A Boston woman, whom police haven't identified, found a bloody and severed goat head on her car, along with a picture of herself tucked under a windshield while she walked her dog, police say. She drove to the police station with the head still on the car. Screenshot from WBZ
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel speaks during a news conference with his Greek counterpart Nikos Kotzias (not pictured) following their meeting at the ministry in Athens, Greece, March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
BERLIN Germany urged the European Union on Friday to consider filing a complaint with the World Trade Organisation (WTO) against the United States over its plan to impose duties on imports of steel plate from five EU member states.
U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign executive orders on Friday aimed at identifying abuses causing huge U.S. trade deficits. He is also preparing to meet Chinese President Xi next week in Florida, with contentious trade issues likely to be high on the agenda.
Global steel prices have slumped as Chinese producers, who account for about half of the worldwide steel supply, have flooded the export markets, leading to protests and anti-dumping complaints by the United States, the European Union and others.
On Thursday, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued a final finding that European and Asian producers dumped certain carbon and alloy steel cut-to-length plate in the U.S. market, allowing it to impose duties ranging from 3.62 percent to 148 percent.
Among the affected companies are firms in Germany, Austria, Belgium, France and Italy.
Gabriel said the U.S. government seemed prepared to give U.S. firms an "unfair competitive advantage" over European producers even though this violated international trade law.
"We Europeans cannot accept this. The EU must now examine whether it also files a complaint at the WTO. I strongly support this," Gabriel said. The European Commission, the EU's executive arm, is in charge of trade matters in the 28-member bloc.
"The WTO rules are the backbone of the international trade order. To deliberately violate them is a dangerous step," he said. "It is the first time that the U.S. in such a case resorts to distorting practices that do not comply with the WTO rules."
In Brussels, a spokesman for the European Commission said it regretted the U.S. move to impose anti-dumping measures, adding that the duties were "artificially inflated".
"Our comments and notably those concerning the use by the U.S. of methodologies which artificially inflate the preliminary dumping margins have not been given expected consideration," the spokesman said.
The final duties were in many cases higher than the preliminary duties set in November. "We will look now into the detail of the decision taken by the U.S. and consider the appropriate steps," he said.
THREAT
Gabriel said Germany had to stand up to the U.S. and fight "accounting tricks" that put Germany's internationally competitive steel industry at a disadvantage.
"If the U.S. got through with unfair competition, other industries would also be subject to the same threat," Gabriel warned.
Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries said Germany would, along with the European Commission, continue to campaign for Washington to stick to WTO rules.
"The signals the U.S. is sending in the steel sector really worry us," Zypries said, adding that she would raise the issue when she visits the United States in May.
Cut-to-length steel is used in a wide range of applications, including buildings and bridgework; agricultural, construction and mining equipment; machine parts and tooling; ships, rail cars, tankers and barges; and large-diameter pipes.
The U.S. Department of Commerce's finding is the result of a petition from Nucor Corp (NUE.N) and U.S. subsidiaries of ArcelorMittal SA (ISPA.AS) and SSAB AB (SSABa.ST).
For Austrian producers and exporters, dumping duties on the Voestalpine group (VOES.VI) and all others were set at 53.72 percent. Among French manufacturers and exporters, duty rates were set at 148.02 percent for Industeel France and 8.62 percent for Dillinger France and all others.
In Germany, duties were set at 5.38 percent for AG der Dillinger Hüttenwerke, 22.90 percent for the Salzgitter group (SZGG.DE) and 21.03 percent for all other exporters and producers.
The chief executive of Italian steel firm Marcegaglia said the U.S. risked setting off a trade war if it implemented its plans for a border tax, an issue that should be taken to the WTO.
"And when you start a war you don't know where you will end up," Emma Marcegaglia told reporters in Rome.
Marcegaglia said it was still possible that the issue could be resolved through trans-Atlantic negotiations.
Italy's industry minister warned that a U.S.-EU trade dispute would hurt growth and global governance at a time when the West needs to show a unified front against unfair trade practices.
"Any trade clash between the United States and Europe would be dangerous not only for our economies, but also for the rules that govern globalisation," Carlo Calenda told reporters.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber in Berlin; Additional reporting by Gernot Heller in Berlin, Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels and Antonella Cinelli in Rome; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Insulation Piercing Connector market globally, providing basic overview of Insulation Piercing Connector market including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure, Insulation Piercing Connector Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. Insulation Piercing Connector market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types, applications and companies.
Global market research report of Insulation Piercing Connector 2017 mainly focuses on Production, means the output of Insulation Piercing Connector and Revenue, means the sales value of Insulation Piercing Connector in market. Insulation Piercing Connector market research report studies Insulation Piercing Connector in Global market, Insulation Piercing Connector market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. Global Insulation Piercing Connector market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with their Business perspective which consist of Insulation Piercing Connector capacity, production, price, revenue and Insulation Piercing Connector market share for each manufacturer.
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/28399/request-sample
Insulation Piercing Connector Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
NSi Industries
SEWAK Electrical
Smico
Ensto
Eberhardt-Martin
Zierick
Huajia Group
YueQing ZIYONG Electical
Ningbo Supu
Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market segment by Regions, Insulation Piercing Connector market report splits Global into several key Regions, with Insulation Piercing Connector production, Insulation Piercing Connector consumption, Insulation Piercing Connector revenue, Insulation Piercing Connector market share and growth rate of Insulation Piercing Connector in these regions, from 2011 to 2021. Insulation Piercing Connector Market report split by Product type and Application, with Insulation Piercing Connector production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Insulation Piercing Connector Market report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Insulation Piercing Connector in each application.
Insulation Piercing Connector Market Research Report Split by Type
Type I
Type II
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-insulation-piercing-connector-market-research-report-2017-28399.html
Insulation Piercing Connector Market Research Report Split by Application
Application 1
Application 2
Table of Contents
Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market Research Report 2017
1 Insulation Piercing Connector Market Overview
2 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2017-2022)
4 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2017-2022)
5 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type
6 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market Analysis by Application
7 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 Insulation Piercing Connector Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global Insulation Piercing Connector Market Forecast (2017-2022)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
JULY 4, 2018 — Nexans Subsea Operations recently signed a contract with Norway's Ulstein Verft to build a DP3 149.9m x 31m cable laying vessel.
Designed by Skipteknisk, Alesund, Norway, the ST-297 CLV design ship will be outfitted for power cable laying, including bundle laying, cable jointing and repair and cable system protection and trenching. Shipyard Ulstein Verft will construct the 17,000 dwt vessels and prepare for the topside equipment.
The advanced cable laying vessel has a turntable with a large cable capacity of 10,000 tonnes, and the fiber optic basket holds 450 tonnes, with accommodations for 90.
The advanced cable laying vessel will support Nexans' High Voltage & Projects business, which includes turnkey submarine interconnector projects, offshore wind farms, offshore oil and gas projects, and land-based high voltage projects.
Just yesterday, for example, Paris-based Nexans announced it would support the Phase 3 development of the Troll oil and gas field in the Norwegian Continental Shelf in the North Sea. Nexans Norway will design, manufacture and supply static umbilicals that include high voltage power elements, high-pressure hydraulic lines, low-pressure hydraulic lines, a MEG (methanol and glycol) service line for chemical injection, a spare line and fiber-optic communications – all within a single cross-section. A 20 kilometer umbilical will link the Troll A platform to Template W1, while a 7 kilometer umbilical will then link Template W1 to Template W2. The contract also includes the supply of connections, terminations and other umbilical accessories.
Ulstein Group CEO Gunvor Ulstein, says the shipbuilding contract with Nexans was “was won in tough, international competition.”
“We are experienced in constructing large and complex vessels and we look forward to commencing the work on the cable laying vessel for Nexans,” says Ulstein Verft Managng Director Kristian Sætre.
Nexans also announced today that its board, during its meeting of July 3, 2018 chaired by Georges Chodron de Courcel, decided to appoint Christopher Guérin as Chief Executive Officer. He took office today.
Christopher Guérin, 46 years old (shown, inset photo at right), has been with Nexans since 1997 and most recently since 2014 served as Senior Executive Vice President, Europe and Telecom/Datacom, Power Accessories Business Groups and member of the Group Management Board.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Jason Day began the day in the final threesome, two strokes off the lead, and had the usual ups and downs on Saturday before his quadruple-bogey at the Quail Hollow gauntlet known as the 'Green Mile'.
Day began the stretch at the par-four 16th with his third successive birdie to reach five-under but danger was just around the corner. The Australian bogeyed the par-three 17th and finished with a nightmare quadruple-bogey eight.
That adventure started with a wayward drive that took him into the trees, leading to two horrendous shots and a penalty stroke, a weak escape from choking rough, a weak chip and two putts.
Day lost five shots over the two holes and finished seven off the pace.
"He played good coming in and then gave it all away, so that's tough," said playing companion Kevin Kisner.
A shell-shocked Day, usually accommodating with the media, walked off hand-in-hand with wife Ellie without taking questions.
Tournament leader Kisner was not unscathed, either.
Sailing along with a two-shot lead, Kisner pulled a shot into the water at the 16th and had his bogey-putt spin out of the hole for a double. At 18, he bounced an approach off a stone bridge that saved him from another splash but sent him into deep rough and a bogey.
That slight reprieve allowed him to cling to a one-shot lead over Hideki Matsuyama and fellow American Chris Stroud going into Sunday's final round.
Entire threesomes fell victim to the 18th.
Jordan Spieth, who came to Quail Hollow looking to complete a career grand slam of majors, England's Tommy Fleetwood and veteran Vijay Singh all double-bogeyed the last.
Spaniard Jon Rahm and playing partner Steve Stricker doubled as well. As did Paul Casey, whose two-under for the tournament turned into even-par.
Australian Adam Scott joined the double-bogey brigade as one of 12 scores at the 18th of double-bogey or worse.
Not everyone was left cursing the 18th, with first-round leader Thorbjorn Olesen (three-over) and Patrick Cantley (two-over) both signing off with birdies.
April 20 Skechers USA Inc:
* Q1 earnings per share $0.60
* Q1 revenue $1.073 billion versus I/B/E/S view $1.06 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.54 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Skechers USA Inc - believes it will achieve net sales in q2 in range of $950 million to $975 million
* Skechers USA Inc - expects ongoing capital expenditures for 2017 to be approximately $40 million to $45 million
* Skechers USA Inc sees Q2 earnings per share of $0.42 to $0.47
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.47, revenue view $962.2 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Andreas Kazmierzak, Polish pianist
Contact
Church of Scientology
***@cos.flag.org Church of Scientology
End
-- In honor of, celebrated in September each year, Polish pianist, Mr. Andreas Kazmierzack will perform a classical piano concert on Saturday, September 16at the Scientology Information Center in Downtown Clearwater. Refreshments will be served at 6:30pm, and the concert starts 7pm.The performance will celebrate the grand instrument, the piano - originally called 'pianoforte' which was first manufactured in 1698 by Bartolomeo Cristofori in Italy. At its largest size of 8′ 11″ (a concert grand piano), weighing over 1400 lbs the piano has 7,500 working parts. Despite being 319 years old, it is a relatively new instrument compared to other instruments such as the flute, which has existed for thousands of years.The concert will honor artists who have achieved great skill through observation, study and practice – Chopin, Beethoven and Liszt. These concepts are also reflected in the precept "Be Competent," from the book,written by philosopher L. Ron Hubbard covers this precept wherein he wrote, "The ingredients of competence include observation, study and practice."Mr. Kazmierzack will illuminate each piece with historical details bringing each piece to life. After the performance, Mr. Kazmierzack will also provide a 30-min question and answer period providing further understanding of the piano and its history.Mr. Kazmierzack is originally from Poland, a proud father of four, a computer programmer, Master of Civil Engineering and has ten years of classical piano training. He studied under Tibor Yusti Von Arth from Austria, a well-known musician and teacher. Mr. Kazmierzack stopped performing at the age of 21 due to extreme stage fright at a piano competition. He credits his ability to now perform in front of audiences with the spiritual counselling he received in Scientology and has since given two special performances for charitable causes. His debut performance at the Scientology Information Center on Saturday, June 17honoring Father's Day."The piano is a very magical instrument. Its music creates such a wide range of emotions and feelings. I look forward to sharing this music and its history with everyone," said Andreas.To attend this concert or to learn more about the Scientology Information Center, please contact Amber at 727-467-6966 or amber@cos.flag.org The Scientology Information Center:The Scientology Information Center, located in the Historic Clearwater Building in downtown Clearwater, opened on July 11, 2015, and currently houses a gallery of audiovisual displays with some 400 videos.The Center is open to all provides a self-guided tour showing basic Scientology beliefs, Churches around the world, ongoing social programs and the life of L. Ron Hubbard, Scientology's founder. The Center offers tours to the broad public and civic leaders; holds concerts, theatrical performances and receptions for the community; and opens up the use of its conference room to social, civic and non-profit groups.For more information please visit www.scientology-fso.org.
Canada wants to avoid a big economic blow from crippling U.S. tariffs on imports of steel and aluminum. Trump has threatened not to extend an exemption for Canada and Mexico that is due to expire Friday.
The tariffs are on top of the tough renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
For the group, said G7 expert John Kirton of the University of Toronto, the growing financial concerns in key countries like Italy will likely be a focal point for the ministers this week — and he expects markets will be looking a clear message from them before the June 7-9 summit.
"We now have, potentially, a mini-global financial crisis on our hands and the finance ministers are going to have to start with that," Kirton said.
"They're going to have to focus on getting the message from Whistler right.... I don't think they ever really imagined they'd have a financial crisis to deal with on the eve."
In addition to Canada, the U.S. and Italy, the other G7 countries are Japan, the United Kingdom, France and Germany.
Tom Bernes, a former G7 finance deputy who's held senior positions at the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, said the ministers will have to wrestle with questions about Italy.
"While the European members will no doubt attempt to provide comforting words, clearly risks to the euro and global economic growth have increased," Bernes, a distinguished fellow at the Centre for International Governance Innovation, wrote in an email.
The Whistler meetings will also include ministerial sessions to discuss cybersecurity for the financial system, the impacts of technological change on jobs, international tax co-ordination, global economic risks and the role of international organizations in strengthening the world's economy.
When it comes to international bodies, much focus could be on the IMF in Whistler.
Earlier this month, Argentine President Mauricio Macri announced he would seek a financing deal with the IMF after a steep devaluation of his country's currency.
Bernes said he expects G7 ministers will be looking for an update from the IMF on Argentina, which happens to hold this year's G20 presidency. But he added he'd be surprised if any significant conclusions emerge from Whistler since the G20 remains the main forum for economic co-operation.
The ever-shifting trade gyrations involving Washington could surface as another area of dispute in Whistler, particularly with impending U.S. decisions this week on steel, aluminum and automobiles, he added.
"There is a possibility for sparks to fly."
Follow @AndyBlatchford on Twitter
By Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press
MANILA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Budget airline group AirAsia is looking at buying Boeing 787s to expand the fleet of its long-haul arm AirAsia X, Chief Executive Tony Fernandes said on Friday.
“AirAsia X will need more planes. We are now looking at (Airbus) 330 (and) 350s, (Boeing) 787,” Fernandes told reporters on the sidelines of a business forum in Manila.
The AirAsia group, which has already ordered A330s and A350s, has been exclusively linked to Airbus planes but industry experts say Boeing 787s could fit into its long-haul operations. (Reporting by Karen Lema; Writing by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Twenty years have passed with today marking the moment when Ginger Spice left the Spice Girls at the height of the group's success. With reports of catfights and claws, this is the story of what really happened, from the girl's own mouths.
"Geri's leaving the band".
Victoria Beckham was in London when she received the call from the Spice Girls' lawyer, Andrew Thompson. She thought it was a joke.
"No, this is serious, Victoria. Geri is leaving the band. She's had enough. She doesn't want to come back".
Advertisement
Spice World movie poster. Photo / Supplied
It was May 26, 1998. The Spice Girls, then the biggest girl band of all time, were at the tail end of their European tour and had flown out of Helsinki to launch the midweek Lottery in the UK. Scary, Baby, Ginger, Posh and Sporty were set to take the stage the next evening in Oslo and the American leg of the tour was due to start in just a couple of weeks in Miami.
Geri had already warned the girls a couple of months earlier, while in Milan in March, of her plans to depart the band. She sat the girls down in a dressing room when she announced her decision to leave at the end of the world tour, notably after the Spice Girls' scheduled performance at Wembley Stadium that September.
Geri was met with silence from the rest of the group.
"Why do you want to leave?" Victoria asked, according to Halliwell's 1999 autobiography, If Only.
"I've had enough," Geri replied.
By this stage the Spice Girls' insane schedule had taken a toll and Geri's eating disorders had returned at full force. Her life, she felt, was spiralling out of control.
Over the next two months, Ginger had begun to slowly lose some of her colour. Her outfits less daring, her hair a shade or two lighter. Her blonde streaks removed. Less make up. Layer upon layer unravelling before the public's eye. She knew she wanted to get off the rollercoaster. She said the girls had begun to squabble and that "things were far from perfect".
"One thing that was clear at the time I decided to leave was that inside Ginger Spice, underneath the make-up, the big hair, the giant platforms and the headline-grabbing dresses, there was a real girl and she was being suffocated," Halliwell wrote in her second autobiography, 2002's Just For The Record.
Spice Girls MGM Hotel Las Vegas, in 1997. Photo / AP
Lawyers had been informed and the four remaining girls began to grow closer, Geri thought. The wheels for a departure were in motion.
On the flight home to London to launch the Lottery in May, the girls were in good spirits.
"It was one of those mad flights we sometimes had, with loads of shouting and laughter and messing around. Geri seemed fine — we all did," Melanie B wrote in her autobiography, Catch A Fire. The girls hugged, said "See you tomorrow" — and that was it.
But then, all hell was let loose in Spice world — a snap decision that would throw the plan into disarray and would leave the girls gobsmacked.
That morning, Geri had discovered a "heavyweight" breast cancer interview that she had scheduled had been cancelled despite The Sun running a front page piece headlined: "Ginger Spice secret breast cancer op".
For Geri, it was a particularly sensitive issue. She was keen to use her fame for higher purposes and felt this an ample opportunity after she had emergency surgery on a small lump in her breast at the age of 17. Despite her negative result, she was desperate to highlight the issue and felt it was a chance to send out a positive message to check your breasts.
The Spice Girls in happier times perform on stage at the Brit Awards in London on February 24, 1997, where they scooped awards for Best British Video and Best Single. Photo / News Corp Australia
"Although some might think it was just a slogan or a gimmick, I had always been serious about Girl Power," she wrote.
"Unfortunately, the girls made it clear that they would rather I waited until after I left in September. The answer was obvious — it was time for me to go."
Devastated that she couldn't do the interview, it was breaking point for Ginger Spice.
"Forget the rest of the European tour," she wrote in her diary that night.
"Forget America! Forget Wembley Stadium! Ginger Spice is no more. She has left the band."
After the call from the Spice Girls' lawyer, Victoria's reaction was to simply ignore it.
"I literally no idea," she wrote in her 2001 autobiography, Learning to Fly.
"If anybody had taken a picture of me at that moment, it would not have been a pretty sight. A monkey's bum would have been more attractive."
But the issue couldn't be ignored forever. Melanie B, Victoria, Melanie C and Emma frantically tried to reach Geri, and found her hiding out at her brother's house.
The four girls all phoned and attempted to convince her to return, telling her "we've come this far" and "what on earth are you playing at?" One by one they tried, with no luck.
Geri said there was simply nothing left to say.
That night the girls had the scheduled Lottery appearance, but they weren't ready to tell the world of the inner turmoil raining down in Spice world. Geri's sickness became the "scapegoat" for the story; there was still hope that Ginger could eventually return, the remaining four still thought she would eventually see some sense.
So, throwing on a smile for the cameras, what would become the "fab four" made their first appearance sans Geri.
"Unfortunately Geri's not very well tonight so get well soon Geri!" Mel C spoke for the group. The official Virgin line was: "Geri is suffering from nervous exhaustion".
After the Lottery gig the remaining four flew to Oslo, but on their way Geri had been spotted boarding a plane to France.
"People recognised me at the airport, but nobody realised I was making my escape," Geri wrote.
By the time she had flown out, questions were being asked. Geri wasn't sick at all and the media could sniff a story. She hadn't been seen publicly since her performance with the Spice Girls in Helsinki.
"Everyone had their theories," wrote Victoria.
"That there had been some great row on the flight back from Helsinki. That we'd been hitting each other. The truth is that we'd all really had a laugh on that flight back."
Despite Geri saying the had prepared the girls for the inevitable, Victoria says differently.
"Perhaps she thought we were mind readers," Victoria wrote.
"We didn't know. Why she said that I have no idea; perhaps because it made her look better, because otherwise it was like admitting she had left us in the lurch. Which, of course, was exactly what she did. Geri Halliwell had left us totally in the lurch."
There wasn't much time to think — the Spice Girls had a show the next day and there was rearranging to do. The four remaining Spice Girls had less than 24-hours to completely re-choreograph and sort out new vocals to all their songs.
"It was mad. We didn't have a spare moment to absorb what had happened. We just had to get on with things," Mel B wrote.
Melanie C was particularly nervous about covering Geri's famous lines in Wannabe.
"It was more strange than difficult, especially doing the opening lines with Melanie," Mel B wrote. "She would sing the words, whereas they were meant to be shouted."
For Victoria, there was "one big plus. For the first time ever I got to sing on Wannabe".
But it didn't make up for the "total betrayal" she felt.
"I'd known Geri for four years, we'd shared a room in Windsor (before they were famous), we'd been through the most extraordinary experiences of our lives together. She was one of my best friends. And now she had walked out without a word. What I felt was anger at the selfishness of it all, then betrayal," Victoria wrote.
But the public was still completely unaware, despite the press reports.
"Spice Girls face split as Geri stays away," read a headline in the Daily Express. Sky News was running bulletins about "Missing Ginger Spice".
Statements were prepared by both parties and the announcement was made on Sunday, May 31. Geri escaped to Mauritius while the remaining Spice Girls continued with the final European leg. Her lawyer, Julian Turton, stood outside Andrew Thompson's office, the lawyer for the Spice Girls, surrounded by a full media pack and read Geri's statement:
This is a message to the fans. Sadly, I would like to confirm that I have left the Spice Girls. This is because of differences between us. I am sure the group will continue to be successful and I wish them all the best. I have no immediate plans. I wish to apologise to all the fans and to thank them and every one who has been there. Lots of love, Geri. PS. I'll be back.
A £500,000 ($AU883,000) price tag was offered for the first shots of Geri sans Spice life. She wrote in her diary the next day: "Things are going crazy. Everybody is looking for me. I can't possibly hide forever. But where can I go? I don't feel safe here any more. They're going to find me."
She received a call from Ken Berry, the boss of Virgin Records, telling her George Michael had offered her a safe haven to stay and ride out the storm.
"I felt as though an angel had been sent down to me. In my hour of need, he came to my rescue," Geri wrote.
She flew to St Tropez where George assured her: "Don't rush, Geri. Take your time. You have longer than you think before the attention goes away."
In later years Geri would eventually describe the breast cancer interview was "only part of the picture" and "deep down in my heart of hearts I know that the disagreement about the interview was a life raft I used to get out of the group".
"Inside my heart, though, I'm not proud of leaving when I did. I'm not proud about that at all," she wrote.
From left, Mel B, Geri Halliwell, Emma Bunton and Mel C pose for photographs as they arrive for the press showing of Viva Forever!, a musical based on the songs of the Spice Girls. Photo / AP
Victoria reflected: "Geri really had been under much more strain than the rest of us, it was always harder for her, the only Spice Girl who wasn't a trained dancer.
"It's not easy getting up there on stage night after night, six days a week. Despite all the extra classes and rehearsals, she still found the pace of doing show after show more difficult to cope with than the rest of us.
"And she did get criticised for it, and it's horrible when people say you're the one with no talent, which they did. And I should know."
At the end of the year, the Spice Girls were back on top of the Christmas chart with their single Goodbye.
"It felt as if they were singing it to me," Geri wrote.
But "without Ginger to hide behind, I wasn't really sure who Geri was any more".
2 Jan, Kathmandu: Naya Shakti Nepal (NSN) Coordinator Dr Baburam Bhattarai has commented that major political parties differed in opinions for power sharing instead of forwarding the constitution amendment.
Receiving an attention letter submitted by the Reporters' Club Nepal here Monday for the party to make efforts to end political deadlock in the country, leader Dr Bhattarai spoke of the need for forming a coalition government by addressing the issues related to power sharing.
Stating that there was not much difference in the ideological agendas among the Nepali Congress, CPN-Maoist Centre and CPN-UML, the former Prime Minister underscored the need to move ahead by taking the Madhesh-centric political parties into confidence.
He was of the opinion that amendment in constitution be considered first and head towards election.
Dr Bhattarai also ruled out the possibility of merger of his party with CPN-Maoist Center.
The Israel-Gaza border fell quiet on Wednesday, but the previous day's exchange of rockets and air strikes – the most intense flare-up of hostilities since the 2014 war – was a reminder that tensions could easily tip over into a prolonged conflict.
Dozens of rockets and mortars were fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel through Tuesday and into Wednesday morning, prompting Israel to respond with tank and air strikes on more than 50 targets in the enclave. It had initially been assumed that Islamic Jihad had carried out most of the attacks after Israel killed three of its members on Sunday, but the armed wing of Hamas, which controls the strip, claimed joint responsibility. The two groups said they acted in response to Israel's killing of at least 116 Palestinians since March 30th at Gaza border protests. Israel said three of its soldiers were injured by rocket-fire.
Egypt appears to have mediated a ceasefire between the two sides, but the terms of the “understanding” did not go beyond a restoration of calm. That's welcome, in that it allows the people of Gaza and southern Israel to resume their daily lives, at least for now. But nobody should be under any illusions about the longer-term outlook. The humanitarian crisis in Gaza worsens by the week, as does the sense of desperation among its people and the tensions between Israel and Hamas.
In the absence of a peace process, the urgent focus must be on easing the blockade of Gaza while ensuring Israel's security. At a minimum, the people of Gaza must be given greater freedom to travel and trade. Infrastructure must be upgraded, while reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah would improve the strip's civil administration.
International aid, from Europe in particular, plays a vital role, but ultimately it can only address the symptoms of Gaza's condition, not the cause. International efforts must therefore focus on a lifting of the blockade. The events of recent days suggest neither Israel nor Hamas wants a full-scale military confrontation. But with tensions as acute as they are now, it wouldn't take much to plunge the region into another catastrophic war.
Drawn weapon cuts short a battle of wits
Bridges were burned – not built – after police arrested a 28-year-old construction worker for sending his friend to the emergency room in Kandal province's Vihear Luong commune on Sunday.
The two chums were drinking together when they got into an argument that even intervening relatives couldn't quiet.
The suspect then pulled a knife and slashed his pal on the head, inflicting a couple of minor injuries.
Police were called to settle the argument by arresting the knife-wielding debater.
NOKORWAT
Share This: Nintendo Fans Are Still Waiting For That Pokémon RPG Announcement Jess
It feels like it's been years since Nintendo sent Switch players the survey that revealed an upcoming, currently unnamed “Pokémon RPG” game; since dangling this respective carrot in the faces of all Pokémon fans, Nintendo has been constantly in the news for everything but the reputed Switch game—first with their announcement of a new Mario movie, and then with Pokémon Go's release of generation 3 Pokémon. At every turn, Nintendo refuses to give fans the information we want to hear.
The last fresh Pokémon titles released were Ultra Sun and Moon—games that (according to IGN) will be the last Pokémon RPG games made for the 3DS console. Having allegedly pushed the old handhelds to the limits of their capabilities, Nintendo aims to transfer the beloved series to the Switch. Still, aside from knowing it's “in development,” fans have heard virtually nothing about the next game in the series.
With the crowd holding their breath, it's no surprise that the Pokémon GO's Pokémon additions were met with frustrated sighs. We can only hope that this RPG finds ways to break whatever limits Nintendo saw in the 3DS with the Switch, a console that has already been proven to be amazing.
DIVE tour operators are divided over whether tourism will be affected by the ex-HMAS Tobruk landing on her side when she was scuttled last week.
Hervey Bay Dive Centre and Dive Hervey Bay were the two companies chosen by the State Government to conduct recreational diving activities on the ex-Navy Ship.
But when Dive Hervey Bay owner Glenn Bowman, who has 35 years dive instructor experience and more than 3,500 dives logged, watched the ship descend into the ocean's depths on her side, he knew he'd have to reassess his strategy.
<>
Mr Bowman said the unplanned result could reduce projected income by 50 per cent due to fewer people visiting the town and thus fewer people purchasing hotel rooms, food and shopping.
"The starboard side is basically not accessible to any divers except divers with wreck penetration diving qualifications," he said.
"You need to be able to see an exit or sunlight for an exit to make it a general diver dive site."
They were conflicting points to Hervey Bay Dive Centre owner Ed Gibson.
Mr Gibson said despite the scuttling not going to the exact plan, open divers would still have a "really good swim".
"Divers can still experience propellers and rudders with its position," he said.
"It's not unusual for a vessel to land on its side and from a divers point of view, it's still quite accessible.
Photos View Photo Gallery
"I don't think it will affect dive tourism and it will thrive as expected because we will adjust it and amend our dive tours."
One thing Mr Gibson and Mr Bowman do agree on, however is that the dive will be nothing short of spectacular.
The Chronicle contacted Hinkler MP Keith Pitt, who launched the Tobruk campaign four years ago, to hear his thoughts on the potential impact the vessel's position could have on tourism.
Keith Pitt's office said once the ex-HMAS Tobruk was handed over to the State Government in December 2016, it ceased having any control over the vessel and was unable to comment.
A Queensland Parks and Wildlife Service spokeswoman said despite concerns, the wreck was lying in the correct location, within the restricted access area.
"The first order of operations following any scuttling event is to undertake a safety inspection of the entire wreck," she said.
"Contractor Birdon have undertaken the inspections and will be submitting a report to the Queensland Government in coming days.
"This will allow us to review all options and assess the best way to move forward to ensure the best dive opportunity is created.
"The Queensland Government is engaging with the four commercial tour operators to keep them informed of developments during this process and to scope dive experience opportunities."
Do you think tourism will be affected by the ex-HMAS Tobruk on her starboard side? Email us at editorial@frasercoastchronicle.com.au.
Merging high fashion and high tech, NYC fashion designer Minika Ko launches water repellent, slim fit, easy care white suits and dresses on Kickstarter. Backers are offered an exclusive pre-production price for the outfits. Campaign ends on Sep 17th
Contact
PR Manager
Minika Ko LLC
***@minikako.com PR ManagerMinika Ko LLC
End
-- Fashion designer Minika Ko launches her crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter, seeking support to make her collection of high performance white suits and dresses available to all. The campaign will feature numerous possibilities to both support her mission and to experience her craftsmanship firsthand."I feel fashion is a little behind," says Minika as she remarks that, despite our major technological advancements, we still have dresses that require dry cleaning. It's a problem area, one that she aims to solve and save her clientele time and money.With Minika Ko's white dress or suit, a woman can quickly and effortlessly put on her clothes and start the day looking chic and beautiful. The designs emphasize lines, making her look taller and slimmer without sacrificing comfort. "The clothes don't require any ironing," says Minika. "I believe that fashion can be effortless."While keeping a white dress or suit clean might typically be an effort, it is not the case with Minika Ko's dress. Her clothes are water repellent and machine washable so that any fashionista can rock the classy style and, at the end of the day, "throw it in the washing machine, hang dry it, and it's ready to go." By washing the garments with the regular load of whites, supporters can experience effortless chic, all while protecting the world from environmentally harmful dry cleaning chemicals.The collection were debuted on the runway of the New York Fashion Week, and the designer is seeking support to kickstart the production. She is offering the collection to the Kickstarter backers at an exclusive Pre-production Price. Moreover, those who donate to her campaign can assist her in pushing her clothing line to the frontier, overcoming the high minimum requirements held by manufacturers. "With your support," she says, "I will be able to bring this collection to life."Minika Ko is a fashion designer based in New York City. As an avid traveller, she has worked as a designer in France, Taipei, Los Angeles, and New York City. Minika brings her global experiences to the world of fashion, designing with adventurers in mind - the courageous, independent, professional women. Her philosophy lies in enhancing a woman's confidence by highlighting her best features, such that she will always feel like herself in her outfit – the woman she desires to be.Minika Ko's Kickstarter campaign ends on September 17th, 2017. Supporters willhave access to many rewards, visit https://goo.gl/ 6JwwFv
Over the next few weeks expect a lot of Ardern baby talk as the country prepares for the First Baby.
It's due on June the 17th but with the way she's feeling the Prime Minister acknowledges she may not make it to that date, it could be any day now.
Fear not the country's most experienced politician and arguably the shrewdest operator Winston Peters is waiting in the wings, stepping up to the plate that he himself reckons could have been his more than quarter of a century ago if he'd played his cards right.
Ardern's giving herself six weeks maternity leave before returning to the Beehive's ninth floor and claims she'll be reading her usual load of papers while she's at home with the baby.
Advertisement
The first part's conceivable and second part's impossible, although the last and only other Prime Minister to give birth in office, Pakistan's Benazir Bhutto set the bar high.
Back in 1988 Pakistan's President announced his country's first election in almost a decade, knowing the then pregnant Bhutto would find campaigning tough, if not impossible.
Her campaign schedule was interrupted momentarily when her son, now a politician himself, was born four weeks early. Her win showed that voters were comfortable with a new mother running their country.
As Prime Minister she became pregnant again a couple of years later and refusing to tell her opponents of the birth date, fearing she'd be overthrown, she travelled incognito to a hospital, had a Caesarean section, and the next day was back on the job.
An old mate of mine Simon Walker, of Muldoon television interview fame, went to Oxford with Benazir Bhutto with both serving as former Presidents of the Oxford Union.
Walker described her as a lively, gregarious and an immensely popular person saying she was a real bridge between Islam and the West.
Unfortunately after living in exile for almost a decade Bhutto returned to Pakistan in 2007 to run for office again the following year, but within two months she was assassinated.
It's impossible to compare the volatile Pakistan with this country and to compare the two Prime Ministers is equally impossible.
But what the example of Bhutto shows is that against all the adversity she faced, anything is possible and the strength and determination of this woman was above and beyond what any of us would be capable of.
It puts into some perspective how much easier it is for a woman leader in 2018 to have a baby in office and that's not to diminish that history is being made for the second time.
Skyler Luke Walker, 21, stabbed Payton Lockwood in an argument last July. Lockwood later died from his wounds.
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in his mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. He died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered his face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR his body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades. He is believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. He later said he was trying to bring his family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if he didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
As campaigners call for Ripon's new swimming pool plans to include a six-lane facility with a secondary learner pool, city Coun Andrew Williams has suggested that residents could make a financial contribution towards the project.
At a full council meeting last week, Coun Williams stressed the importance of getting the plans right for generations to come, and said residents could make a contribution through their parish precept to ensure that the city gets all the facilities it wants.
He said if Harrogate Borough Council is serious about amending the plans to make the pool a six-lane with a separate learner pool , the city council could work with them to help if funding is an issue.
Coun Williams said: "It's one of the most important capital projects that the city will have for generations to come, and I believe it's important that we get it right, because there isn't an opportunity to go back and get it right a second time.
"It's possible that this city council could help to bridge the gap, because I don't believe that there would be an outcry in the city if we were to increase the parish precepts to make an annual contribution towards providing a better swimming pool in the city.
"I believe that at least Ripon residents would feel that their money was being put to good use by providing a facility that could be used by young and old. I believe that if this council were being asked to make a financial contribution on a yearly basis towards the running costs or the capital costs of a swimming pool, it is something that I think local residents would not necessarily object to, providing that it is set at a fair and reasonable sum.
"I believe that residents should have the final say on whether they wanted to pay an extra supplement onto the precept to ensure that Ripon has the all-singing, all-dancing swimming facility that local children should be able to enjoy, and to see how we can secure the very best facility that local residents and local parents crave.
"Let's make sure that Ripon has the best that money can buy rather than simply a make-do facility because the Spa Baths are past their best."
Coun Pauline McHardy said the plans should be amended to reflect an increasing population in the city.
She added: "And of course if we're going to have an increase in homes in the city, there'll be an increase in people using it."
Members of the Ripon Pool Action Group (RPAG) have been campaigning for the existing plans to be amended, which include a 25-metre swimming pool and a five-lane facility.
Speaking on behalf of the group at the city council meeting, Pamela Simpson Phillips, who is a regular swimmer at the Spa Baths, said: "Ripon's expanding at the moment, there are far too many people for that pool, there are some days it is just crammed and nobody can swim.
"We do need a separate pool, and that's what we're asking for really."
Responding to Coun Williams, Coun Mike Chambers said: "I think you'll find that it's rather more than a make-do facility, however I do accept that it is perhaps not in accord with what the residents of Ripon would like to see.
"There are clearly some issues with funding, however, I know that Coun Lumley is taking on board what the RPAG have had to say. I know that there is still some way to go on the decisions to be made as to what the pool will look like."
In a recent statement, Harrogate Borough Council's cabinet member for culture, tourism and sport, Stanley Lumley, said: “Naturally, reversing the work we have already done costs money and takes time. I will have to decide whether that is justified when one considers the fact that Ripon Spa Baths could fail at any time and that the new facility is, as the group acknowledge, a substantial improvement on what is currently available.”
The 33-year-old said The Crown was a "wonderful project" to be a part of.
Claire Foy has said it is “an honour” to be nominated for the coveted best actress gong at the Golden Globes.
The British star, 33, was recognised for her role as the Queen in The Crown, which is also up for best drama at the US awards ceremony.
She said: “It is such an honour to receive this nomination today!
“Thank you so much to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) for their continued support of The Crown.
“I can't express enough what a wonderful project it has been to be a part of, with such an extraordinary cast and crew. Thank you.”
Creator Peter Morgan added: “Thrilled thrilled!!!!”
This year's #GoldenGlobes Nominees for Drama Series, Comedy/Musical Series, Limited Series, and Motion Picture Made for Television! #Globes75 pic.twitter.com/qG9eOOSW93 — Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) December 11, 2017
The Crown faces Game Of Thrones, The Handmaid's Tale, Stranger Things and This Is Us for best TV drama.
Foy, who previously won a Golden Globe for playing the Queen, is up against The Deuce's Maggie Gyllenhaal, Outlander's Caitriona Balfe, Katherine Langford for 13 Reasons Why and Elisabeth Moss in The Handmaid's Tale in the best actress in a TV series drama category.
Comedian Seth Meyers will host the awards ceremony at the Beverly Hilton on January 7.
© Press Association 2017
TULSA (AP) Oklahoma's struggle to close a $1 billion-plus budget shortfall was the state's top news story of 2016, according to survey of Associated Press journalists and its media customers.
The ongoing struggle to address the frequency of earthquakes was picked second in the AP's Oklahoma's Top 10 stories.
Woes within the law enforcement community occupied three spots with the killing of an unarmed black man by a Tulsa police officer, fallout from last year's shooting of an unarmed man by a reserve sheriff's deputy and the sentencing of a former Oklahoma City officer convicted of raping women he met on his beat.
The entire list:
1. Oklahoma's economy tanks amid a downturn in oil prices.
2. Earthquakes shake the state with increasing regularity.
3. A former Chesapeake CEO dies the day after he is indicted on bid-rigging charges.
4. A white Tulsa police officer shoots and kills an unarmed black man.
5. Oklahoma reworks its execution protocol, and a grand jury says the governor's chief lawyer encouraged the use of a wrong drug in a 2015 execution.
6. A former reserve sheriff's deputy is convicted of killing an unarmed man in 2015.
7. Voters reject a pay raise for teachers; districts shorten their weeks and some teachers flee for neighboring states that pay better.
8. Kevin Durant leaves the Thunder, but Russell Westbrook signs a contract extension.
9. Oklahoma's Republicans maintain their stranglehold on the reins of state government.
10.A former Oklahoma City police officer is sentenced to 263 years in prison for rape and other charges.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford helped England end their penalty shootout hoodoo and reach the World Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Colombia in Moscow.
After decades stewing on his Euro 96 semi-final miss against Germany, Gareth Southgate has spent recent months trying to improve their chances in Russia if it went all the way.
Things looked set to go pear-shaped when Jordan Henderson's penalty was saved, only for Mateus Uribe's spot-kick to rattle the bar and goalkeeper Pickford to deny Carlos Bacca.
Eric Dier kept his composure in the Spartak Stadium cauldron, propelling the Three Lions to a famous 4-3 shootout win after it ended 1-1 after 90 minutes and extra time.
Newcastle United legend Alan Shearer launched a foul-mouthed rant at Colombia after they were eliminated, the Mirror reports.
Sat alongside fellow commentator Jermaine Jenas at Media City in Salford after the ill-tempered game which saw six yellow cards given to opposition players, he launched a foul-mouthed rant at the South American side.
Take a look at what Shearer said in the video above.
Out of shot, host Gary Lineker can be heard laughing.
In the first half viewers were treated to a headbutt by Marcos Barrios (that only saw yellow), more yellow cards followed as well as the sight of a senior coach for the Colombian team shouldering Raheem Sterling as he left the pitch.
In the second half the Colombian team swarmed referee Mark Gieger when the official rightly gave a penalty to England and footage has since emerged of Johan Mojica kicking up the turf prior to Harry Kane's spot kick.
Shearer was certainly not the only viewer fuming at Colombia.
England will now play Sweden at 3pm on Saturday, July 7 as they bid to reach their first World Cup semi-final since Italia '90.
England's World Cup win over Colombia was watched by an average 16.5 million people, with the audience peaking at 24.4 million, ITV has said.
The figures are the highest for any World Cup match so far this year.
England's previous games attracted an average audience of 13.7 million (against Tunisia), 9.9 million (Panama) and 13.0 million (Belgium).
ITV's coverage of the Colombia match is now the most-watched TV programme of 2018.
The audience peak of 24.2 million came at 9.52pm, when Eric Dier scored England's winning penalty.
At this point roughly four in five people watching TV in the UK (81%) were tuned to ITV.
When the full ratings are published - which will include those who recorded and watched up to seven days later - the overall average is likely to rank as one of the top 10 TV audiences for an England World Cup game.
The biggest-ever audience is 25.2 million, for England's semi-final against West Germany in 1990.
The BBC has the rights to England's next 2018 World Cup game, which is against Sweden in the quarter-finals at 3pm on Saturday July 7.
If England wins, the team's semi-final match will be shown by ITV.
Australia – 2nd October 2017 – ABM Service Group provides many services which facilitate the life of everyone. With their calibration services, their ease people's routines and make properly the job. Proposing a wide range of really interesting offerings, everyone can make use of them and have a great experience to work with ABM Service Group.
Their website is a user-friendly platform which provides information about their particular offerings and describes their policies of supporting clients. They also propose to users' attention their full project history, where there is presented what other projects they have ended up. Their web page contains also an integrated blog where a lot of information can be discovered by everyone. The contact information and the possibility to get in touch with them is available on the web page too.
What is good at this particular company? There are many advantages which are remarking. First of all, they propose all kind of services you have ever needed. In other words, you will be fully served by professionals in the field. It does not matter if this is an electrical installation or just an industrial supply. You will always receive help and support. One other thing to mention, the team of the ABM Group is very open to collaboration. The team has their main goal to achieve the desired outcome of the client. That is why, the motto of overcoming any obstacles should tell everyone many things. You will be never negliged or ignored by asking for help. Even if it is a very hard task, the company's team will always find the convenient solution. Yet another point to talk about, safety and nature saving are the things which the company pay attention on too. For this reason, many rules are implied in their policy. Last but not least, the experience of each member of the team assures a high quality final product for their customers.
About ABM Service Group:
ABM Service Group is a company that offers diverse services of construction, calibration, electrical contracting and so one. Being part of ABM Consolidated Holidays, they have a huge experience and offer cost effective lifecycle solutions, taking care about quality, health and security. If you are interested in their services, then you should not have doubts and make use of them.
Contact:
Company Name: ABM Service Group
Address: 14 Toorak Road, South Yarra, Victoria Australia, 3141
Phone: +61 3 8568 3668
Email: sales@abmsg.com.au
Website: http://abmsg.com.au
For many years fat was known as the number one diet enemy. In more recent years it has been sugar that has been demonised as the devil when it comes to Western society's burgeoning obesity epidemic. But there is actually one thing worse than either fat or sugar — that's fat and refined carbohydrates combined.
And it's a mix that is found in many of our most popular foods including ice cream, chocolate, cakes and yes — doughnuts.
Brain analysis has repeatedly identified that a number of brain centres are stimulated when concentrated mixes of fat and sugar are consumed, building reward circuits via the neurochemical dopamine. The more of these foods that are consumed, the more dopamine the brain is exposed to. Over time this results in the brain becoming desensitised, requiring more of these foods to achieve the same amount of pleasure initially experienced.
It is this long-term programming effect that somewhat explains the chronic overeating of high calorie, rich foods — the ability to down an entire tub of ice cream in one setting when others can only tolerate a scoop or two.
Advertisement
It also explains why the complex food concoctions human beings have developed in the form of ice cream filled with lollies, pastries filled with sugars and fast food loaded with fats, processed carbs and salts have had a profound effect on the types of foods human beings crave and overeat.
So, while we often isolate the carbohydrate sugar, we also need to remember that refined carbohydrates and processed starches can be just as damaging to cellular metabolism. For this reason, processed potato and snack foods cannot be forgotten when it comes to the potentially damaging effects of processed carbohydrates.
So before you rush out and ban all sugar from your diet, it may be more pertinent to pay more attention to these baddies — the most energy-dense foods many of us indulge in far too often.
Read more: • Nutritionist: How to create the perfect school lunch box
CHOCOLATE CROISSANT
The French may buffer theirs with red wine and small portions, but with a chocolate pastry giving you a massive 500 calories (dieters only need 1200-1500 in a day), 24g of fat and more than 60g of carbs thanks to the layers and layers of butter-clad pastry, there are few foods as quick to eat with as many fat and carb calories as that of filled pastries.
The things about muffins is that when we have small homemade versions based on wholemeal flour and plenty of fruit they are a rather nutritious option. On the other hand, when our favourite muffin is jumbo-sized and flavoured, even double flavoured as is the case with a chocolate Nutella version, your muffin can give you as much as 400-500 calories, more than 20g of fat and more than 50g of carbs.
CHOCOLATE
You were probably expecting this one. The tasty mix of milk, vegetable oils and plenty of sugar is one of the most energy-dense foods out there, especially when you calculate energy density per gram serving (let's be honest who stops at 1-2 squares). This means that just half of your favourite block of chocolate has more than 500 calories, 30g of fat and 58g of carbs.
FLAVOURED FOCACCIA
Now I am not talk a piece of plain bread here, I am talking about the fried, slathered in oil thick slices of bread in a massive serving size which add up to give you a massive 600 calories, 38g of fat and 58g of carbs per serve.
FRENCH FRIES
It may come as a surprise to hear that it is not the burgers that cause us as much trouble in the fast food stakes but the jumbo sized serve of fries we scoff down with our burgers and soft drink. The thinner the fries, the more oil they absorb which is why a medium size serve of fries clocks in at 370 calories, 20g of fat and 41g of carbs.
CHEEZELS
Potato chips are not so great for us, but when it comes to the snack foods with the highest energy densities, extruded cheese snacks like Cheezels win hands down. A 100g box (remember how light they are) equates to a massive 680 calories, 38g of fat and 70g of carbs — one of the highest of all foods out there and one of the ones best avoided altogether.
SAUSAGE ROLLS AND PIES
A weekend favourite dating back to our school days, pies are not much better but it is the fatty meat and dense pastry in a sneaky sausage roll that gives you almost 500 calories per serve, almost 30g of fat and 48g of carbs.
A very special coffee morning will take place on Saturday, April 22 in Banbridge Old Town Hall.
The event is being held in the memory of Katherine Neill who sadly passed away last August after battling Sarcoma, a rare form of cancer.
The event, is being hosted by Jill Copes, Katherine's best friend, with all money raised going to The Boom Foundation, the only sarcoma charity in Northern Ireland.
Katherine, from Weavers Green, passed away just 13 months after being diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a form of bone and soft tissue cancer. The 18-year-old, who was a pupil at Banbridge Academy, had just received her A Level results.
Following Katherine's death, her parents, Gary and Roisin, set up a JustGiving page to raise money for The Boom Foundation which currently stands at £19,880.
The Boom Foundation was set up in memory of Philip Wilson who lost his battle from sarcoma on 8 March 2013 by his fiancé Leona Rankin. 50% of any money raised by Boom remains in Northern Ireland to be used for the benefit of sarcoma patients in NI, whilst the remaining 50% is sent to Sarcoma UK for vital research.
The coffee morning will run from 10am to 1pm on Saturday, April 22 and if you can't make it along to the coffee morning but would like to make a donation to The Boom Foundation go to: justgiving.com/fundraising/Roisin-neill2.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Share This: Tyrese Congratulates The Rock For Ruining The Fast & Furious Franchise Crystal
Is it just me or is the behind-the-scenes drama of the Fast & Furious franchise starting to become even more entertaining than the actual movies? Or at least more entertaining than 2009's Fast & Furious. (To be fair, anything is more entertaining than that movie.)
On Wednesday (October 4), Universal Pictures announced that Fast 9 had been pushed back a year to April 2020. Fans across the globe were understandably upset, but no one was more furious than actor Tyrese Gibson, who's been part of the franchise since 2003's 2 Fast 2 Furious.
In a lengthy Instagram post, Gibson called out producer-star Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for holding up production on the ninth instalment. And it's truly incredible. Not only does he “congratulate” The Rock for making the franchise about him, but he also takes a dig at Baywatch, Johnson's summer flop. This is honestly better than that time Johnson called an unnamed costar, who may or may not have been franchise star Vin Diesel, an unprofessional “candy-ass” on social media.
“Congratulations to @TheRock and your brother in law aka 7 bucks producing partner @hhgarcia41 for making the fast and the furious franchise about YOU,” he wrote. “And like you, DJ even if they call I will not be deleting this post — Gn folks see you in 2020 April #FastFamily right? Nah…. it's about #TeamDewayne #3yrs will it be worth the wait? #NoShaw just Hobbs will this be another #BayWatch? Guy guys just relax I'm just a passionate film critic.”
Problems between the two first emerged last month when Gibson publicly pleaded with his costar on social media to not move forward with the rumoured spin-off that will focus on Johnson's Fast character, Luke Hobbs, and Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw. Gibson's comment on Johnson's Instagram has since been deleted, but it looks like The Rock is back to ignoring his brother's calls and texts. Yikes.
While it's arguably a bummer that fans have to wait another year for Fast 8, getting a Hobbs-centric film in return feels like a fair trade. At this point, it's clear that the Fast familia could use some time apart.
Recently, Michelle Rodriguez threatened to leave the Fast & Furiousfranchise if they didn't “show love to the women” in Fast 9.
GUYS, CAN'T YOU ALL JUST GET ALONG?! YOU JUST HAVE TO REMAIN CIVIL FOR TWO MORE MOVIES. BABY BRIAN DOES NOT DESERVE TO BE RAISED IN A HOSTILE HOME LIKE THIS.
SOCHI, Russia May 3 President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday after talks with his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan that a Russian import ban on Turkish tomatoes would stay in place for now because time was needed to lift it.
Putin, speaking at a joint news conference with Erdoğan in the southern Russian resort of Sochi, also said that visa restrictions with Turkey would also remain in place for now. (Reporting by Denis Pinchuk; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Police are appealing for witnesses after a young male and his girlfriend were assaulted at New Street, Randalstown, on Sunday, August 6.
The young male sustained facial injuries and lost consciousness after being assaulted by three unknown males at 1am.
If you were in the vinicity of New Street, Randalstown at 1am please contact Police at Antrim on 101 quoting Police Ref 1074 07/08/17
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have sent out a warning message after catching a driver sending an EMAIL while heading along the M1.
Officers pulled over a van driver suspected of using his phone on the motorway - only to find he was trying to work and commute at the same time.
The driver told officers he was "sending an email to work" when nabbed near Junction 23 yesterday morning, Thursday, February 1.
A post from the Tactical Roads Policing Team covering Leicestershire said: "Van stopped on the M1 motorway this morning in @leicspolice area near to Shepshed.
"Driver using mobile phone whilst driving. Stated he was sending an email to work! Driver reported."
Motorists caught using their phones behind the wheel can be fined £200 and given six penalty points.
For drivers who have had their licence for less than two years this can see them face a ban.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
According to a new market report published by Credence Research “Global Transportation Fuels Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023,” the Global Transportation Fuels Market is expected to reach US$ 719.1 Bn by 2023, expanding at a CAGR of 3.7% during the forecast period 2016 to 2023.
Market Insights
Transportation fuels are widely used in vehicles to generate energy. Crude oil is processes to prepare the transportation fuels such as gasoline, diesel, and aviation turbine fuel. Transportation fuels include gasoline, diesel, biofuels, aviation turbine fuel, etc. Global transportation industry is emerging at rapid pace with growing international trade along with increasing transportation services such as railway, aviation, shipping, road, etc which in turn is driving the demand for transportation fuels across the globe.
Browse the full Global Transportation Fuels Market – Growth, Future Prospects, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast 2016 – 2023 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/transportation-fuels-market
Transportation Fuels market is expected to gain moderate growth over the forecast period by virtue of growing demand for shipping, airlines and road transportation services for the transportation of various products across the globe. Moreover, increasing population and growth in transportation infrastructure is anticipated to augment the growth of transportation fuel across the globe. Rapid growth in number of automobiles on roads due to growth in per capita income and easy financing options is also expected to fuel the demand for transportation fuels over the forecast period (2016-2023). However, stringent government policies over the emission of greenhouse gases coupled with various government initiatives to promote alternative energy sources such as solar, wind is expected to hamper the growth of transportation fuels market during the forecast period (2016-2023).
Competitive Insights:
Global transportation fuels market is segmented on the basis of fuel type and geography. By fuel type, gasoline segment is projected to be the most dominant segment with over 1.2 billion vehicles on the road using gasoline as a fuel for energy source worldwide. However, various government policies such as blending of ethanol with gasoline is expected hamper the consumption of gasoline over the forecast period (2016-2023). Followed by it, diesel is expected to be the second largest and most popular segment due to increasing number of diesel driven vehicle, low greenhouse gases emission properties along with cheap prices as compared to gasoline is anticipated to augment the growth of the segment over the forecast period (2016-2023).
The key players in the market are focusing on increasing their market penetration through mergers and acquisitions of small players. Leading players in the transportation fuels market are also investing in technology to optimize their process and reduce their cost.
Overall, global transportation fuels market is projected to register moderate growth over the forecast period (2016-2023).
Key Trends:
• Merger & Acquisition
• Investment in research and development
Request Sample: http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/58234
ToC:
1. Preface
1.1. Report Scope and Description
1.2. Research Methodology
1.2.1. Phase I-Secondary Research
1.2.2. Phase II-Primary Research
1.2.3. Phase II-Expert Panel Review
1.2.4. Assumptions
1.2.5. Approach Adopted
2. Executive Summary
2.1. Global Transportation Fuels Market Snapshot
2.1.1. Global Transportation Fuels Market by Fuel Type, 2016
2.1.2. Global Transportation Fuels Market by Geography, 2016
2.1.3. Market Drivers, Challenges and Trends
3. Market Dynamics
3.1. Market Overview
3.2. Value Chain Analysis
3.3. Drivers
3.4. Challenges
3.5. Future Prospects
3.6. Impact Analysis of Drivers and Challenges…
Request For Customization: http://www.credenceresearch.com/request-for-customization/58234
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429,
SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
Rugby-Smith to captain Barrett trio against Samoa
AUCKLAND, June 15 The Barrett brothers are set to become the first trio of siblings to play in the same test for New Zealand after being named in the All Blacks squad to play Samoa at Eden Park on Friday.
- Above is a promo for this week's WWE SmackDown with General Manager Daniel Bryan returning to deal with the fallout from last week's attack from Sami Zayn and Kevin Owens' to Shane McMahon.
- Michael Cole announced a sold out crowd of 16,167 fans in attendance for tonight's WWE RAW from the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. WWE rarely announces weekly RAW attendance on TV.
- The fifth annual Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal was confirmed for WrestleMania 34 on tonight's RAW as Scott Dawson & Dash Wilder declared that they will be the first tag team in history to win the match. Below is video from that announcement, which took place during a post-match interview with Charly Caruso after The Revival defeated Titus Worldwide:
For Sonoma County immigrants participating in the federal Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, Thursday's final renewal deadline came and went with a sense of uncertainty, but also hope.
Across the country, 77 percent, or 118,000, of the 154,000 DACA recipients eligible for a two-year renewal applied for the Obama-era program, which shielded from deportation undocumented immigrants who were brought into the United States as children. That's a fraction of the country's 800,000 DACA youth.
In Sonoma County, that renewal period ending Thursday benefited only an estimated 430 of the county's roughly 3,000 DACA youth.
The program, which President Trump ended Sept. 5, allowed participants to legally work, obtain driver's licenses, serve in the military and more easily pursue a higher education.
Unless Congress steps in to resurrect DACA, the vast majority of DACA youth in Sonoma County are facing a return to their prior status. Among those not eligible to apply for an extension is Omar Santiago, the 22-year-old president of Sonoma State University's UndocuScholars Coalition, who first applied for protected status on his 18th birthday, March 9, 2013. After two renewals, his DACA protections end March 2019.
“I am feeling determined,” he said. “I'm always hopeful, for sure, as long as I can breathe, I can do something for my community.”
He feels uncertain about the future, too, and like other DACA recipients, hopeful that with the program's discontinuation, Congress could create a better path to citizenship for people like him.
“A lot of people are actually going and emailing their congressmen, their representatives,” he said. “That's the idea going on right now, so people are really, you know, pushing for (a path).”
Santiago came to the United States from Mexico at the age of 5, sitting alongside his younger brothers in the backseat of a car driven by people pretending to be his parents. His real parents, meanwhile, made the long, dangerous crossing through the desert.
But that's all he knows. They don't like to talk about it, he said.
For now, Santiago is focused on the future. A history major, he hopes to attend graduate school after leaving Sonoma State.
“I'm going to keep on fighting,” he said. “And I know that I have allies with me, people that recognize my struggles and the struggles of other undocumented people ... If you stick together, anything is possible.”
Bay Area immigration attorney Christopher Kerosky pointed out that President Trump's 2-year renewal period for DACA youth only applied to a small number of DACA recipients.
When Trump announced on Sept. 5 he was eliminating the program, he gave those whose DACA expired by March 5, 2018 the opportunity to renew. However, those eligible had to renew by Thursday, Oct. 5.
All other DACA participants — about 2,500 youth in Sonoma County, according to rough estimates — could not extend their protections. Trump challenged Congress to craft a legislative solution for DACA youth.
“I think there's a lot of desperation,” said Kerosky.
“You're talking about people who have been integrated in our society for the last several years, which means that many of them have jobs in back offices, in high tech, in other office jobs that have relatively high salaries.”
Some of them work for the government, he said. “And all of them will lose their position unless there's a Congressional solution within the next few months,” Kerosky said.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
A image taken from space reveals a well-lit New Zealand by night, even in some of the smaller rural towns.
NASA has released a map of the Earth at night, the first time since 2012, using newly improved, high-resolution graphics.
The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) used is able to capture night-time shots at an unprecedented resolution, according to ScienceAlert.
It is able to detect protons of light in 22 wavelengths.
On the New Zealand image, the snow-capped Southern Alps can be seen, and lights shining bright in some rural areas.
Italy is particularly recognisable lit up at night, but it's the Nile in this image that is fascinating as a vast amount of lights makes the river visible snaking through Egypt.
Japan can be seen slightly to the right of this image, and next to it are the bright lights of South Korea.
North Korea, however, is in darkness, the borderline very apparent.
North Korea has previously admitted that it has had problems getting enough electricity, with Kim Jong-un telling the nation's citizens to work hard to restore the country's electricity in a 2015 speech.
Resting beside a dark Atlantic Ocean is the East Coast of the United States. No surprises the lights of New York, the city that never sleeps, burn brightly.
The newly released images will help scientists plot population patterns, energy demand and study expansion of cities.
- NZ Herald
Rizvi missed out on the gold by 0.2 points to Russia's Artem Chernousov. Samuil Donkov of Bulgaria settled for the bronze medal.
In the 24-shot final, Rizvi went into the final shot just 0.2 adrift of the Russian, but both shot identical scores of 10.0 to ensure the order remained intact. Chernousov finished with a score of 240.0 and Shahzar shot 239.8.
Bulgarian Donkov won the bronze medal after the 22nd shot on a score of 217.1.
The men's 10m Air Pistol saw a many a big name fall by the wayside in the 87-strong qualification field.
Rizvi shot a score of 582 out of 600 to make it to the eight-man final in sixth place. Teammates Om Prakash Mitharval and Jitu Rai finished 11th and 38th with scores of 581 and 575, respectively.
Olympic champion Xuan Vinh Hoang of Vietnam also shot 575 to bow out in 37th place.
Meanwhile, in men's Trap, India's Manavjit Singh Sandhu shot 117 out of 125 in qualification to be the best Indian finisher in 24th spot while Kynan Chenai shot 115 to end in 36th place. Zoravar Singh Sandhu was further back in 41st with a score of 114.
With Rizvi's silver, India have got onto the board at the Changwon International Shooting Centre with eight more finals left to play over the next five competition days. For SPORTS News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
World record holder Shahzar Rizvi had to narrowly settle for the silver medal in the men's 10 metre Air Pistol at the year's second ISSF World Cup Rifle/Pistol/Shotgun stage here on Tuesday.
Share This: Dreaming Of A Who Holiday? Space Has You Covered With Our Christmas With The Doctor Marathon Corrina
Xmas Special Airs December 25 9e 6p Stream 9 Seasons on CraveTV
This year, time and space are aligning for the perfect holiday tradition: a Christmas Day marathon screening of Season Ten of Doctor Who. Twelve episodes, the Twelfth Doctor, Twelve Days of Christmas—what could be better? We'll tell you: following it all up with the premiere of the annual Doctor Who Christmas Special, “Twice Upon a Time.”
Clearly, you've all been very good—much like this season of Doctor Who. The countdown to the Christmas Day marathon is on, until then we're reminiscing, episode by episode, about Peter Capaldi's final season of as the Doctor (with GIFs, naturally).
“The Pilot”
In which we met the Doctor's newest companion, Bill, and Bill met the Doctor's oldest companion, the TARDIS.
“Smile”
Trying to indoctrinate an apathetic teenager into the magical world of Whom? Show them “Smile,” the episode written in their language (emoji, FYI).
“Thin Ice”
This season of Who didn't shy away from issues like politics, sexism, and the whitewashing of history. In “Thin Ice” the Doctor deals with the above in a very un-Doctorlike way. We loved it.
Knock Knock
You're going to look at your Christmas tree a little differently after witnessing the horrors that come out of the woodwork in this episode.
“Oxygen”
Thank heavens for Bill's sense of humour. Without it, this might be one of the saddest episodes of Who ever written. The huge sacrifice the Doctor makes for his new companion is incredibly moving. Pro tip: ask Santa to put a new handkerchief in your stocking.
“Extremis”
“Trust” and “Missy” aren't two words typically used in the same sentence but this season was all about the Doctor's relationship with his oldest frenemy: the Time Lord known as The Master/Missy. It was an emotional rollercoaster.
“The Pyramid at the End of the World”
The fate of the world is in the ultimate catch-22 position: accept certain annihilation or accept an alien race called the Monks as the new rulers of Earth. Can the Doctor tip the scales in humanity's favour? Of course he can, it's just that the price is too big to pay.
“The Lie of the Land”
The second half of this two-part episode sees the Doctor fake us (and Bill) out with a fake regeneration. Hands up if your heart stopped when you first saw this episode.
“Empress of Mars”
Fun Fact: Mark Gatiss wrote this British military-themed episode of Doctor Who. Mark Gatiss will also have a big role in the Christmas Special as a British WWI-era military man called The Captain.
“The Eaters of Light”
It's so cool when Doctor Who decides to tackle one of history's great mysteries with a theory involving aliens and extraterrestrial forces. This time, they solve the disappearance of the Ninth Legion of the Imperial Roman army.
“World Enough and Time”
Things got very dark in the penultimate episode of Season Ten of Doctor Who. Like Danny Pink before her, Bill gets Cyber'd, a previously un-reversible process that's going to take a miracle (like love, awww) to fix.
“The Doctor Falls”
Just when we thought we could count on Missy, a previous incarnation of her Time Lord self shows up to confuse us. Missy never swung completely over to the side of good, but we find out in the end that she wasn't all bad either.
“Twice Upon a Time”
Are you ready to say goodbye to Twelve? Here's where that handkerchief is going to come in handy again.
The Doctor Who Marathon begins Christmas Day at 8:30am on Space and runs all day until the debut of your favourite holiday tradition, the Doctor Who Christmas Special. Catch “Twice Upon A Time” (for the first time) at 9e 6p. Check out the promo below.
New kitchen aid grill accessory to save time, effort and money in cooking
11
Contact
Alexandru Simionescu
***@geniesmart.com Alexandru Simionescu
End
-- Genie's Mart site, announcing their new meat tenderizer release designed for a greater cooking experience. This tool provides a clean and elegant solution for preparing any kind meat chops weather you are in your home kitchen, preparing a BBQ, or traveling. Also is meant to be used by restaurants and hotels alike.Is made from ABS plastic and 48 very sharp Stainless steel needles, FDA approved, being durable, easy to clean and store, portable with 5.9 * 1.3 * 4.3 inches. Genie's Mart meat tenderizer replaces with success the old noisy hammer and mallet tool that splashes blood and remnants allover.No noisy, time consuming and dirty "beating the meat" solution like Rocky did in his famous boxing movies, shed a new light on kitchen experience. Preparing the meal now is possible with just one gentle push and the needles penetrate easily the meat chops. Thus creates tinny channels in the meat where the heat penetrates easily reducing overcooking. Using meat tenderizer leads to 40% less cooking time and hundreds of time increasing marinades absorption.An interesting fact according to Genie's Mart site http://geniesmart.com/ meat tenderizer investment leverages further in the kitchen related prices. Is no need to buy only good looking meats but now one can rely on less expensive one. No matter how meat chops are cut, even or uneven, the 48 razor sharp needles penetrate it without damaging the meat aspect or collagen fibers. If the meat chop is very thick is enough to use Genie's Mart meat tenderize https://www.amazon.com/ Meat-Tenderizer- Cleaning-Brush- acc... on both sides. The result of using this steak tenderizer is a luxury meal in aspect preventing shrinkage, preserving from its flavor and juicy with no need for noise and cleaning afterwards.
Augusta, GA (WJBF) – The holiday season calls for holiday parties, as Mayor Hardie Davis celebrates for the third year in a row!
As this year's holiday gathering took place at the mayors office, city employees alongside residents new and old stopped by to discuss any concerns or questions about the city's future.
“It's an open house for our community partners, business owners, citizens from all across Augusta to have an opportunity to the mayors office and have some light refreshments on today,” said Mayor Hardie Davis Jr., Augusta.
New business owners also spoke with us about why they came to the gathering.
“To get to meet the mayor and also opportunity and also to let him know that we are trying to become a staple in the community and help stimulate the local economy,” said Johnny Guillory, Co-Owner “Me2U” delivery April 2018.
Johnny Guillory along with his wife are new business owners of “Me2U” delivery that will be moving to the area in the beginning of 2018.
“On demand delivery business, we delivery anything, anytime, any place, within reason,” said Johnny Guillory, Co-Owner “Me2U” delivery April 2018.
But before he makes his big move, he wanted to meet the mayor to get a little advice.
“Continue to buckle down, keep driving forward, and hard work, that's all I've been hearing, hard work and dedication,” said Johnny Guillory, Co-Owner “Me2U” delivery April 2018.
“…This is just another way for us to say thank you to the city of Augusta,” said Mayor Hardie Davis Jr., Augusta.
“Very interesting people I've met already, good conversation s, and good networking,” said Johnny Guillory, Co-Owner “Me2U” delivery April 2018.
Mayor Hardie Davis says this maybe the third annual open house holiday gathering but he hopes to have many more in the future.
“Again this is the peoples office and we want them to know that not only do we care but we're expecting a phenomenal holiday season, and merry Christmas to all of our citizens their families,” said Mayor Hardie Davis Jr., Augusta.
If you couldn't make the gathering today, no worries, give the Mayor's Office a call with any additional concerns you may have.
Multiple law enforcement agencies are working a riot at a state prison in Edgefield County.
A spokesperson with the Edgefield County Sheriff's Office confirmed that a riot is happening at the Trenton Correctional Institute.
Details are limited at this time. FOX 54 will provide updates as soon as more information becomes available.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved
The Irish Show Jumping team will get their 2018 Nations Cup campaign underway in a fortnight's time, with a double bill of action on the same weekend at Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates and Ocala in Florida, USA.
The five-star Longines FEI Nations Cup of the United Arab Emirates takes place in Abu Dhabi on Saturday February 17th, where Taylor Vard will be Ireland's Chef d'Equipe.
The Irish squad for the Abu Dhabi Nations Cup is as follows:
Shane Breen with Laith,
Anthony Condon and Zira VH Kapelhof Z,
Cameron Hanley with Quirex,
Paul Kennedy and Cartown Danger Mouse (ISH),
David Simpson with Keoki.
The Ocala five-star Longines FEI Nations Cup in Florida takes place 24 hours later on Sunday February 18th, with Irish Development team manager Michael Blake hoping to repeat the victory his team achieved at the same venue in 2017.
The Irish squad for the Ocala Nations Cup is as follows:
Daniel Coyle with Cita or Grafton,
Cian O'Connor and Clenur,
Darragh Kenny with Go Easy De Muze,
Paul O'Shea and Skara Glen's Machu Picchu,
Shane Sweetnam with Chaqui Z.
The 2018 Longines FEI Jumping Nations Cup series features 13 qualifiers on three continents. While Ireland will compete at several venues outside Europe during the season, their points-scoring outings will be in Europe Division 1 where they are among 10 teams gunning for glory. Alongside defending champions from The Netherlands, Ireland will be joined by France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and Sweden, along with Belgium and Britain – the two top finishing teams in Division 2 last year.
The majority of the qualifiers will this year take place on Sunday afternoons for maximum audience reach, both onsite and on TV, but the Aga Khan Nations Cup in Dublin – the last of the eight Europe Division 1 qualifiers – will retain its traditional Friday slot on August 10th.
All Division 1 countries will be allocated five events in 2018 at which they can collect qualifying points for the Final, with all five results counting. Confirmation of Ireland's five allocated events in Europe for 2018 is expected from the FEI in the coming weeks.
The series will culminate in the Longines FEI Jumping Nations Cup 2018 Final at the Real Club de Polo in Barcelona in October, where up to 20 of the world's best show jumping teams will go head-to-head.
(The author is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are her own.)
By Cheryl Lu-Lien Tan
NEW YORK, April 12 Sally Forster Jones has sold about $4 billion of luxury real estate in Southern California in her nearly 40-year career, but she credits her success to hard work and thrift rather than an opulent lifestyle.
The president of Aaroe International Luxury Properties in Beverly Hills said her parents, Polish Holocaust survivors, always instilled in her the importance of saving and investing in real estate. The family immigrated to the United States from Germany, where Forster Jones had been born in a displaced persons camp.
In 2011, she helped broker the $85 million sale of a 123-room house in Los Angeles that had been built by the late TV producer Aaron Spelling. The initial listing of $150 million set a record at the time.
Forster Jones recently shared some of the lessons she has learned and is passing on to her six children and 12 grandchildren.
Q: What did you learn about money from your parents?
A: My parents came to the United States as immigrants, and they taught me to save and invest. They worked very hard and saved every dollar that wasn't spent on food or rent. They invested in multifamily properties, and we would live in one unit and rent out the rest.
I moved around a lot growing up, as my parents bought and sold various properties. I was 12 when I ate out at a restaurant for the first time. We didn't have much, but I never felt deprived, and I was motivated to work hard and strive for something greater.
Q: What has running your own group and business taught you about finances?
A: It is so easy to spend and get carried away. It is important to have budgets and stick to them. Know your bottom line, and create a solid business plan.
Q: How did you get the right team in place to help achieve your financial goals?
A: I have a knack for understanding people. Residential real estate is a people-oriented business, so my ability to read and understand people have ultimately helped me to hire and pull together the best team possible.
You have to surround yourself with the smartest and most talented people. Having a great team and being able to delegate really allowed me to grow my business and ultimately achieve my financial goals.
Q: Have there been mistakes that you've learned from?
A: I passed on purchasing a home once, and for years I avoided driving down the street because I was still upset about the missed opportunity. But you have to be willing to let go of those regrets and move on to new and better opportunities.
Q: How do you give back?
A: It is so important to give back to the community, with both money and time. I give to charities and causes ... but I also think it's incredibly important to give back by sharing your experience and mentoring others who are new to the business or just starting out.
Q: What lessons do you try to pass down to your children and grandchildren?
A: It was very important to me that my kids understood the value of money. They grew up with a lot more than I did, but I always made them work for their allowances, budget, and save for special purchases.
I taught them to have a good work ethic and to not take anything, including money, for granted. I'm proud of all of my kids because they all really do have good values and strong work ethics, and I see that they are passing that on to their families as well. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Lisa Von Ahn)
After a valley woman claimed to be robbed while selling Girl Scout cookies, discrepancies in her story were found in a FOX5 investigation.
In March, FOX5 received a screenshot of a Facebook post. The post was sent from a private Girl Scout group. It said a mom and her daughter had been selling Girl Scout cookies all day when they were robbed at gunpoint and the mom was pistol-whipped.
The Girl Scouts group said they were were horrified and were doing everything they could to take care of the mom who had been injured. Troop leader Brittney Dancer said she was heartbroken that something had happened to one of their girls and the girl's mom.
The mother, Amber, did not want to reveal her last name, nor show her face for an on camera interview.
Amber said on Friday, Feb. 23 she and her six-year-old daughter were almost finished upselling cookies when they decided to make one more sale.
"He pulled in front of our car, he got out and came around. Instead of asking for cookies, he stuck a metal object in my side, I assume it was a gun," she said.
Amber said the armed robbery happened in front of Pinecrest Academy near Cactus Avenue and Maryland Parkway.
"He asked for my purse and the box that had the Girl Scout money in it and I offered him my purse and my passwords. And I said 'just please leave the girls money alone.'"
She described her assailant as either Hispanic or African American and standing about 5-foot-10.
Amber said he then hit her in the face with a gun and she fell back. She said her daughter was in the backseat while this all happened.
"He hit me very hard," she said. "I was in shock and I fell back I did not want to scare my daughter," she said. She did not say that she yelled anything during the robbery.
Amber said her daughter was in the backseat with headphones on and missed the entire altercation. She said the suspect got away with $2,200, which meant Amber and her daughter had sold about 400 boxes of cookies.
"My daughter was in the backseat she had headphones on, she was watching YouTube, it was her reward for working so hard. She was oblivious to the entire situation," she said.
Amber said after the attack, she went straight home to check on her son. She said after the man had her wallet, and driver's license with her address, she just wanted to get home to make sure he was okay.
Amber said she had to pay the Girl Scouts back the $2,200 out of pocket, which is different than what the Girl Scouts said. The Girl Scouts said their insurance would be covering the cost of the cookies because of what happened and that Amber had not paid them anything.
FOX5 called Amber to clarify. "Oh I am sorry, I meant I paid the remaining balance," she said.
That wasn't the only discrepancy in Amber's story. The Girl Scouts also said the robbery happened at a gas station on Cactus and said an officer had responded after Amber called 911.
Neither Henderson Police nor Las Vegas Metropolitan police had any record of that 911 call.
"The only thing I know is someone goes actually I said 'I am leaving to get my son' and she said 'I'm calling 911' that's all I know," she said.
To clarify, Amber said a woman saw the altercation and called 911 for her. Police could not locate that 911 call or any witness statements corroborating Amber's story.
FOX5 also tried to corroborate Amber's story by calling the gas station where Amber said the attack happened by Pinecrest. Henderson and Metro police said no report had been filed. Henderson police also commented Amber first called them them three days after FOX5 began investigating.
Henderson police said they could not comment while they were investigating.
During a second interview with her, FOX5 asked Amber if her wallet had been stolen and if she had been driving without a license.
"They threw my wallet out and someone came and put my license under my doormat," she said.
About a month after that, Henderson Police closed their case. Investigators said Amber refused to come in for interviews, and they said they viewed videos from the day of the robbery and found nothing. According to the police report, when investigators confronted her about the inconsistencies she told them she couldn't remember where she was robbed.
FOX5 reached out to the Girl Scouts to check the status and the group organization released this statement: "We've been working with Amber to collect the funds from the Cookie season and look forward to her girl growing in confidence with Girl Scouts."
Henderson police did not want to be interviewed about this story but said no further charges were expected.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ATLANTA (AP) – Dansby Swanson hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves, boosted by Freddie Freeman's two home runs, beat the San Diego Padres 5-4 Monday night for a four-game sweep in their first series at SunTrust Park.
Swanson's bases-loaded hit fell just in front of diving left fielder Allen Cordoba. The Braves have followed a five-game losing streak with five straight wins.
Freeman had four hits and drove in three runs. His second homer tied it in the eighth.
Jim Johnson (2-0) pitched the ninth.
Kurt Suzuki hit a one-out single in the Braves ninth off closer Brandon Maurer (0-1). With two outs, pinch runner Chase d'Arnaud advanced to third on Emilio Bonifacio's bloop single in front of Cordoba's dive.
An intentional walk to Ender Inciarte loaded the bases for Swanson, whose first career game-ending hit again fell beyond the reach of a charging Cordoba.
Weinstein Co. files for bankruptcy protection
hello
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, 2018, directed the state's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- The Weinstein Co. has filed for bankruptcy protection with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein.
The company also announced on Monday that it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from any non-disclosure agreement that would prevent them from speaking out.
In a statement, the company says it "expressly releases any confidentiality provision" to the extent that it has prevented anyone who "suffered or witnessed" any form of misconduct by Weinstein from telling their stories.
The Weinstein Co. says it has entered into a sale agreement with Lantern Capital Partners, subject to approval by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware.
Male rats exposed to very high levels of the kind of radiation emitted by mobile phones developed tumors in the tissues around their hearts, according to a draft report by US government researchers on the potential health risks of the devices.
Female rats and mice exposed in the same way did not develop tumors, according to the preliminary report from the US National Toxicology Program (NTP), a part of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
The findings add to years of research meant to help settle the debate over whether cellphone radiation is harmful.
However, NTP scientists and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) were quick to say the findings could not be extrapolated to humans and that current safety limits on mobile phone radiation are protective.
The 10-year, $25 million studies - the most comprehensive assessments of health effects and exposure to radiofrequency radiation in rats and mice to date - do raise new questions about exposure to the ubiquitous devices.
In the studies, about six per cent of male rats whose entire bodies were exposed to the highest level of mobile phone radiation developed schwannomas - a rare type of tumor - in nerve tissue near their hearts, while there were no schwannomas in animals that were not exposed to radiation.
“The intriguing part of this is the kind of tumors we saw were similar to tumors noted for quite some time in some epidemiological studies in heavy-duty cellphone users,” John Bucher, a senior scientist with NTP, said in a telephone interview. “Of course, these were in the nerves in the ear and next to the brain, but the tumor types were the same as we saw in the heart.”
Dr Otis Brawley, chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society, noted that the studies were negative for common tumors.
“These draft reports are bound to create a lot of concern, but in fact they won't change what I tell people: the evidence for an association between cellphones and cancer is weak, and so far, we have not seen a higher cancer risk in people,” he said in a statement on Twitter.
Brawley said if mobile phone users are concerned about this data in animals they should wear an earpiece.
Unlike ionizing radiation such as that from gamma rays, radon and X-rays, which can break chemical bonds in the body and are known to cause cancer, radiofrequency devices such as cellphones and microwaves emit radiofrequency energy, a form of non-ionizing radiation.
The concern with this type of radiation is that it produces energy in the form of heat, and frequent exposure against the skin could alter brain cell activity, as some studies have suggested.
In the NTP study, rats and mice were exposed to higher levels of radiation for longer periods of time than what people experience with even the highest level of mobile phone use, and their entire bodies were exposed all at once, according to the draft report.
Mobile phones typically emit lower levels of radiation than maximum levels allowed, the draft report said.
NTP, a part of the National Institutes of Health, will hold an external expert review of its complete findings from these rodent studies on March 26-28th.
Dr Jeffrey Shuren, head of the FDA's radiological health division, said there is not enough evidence to say mobile phone use poses health risks to people.
“Even with frequent daily use by the vast majority of adults, we have not seen an increase in events like brain tumors,” he said in a statement. “We believe the current safety limits for cellphones are acceptable for protecting the public health.”
Nevertheless, the findings are potentially a concern for device makers, especially the world's three biggest smartphone sellers, Apple Inc, Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and China's Huawei Technologies.
The CTIA, the trade association representing AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications Inc, Apple Inc, Sprint Corp, DISH Network Corp, and others, said on Friday that previous studies have shown mobile phone RF energy emissions have no known heath risks.
“We understand that the NTP draft reports for its mice and rat studies will be put out for comment and peer review so that their significance can be assessed,” the group said.
Samsung and Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment. – Reuters
The Treasury Department's Office of Intelligence and Analysis has been illegally rifling through and filing away the private financial records of US citizens, Treasury employees alleged. “This is such an invasion of privacy,” said one official.
The intelligence division at the Treasury Department has repeatedly and systematically violated domestic surveillance laws by snooping on the private financial records of US citizens and companies, according to government sources. Over the past year, at least a dozen employees in another branch of the Treasury Department, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, have warned officials and Congress that US citizens' and residents' banking and financial data has been illegally searched and stored. And the breach, some sources said, extended to other intelligence agencies, such as the National Security Agency, whose officers used the Treasury's intelligence division as an illegal back door to gain access to American citizens' financial records. The NSA did not respond to requests for comment. In response to questions from BuzzFeed News, the Treasury Department's Office of the Inspector General said it has launched a review of the issue. Rich Delmar, a lawyer in that office, offered no further comment. A Treasury Department spokesperson said the department's various branches “operate in a manner consistent with applicable legal authorities.” But a senior Treasury official, who is not authorized to speak on the matter so requested anonymity, did not mince words: “This is domestic spying.”
Sources said the spying had been going on under President Barack Obama, but the Donald Trump appointees who now control how the department conducts intelligence operations are Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Sigal Mandelker. At issue is the collection and dissemination of information from a vast database of mostly US citizens' banking and financial records that banks turn over to the government each day. Banks and other financial institutions are required, under the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, to report suspicious transactions and cash transactions over $10,000. The database is maintained by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN, a bank regulator charged with combatting money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes. Under the law, it has unfettered powers to peruse and retain the data. In contrast to FinCEN, Treasury's intelligence division, known as the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, or OIA, is charged with monitoring suspicious financial activity that occurs outside the US. Under a seminal Reagan-era executive order, a line runs through the Treasury Department and all other federal agencies separating law enforcement, which targets domestic crimes, from intelligence agencies, which focus on foreign threats and can surveil US citizens only in limited ways and by following stringent guidelines. FinCEN officials have accused their counterparts at OIA, an intelligence unit, of violating this separation by illegally collecting and retaining domestic financial information from the banking database. Some sources have also charged that OIA analysts have, in a further legal breach, been calling up financial institutions to make inquiries about individual bank accounts and transactions involving US citizens. Sources said the banks have complied with the requests because they are under the impression they are giving the information to FinCEN, which they are required to do. One source recalled an instance from 2016 in which OIA personnel, inserting themselves into a domestic money-laundering case, sought information from a Delaware financial institution. In other cases, according to a second source, FinCEN gave OIA reports with the names of US citizens and companies blacked out. OIA obtained those names by calling the banks, then used those names to search the banking database for more information on those American citizens and firms.
Sources also claimed that OIA has opened a back door to officers from other intelligence agencies throughout the government, including the the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency. Officials from those agencies have been coming to work at OIA for short periods of time, sometimes for as little as a week, and thereby getting unrestricted access to information on US citizens that they otherwise could not collect without strict oversight. “This is such an invasion of privacy,” said another Treasury Department official, who, lacking authorization to speak on the matter, asked not to be named. This person predicted that banks “would lose their minds” if they knew that their customers' records were being used by government intelligence officers who did not have the legal authority to do so. The Defense Intelligence Agency did not respond to a request for comment. CIA spokesman Dean Boyd said, "Suggestions that the Agency may be improperly collecting and retaining US persons data through the mechanisms you described are completely inaccurate." Sources claimed the unauthorized inspection and possession of Americans' financial data have been going on for years but only became controversial in 2016, when officials at FinCEN learned about it and began objecting. Early last year, Treasury's Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, which oversees OIA, proposed transferring much of FinCEN's work to OIA. In a bureaucratic turf war, FinCEN officials objected to the proposal, which would have shifted numerous employees and a portion of FinCEN's budget to OIA. They said the move was illegal without prior approval from Congress.
And they claimed that OIA, because it is part of the US intelligence community, could not legally collect information on US citizens and residents unless it complied with a landmark executive order known as 12333. Signed by President Ronald Reagan and later revised and reissued by President George W. Bush, this order sets the rules for how intelligence agencies can operate. Before any agency can collect, retain, and disseminate intelligence on American citizens, that agency must establish privacy guidelines, and those guidelines, in turn, must be approved by the attorney general after consulting with the director of national intelligence. OIA, which was established in 2004, has never completed this process. Even so, it must follow rules designed to protect the civil rights and privacy of American citizens. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the attorney general declined to comment. Also, sources said, under an agreement between the two branches of Treasury, OIA is allowed to access FinCEN's banking database for specific foreign intelligence purposes. But, these sources said, OIA has been going far beyond those limits, flouting both this agreement and the executive order.
Last summer, FinCEN officials asked to review OIA's guidelines required under the executive order. Instead of being given the guidelines, sources said, they were removed from an email chain about the issue. In September, a high-ranking attorney for the Treasury Department, Paul Ahern, got into a heated exchange at a meeting with at least a half-dozen FinCEN employees. He told them that OIA had the authority to access and use the data because it had preliminary, draft guidelines, according to people with knowledge of the meeting. In fact, more than a month would pass before the guidelines were written, according to a first draft reviewed by BuzzFeed News. To this day, the guidelines have not been finalized. Ahern, sources said, also informed FinCEN officials that OIA had already been collecting information on US citizens. Many FinCEN officials were aghast because they believed that was illegal. A Treasury Department spokesperson declined to make Ahern available for comment, and referred back to the department's statement that all its offices act “in a manner consistent with applicable legal authorities.” The former head of OIA, S. Leslie Ireland, who resigned last year, did not respond to a request for comment. This month, she was named to the board of directors of banking giant Citigroup. The company declined comment.
Some FinCEN officials said they were instructed not to speak to Congress about their domestic spying concerns and other issues. They did anyway. In October of 2016, Rep. Sean Duffy, the chairman of the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, sent a letter to then-Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew asking for OIA's legal authority to collect and retain domestic information. Nearly one year later, the Congressman has yet to receive an answer, according to a committee staffer. Officials at FinCEN said that after they began raising alarms, OIA began shutting them off from classified networks. That lack of access, which BuzzFeed News reported last week, meant FinCEN officials were unable to fully respond to law enforcement agencies during several live terrorist attacks over the last year. It also prevented FinCEN from fully complying with the Senate investigation into possible collusion between Donald Trump's campaign and Russia. ●
Jason Leopold is a senior investigative reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in LA. Recipient: IRE 2016 FOI award; Newseum Institute National Freedom of Information Hall of Fame. PGP fingerprint 46DB 0712 284B 8C6E 40FF 7A1B D3CD 5720 694B 16F0. Contact this reporter at jason.leopold@buzzfeed.com Contact Jason Leopold at jason.leopold@buzzfeed.com. Jessica Garrison is a senior investigative editor for BuzzFeed News and is based in San Francisco. Contact Jessica Garrison at jessica.garrison@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
* Around 15 bln-17 bln riyals of savings identified
* Saudi ready to start value-added tax on Jan. 1
* Will implement even if Gulf neighbors not ready
By David French
WASHINGTON, April 20 The body set up by Saudi Arabia to cut the costs of government projects has identified up to 17 billion riyals ($4.53 billion) in further efficiency savings, the kingdom's finance minister told Reuters on Thursday.
Government sources had told Reuters earlier this week that Riyadh was ordering ministries and agencies to review billions of dollars' worth of unfinished infrastructure and economic development projects with a view to shelving or restructuring them.
The action forms part of a reform plan by the world's top oil exporter aimed at shifting its economy away from reliance on hydrocarbon revenues and paring back support for a generous welfare state to cope with the reduction in crude prices.
Mohammed al-Jadaan said this was the second major effort by the Bureau of Capital and Operational Spending Rationalization since its establishment, after previous efforts highlighted 80 billion riyals of savings in 2016.
"They just were making sure that they (the projects) are done in the most efficient manner. They are about to conclude their work and they have identified about 15 billion riyals or 17 billion riyals of savings so far," Jadaan said, without elaborating on the nature of the savings.
Lower oil prices have left Saudi battling huge budget deficits. The deficit is expected to hit 198 billion riyals or 7.7 percent of GDP this year, after peaking at 367 billion riyals or 15 percent of GDP in 2015.
The introduction of a 5 percent value-added tax should also bolster the Saudi government's coffers. Jadaan said Saudi is "ready and willing to implement" the tax on schedule on Jan. 1, 2018 and it could happen without other Gulf countries.
The six Arab monarchies of the Gulf Cooperation Council are all aiming for an identical start date for the tax, but economists and officials in some countries have said privately that simultaneous introduction may not be feasible.
This is due to the complexity of creating the administrative infrastructure to collect the tax and the difficulty of training companies to comply with it in a region where taxation is minimal.
Austere conditions have weighed on Saudi's economy, which has traditionally been reliant on state spending to fuel growth.
Economists polled by Reuters this week trimmed their average growth forecast for 2017 to just 0.5 percent from 0.8 percent, as Riyadh shoulders much of the burden of oil output cuts under a global deal among producers to prop up prices.
To help bolster the economy, Saudi is preparing a number of mega development projects. The first, an entertainment district south of Riyadh that will house sports, cultural and recreational facilities including a safari and a Six Flags theme park, was unveiled this month.
Jadaan said further schemes would be announced in October, when sovereign wealth fund the Public Investment Fund unveils its strategy.
($1 = 3.7498 Saudi riyals) (Additional Reporting by Reem Shamseddine in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, Andrew Torchia in Dubai; Editing by Tom Brown)
Department of Health holds screening to spread awareness
COLUMBIA - The Columbia/Boone County Department of Public Health and Human Services recognized National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day with a film screening and discussion on the AIDS epidemic in black America Sunday.
The department screened the 2006 documentary "Out of Control: AIDS in Black America." Public Health and Human Services wanted to show the documentary even though it is over 10 years old.
"The reason why we're showing it is it has some pretty drastic statistics about HIV with black Americans, and about 10 years have passed and the statistics have not changed very much," HIV Health Educator Erika Holliday said. "The goal is to talk about why that hasn't changed and what moves we can make as a community to get things going."
According to the Centers for Disease Control, black people accounted for 46.1 percent of the total number of HIV cases in the United States in 2006. In 2015, that number was 45 percent, despite the fact that black people only made up 12 percent of the population.
One of the reasons why these numbers haven't changed, according to the documentary and people attending the screening, is because no one has really wanted to talk about it.
"The problem is we don't talk about this issue because we have medications that are available for people that are living with HIV, so there's a perception that you get this disease and it's a manageable condition," Sheila Grigsby, the founder of Faith Communities United, said. "People are leaving out that this is still a 100 percent preventable disease, that you don't have to get it, and it's based off the choices that you make."
One of those communities is the church community. Grigsby said churches need to do more to spread awareness and to provide support for the people of their church.
"Many congregations have not been that home and been welcoming," Grigsby said. "The first thing I think congregations can and should do is to have an open space or an open place for members of their family who are affected, not necessarily infected but affected that they can come and talk about this issue."
The department said this is one of the reasons the event was held on a Sunday, as opposed to the actual National Black HIV/AIDS Awareness Day, which was Feb. 7.
"[Churches] are very important and popular with the black community," Holliday said. "Especially with church communities, it can start an uprise and be a leader in fighting the HIV epidemic."
THE Commission on Higher Education (CHED) is now accepting nominations for scholarships for graduate studies for academic year 2017-2018.
Public and private higher education institutions can nominate their de-loaded teaching and non-teaching personnel to full local scholarships for master's or doctoral studies, in which P20,000 and P28,000 monthly living allowance will be provided, respectively, apart from the full coverage of tuition and other fees, among others.
CHED chairperson Patricia Licuanan called on college faculty and staff to take advantage of the rare scholarship program.
“We recognize that the implementation of the K-to-12 is taking a toll on enrollment in our institutions, as well as the teaching loads and income of our faculty. Let's focus on turning these challenges into opportunities by upgrading their qualifications and skills and keeping them employed. We enjoin all higher education institutions to explore our scholarships and grants, and work together to address these challenges,” Licuanan said.
The scholarship program is open to displaced teaching and non-teaching personnel as well as those separated from employment from their higher education institution because of the K-to-12 program.
Since the full implementation of the K-to-12 program last year, 3,273 personnel have been displaced from their schools. This is significantly lower than the estimated 9,802. In 2016, 6,357 grants were awarded by CHED to help prevent displacement. For this year, the worst-case scenario projection estimates 12,253 personnel will be displaced.
“While we continue to make significant progress in providing wider access to higher education, we are also making unprecedented investments in our faculty and academic institutions. CHED is equally committed to ensuring that this is access to quality education,” Licuanan said.
She said CHED is also accepting applications for the sectoral engagement grants, in which teaching or non-teaching staff may engage in immersion and extension work in industry, civil society, and government partners to align their instruction with actual field practices.
To date, there are 234 engagements from a total of 118 partners that prospective applicants may choose from.
Grantees from private higher education institutions, and/or non-plantilla faculty of state universities and colleges and local universities and colleges who will take part in full-time engagements will receive a non-taxable financial grant ranging from P22,000 to P40,000 per month.
The deadline for the submission of nominations and applications for the scholarships for graduate studies and the second quarter rollout of the sectoral engagement grants is on March 31, 2017. NEIL A. ALCOBER
By Jim Newell
Review Editor
The Orion Township Fire Department responded to two structure fires this week, and the Oakland County Sheriff's Office is investigating one of the fires as a possible case of arson.
Firefighters battled a fully-engulfed barn fire in the 400 block of Conklin Road early Tuesday morning, and detectives are now investigating the cause.
“Our detectives are working with our arson unit investigators. The initial indicators are that it could be an intentionally set fire that spread to the barn,” said Lt. Dan Toth, commander of the Orion Township Oakland County Sheriff's Office substation.
Anyone who may have seen a suspicious vehicle, individuals or circumstances in the area between 2-4:30 a.m. should contact Det. Tom Bisio with the Orion OCSO at 248-858-5454, Toth said.
Anonymous tips can be made by calling the Arson Control number at 1-800-44-ARSON.
Interim Orion Township Fire Chief John Pender said the fire department received the call of a fire on Conklin Road and dispatched firefighters about 3:30 a.m.
“The barn was fully engulfed when we got there,” Pender said. “A couple of cars, campers were damaged and a shed was affected.”
The fire was a full alarm, with firefighters from Orion's four fire stations responding to the call. The Oxford Fire Department also provided mutual aid and tanker support.
Pender said firefighters had the blaze under control in half-an-hour, and no one was injured in the incident.
The investigation is ongoing and the sheriff's office did not want to release details of the cause of the fire.
Silverbell Road fire
At approximately 9:45pm, Friday, the fire department was dispatched to the report of a residential structure fire in the 100 Block of Silverbell Road, according to an Orion Township Fire Department news release.
Fire crews saw a small, single-story home with moderate smoke and fire on the east side of the structure and immediately began deploying hose lines to the fire and entered the home to search for potential occupants.
No one was home and the fire was brought under control in under 10 minutes.
Damage was limited to the east side of the home and garage area. The fire department remained on scene for a short time to ventilate light smoke from the home and turned the scene over to Oakland County Sheriff Fire Investigation Unit.
It is not known how the fire started.
“You could see the flames from within the Hi Hill subdivision; another few minutes and this fire could've been a lot worse,” Pender said. “Our crews went right to work and did a great job keeping this fire contained to a small area.”
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Cast members Robert De Niro and Edgar Ramirez pose at a photocall for the film 'Hands of stone' out of competition at the 69th Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, France, May 16, 2016. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
Cast member Edgar Ramirez poses at the premiere of 'Point Break' in Hollywood, California December 15, 2015. The movie opens in the U.S. on December 25. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
CARACAS Covering his mouth with a rag, Latin pop star Nacho choked on tear gas at an anti-government protest last month. Mexican actress Salma Hayek praised the protesters' courage. Venezuelan soccer star Salomon Rondon called them "heroes."
A decade ago, the charismatic Hugo Chavez not only persuaded millions to vote for him in Venezuela, he enticed a who's who of Hollywood icons, pop stars and celebrity intellectuals to publicly back his "21st Century Socialism."
But now, with hundreds of thousands of protesters taking to the streets for over a month to decry Venezuela's ravaged economy and falling democratic credentials as leftist President Nicolas Maduro rebuffs calls for early elections, former backers have gone quiet while a new raft of celebrities cheer on anti-government demonstrators.
From Venezuela's best known actor, Edgar Ramirez, to U.S. heavyweight Robert De Niro, messages are streaming in to support the most sustained anti-government unrest since 2014, as the country suffers a major crisis leaving millions struggling with food shortages.
Some 29 people have died and hundreds have been arrested or injured in the near-daily protests.
"How can I stay quiet when it's impossible to be indifferent in the face of so much pain and so many people paying with their lives?" said soccer player Salomon Rondon, who grew up in the low-income hillside Caracas neighbourhood of Catia and now plays in the English Premier League.
"No more repression, no more division, no more violence, no more deaths!"
Still, the growing turmoil has yet to bring any high-profile changes of heart from A-listers ranging from Danny Glover and Sean Penn to Naomi Campbell and Oliver Stone once known for their public pronouncements backing Chavez. Their media representatives did not respond to requests for comment.
And some of the biggest names were less than full-throated in their pro-opposition moves. De Niro, for example, simply appeared in an Instagram posting by Ramirez saying that the pair talked about "nearly nothing else" but Venezuela.
Still, with Venezuela ever more isolated, the influx of high-profile support is encouraging protesters.
"We're grateful for the references and solidarity ... of so many international artists for our beloved Venezuela," said two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles, recently barred from office, after the Latin Billboard awards in which stars dedicated their songs to Venezuela.
"Venezuela, I know you're suffering. There are deaths and that's not okay," said award-winning singer J Balvin from neighbouring Colombia.
However, at least one homegrown star is being lambasted for not speaking out.
World-renowned Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel, who leads the Los Angeles Philharmonic, was attacked by critics who said he was going too soft on the government.
"I want to make a call to political leaders to find the ways necessary to end this crisis," Dudamel said in a video online, his moderate tone prompting one Twitter user to compare him to Herbert von Karajan, the Austrian director of Adolf Hitler's favourite orchestra.
(Additional reporting by Andrew Cawthorne, Corina Pons, Diego Ore, Eyanir Chinea and Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Alexandra Ulmer, Christian Plumb and Leslie Adler)
One of the most beloved actors on NCIS is officially leaving the show.
Pauley Perrette, who portrays Abby Sciuto on the show, confirmed her departure on social media and put to bed some circling rumors.
“So, it is true that I am leaving NCIS after this season. There have been all kinds of false stories as to why (No I do not have a skin care line and no my network and show are not mad at me). It was a decision made last year. I hope everyone will love and enjoy EVERYTHING ABBY not only for the rest of this season, but for everything she has given all of us for 16 years. All the love, all the laughter, all the inspiration… I love her as much as you do.”
Perrette is one of the three remaining original cast members along with Mark Harmon (Leroy Jethro Gibbs) and David McCallum (Donald Mallard). How the show will address the departure – career change, spin-off, or death – remains a mystery.
So it is true that I am leaving NCIS…
There have been all kinds of false rumors as to why (NO I DON'T HAVE A SKIN CARE LINE… pic.twitter.com/gugM2a2ckT — Pauley Perrette (@PauleyP) October 4, 2017
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
LISTED integrated transport solutions provider 2GO Group Inc. said Monday its consolidated net income grew 24 percent to P1.34 billion in 2016 from P1.08 billion in 2015 on the back of sustained revenue growth coupled with improved cost efficiencies.
In a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE), 2GO said operating income grew 40 percent to P2.53 billion last year from P1.81 billion in 2015.
It said operating margin increased to 13 percent from 11 percent in 2015.
Driven primarily by the non-shipping segment, total consolidated revenues last year increased 17 percent year-on-year to P19.28 billion.
Non-shipping revenues jumped 30 percent to P10.32 billion on increased service offerings and improved market share, while the non-shipping business accounted for 54 percent of total revenues, up from 48 percent in 2015.
2GO said shipping revenues grew 6 percent to P8.96 billion due to higher volumes as well as improved vessel turnaround for both large and medium-sized roll-on/roll-off passenger and freight vessels.
Costs and expenses grew by only 15 percent or P16.74 billion on account of cost efficiency measures and due to relatively low fuel prices in 2016, the company said.
Last week, Udenna Corp. expressed intentions to expand its logistics sector in 2GO through its shipping businesses, under the newly appointed 2GO president and chief executive officer Dennis Uy.
Uy is the chairman of Udenna Corp., the parent company of Phoenix Petroleum and Chelsea Logistics Corp. He replaced former 2GO president and CEO Sulficio Tagud, Jr.
with REICELENE N. IGNACIO
STOCKHOLM, March 30 Swedish fashion retailer H&M reported on Thursday a smaller than expected fall in pretax profit for its fiscal first quarter and said it would launch a new separate brand in the second half of the year.
Pretax profit in the December-February period fell to 3.21 billion crowns ($361.5 million) from a year-earlier 3.33 billion, against a mean forecast 2.87 billion seen in a Reuters poll of analysts.
H&M said local-currency sales increased 7 percent year-on-year in the March 1-28 period.
($1 = 8.8786 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom; editing by Niklas Pollard)
JLS singer Aston Merrygold has been unveiled as the eighth celebrity for this year's series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Merrygold, 29, joins a host of other famous faces who are hoping to shake their hips to ballroom glory.
Here is a rundown of the other seven names announced so far who will be joining him on the dance floor:
1. Simon Rimmer
The Sunday Brunch presenter offered a hint of the moves he has in store for fans when the news was announced live on the weekend Channel 4 show.
Rimmer, 54, has presented and cooked on shows across the BBC, ITV, Channel 5 and UKTV - including Tricks Of The Restaurant Trade, Breaking Into Tesco, Eat The Week, Great British Menu and Win It, Cook It.
He has also written five books and owns nine restaurants in the North West of England and another in Dubai.
2. Gemma Atkinson
The former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actress said she is "beyond excited and incredibly nervous" to be joining the line-up.
Atkinson, 32, rose to fame as Lisa Hunter in Channel 4's Hollyoaks and was most recently seen on screen in Emmerdale as Carly Hope.
She has also starred in The Bill, and Waterloo Road and hosts a breakfast radio show on Manchester's Key 103.
3. Ruth Langsford
The daytime television presenter will be swapping the Morning sofa for the Strictly dancefloor.
Apart from co-hosting ITV's This Morning alongside her husband Eamonn Holmes, the 57-year-old is also regularly seen as a panellist on ITV's Loose Women.
She has also presented Channel 5's How The Other Half Lives.
4. Davood Ghadami
EastEnders actor Ghadami has played heartthrob Kush Kazemi in the soap since 2014 and won a TV Choice Award for best newcomer.
The 35-year-old also appeared on The Bill in 2005 and has had other television roles in Doctor Who, Silent Witness, Top Boy and Skins, to name but a few.
He has also extended his repertoire to tread the boards and starred in British playwright Mike Bartlett's 13 at The National Theatre.
5. Joe McFadden
The Scottish actor is best known for his role as Raffaello 'Raf' di Lucca in the medical drama, Holby City.
The Glasgow-born actor, 41, has previously starred in Heartbeat, Take The High Road, The Crow Road and Sex, Chips & Rock 'n' Roll - as well as roles in the West End including Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
6. Rev Richard Coles
The former musician turned vicar will be hoping for salsa success on the dancefloor.
Rev Coles, 55, was previously part of music duo The Communards, who enjoyed success with their song Don't Leave Me This Way in the 1980s.
Most recently he was seen on telly when he co-hosted BBC1's The Big Painting Challenge and was an inspiration for the main character in the hit comedy Rev.
Coles are vicar of St Mary's Church in Finedon, Northamptonshire, and Chancellor of the University of Northampton.
7. Mollie King
The Saturdays singer was the first celebrity to be announced for this series of Strictly.
The 30-year-old launched her solo music career last year with a single titled Back To You.
Talking about the song, she said: "In a band it's sometimes difficult to write about personal experiences because there are a lot of members.
"My solo material is the kind of music that I love, stylistically this is me and I'm saying things that I want to say."
The start date for Strictly Come Dancing has not yet been announced.
Football legend Diego Maradona has slammed FIFA officials, saying England's penalty shootout win over Colombia was a "monumental theft" for the South American side who were knocked out of the Football World Cup yesterday morning.
Diego Armando Maradona reacts during the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Round of 16 match between France and Argentina at Kazan Arena in Russia. Source: Getty
After scores were level at 1-1 after extra time at Spartak Stadium in Moscow – it was England who cemented their spot in the World Cup quarter-finals after winning 4-3 on penalties.
But the outspoken Argentinian claims that the US referee Mark Geiger was biased towards England and said skipper Harry Kane dived for a penalty which earned his side a 1-0 lead in the match.
"I saw a monumental theft. I apologise to all the Colombia people, but they must know the players are not to blame," Maradona told Venezuela TV station Telesur.
Maradona infamously knocked out England at the 1986 World Cup with his 'Hand of God' goal – one of the most controversial act in the tournament's history.
"It is the man who decides who the referee is who is to blame," Maradona said of Pierluigi Collina, the chairman of FIFA's referees committee.
"A man like that (Geiger) should not be put in charge of a game of that magnitude. With all due respect, Pierluigi Collina, as the man who designates the referees, he is very bad. He must apologise to the Colombian people.
"I told (FIFA president) Gianni Infantino that, if I worked for FIFA, I would change everything. It has to be transparent. That's why I didn't go there.
"The referee will know a lot about baseball, but he has no idea about football. The Colombian players asked for VAR (Video Assistant Referee intervention) and he did not give it to them.
"Twice, the English threw themselves to the ground and he did not admonish them. This was theft."
Vic Anselmo is the new chair and Gregory Liu is vice chair of the Workforce Development Board of Ventura County.
Vic Anselmo
Contact
Diane Rumbaugh
***@agency2.com Diane Rumbaugh
End
-- The Workforce Development Board of Ventura County (WDB) recently elected new officers including Vic Anselmo as the new chair and Gregory Liu as vice chair. The County Board of Supervisors also approved the reappointment of Gregory Barnes as a WDB member for a second three-year term at its June 20, 2017 meeting.Anselmo is owner and CEO of Applied Powdercoat, Inc. in Oxnard. "I'm honored to be elected WDB chair," says Anselmo. "WDB's goal is to connect people with the resources that will make them a success. It's for those who are seeking work as well as businesses who are looking for quality employees. Many people are unaware of the free career and business services available to them. The best place to access these services is through the WDB. We plan to recharge our efforts to get the word out. WDB can change lives and businesses. My own company benefited from WDB by taking advantage of employee training funding and guidance that helped the company run more efficiently."WDB Vice-Chair Gregory Liu is owner/CEO of Jaxx Manufacturing, Inc. in Simi Valley and returning board member Gregory Barnes is director of safety and environmental health at Los Robles Medical Center in Thousand Oaks."Our board is strong and committed to our county's employees and employers," says Jim Faul, outgoing WDB board chair. "Vic will guide the board through the opportunities and challenges that come when tasked with growing our county's employer and employment base."Members of the WDB include leaders from business, economic development, education, labor, government and community-based organizations.About the Workforce Development BoardThe Workforce Development Board of Ventura County administers federal funds that help to support America's Job Center of California locations and other free job seeker, youth, and employer programs and services in Ventura County. For more information, call 800-500-7705 or visit http://workforceventuracounty.org
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A JUDGE in the trial of a man accused of murdering a father-of-one who had allegedly been hounding him over an unpaid debt for designer clothes has sent the jury home for the weekend.
Haroon Rafiq, 24, is accused of repeatedly knifing Sajad Hussain and slashing his throat in a “barbaric” attack after they met on August 6 last year.
Judge Philip Parker QC will continue his summing up on Monday after giving the jury legal instructions.
Rafiq said in evidence that he was being threatened with kidnap and violence by Mr Hussain over a bill of more than £44,000 for clothes he had been pressurised to take.
The prosecution say his evidence in court differed markedly from police statements and he took calculating steps to carry out the murder and dispose evidence, including throwing the weapon and his jacket in a river afterwards.
(Image: PA)
Both sides accept Rafiq inflicted the fatal knife wounds on the 40-year-old in Tenby Road, Moseley, where the men were neighbours.
Judge Parker told the jury it would need to weigh up a count of murder against a lesser charge of manslaughter, with no option of a not guilty verdict.
Rafiq, wearing a grey Hugo Boss top, listened attentively in a glass dock as the trial neared its conclusion at Birmingham Crown Court on Friday.
John Butterfield, for the prosecution, said in his closing speech: “He and no one else committed these acts.
"The acts themselves were simply barbaric and speak loud and clear of an intention to kill.
"The sole defence he seeks to run is one of loss of control and yet time and time again so many aspects of what happened that night were the clearest examples of him having retained control.
"Elements are worked through, elements he conceived of and carried out and, one might say, planned and executed. I'm afraid to say there's a sad irony about that last word.
"They are really obvious hallmarks of a man who is wholly, wholly in control of what he was doing.”
Mr Butterfield referred to aspects of Rafiq's story that did not appear in his police interviews, which included evidence he gave in court that the debt and alleged intimidation had made him feel suicidal, but that he felt too ashamed to tell his family about the matter.
Mr Butterfield told the jury: “What he was saying repeatedly made no sense.
“How could it possibly be in his police interviews he gave graphic accounts of slitting a man's throat but he was shy or abashed of saying even once that he had suicidal thoughts?
Mr Butterfield said transcripts of phone conversations, recorded by Mr Hussain, showed no evidence of threats and intimidation.
David Mason, defending, told the jury his client was of previous good character but suggested he had “flipped” under mounting pressure.
Mr Mason said: “What's driven such a man to arm himself with a knife, a lethal weapon, and go into the streets of our city and brutally take the life of another man in this way?”
Rafiq had told of being threatened by Mr Hussain over a debt of more than £44,000, and paying off £7,000 after receiving clothes on seven or eight occasions.
Mr Mason said: “We would suggest what he says about being pressurised, ripped off, extorted, has some validity when you look at the documents we have here.
“This man of limited means appears to have been fighting a never-ending battle.”
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Mr Mason also referred to evidence showing financial pressures on Rafiq, who had said he was unemployed after leaving his warehouse job due to arthritis two months before the incident.
Mr Mason said: “Something utterly horrendous must have been going on in that man's life to make him do what he did that night.
"Something so terrible that he lost it, flipped, had enough, and it's clear, we would say, that he's regretted it every single day.
"That's why he handed himself in and made the confessions that he did to the police. But all of that doesn't make him a murderer.”
The case continues.
Contact
Joe Perri & Associates
***@joeperri.com.au Joe Perri & Associates
End
-- An exciting new working partnership between the Australasian Furnishing Association (AFA) and the Australian Gift and Homewares Association (AGHA) will see the launch of new industry events and an upscaling of existing events across Australia commencing in February 2018.Both organisations are peak industry bodies representing thousands of businesses across Australia and this partnership will provide even more opportunities for members in a very cost-effective environment across a broader audience reach and specific target markets.AFA CEO, Ms Patrizia Torelli, said that the synergies between both organisations and the sharing of resources and capabilities was an exciting development that could be rolled-out across many likeminded industry associations in the near future."We're proud to be partnering with AGHA and sharing their extensive fsbdt inhouse event management capabilities and networks to complement those of our Association. Between us we will launch some of Australia's most exciting events and reboot some old favourites including the relaunch of the iconic 'Furnitex',"Ms Torelli said.AGHA CEO, Wayne Castle, welcomed the partnership."In addition to all the new projects that we will be working on together the relationship will add a new dimension and content to our already successful Gift Fairs. The members of both associations will benefit from the sharing of resources and the extended international promotional opportunities created by the new partnership,"he said.One of the most exciting ventures for the new partnership will be the relaunch of the Australasian Hospitality Industry Exhibition and Conference to be held in Sydney in March 2019 with more details being released in the coming weeks.The partnership will also give a much stronger combined voice on industry matters while increasing the profile and reach of both organisations for the benefit of their members.Briana Healey / AGHAT: 1300 441 384E: briana@agha.com.auJoe Perri /AFAJoe Perri & Associates Pty LtdT: +61 3 9324 0362M: +61 412 112 545
The musician lent his voice to the debate ahead of a key vote on Thursday.
Sir Paul McCartney has urged MEPs to support proposed changes to EU copyright law, which he believes will force online upload platforms to pay songwriters and performers fairly for use of their work.
The former Beatles musician, 76, has written an open letter to MEPs ahead of a key vote in the European Parliament on Thursday.
Sir Paul wrote: “Music and culture matter. They are a heart and soul. But they don't just happen; they demand the hard work of so many people.
EU set to vote on 2 years of work on EU copyright directive. Over 1,000 recording artists – inc @PlacidoDomingo, @JamesBlunt, @cabrelfrancis, @Vienna_Phil, @udolindenberg & now the legend Sir @PaulMcCartney have called on their MEPs. Vote YES (Tomorrow, 12pm CET) #ValueGap 🇪🇺 pic.twitter.com/vE8adCNs4I — IFPI (@IFPI_org) July 4, 2018
“Importantly, music also creates jobs and economic growth and digital innovation across Europe.
“Unfortunately the value gap jeopardises the music ecosystem. We need an internet that is fair and sustainable for all.
“But today some user upload content platforms refuse to compensate artists and all music creators fairly for their work, while they exploit it for their own profit.
“The value gap is that gulf between the value these platforms derive from music and the value they pay creators.”
He added that the proposed legislative changes would assure a sustainable future for the music industry.
He finished the letter by telling MEPs: “You hold in your hands the future of music here in Europe.”
The singer has joined more than 1,300 artists, including Placido Domingo and James Blunt, in calling for politicians to vote for change.
His letter follows the British Phonographic Industry chief executive Geoff Taylor's claim that the future of the next Stormzy and Dua Lipa is at stake.
One of the potential law changes centres around a piece of draft legislation known as Article 13.
It suggests websites can continue to house music videos but must ensure that copyrighted works are not available where a licence has not been agreed for its use.
Mr Taylor said that unless the changes are backed, UK recorded music revenues would remain significantly less than their peak of 20 years ago.
Lobby groups have criticised the proposed changes, saying they risk the future of remixes and memes, typically humorous edits of short videos spread by online users.
Campaigners say that if Article 13 is passed it will prevent free and creative sharing of content on the internet.
Many leading technology figures, including Jimmy Wales, co-founder of online encyclopedia Wikipedia, have also voiced their opposition.
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales is among the technology leaders to oppose Article 13 (Yui Mok/PA)
A spokesman for Google, which owns YouTube, said: “The success of our partners has always been core to our work at YouTube, and to delivering great services for people.
“That's why we have music licensing agreements all over the world, including in Europe.
“Through these agreements, we pay the majority of our revenue to partners, amounting to over a billion dollars for the music industry in the last 12 months.
“We've always believed there's a better way than this proposal, and that innovation and partnership are the keys to a successful, diverse and sustainable creative sector in the EU.
“For both European creators and consumers, it's vital to preserve the principles of linking, sharing and creativity on which so much of the web's success is built.”
© Press Association 2018
Brock Eurchuk and Rachel Staples, whose son Elliot Eurchuk died from an accidental overdose Friday in his Oak Bay home, call for changes to the laws governing youth health care. (Keri Coles/Oak Bay News)
The parents of a Victoria teen who died from an accidental overdose Friday are calling for changes to the laws governing youth health care.
Elliot Eurchuk, 16, died at his home on Friday. His parents, Rachel Staples and Brock Eurchuk, believe he took street drugs to help him sleep.
Elliot had been battling drug dependency after he was prescribed opioids for four major surgeries in 2017, including two for a fractured jaw and two shoulder reconstructions as a result of sports injuries. When his prescriptions of the highly addictive opioids ran out, he turned to street drugs for relief. He tried to hide the addiction from his parents, and was successful for awhile as he was shielded by the law.
The Infants Act states that children under 19 years of age may consent to a medical treatment on their own as long as the health care provider is sure that the treatment is in the child's best interest, and that the child understands the risks and benefits of the treatment.
“Kids try to make these decisions for themselves. If they don't want the help, there is nothing in our legal system that allows us as parents to get them the help they need,” said Staples.
“That kind of policy basically knocks parents to their knees in their efforts to help their children. In our son's case it ultimately led to his death because we had no control over his medical direction.”
Staples and her husband attempted to get access to Elliot's health records after he had been in and out of hospital with serious infections. They were told that Elliot did not want them to know what was going on. Due to the Infants Act, doctors honoured Elliot's wishes and told the parents nothing. An event in early February changed that.
Elliot was admitted to the hospital on Jan. 31 with a blood infection, which had him in the hospital for 26 days to get multiple rounds of IV antibiotics. On Feb. 9, Elliot was given a day pass. His dad took him to meet some friends for a movie and picked him up right afterwards to take him back to the hospital. At some point between drop off and pick up, Elliot got some opioids.
He was found by the medical team at the hospital early the next morning, not breathing and with blue lips. They administered naloxone and saved Elliot's life. It was at this point that his parents overheard a doctor talking to Elliot about naloxone and they got their first insight into what was happening to him.
“Even then it wasn't a direct conversation about what he had taken,” said Staples. “I'm a health care provider, I know what naloxone is. That was their only way of telling us that Elliot was using opioids from the streets.”
Staples and Eurchuk want to be clear that they are not blaming individuals, it is the system they feel needs to be changed. The Infants Act should be altered to allow parents to play a role in their child's health care. If youth are displaying at-risk behaviour, Staples and Eurchuk think parents should be told about what is happening and have a say in their child's medical treatment.
“When a parent suggests that their child is not capable of making responsible medical decisions I think that needs to override [the child's] desires,” said Staples.
They are also calling for alternatives to opioids in pain management.
“I just don't understand why opiates are the first line of approach for pain and why they are so widely prescribed when they are so addictive. There has got to be something else, particularly when you are dousing a young developing brain in opioids.” said Staples. “After his surgeries, Elliot came home with a prescription, like a bucket full of opioids. Yes, his surgery was extremely painful, and yes it is awful for the short-term but the long-term ramifications of opioids is just too risky.”
The final message that Elliot's parents want to get out, is for kids to make sure that if they are going to experiment, they don't do it alone.
“Elliot was alone,” said Staples.
The family is trying to cope and plan a funeral in an age where word travels instantly – they only had three hours between finding their son's body and getting calls from the school district and media.
“We are putting on a face for these media interviews but when we wake up in the morning, we are broken. Completely broken. We wake up multiple times a night gasping for breath, thinking about our son's heartbeat stopping,” said Eurchuk.
RELATED: Parents grieving teen's overdose death say it started with opioid prescription
RELATED: Dix says B.C. remains focused on fighting youth overdoses in wake of teen's death
Resources are available for those affected by or struggling to cope with the loss.
Kids Help Phone offers 24/7 counselling online at kidshelpphone.ca or by phone 1-800-668-6868.
The 24-hour Vancouver Island Crisis Line is an Island Health contracted service offers text 250-800-3806, online chat vicrisis.ca and phone services 1-888-494-3888.
The Eurchuk family. (Submitted)
A small traveller camp on a patch of disused roadway near Desborough has been given planning permission.
Kettering planning committee gave the go-ahead last night (July 3) for the Holland family to set up a permanent base for five traveller caravans on the 1,500 sq metre site located between the A6 and Braybrooke Road.
The land was part of the Braybrooke Road before the A6 was built and is close to other existing traveller pitches at Spinney Close.
It was gifted to the family by Northamptonshire County Council, which along with other local authorities has a duty to provide support to travellers to help foster good relations between communities.
The camp, which will have seven parking spaces, was opposed by neighbouring landowner Jennifer Hill who said the travellers ‘just cause chaos'.
She said: “For the past two years these people have been parked on the land illegally.
“I don't object to there being a traveller site in the area but I don't think that it should be on this land.”
Planning officer Peter Chaplain said there was no legal reason for planning officers to object against the proposal and that an issue about access to land was a civil matter and not for the planning committee to decide upon.
He also said that the Northamptonshire local authorities had not been able to identify a five year supply of traveller sites which is a policy under the national planning policy framework.
The planning permission has been granted with a number of conditions including that there shall only be one family on the site and the land shall not be used for business activity.
Desborough Town Council supported the application, however the highways authority objected saying that ‘no details regarding turning for the largest vehicles likely to use the site have been detailed'.
Five members of the planning committee voted for the application.
One member abstained.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact
James Lamb
***@strategymrc.com James Lamb
End
-- According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Animal Nutrition Market accounted for $13.8 billion in 2015 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.5% to reach $21.4 billion by 2022. Growing demand for healthy and safe pet food, ban on antibiotics, rising awareness among the producers and increasing awareness about the pets health are the key factors fuelling the market growth. On the other hand, high price of the chemicals is limiting the market growth. Rapidly developing bio based chemicals are creating opportunities for the future growth of animal nutrition market.Amino acids segment holds the major share in global market due to its high protein efficiency content. Amino acid acts as alternative to feed protein sources dipping nitrogen emission and minimize greenhouse gas emissions. Eubiotics in other products segment is estimated to witnessing remarkable growth during the forecast period. By livestock, swine segment is likely to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period. Oral administration method has promising markets and is expected to witness the highest growth rate during the forecast period. North America is the major market for the animal nutrition owing to huge demand for nutritional products and rising pet population within this market.Some of the major players in the global market include Novozymes A/S, BASF SE, Royal DSM N.V., Nutreco N.V., Evonik Industries AG, Cargill Inc, DuPont, Dow Chemical Company, Alltech, Tata Chemicals, Kemin Industries, Inc., Archer-Daniels-Midland Company and Adisseo France SAS.• Amino Acids• Enzymes• Minerals• Vitamins• Other Productso Carotenoidso Lipidso Eubiotics• Injection• Oral• Topical• Poultry• Swine• Aquaculture• Equine• Pets• Ruminants• North Americao USo Canadao Mexico• Europeo Germanyo Franceo Italyo UKo Spaino Rest of Europe• Asia Pacifico Japano Chinao Indiao Australiao New Zealando Rest of Asia Pacific• Rest of the Worldo Middle Easto Brazilo Argentinao South Africao Egypt- Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments- Market share analysis of the top industry players- Strategic recommendations for the new entrants- Market forecasts for a minimum of 8 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets- Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations)- Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations- Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends- Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments- Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancementhttp://www.strategymrc.com/report/animal-nutrition-market
Residents and visitors across Crawley were kept busy this past weekend at events around the town centre.
Saturday was Armed Forces Day in Memorial Gardens and a piper and standard bearers' procession kicked off the day, followed by the Mayor of Crawley,
Councillor Carlos Castro thanking the Armed Forces for their dedication and service. The Armed Forces Day flag was raised alongside standard bearers.
Crowds were treated to performances from Inspire Performance, Crawley Millennium Concert Band, Songbirds Choir, Jazz Sax Band and the Cadets competed against each other in a Kit Kar demonstration.
The Sikh Temple kept spectators well fed with a fantastic spread of Asian food.
See also: Extra parking spaces for K2 Leisure Centre approved
Closing the day's events was The Spinettes, who played a set of jazz and swing music.
Over in Queens Square, Community Day was in full swing with musical performances from Inspire Performance and Megan Lara Mae. Urban City Dance showed off their skills and children were entertained with magic and silliness from Tomfoolery. Throughout the day, children took part in sporting activities, arts and crafts workshops and face painting.
On Sunday, Crawley's brand-new museum was opened by the Mayor of Crawley, Councillor Carlos Castro; Councillor Chris Mullins, Cabinet member for Wellbeing; and Janet Bastable, mother of John Bastable, along with members of Crawley Museum Society and the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Visitors gathered throughout the day to take a look around the unique new home of Crawley's heritage.
In the afternoon, Crawley High Street became the place to be, with a roster of high quality musical acts entertaining visitors well into the evening for High Street Live. Acts included code ascending, inChoir Crawley, Strobe, SOCIETY, The JAC Pack, Stop Press, Beacon, Paul Stanworth, Table 17 and Going for Broke.
There are plenty of Crawley Festival events taking place throughout this week, including:
- Music at St John's church, High Street, until July 6 from 12 noon-1pm
- BELONGING Bandstand, High Street, July 4-10
- New Town Utopia, July 4, The Hawth from 7pm
- Main Stage and Cultural Kitchen, Memorial Gardens, July 7 from 12 noon-5pm
- The Hawth Youth Theatre “Shakespeare festival”, The Hawth Amphitheatre, July 7 from 6pm
See also: Man seriously injured in motorbike crash
March 28 Drb-Hicom Bhd
* "Confirms that all parties that submitted bids for proton are still in the running and drb-hicom is still evaluating these bids"
* Updates on the search for Proton Holdings Berhad's (PROTON) foreign strategic partner Source text ( bit.ly/2o1faJA ) Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Two bodies have been located in a river in Waitakere near where three people were earlier reported missing after being swept away in water near Cascades Falls.
Police say they understand there was a group of five people who were trying to cross the river when they got into trouble.
One person has been rescued and has been transported to Waitakere Hospital in a moderate condition.
The other man who had earlier made it to safety was also taken to hospital with minor injuries.
The fifth person involved was uninjured.
Police say they are working to establish if the bodies located are part of this group.
A police statement says at this stage this is all of the information available as reception in the area where officers are working in is limited.
Earlier this evening police said they received a report at 5.15pm that a group had got into trouble while crossing the Cascades Falls and had been swept away.
A search was mounted including the Westpac Rescue Helicopter.
A man known only as Josh from the Waitakere Golf Club told 1 NEWS that a man was brought to him in a hypothermic condition.
He had been trapped in a nearby river with several others.
"He was pretty hypothermic and roughed up," Josh said.
Before calling 111, Josh said he was told by the man that there were four others who were swept away.
Evacuees return home after flash flood
Meanwhile, about 60 people evacuated have been allowed to return home tonight after flooding receded.
Police and Fire evacuated people from homes in Piha around Glenesk, Seaview and Beach Valley Roads due to flooding and they were taken to the nearby surf club or campground as a precaution.
A fire officer at the scene told 1 NEWS the river rose by up to about two metres above it's normal level in a heavy downpour mid-afternoon, putting the road under about half a metre of water, and forcing the evacuations.
Also, a number of people who were walking in the bush on a track off Piha Road called police at 5.15pm concerned they were trapped by rising river levels.
The group of approximately 20 people included people from various groups who had been walking in the bush through the afternoon and banded together to get out safely, police said.
MILWAUKEE — Enes Kanter seems to play better with a stitched-up mouth.
He had another monstrous double-double outing Friday night, with 17 points and 18 rebounds, keeping the Knicks in the game throughout before Giannis Antetokounmpo's game-winner in the Bucks' 92-90 victory.
Kanter has had 18 stitches sewn into his mouth since Monday, making it tough to talk, but not too tough to be underneath the rim snatching offensive boards. He hauled in another eight on Friday, and is one of the league's leaders.
“I'm giving the team so much confidence — I'm telling them whenever you shoot the ball, shoot it with confidence because I'm down there and I'll go get the rebound,'' Kanter said.
Coach Jeff Hornacek said Kanter has played like “a warrior'' these past three games — hitting for 20 points and 20 rebounds Tuesday against the Nets, and nearly matching those numbers in Boston and Milwaukee.
“You know at some point in the game he's getting hit in the mouth,'' Hornacek said. “You look at his lips, he's a warrior out there, plays as hard as he can. He cleans up the misses. You can't say enough good things about his effort because you know he's not feeling great with stitches in his mouth. He wants to get out there.”
Asked if he enjoyed playing for recently fired Bucks coach Jason Kidd last season, Michael Beasley said, “I'm here now, so.”
Beasley was out of the rotation late last season in Milwaukee.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba – Turns out, it may be easier to strike gold by growing green.
Just ask Jay Wilgar, a former wind power developer who started a medical marijuana company with friend Travis Kanellos after hatching the idea while lifting weights at a gym. When they began looking at ways to take their startup public, advisers suggested partnering with Newstrike Resources, a Toronto-based firm that had been looking for gold in Ontario and Wyoming without much luck.
Advertisement
“I think they had given up on what they were pursuing from a mining point of view,” Wilgar said by phone. He also wanted to work with “people that understand capital markets, and that was really how the Newstrike transaction came about.”
Newstrike, backed by The Tragically Hip, one of Canada's most iconic bands, was reborn last year through a reverse takeover by Wilgar's startup and has since shot higher. While the company has no revenue, it's valued at C$612-million ($467-million) and became a takeover target itself by rival producer CanniMed Therapeutics in November.
Advertisement
The number of companies that started in the mining or oil and gas sectors that are now part of Canada's burgeoning marijuana industry has jumped to more than 40. In all, almost half of the country's marijuana firms started out in the resource sector before many converted to pot via reverse takeovers and spinoffs.
INVESTOR OPTIMISM
The listings reflect a surge of investor optimism as Canada moves to legalise recreational pot this year. Market values for the four largest publicly-traded firms, Canopy Growth, Aurora Cannabis, Aphria and MedReleaf, have all ballooned to more than C$1-billion. The pot companies on Canadian exchanges have a combined market value of about C$32-billion.
While the surge is being fuelled by estimates that retail sales of recreational and medical pot could reach C$8-billion by 2021, there's mounting concern companies are overvalued. It remains unclear how Canada will set prices for marijuana and some publicly traded growers have yet to make a sale.
Marijuana stocks plunged in January following a rally at the end of last year that saw Aurora Cannabis more than triple, while Canopy Growth and Aphria more than doubled. Stocks began to look “overvalued and overbought,” according to a Jan. 31 note from the BCMI Cannabis Report. The BI Canada Cannabis Index has tumbled 18% this year.
'PILE ON'
"Every hot equity cycle tends to create a pile-on effect,” Jason Zandberg, an analyst at PI Financial in Vancouver, said in an email. “Individuals will enter a hot new space looking to capitalise on a growing demand, in this case legalised cannabis.”
The reverse takeovers allow investors to quickly tap into this new space, giving Canadian entrepreneurs and exchanges a leg up on global rivals as legalisation of pot spreads around the world.
Many new entrants go public via a reverse takeover and use the old mining or oil and gas “shells” as the listing vehicle, Zandberg said. It's a potentially faster way to list on a public exchange, and unlike a traditional initial public offering, companies don't have to undergo a full securities commission review or file a prospectus.
There are plenty of failed mining exploration companies that are sitting on Canadian exchanges paying fees and doing annual audits that still have “shell value,” said Canadian Securities Exchange CEO Richard Carleton. While that's something that US Securities Commission has cracked down on to avoid fraudulent pump-and-dump schemes on the Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchanges, Canadian exchanges demand that companies present a viable plan to sustain their operations and undergo a thorough review, he said.
Still, there are signs Canadian exchanges could lose their first-mover advantage to bigger US peers. Toronto-based Cronos Group became the first cannabis stock to list on the Nasdaq Stock Market last month. Other producers, including Canopy Growth and Aurora, say they plan to follow suit, which could shift some trading to the US from Canada.
Canada's venture markets are known for their risk appetite due to its listing rules and the nation has always been a “mining frontier country,” said Chris Damas, editor of the BCMI Cannabis Report. No one can say for certain how much marijuana will be consumed when recreational sales become legal, and there are some small investors jumping into the market with a “gambling chip and they don't really read the fine print” in company disclosure statements, he said.
“It's like a Yukon gold rush,” Damas said. “It's always been part of our DNA.”
Emotional day at Marilyn Pharis murder trial
May 30, 2018
A nurse who treated Marilyn Pharis, the Santa Maria woman who was allegedly murdered by an illegal immigrant with an extensive criminal record, cried in court Tuesday and shouted that she knew the victim had been raped. [Cal Coast Times]
In July 2015, Victor Martinez allegedly broke into the home of Paris, a 64-year-old Air Force Veteran and Vandenberg Air Force Base employee, while she was sleeping, then beat her with a hammer and raped her. Eight days later, Pharis died in the hospital after blood clots formed in her legs.
Victor Martinez and co-defendant Jose Villagomez are both charged with first-degree murder. Martinez and Villagomez are being tried in Santa Maria Superior Court with a separate jury for each defendant.
On Tuesday, Ronda Simpson, a nurse who treated Pharis at Marian Regional Medical Center, took the stand in Martinez's trial. Simpson, who cried during her testimony, said she knew Pharis had been raped, but the Santa Maria woman did not want to talk about it.
The judge, however, struck the comment from the court record and instructed jurors not to take it into consideration.
Under cross-examination, Simpson testified that Pharis never complained of pain in her legs. Medical records show the blood clots in Pharis's legs eventually led to her death.
Simpson said she ended up leaving her job at Marian Regional Medical Center because of how her interaction with Pharis affected her.
Another witness also cried on the stand on Tuesday. Loida Hernandez, a neighbor of Pharis's, testified that she was asleep in her bedroom when she woke up to her son screaming that someone was in the house.
While in tears, Hernandez said she instructed her daughter to jump from her bedroom window, go to the neighbor's house and call police. Hernandez testified that she could hear Martinez rumbling through items in her kitchen when she screamed at him to get out of the house.
Another neighbor later took the witness stand and said he found Hernandez hiding in his car.
Finally, Santa Maria police officers delivered testimony, describing how they captured Martinez. The defendant was hiding in a wood and concrete pile when police found him, officers testified.
Due to Martinez's background, the Pharis murder case has garnered national attention. Martinez is an illegal immigrant from Mexico who had been arrested six times in the 15 months prior to deadly assault, according to the Santa Maria Police Department. Martinez was released from Santa Barbara County Jail 96 hours before he allegedly attacked Pharis.
Earlier this month, President Donald Trump started a White House roundtable on California's sanctuary state status with remarks about the murder of Pharis.
Loading...
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The founders of dental practice MyDental are investing more than €1 million in a combined GP and dental service that it said would create 30 jobs. The company, which has clinics in Ballsbridge and Cherrywood in Dublin, will be rebranded MyMedical.
“For too long the dental and GP sector in Ireland failed to take on the challenges, resulting in costs and accessibility being out of reach for many people. We have adopted the ‘Ryanair approach' to medical care. We work to make quality medical care accessible,” said Gerard Egan, clinical spokesperson for the company.
Mr Egan said the company's pricing structure and opening hours were designed to make medical and dental care more accessible to individuals and families.
JOHOR BAHRU, Malaysia: The daughter of one of Malaysia's most powerful sultans married her Dutch fiancé Monday in a ceremony steeped in centuries of tradition during a day of lavish celebrations.
Princess Tunku Tun Aminah Sultan Ibrahim, 31, the only daughter of the Sultan of Johor, tied the knot with Dennis Muhammad Abdullah, 28, capping a romance of over three years.
The Dutchman, who has converted to Islam, and the princess wed according to Muslim Malay custom at the Serene Hill Palace, the royal family's residence in the southern city of Johor Bahru. The private ceremony was attended by close family and friends.
The groom wore traditional white Malay wedding attire and the bride wore a white dress. Dennis Muhammad placed the wedding ring on Tunku Aminah's finger in a special room in the palace, according to the royal press office.
In keeping with centuries-old wedding customs in the Muslim-majority southern state of Johor, he also gave her a dowry of 22.50 ringgit (about $5), and the couple kissed the hands of their parents, aunts and uncles as a mark of respect.
An evening reception will be the main event which will feature a “sitting-in-state” ceremony, with some 1,200 guests due to attend and crowds expected to watch the event on a big screen in a city square.
There have been frenetic preparations in recent days, with the grounds of the main palace decorated with bunting and main streets adorned with flags.
“I am taking my wife and two young children to the city square tonight to witness the live broadcast of the evening celebrations,” Azim Mohamad Nurazim, a 34-year-old local salesman, told Agence France-Presse.
“It is a celebration for all Johoreans. My message to Tunku Aminah and her husband is long and healthy life, and may Allah bless the couple with lots of children.”
The Dutchman, who now works for a property development company in Johor, was born Dennis Verbaas and adopted a Muslim name when he converted to Islam in 2015.
Johor's royal family is rich and powerful and possesses its own private army—the only state to have one.
Malaysia has a unique arrangement in which the throne of the Muslim-majority country changes hands every five years between the rulers of the nine states which are still headed by Islamic royalty. The current king is Sultan Muhammad V, from the conservative Islamic northern state of Kelantan, who steps down in 2021.
But Dennis Muhammad is unlikely ever to assume the role since the rulers choose among themselves who the next king will be.
AFP
Called Lia, the biodegradable test will offer women a sustainable, convenient and private way to find out if they're pregnant.
Taking a pregnancy test can be a pretty nerve-racking experience.
As well as the anxious wait for the result, there's also the worry of how to discreetly dispose of the used test if you're not keen on sharing the news with other people.
Do you grit your teeth and put it in your handbag, or do you try to bury it in the bin and hope that nobody finds it?
Well, you soon won't have to do either, because an American start-up company is making it easy from women to hide the telltale white stick – by designing a test that you can safely flush down the loo.
Dubbed Lia, the flushable test is made from the same natural plant fibres as toilet paper, but is designed to repel water for long enough to show a positive or negative result.
We are counting down the days until we can introduce you to Lia- the first flushable, biodegradable pregnancy test! Available soon. Meetlia.com A post shared by Lia (@meetlia) on Jul 13, 2017 at 11:06am PDT
Much like traditional pregnancy tests, the small paper pad reacts to urine, showing either one or two blue lines to indicate the result.
But here's the clever part: once you're done with it, you can flush it down the toilet and it will naturally biodegrade like toilet paper.
Meet Lia — the flushable pregnancy test made from paper, not plastic. See our bio for the full reveal. #meetlia A post shared by Lia (@meetlia) on Dec 6, 2017 at 11:30am PST
The product, which has just been approved by the FDA and is set to launch next year, marks a revolutionary change in reproductive healthcare.
“It's been the same stick test since 1987, and that's kind of crazy,” co-founder Bethany Edwards explained at TechCrunch Disrupt Berlin.
As well as being incredibly discreet, Lia is also more environmentally friendly than regular tests, we're told, as its ability to biodegrade means it won't end up in landfill.
While the design is unlike anything else currently available, its creators claim it will be just as dependable as other models – delivering 99% accurate results.
Lia is expected to be available to buy on Amazon next summer, and will be priced between £6.70 to £16.39.
© Press Association 2017
Here's how Guy spent his weekend in five photos.
A beautiful Saturday morning on an iconic golf hole in St. Louis. This is the eastern view of the Gateway City skyline from #11 at Old Watson C.C.
I'm the only odometer freak living in St. Louis?!?! I hit all 5's, bought 5 lotto tickets and lost five times…
So cool!
Teeing it up on Friday at St. Alban's with my old, and I mean OLD buddy, Bob C. He really destroyed our chances is winning the tournament. I'm still embarrassed and may never forgive him.
Patio project finished!! Now the fun part….relaxing and paying for it.
I'll see you all next weekend!
* Czechs sell more 3-year bonds than planned at auction * Crown sets 9-month high in 1-month forwards contracts * Polish stocks retreat, regulator says banks see lower profits * Hungary central bank - depo cut maintains loose conditions (Adds retreat of Polish stocks) By Sandor Peto and Bartosz Chmielewski BUDAPEST/WARSAW, March 29 The Czech government sold twice as many bonds as planned at an auction on Wednesday, seeking to benefit from low yields before the central bank removes its cap on the crown. The central bank (CNB) has a "hard commitment" to maintain the cap, which has kept the crown weaker than 27 against the euro since 2013, at least until the end of the first quarter. Most analysts expect the CNB to abandon the cap in April or May as inflation has risen to its 2 percent target. The CNB has tripled its foreign exchange reserves since 2013 and has had to buy euros heavily in the market this year to defend the cap. However, there is uncertainty over how Czech assets will move after the cap is lifted as huge long positions have built in the crown and government debt, mainly in short maturities. The auction was not originally part of the March debt issuance schedule, but was added by the government early this week. It almost sold the planned 2 billion crown amounts of long-term 0.95/30 bonds as well as 9.45 billion crowns worth of 3-year zero-coupon bonds, much more than the 4 billion crowns planned. The bonds were sold at an average yield of -0.055 percent, below -0.022 at an auction a week ago. The crown set a 9-month high in one-month forwards contracts at 26.881 against the euro. Elsewhere in Central Europe, Warsaw's stock index reversed an early rise and fell 0.9 percent by 1424 GMT, led by bank stocks. Financial regulator KNF said the country's banks expect their combined net profits to fall this year. European bank stocks also fell after sources told Reuters that European Central Bank policymakers were wary of making any new change on their policy message in April. Hungarian government bond yields fell by about 8 basis points from Tuesday's fixing, with the 10-year paper's yield fixed at 3.29 percent. The forint eased 0.1 percent to 310 against the euro. The Hungarian central bank announced a bigger than expected cut in its 3-month deposits on Tuesday. Many analysts interpreted that as further policy loosening. The bank explained in a 20-page study, confirmed in comments from its Deputy Governor Marton Nagy, that considering other market factors, its measure maintained the earlier level of interbank liquidity rather than boosting it. "The truth could be in between the two," one fixed income trader said. CEE SNAPS AT 1624 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 27.02 27.02 +0.0 -0.05 00 05 0% % Hungary 310.0 309.6 -0.13 -0.38 forint 000 050 % % Polish 4.234 4.234 -0.01 4.00% zloty 5 3 % Romanian 4.557 4.556 -0.02 -0.48 leu 0 3 % % Croatian 7.433 7.436 +0.0 1.64% kuna 0 5 5% Serbian 123.8 123.9 +0.0 -0.43 dinar 800 100 2% % Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 982.2 983.2 -0.10 +6.5 6 2 % 8% Budapest 32230 32294 -0.20 +0.7 .69 .03 % 1% Warsaw 2206. 2225. -0.84 +13. 81 41 % 29% Bucharest 7946. 7953. -0.09 +12. 88 88 % 16% Ljubljana 777.5 787.3 -1.23 +8.3 8 0 % 6% Zagreb 2014. 2077. -3.00 +1.0 83 12 % 0% Belgrade 7 4 % 0% Sofia 633.3 636.2 -0.46 +8.0 4 9 % 0% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 1 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s Poland 2-year 3 bps s 5-year bps s 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.28 0.32 0.39 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.21 0.26 0.35 0.2 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.757 1.783 1.84 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Jason Hovet in Prague and Marcin Goettig in Warsaw; Editing by Alexander Smith and Hugh Lawson)
Gardaí investigating morning assault in Tipperary
24 April 2018
Gardai are investigating an assault in Co. Tipperary.
A man has been taken to hospital following the incident in Clonmel at around 8 AM in the Heywood Close area.
The male in 70s is being treated for non-life threatening injuries.
Gardaí say investigations are ongoing.
Share it:
Don't Miss
The fan favourite, hosted by Philip Schofield, could be shelved as it's claimed the future of the show is in jeopardy.
It's been the staple of our Saturday night television for nearly 10 years, however, the future of 'All Star Mr and Mrs' is hanging by a thread as telly bosses have decided to shelf the programme for the foreseeable future.
The news will come as a shock for fans who have regularly tuned in to see presenter Philip Schofield grill a string of celebrities put their relationships to the test during a series of challenges.
While ITV have stressed it's a short break, insiders remain sceptical over the show's future.
A source told The Sun: "All Star Mr & Mrs has aired every year for almost a decade. So the fact that it is now taking a break doesn't look good for the future. Officially this is 'a rest' and the bosses are adamant that the axe has not fallen but there are plenty of people who are convinced it won't be back."
The news comes as an ITV spokesperson told the paper: "There is no series of All Star Mr & Mrs scheduled for the autumn. But it remains in the mix for next year."
The original Mr & Mrs series ran from 1968 to 1988 with the popular show seeing to revamps between 1995 and 1996 before being made over in 1999 for a new series presented by the late Derek Batey.
Since 2008 the show has been going strong following another revival with Philip Schofield and Fearne Britton taking the reigns as host.
The show features celebrities and their real-life partners playing to win up to £30,000 for the charity of their choice.
Meanwhile, it's claimed that Philip Schofield will be reprising his role as presenter, alongside Holly Willoughby when Dancing on Ice returns to screen next year.
KATHMANDU: China and Nepal began their first-ever joint military exercises on Sunday, a move likely to rattle India as Beijing boosts its influence in the region.
Impoverished Nepal is sandwiched between China and India and has in recent years ping-ponged between the sphere of influence of Delhi and Beijing as the Asian giants jostle for regional supremacy.
The 10-day drill in Kathmandu, dubbed “Sagarmatha Friendship 2017” referring to the Nepali name for Mount Everest, will focus on counter-terrorism, according to Nepal's army.
“This is in line with our efforts to hold joint exercises with countries that have diplomatic relations with Nepal,” military spokesman Jhankar Bahadur Kadayat told AFP.
The drills will likely be watched closely by India, which is often accused of playing “big brother” to its tiny neighbor.
Landlocked Nepal remains dependent on India for the majority of its imports, but the previous administration aggressively courted China as part of a nationalist drive to decrease the country's reliance on New Delhi.
“Nepal and China share a multi-faceted tie and a joint military exercise broadens that relationship,” said Tanka Karki, former Nepali ambassador to China.
Last month China's defence minister Chang Wanquan visited Nepal—the first by a Chinese defense minister in 15 years—to discuss the joint military exercise.
The current Maoist-led government in Nepal has sought to repair strained ties with Delhi while continuing to accept cash from its powerful northern neighbour.
AFP
Judges awarded this wine a Double Gold Medal in the 2016 Wenatchee Wine & Food Festival competition.
Tsillan Cellars 2013 Estate Reserve Syrah, $35
Review: Perched above the south shore of Lake Chelan, Tsillan Cellars is one of the most beautiful destination wineries in the Pacific Northwest — perhaps even on the West Coast. It is the creation of Dr. Robert Jankelson, who envisioned this Tuscan-themed property many years ago. This Syrah from estate grapes is a classic thanks to…
Power or efficiency of a motor or engine determines the overall mechanism of a machine. The volume of fuel and air passing into the inner combustion engine under huge pressure dictates the output of the engine. Industrial turbochargers are examples of forced induction systems since they supply high pressure exhaust gas towards the engine, and make greater amount of air obtainable for combustion. This enhances the functioning ability of an engine almost up to thrice and a turbocharger generally contributes to about three quarters of the power of the engine.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/industrial-turbocharger-market.html
Fuel efficiency norms are projected to enhance the utility of industrial turbochargers in nearly half of the light vehicles, and thus boost the global industrial turbocharger market revenue. Rise in oil prices continue to boost growing fuel effectiveness in engines. This in turn accelerates growth in the global market to a great extent. Another trend encouraging market development is strict emission regulations. Emission norms are fixed off compulsory guidelines regulating many air pollutants, solid or gaseous emitted into the environment by human activity. Hereby industrial turbochargers are designed for protection of the environment, maintenance of human health, and efficient usage of resources. Other drivers for the industrial turbochargers market are corporate average fuel economy standards, predictive strategy of maintenance, targets of carbon emission, rising market for market of passenger vehicles, and trend of engine downsizing.
One of the key restraining forces dictating the global industrial turbocharger market is the fact that diesel soaps disrupt turbochargers. Besides, these turbochargers are essential parts of ships, mining, power generators, and construction equipment. Hence unforeseen breakdown and malfunctioning can adversely affect the functioning of these machines, and this can have dangerous consequences. Strategies for maintenance are of paramount importance to the optimal functioning of the industrial turbochargers. Moreover, this market will in all probability remain dominant in the top manufacturers of auto components globally since market players need substantial space for plants and different equipment for making turbochargers. Hence they require considerable amount of capital for establishing facilities, purchasing raw materials, producing products, and be responsible for marketing them for potential clients. The other restraint is low inclination towards passenger cars running on diesel.
However, the global industrial turbocharger market has medium barriers to entry. There are no government regulations, licensing needs or resource constraints adequate enough for preventing the entry of operators into this market. In the years ahead, even gasoline turbochargers are forecast to penetrate the market at a decent rate.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15053
The global industrial turbocharger market can be segmented on the basis of end-user industries, and geography. On the basis of geography, the market is divided into marine, agricultural equipment, construction and mining equipment, power, and oil and gas. In general, the construction and mining equipment segment has been dominating the market in terms of market share. This market includes the usage of powerful, heavy-duty equipment and machines, such as cranes, excavators, and demolition grapples dependent on turbochargers to enhance the power output of their engine. The constant infrastructural development practices in every major nation worldwide and the growing demand from pharmaceuticals, automotive, and food and beverage industries will propel the growth in case of this segment.
On the basis of geography, the global industrial turbocharger market can be segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the region of Europe, Middle East and Africa. In this market, the key vendors are Cummins, ABB, Honeywell, Napier Turbochargers, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Niitsu, Brogwarner, MTU, Bosch Mahle TurboSystems, Lianoing Rong Li Turbocharge, Precision Turbo and Engine, and Comp Turbo Technology.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Indonesian President Joko Widodo speaks about the tax amnesty program to members of the business community in Jakarta, Indonesia February 28, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Akbar Nugroho Gumay/via REUTERS
JAKARTA Hundreds of Indonesians queued from before dawn on Friday at Indonesia's main tax office in the capital, seeking to join the final day of a government tax amnesty that has already seen nearly $360 billion of assets declared.
The government provided makeshift tents for the crowd and Ken Dwijugiasteadi, director general of taxes at Indonesia's finance ministry, pledged staff would keep administering the last-minute rush of people until late.
"We will be open until midnight and banks will offer services until 9 pm today," Dwijugiasteadi told reporters.
The amnesty program was introduced last year as President Joko Widodo sought to cover a budget deficit and get taxpayers to repatriate previously concealed overseas assets.
The government has dubbed program as among the most successful in the world in terms of revenue it generated. The figure reached 128 trillion rupiah ($9.61 billion) as of early Friday.
More than 897,000 taxpayers have participated in the amnesty, declaring assets worth 4,778 trillion rupiah ($358.63 billion), or 38 percent of Indonesia's gross domestic product (GDP), government statistics showed.
The bulk of the assets were declared during the first amnesty period, in July to September, when penalty rates were the most generous.
Liana Hartanty Gunawan, a bank employee in Jakarta, said she regretted not participating earlier when she could have saved more money.
"If a tax officer looks at my tax report clearly, I'm sure I have some flaws, which could hit me later. I'd rather join the amnesty now that the tariff is still lower than normal," Gunawan said as she waited in line.
Some of Indonesia's wealthiest, including Hutomo Mandala Putra - the son of the late authoritarian president Suharto - and tycoon-politican Aburizal Bakrie, joined the amnesty in its first few months.
But the amnesty also missed some of the government's targets for revenue and repatriation.
Yustinus Prastowo, executive director of the Center for Indonesia's Taxation Analysis, said it had not been effective in getting taxpayers to bring back assets stashed abroad, with only 3 percent of assets declared pledged to be repatriated.
"I think the amnesty is still quite successful at least in raising people's awareness in the importance of taxes for this nation and its development," Prastowo said.
After the amnesty, the government still faces an immense task of improving tax compliance, to avoid it being just a one-off windfall.
(Writing by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Ed Davies and Shri Navaratnam)
The response of Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) was filed after the apex court had termed the Constitution as a "compassionate" and "organic" guiding book and asked it to consider changing the law so that a convict, facing death penalty, dies "in peace and not in pain".
"Execution, as contemplated under section 354(5) of the Code of Criminal Procedure, is not barbaric, inhuman and cruel as well as in compliance with safeguard no. 9 of the resolutions adopted by the ECOSOC," the affidavit filed before a bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra said.
The safeguards guaranteeing protection of the rights of those facing the death penalty approved by the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) resolution of 1984 says "Where capital punishment occurs, it shall be carried out so as to inflict the minimum possible suffering."
The counter-affidavit, filed by the joint secretary of the MHA, said that death by hanging was "quick, simple" and free from anything that would "unnecessarily sharpen the poignancy of the prisoner".
"Lethal injection, which is believed to be painless, has also been contested on the ground that it may lead to uncomfortable death wherein the convict is unable to express his/her discomfort because of paralysis by the paralytic agent injected.
"It is believed by many that lethal injection, as is practised currently, is designed to create only an appearance of serenity and painless death," the MHA said, adding that such injections, if made available, can be misused.
It also ruled out the option of execution by a firing squad saying it was not "fail-safe" and can be extremely painful if shooters miss the heart by accident or by intention.
The affidavit was filed in response to a PIL, filed by lawyer Rishi Malhotra, which referred to the 187th Report of the Law Commission advocating removal of the present mode of execution from the statute.
The Centre said the procedure by which a death sentence has to be executed was dependent upon a variety of factors such as the economic feasibility, availability of "skilled and trained personnel, equipment and resources" and the rate of botched up executions.
It also said there was not much material to establish that the alternate execution method of lethal injection would bring quick and painless death.
The Centre, in its reply, pointed out various botched-up lethal executions in the USA and said "the procedure followed for execution by electrocution or lethal injection or firing squad could be just as inhuman or barbaric to another person."
Referring to the suggestions in the 187th Report of the Law Comission, the Centre said if the convict is heard on his choice of mode of execution, it would be "highly impractical" and lead to further delay in cases.
It also said that since the matter falls under the Concurrent List, the views of the state governments were also sought and most of them pointed to lack of infrastructure and technological requirements for lethal injection.
"The government of Uttarakhand rightly pointed out that the new chemical of lethal injection, if known to public, can be misused," it said.
On October 6, the apex court sought the Centre's response on the plea and said it also included the right of a condemned prisoner to have a dignified mode of execution so that death becomes less painful.
The plea said the Law Commission report had noted a significant increase in the number of countries where hanging has been abolished and substituted by electrocution, shooting or lethal injection as methods of execution.
The lawyer had also referred to various apex court judgements in which the practise of hanging a death row convict has been assailed.
The plea said "dying with dignity is part of right to life" and the present practice of executing a death row convict by hanging involves "prolonged pain and suffering". The present procedure can be replaced with intravenous lethal injection, shooting, electrocution or gas chamber in which death is just a matter of minutes, it said.
The PIL sought quashing of section 354(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code, which states that when a person is sentenced to death, the sentence shall direct that he be hanged by the neck till he is dead.
It said execution was not only "barbaric, inhuman and cruel", but also against the resolutions adopted by the UNECOSOC.
The plea also said that execution should be as quick and as simple as possible and free from anything that unnecessarily sharpened the poignancy of the prisoner's apprehension. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday strongly supported a legal provision that a death row convict would only be hanged to death and told the Supreme Court that other modes of execution like lethal injections and firing were not less painful.
NEW DELHI: A day after he was slammed by the Congress party for rejecting the impeachment motion against the Chief Justice of India Dipak Misra, Rajya Sabha chairman Venkaiah Naidu on Tuesday said his decision was "timely and not a hasty one" and came after over a month of due diligence.
BEIRUT (AP) — Tens of thousands of people have turned out for a Hezbollah rally in southern Beirut called to protest President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
The rally on Monday, one of several large demonstrations recently held across the Middle East to protest the move, was called by Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah.
The protesters marched through the southern suburbs of Beirut, a Hezbollah stronghold, waving flags and chanting in support of the Palestinians, who claim east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
The rally came a day after a violent protest outside the U.S. Embassy in Beirut, where security forces fired tear gas and water cannons at rowdy protesters who pelted them with stones. The protesters were hundreds of meters (yards) from the embassy.
CenterPoint
Contact
Krystal Morris, C. Pharr & Co. for Chicago
***@pharrpr.com Krystal Morris, C. Pharr & Co. for Chicago
End
-- Westmount Realty Capital (http://westmountrc.com/),a Dallas-based commercial real estate company, recently acquired a 21-building, 2.35 million-square-foot industrial portfolio in the greater Chicago area. This acquisition brings Westmount's Chicago area assets to more than 5 million square feet of industrial space."This portfolio is located throughout nine of Chicago's 20 industrial submarkets and provides Westmount with the opportunity to increase its footprint in one of the most influential industrial, financial and cultural markets in the country," said Clifford Booth, president and CEO of Westmount. "Westmount's time-tested strategies can quickly increase the value in assets like those in this portfolio and we are actively looking to acquire more industrial portfolios in primary markets across the U.S."Of the portfolio, 16 of the properties are located in close proximity Chicago's O'Hare International Airport and the Illinois International Port District and the other five are situated north of Chicago from Lake County, Illinois to Kenosha, Wisconsin, just south of Milwaukee. The buildings are well-maintained, are of varying sizes and designs and are currently at 82 percent occupancy. More than half of these buildings were once owned by user/occupiers allowing for additional value-creation opportunities in both the near and long-term.Including this recent acquisition, Westmount now has nearly 8 million square feet of industrial space in the Midwest region of the U.S. In 2016, Westmount acquired a Chicago-area industrial portfolio of 1.48 million square feet. They also have another industrial portfolio in the region, which was purchased in 2014, totaling 1.53 million square feet. The company acquired a 10-building industrial portfolio totaling 1.63 million square feet of space in the Milwaukee area in early 2015. Westmount's Columbus, Ohio-area portfolio is roughly 1.39 million square feet of industrial space.To accommodate the company's growth in the region, Westmount wcj will expand its local property management office into a regional office in Chicago. Westmount will provide local property management services to its 5 million-square-feet industrial portfolio in Chicago through its new regional office.###Westmount Realty Capital, LLC is a time-tested, privately held, Dallas-based commercial real estate company that has achieved exceptional performance, with a core team in place, for more than 30 years. Westmount is seen as an innovator and leading edge company in the industry and is a trusted operating partner of numerous U.S. and foreign institutional and private capital sources. The company is active nationally, specializing in value add and opportunistic investments, and has navigated successfully through multiple market cycles. For additional information, contact www.westmountrc.com
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Tonga Police Deputy Commissioner Unga Faaoa with Commissioner of Police Brigadier General Sitiveni Qiliho during the courtesy call. Picture: SUPPLIED
A MEMORANDUM of understanding (MOU) would soon be drafted between the Fiji Police Force and its counterparts Tongan police in regards to bilateral assistance which the two parties are willing to offer one another.
This was shared by Fiji's Commissioner of Police Brigadier General Sitiveni Qiliho while meeting Tonga's Deputy Police Commissioner Unga Fa'aoa yesterday.
Brig-Gen Qiliho said Fiji as a nation had always looked at ways to help its Pacific neighbours and security was a key area of focus.
Director international relations, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Ulaiasi Ravula said the visit was indicative of Fiji's standing within Pacific Island nations.
"The Tongan police is interested in our forensic capabilities and exchange following the success of the co-operation last year between the Melanesian Spearhead Group of countries and bilateral partners Australia, where we had sent Dr James Kalougivaki, who heads the Fiji Police Force's forensic pathology," he said.
"The inter-Pacific relationships and assistance being supplied between countries continue to be strengthened and the deputy commissioner's visit is an outcome of the commissioner of police's focus on strengthening co-operation and exchanges within Pacific region partners."
There will be further discussions on the draft MOU held between the two parties.
A court has released on bail a man who is mentally unfit for trial after hearing evidence there is no place for him at the Central Mental Hospital.
The 35-year-old man, with an address in Athlone, Co Westmeath, appeared before Dublin Circuit Criminal Court on Tuesday on a charge of unlawful possession of knives.
His lawyers said the man was languishing in prison while waiting on a bed at the Central Mental Hospital (CMH).
Dr Conor O'Neill, consultant psychiatrist at the CMH, told the court that the man was suffering from schizophrenia and was unfit to enter a plea in a criminal trial. He advised that the man be remanded at the CMH for an extended period.
Donal McGuinness BL for the HSE told the court there was currently no bed at the hospital. He said the CMH operated at maximum capacity at all times.
He said the defendant was on a waiting list for the CMH but there was no sign of a bed becoming available in the immediate future.
Dr O'Neill told the court: “My understanding was there was a possibility of 10 new beds being open, that has not transpired.”
John Moher BL, defending, said he was objecting to his client being remanded for any more time at Cloverhill Prison.
“This has been going on since August. He is languishing and deteriorating in Cloverhill,” counsel said.
The court heard the man was not taking his medication and his condition had disimproved. He has made threats against staff members and members of the public.
Judge Martin Nolan said the accused man had been deemed unfit to plead and the State could not keep him in custody. He said the man had difficult problems and they were difficult for society too but that he had an overriding right to liberty.
He released the accused on bail on condition he enters a bond and reside at a given address.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of television's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of her rebooted show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid, most knowing they wouldn't be, and few with any legal recourse.
"A lot of people there are just middle class Americans making a living and now they're out of work, especially at a time when we're ramping up into production for the fall season," Rebecca Sun of the industry trade publication The Hollywood Reporter said in an interview with The Associated Press. "It is pretty devastating for all of the people who worked on that show who are now collateral damage as a result of their star's racist beliefs."
Contractual details for those involved with the show, including Barr, were not immediately clear, and would play out in the coming months.
Advertisement
Experts say high-profile figures in the television industry typically have contractual clauses that give them significant severance for shows that are not produced.
Lower-level workers are generally out of luck at an unfortunate time. Though "Roseanne" and many shows just had their season finales, jobs for next season are mostly taken.
Ben Sherwood, president of Disney-ABC Television Group, apologized in a memo Wednesday to "the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road."
The cancellation came on the first day of meetings for the newly assembled writers for the fall season of "Roseanne." They arrived after Barr's tweet, but before ABC President Channing Dungey's announcement that the show was finished, leading to what executive producer and writer Dave Caplan said were "a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes."
"Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down," Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday. "It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get."
For cast and crew members that did have longer-term contracts, Barr's show-sinking tweet could be deemed, strange as it sounds, an "act of God." A "force majeure" or "act of God," legally, is some unpredictable event such as an earthquake or a riot that changes the underlying circumstances.
"It means something outside of the control of the parties. Roseanne's speech wasn't in the control of ABC," said F. Jay Dougherty, a professor who specializes in entertainment and media law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. "It wouldn't surprise me if this was treated by the studio like that kind of event, giving the studio a right to terminate contracts."
Barr herself suggested on Twitter lately that she may try to take some action.
"You guys make me feel like fighting back," Barr tweeted to her followers Wednesday. "I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U."
Her contract may have a "morals clause," however, which are often included in the contracts of television stars, athletes and other prominent figures, demanding a standard of behavior as the face of an enterprise.
"If there is a morals clause in her contract, then breaching that would give the studio a right to terminate her contract, and possibly even sue her for damages for breach of contract,"
"We can't predict whether there will be lawsuits or not," Dougherty said, "but I don't think there will be successful lawsuits."
___
Mike Cidoni Lennox and Nicole Evatt in Los Angeles and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
TAGBILARAN CITY, Bohol: Central Visayas racked up 12 gold medals at the start of swimming competition of the 2018 Private Schools Athletic Association (PRISAA) National Games on Tuesday at Victoriano D. Tirol Jr. Aquatic Center here.
PRISAA veteran Razal Cabajar and newbie Kent Francen Cagape led Central Visayas by winning three gold medals in their respective events.
The 19-year old Cabajar defended her crown in the girls' 19-25 200-meter butterfly event with a time of 2:56.57. She also won gold in 50m freestyle (30.17) and 200m medley relay (2:23.09).
“I didn't expect to win three gold that's why I feel very happy because my months of training were really worth it,” said the fourth year BS Biology student from University of San Carlos.
Cabajar is hoping to sweep her remaining events including the 50m and 100m butterfly, 200m individual medley, and 4×50 freestyle relay.
Meanwhile, the Ateneo de Cebu incoming Grade 11 student Cagape snatched the first gold in swimming with his 2:11.95 showing in the boys' 13-18 200m freestyle event.
He bested Davao Region tankers Jomarie Berja (2:13.03) and Alteddy Jamesa Sumaoy (2:14.35), who settled for silver and bronze, respectively.
A PRISAA first timer, Cagape proved his grit by dominating the 200m butterfly and 400m freestyle relay.
“I cannot contain my happiness when I grabbed the first gold in the competition since it was my first time also to join PRISAA,” said 16-year old Cagape.
Central Visayas topped the medal count in swimming with 12 gold, five silver and six bronze medals followed by Western Visayas (11-9-4) and Davao Region (5-6-5).
Leading the charge for the Davao Region was Berja, who also earned three gold medals apart from his silver-finish in 200m freestyle.
The 17-year old stalwart from Davao Oriental topped the 100m breaststroke and was part of the 400m individual medley and 200m medley relay teams.
Central Visayas strengthened its bid to win their fourth straight overall title and seventh overall PRISAA title by winning 17 gold medals in the weightlifting competition.
Bohol Institute of Technology weightlifters France Ivan Lorete, Justine Luke Lorete and Kid Perez chipped in three gold apiece from the boys' youth division.
Dave Lloyd Pacaldo got two gold and one silver in the men's senior category while RJ Polan and Paula Lamit contributed six medals combined from the women's youth division.
In athletics, Melody Perez ran away with the first gold after dominating the women's 3,000m (11:33.81) while Western Visayas tracksters Kim Villaruz and Marjorie Basea took the 1-2 position in the 3000m secondary girls category.
Disabled and elderly people in Horsham, Crawley and Mid Sussex have spoken of their shock after they were left in the lurch when a transport service was suddenly suspended last week.
No prior warning was given until The Horsham District Community Transport service suddenly announced it was ceasing operation on Thursday.
Wheelchair users, disabled children and stroke patients were among those hit hard when they suddenly found themselves without transport.
The former Dial-A-Ride charity service supplies low-cost minibuses and taxis to help ferry people to medical, as well as social appointments.
Electric wheelchair user Penny Mason frequently uses the service to get to appointments from her Horsham home. “There isn't a taxi firm in Horsham that can take wheelchairs,” she said as she was left looking for alternative transport on Friday.
“I had a journey booked for today and I'm going to have to cancel dental appointments I have for next week.”
Ann Wilson, assistant manager at the Phoenix Stroke Club in Horsham, said: “It's disastrous. We had booked three minibuses for two outings to Worthing next week. I'm now trying to find an alternative.”
The stroke club uses the community transport service every day. It runs a day centre, providing meals and entertainment, holds drop-in sessions three times a week and weekly speech therapy sessions, as well as providing respite for members' carers.
A spokeswoman for West Sussex County Council said: “We are aware that some services covering the Crawley, Mid Sussex and Horsham districts have been suspended until further notice. The services are operated by Community Transport Sussex, which is an independent organisation.
“We advise that anyone with concerns should first speak to the community transport provider for advice. If no alternative community transport is available, the only other option may be a private hire taxi.
“The county council is working with Community Transport Sussex on a solution and we hope to have further information soon.”
Meanwhile, Horsham District Community Transport chairman John Griffiths said he was unable to comment at the moment.
Age UK Horsham District executive Sonia Mangan said: “We are trying to support people by providing alternative transport. I am grateful to local taxi companies and volunteers who have stepped forward to make sure that people who are socially isolated can still access things they need to access.”
She said anyone who needed help could contact Age Uk Horsham on 01403 260560.
Have you been affected by the sudden suspension of the service? Email ct.news@jpress.co.uk
PARIS: French security services on Tuesday swooped on two men accused of plotting an attack just five days before the first round of the presidential election.
The men were arrested in the southern city of Marseille by agents from France's domestic intelligence agency.
Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said the attack was to be carried out in the “next few days” by the two men, aged 23 and 29, who are known to be “radicalized.”
He gave no further details on the nature of the plot.
More than 230 people have been killed in terror attacks in France since January 2015.
Candidates have been heavily guarded during the election campaign, but so far there have been few security scares.
“Everything will be done to ensure security” for the election, Fekl said.
The race was narrowing ahead of Sunday's vote, with the pack closing behind frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen, while a quarter of voters remained undecided.
For weeks, centrist former banker Macron and National Front (FN) leader Le Pen have been out in front but opinion polls now show there is a very real chance that any of the four leading candidates could reach the second-round runoff on May 7.
Scandal-plagued conservative Francois Fillon and far-left firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon have closed the gap substantially in the last two weeks.
“We have never seen a four-way contest like this in the first round of a presidential election,” Frederic Dabi of the Ifop polling institute told Agence France-Presse.
“There has been a real tightening of the race with four candidates between 19 percent and 23 percent,” he added.
Macron and Le Pen are tied on 22-23 percent, with Fillon improving to around 21 percent and Melenchon surging as high as 20 percent in some polls.
EU fears
With Le Pen expected to reach the second round, polls continue to indicate that whoever faces her will win, although after Brexit and Donald Trump's US election win, no one is taking anything for granted.
Melenchon has made the most remarkable breakthrough in recent weeks, surging as high as 20 percent in some polls with a far-left program that involves huge public spending and a pledge to re-negotiate all European Union treaties.
Le Pen wants to pull France out of the eurozone and also foresees a mass re-negotiation of EU treaties, sparking fears in Brussels that a victory for the far-right coming hot on the heels of Brexit could be fatal for the European bloc.
In contrast to Le Pen, Macron on Sunday told 20,000 people in Paris that France's future lay firmly in Europe, albeit one that suited French interests.
“We need Europe, so we will remake it,” Macron told the crowd. “I will be the president of the awakening of our European ambitions.”
In a reference to Le Pen, Macron said voters had the choice of “hope and courage over resignation.”
Abstention fears
Polls also show that more than a quarter of voters have yet to decide who they will support on Sunday.
Analysts say there is a growing danger of a high abstention rate affecting the result, possibly tipping the scales in favor of Fillon.
“The behavior of people who are currently planning not to vote is a major factor. If those on the right (who were going to abstain) decide to vote for Fillon, it changes things,” Ifop's Dabi said.
“It is one of the unknowns of a vote that has many unknowns.”
Fillon, a 63-year-old former prime minister, has been charged over allegations he gave his wife Penelope a fictional job as his parliamentary assistant for which she earned nearly 680,000 euros ($725,000) in public money.
Having led the polls at the turn of the year, the scandal hit his support hard.
But voters appear to be warming to his message that he is a safe pair of hands in an election of largely untested candidates.
Fillon said Sunday he was confident he would upend the polls and reach the second round. AFP
AFP/CC
BARGAINS: Red Dog: True Blue is one of the movies you can see for $10 in Bundy now.
THE switch to $10 movie tickets at Reading Cinemas Bundaberg has been welcomed by a flood of movie buffs visiting the silver screen on January 1.
The cheaper tickets were perfect for people looking for a relaxing way to beat the heat on Sunday.
Reading announced it was dropping the price of its standard ticket price on its Facebook page on Boxing Day.
The deal applies all day, every day, although some sessions, such as 3D screenings, are excluded.
BARGAIN: Reading Cinema Bundaberg has given residence the Christmas present that will bring cheer all-year-round, $10 tickets.
The cheap tickets and the hype surrounding Assassin's Creed, the summer blockbuster based on the hugely successful video game, emsured the premiere screening in Bundy was a sell-out.
Reading Cinemas Bundaberg jump-started 2017 with not only Assassin's Creed but also the highly anticipated Passengers, staring Oscar winner Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt.
On the domestic front, one Australian film that's been released for the holidays is Red Dog: True Blue.
It's the prequel to the 2011 smash hit Red Dog.
A spokesperson for Reading Bundaberg was unable to comment on the popularity of the films locally, nor how successful the new pricing regime had been.
Movie goers can skip the queues and avoid the risk of missing out on a seat by buying tickets at readingcinemas.com.au/ locations/theatre/ bundaberg or phoning 4152 1233.
Reading Cinema Bundaberg is at 1 Johanna Blvd.
By Bianca London
Posing beneath the night's sky, this couple's photo may look like a generic romantic holiday snap but it's leaving the internet baffled.
The image, which has been sweeping Instagram after it was shared by The Archbishop of Banterbury, shows a tanned couple posing for a photo in an exotic location.
The snap has, however, left the internet dumbfounded - because confused users can't work out what the woman in the photo is holding, according to the Daily Mail.
Advertisement
Countless users were left in hysterics because, at first glance, they believed the woman was holding the tree in her arm.
"F****** hell! I thought she was holding the tree!," wrote the man who shared the snap.
Thousands of users took to the comments section to share their confusion, with many pointing out she's simply holding her handbag.
The baffling photo has been "liked" 40,000 times on the Facebook page with thousands of amused users sharing it.
It comes after social media users with food on the brain were left doing a double take - after seeing a photograph of five snakes, which they initially thought were glazed doughnuts.
The confusion was sparked when Twitter user @beatriizz__ posted a snap of the slithering creatures, with the caption: "Wow look so pretty."
Social media users were left doing a double take - after seeing a photograph of five snakes, which they initially thought were glazed doughnuts. Photo / beatrilzz Twitter Social media users were left doing a double take - after seeing a photograph of five snakes, which they initially thought were glazed doughnuts. Photo / beatrilzz Twitter
But hundreds of followers reacted by saying they thought they were glazed doughnuts at first, until they enlarged the snap and discovered the baffling truth.
The bizarre optical illusion seems to have been caused by the unusual white markings on the scales of the snakes, which many mistook for being icing sugar.
The photograph has now been retweeted 14,000 times, with many describing their shock on discovering the picture was not what it seemed.
Mirai Botnet Starts Mining for Bitcoins In New Twist IBM X-Force has discovered a first-of-its-kind variant of the ELF Linux/Mirai malware that has a built-in component designed to mine bitcoins. The variant was first discovered without the bitcoin mining capability in August 2016, but traffic from the new strain containing links to ELF 64-bit binary files started towards the end of March 2017, increased by 50 percent in four days and disappeared another four days later. According to Dave McMillen, senior threat researcher at IBM managed security services, this new Mirai strain was similar to another recently-created version that leverages a Windows Trojan, but was focused on attacking Linux machines running BusyBox, a software that describes itself as the swiss army knife of embedded Linux. Mirai Mining The Windows version contained some extra capabilities from normal Mirai botnets such as SQL injection and brute-force attack tools, but the new ELF Linux/Mirai malware variant boasts an extra add-on in the form of a bitcoin miner slave. This led us to question the effectiveness of a bitcoin miner running on a simple IoT device that lacks the power to create many bitcoins, if any at all, McMillen writes. Given Mirai's power to infect thousands of machines at a time, however, there is a possibility that the bitcoin miners could work together in tandem as one large miner consortium. We haven't yet determined that capability, but we found it to be an interesting yet concerning possibility. Its possible that while the Mirai bots are idle and awaiting further instructions, they could be leveraged to go into mining mode. In a blog post, McMillen also highlighted the benefits of focusing on bitcoin mining due to society's growing preference of cashless payments, especially seeing as cyber criminal activity is often funded by the cryptocurrency. However, he questioned the economic validity of such a strategy: Almost four years ago, Krebs on Security discussed bitcoin mining bots; in that case, the compromised hosts were PCs. Mining bitcoins, however, is a CPU-intensive activity, he says. How many compromised devices would it take to make the mining of bitcoin a viable revenue source for attackers? Wouldn't attackers have better luck compromising a bitcoin exchange company, as has been the case numerous times in the past? Its possible they're looking to find a way to make bitcoin mining via compromised IoT devices a lucrative venture. Reign of Terror Although the potential impact of this new Mirai strain is unclear, the botnet which compromises IoT devices and launches distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks against predefined targets has been busy plaguing businesses and devices for some time. It first gained notoriety after being used in the high-profile attack on DNS hosting provider Dyn which took down the likes of Netflix, Twitter and Reddit and has since targeted Talk Talk and the Post Office in the UK. Most recently, it was responsible for a massive 54-hour attack on a US college which generated the highest traffic flow that security firm Imperva Incapsula had ever seen out of a Mirai botnet. © 2017 DesignMENA.com under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: IBM, Bitcoin, Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Botnet, IoT, Government, Cyberwarfare, Mirai
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A family faced "unthinkable" agony after a young man was found dead in the River Derwent
Matthew King, known to friends and family as Matt, was found in the water by a group of rowers on the morning of May 29 last year.
Paramedics arrived and moved the 21-year-old's body after emergency services descended on St Mary's Bridge, close to the Furnace Inn. He was pronounced dead at the scene and police began an investigation.
The court heard that Mr King, who had recently started a new job as a procurement buyer, had a relationship breakdown just days prior to the incident.
PC Luke Anthony-Walker, who was first to attend the 999 call, told the inquest that Mr King – formally of Lodge Lane, Darley – was last seen alive by his friend Ryan Ashby at around 3.30am after attending Derby nightclub Popworld for a night out.
PC Anthony-Walker said: "I was on duty at the time of the initial call, which took place at around 8.53am. When we arrived on scene the member of the pubic who had called in the incident was still present. Due to the location of the body the fire service was called to help with the retrieval of the body.
"After a search of the area, officers found a phone belonging to Matthew and attended a property in Lodge Lane where they spoke to Mrs King.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"There was no evidence to suggest foul play and given the note that was left on the phone he [Matthew] made it clear what he intended to do when he stepped into the river."
A pathologist from Royal Derby Hospital ruled that Mr King drowned, and had no previous mental health issues.
Recording a conclusion of suicide, assistant Derby coroner Rachel Syed gave her heartfelt condolences to the family.
She said: "Losing a 21-year-old son is simply unthinkable. But a significant factor seems to have occurred some days prior to the incident.
"Matthew was described as a happy-go-lucky and he did not raise any concerns or signs of being suicidal in the run up to the incident."
If you are feeling troubled you can call the Samaritans' 24-hour confidential helpline on 116 123
Share This: Rey's Parentage Is Definitely ‘Integral' To The Star Wars Saga Crystal
Star Wars: The Force Awakens introduced us to a fearless new heroine named Rey (Daisy Ridley), and in the next instalment of the Star Wars saga, The Last Jedi, we'll get to know even more about the Force-sensitive scavenger from Jakku as the film dives into her backstory. Of course, this means Episode VIII will address the most significant mystery surrounding the character: her parentage.
“It is integral. It is important. It's something that, interestingly enough, even as we were sitting and coming up with The Force Awakens, it was one of the central questions we were all asking ourselves,” Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy told MTV's Josh Horowitz at Star Wars Celebration. “So it's not surprising that the audience is going to continue to ask [that question]. We have to answer it at some point.
While Kennedy wouldn't confirm if the answer fans have been looking for happens in The Last Jedi or not, she did say that the anticipated middle chapter, like The Empire Strikes Back before it, will set up the conflict that will carry the characters to the end of the saga in Episode IX.
“There's no question that this is set up as a trilogy, and that three-act structure of the set up, the conflict, and the resolution very much is what we have planned,” she said. “But we do try hard to have these films stand on their own.”
As for where the Star Wars franchise goes from here, and whether it will be a continuation of the Skywalker saga, Kennedy says she and her team at Lucasfilm are “asking those questions right now.” But given the success of Rogue One, Lucasfilm does have every intention of doing more anthology films. Fans can anticipate that announcement sometime this summer.
Kennedy also had something important to say about the standalone Han Solo film that's currently filming at Pinewood Studios in London—but you can check that out for yourself in the video above.
National University (NU) opened its campaign with a bang by sweeping Adamson University at the start of Season 80 University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) volleyball tournament on Saturday at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City.
The Lady Bulldogs survived the pesky Lady Falcons, 25-15, 25-23, 16-25, 25-13, while the Bulldogs swept the Falcons in straight sets, 25-23, 25-19, 25-20.
Skipper Jaja Santiago had 16 points, 11 from kills, to power the NU women's squad. Audrey Paran and Aiko Urdas contributed nine markers apiece while Risa Sato and Roselyn Doria had eight points each for the Lady Bulldogs.
“First game is always exciting. We have many mistakes in our first game but I told my players to always enjoy themselves because they worked hard,” said new NU head coach Babes Raymond.
Downed two sets to none, the Lady Falcons opened the third frame with a 19-9 lead and never looked back for a 25-16 set win to stay in the game.
But NU was quick to recover from its meltdown and orchestrated a solid offense to seal the victory.
“We had a good showing in the match but I think there is still a lot to improve under the guidance of coach Babes especially in our conditioning. It was evident in the last set that we found ourselves slowing down instead of speeding up,” said Santiago, who is playing on her final year.
Rookie Chiara Permentilla led the Lady Falcons with 12 markers on nine kills and three service aces while Mylene Paat added 11 points.
Mary Joy Dacoron had nine while former La Salle Lady Spiker Eli Solud and team captain Jema Galanza chipped in seven and six markers for Adamson, respectively.
In the men's division, Bryan Bagunas lifted the Bulldogs with 16 points, 14 coming off the attack department while Fauzi Ismail contributed 14 points built on eight kills, three blocks, and three aces. Kim Malabunga added 10 points for NU.
Philip Yude was the lone Falcon to score in double digits with 13 points while Leo Miranda and Paolo Pablico combined for 16 markers.
In the other men's match, University of Santo Tomas (UST) averted a major collapse and scored a thrilling 25-21, 25-16, 15-25, 23-25, 16-14 win over La Salle.
The Tigers nearly squandered a 2-0 set lead as the Green Spikers forced a deciding fifth set after taking the third and fourth frames.
Joshua Umandal's attack gave UST a 15-14 lead in the final set and Cris Dumago's error cost the Green Spikers the match.
Umandal finished with 21 points on 20 attacks while Jayvee Sumagaysay and Arnold Bautista had 15 points each for UST.
Arjay Onia carried the load for the Green Spikers with his 20 points, all from the attack. Raymark Woo and Dumago had 15 and 11 points for La Salle, respectively.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
There is talk once again of an overall amnesty for the Troubles.
This, if it happened, would come about obliquely, via a Statute of Limitations.
The political push for such a statute at Westminster is aimed at protecting veterans from prosecution. The DUP MPs who support it are confident it can be restricted to ex security force personnel, but many legal experts think that it would have to apply across the board.
The main push for such a statute is Conservative MPs, who will not tolerate trials of elderly soldiers, and are probably not much interested in the consequences that might flow from stopping them.
It is not hard to understand the anger there is on this matter. If elderly soldiers are tried late in life for disputed single shooting incidents 45 years ago, then in a just world a determined effort would be made to bring to justice IRA leaders who orchestrated murder and mayhem, yet for whatever reason escaped the Troubles largely unscathed.
We all know this will not happen. Or if it did, the mere arrest of IRA leaders would lead to an outcry.
So the question remains: how does that soldiers now face trial?
In London today, veterans will again march against the unbalanced way in which legacy is panning out in Northern Ireland.
I hold to my view that this is one of the biggest scandals since the Second World War: that significant UK taxpayer funds are turned by the British state against itself in such circumstances.
A state that reacted with such restraint to a sustained campaign of IRA terror, a campaign that moved from indiscriminate bombings to targeted attacks on the security forces and judges, and then, when the security forces got better at protecting themselves, widened to people who supplied or worked for the security services (grievous crimes such as Patsy Gillespie and Teebane) and strayed into politicians, such as the lawyer Edgar Graham, and then when that failed moved to huge economic bombs in majority Protestant towns such as Coleraine and Bangor, and when that failed moved to economic targets in Great Britain.
Central to the retrospective distortion of events is the collusion lie, peddled by republicans and fuelled by a sweeping, entirely misleading use of the word collusion.
There were clearly instances of even the worst collusion, yet overall few IRA died despite being well known to the security forces (until the late 1980s, early 90s when there were some notable IRA deaths).
The real story of the Troubles is the many people who died at the hands of republicans because Britain so scrupulously adhered to the rule of law. Indeed, it is arguable that the UK failed in its duty to protect these victims from known fanatics (a failure under Article Two of the European Convention of Human Rights, which protects life, but an article which has been hijacked by apologists for IRA killers).
Like many people who have followed the legacy debate, I have wondered about the possible merits of an amnesty. Few people, for example, want to chase secondary illegal incidents of 20+ years ago.
The problem with an amnesty becomes stark when you think, for example, of granting such to culprits of massacres of civilians, as at the 1994 Loughinisland attack or La Mon, 40 years ago this month.
That would be ceasing to pursue people who deserve to be tried before an international court.
There is now a risk we will get things exactly the wrong way round: push ahead with processes that lead to a de facto amnesty, then establish legacy structures that have an inherent anti state bias. No-one gets prosecuted on any side but the IRA wins the narrative.
There needs to be a close examination of legacy to date: for example the situation in which 30% of PSNI legacy investigations are into state killings when the state was behind 10% of all Troubles deaths.
It would be good for republicans if even 10% of investigative resources were spent on state killings, because it would imply that security force killings were illegitimate.
The scale of the legacy challenge is evident in how the News Letter has again been almost the only media outlet to ask certain questions.
As Jeff Dudgeon and Owen Polley pointed out on these pages, there has been woefully little scrutiny of last Friday's Loughinisland ruling outside of this newspaper.
If a court had issued such withering words on members of the security forces, republicans would have had no difficulty in making it transatlantic news.
• Ben Lowry (@BenLowry2) is News Letter deputy editor
Ben Lowry: Three road upgrades in the news – A1, A5 and A75
Scientists say they're several steps closer to perfecting a method for saving the northern white rhino from extinction.
In this March 2, 2018 file photo, keeper Zachariah Mutai attends to Fatu, one of only two female northern white rhinos left in the world, at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya. Source: Associated Press
Writing in the journal Nature Communications, researchers said Wednesday they've succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino.
It's the first time such hybrid embryos have been created, and the scientists from Europe and the United States hope it will provide a pathway to saving the northern white rhino sub-species, of which only two females remain.
They plan to harvest the females' egg cells soon and produce "pure" northern white rhinos to be borne by a southern white surrogate in three years. They're also working on a second method that would see sperm and eggs produced from preserved cells of northern white rhinos.
A man caught on camera waving for help inside a burning London apartment building has been rescued after being trapped for nearly 12 hours.
The man, believed to be in his 50s, was trapped inside the Grenfell Tower while the fire rapidly spread through the 24-storey complex.
Those watching helplessly below filmed the man waving what appears to be a jumper to attract rescue teams below.
firefighters were able to reach the man and pull him to safety.
Come join our award-winning God of War development team! We are looking for an experienced, qualified contractor to take on the specialized role of Senior VFX Artist at a critical juncture in our game development cycle. This individual will work side by side with our art and tech teams to create VFX that enhance gameplay, help set the mood and feel of unique environments, and bring visceral epic experiences to our players.
As a Senior VFX Artist, you will help create jaw dropping visuals that set the bar for the PS4. You must possess the ability to effectively collaborate with the art and creative directors to create VFX that are stunning while also working with other development team members to ensure technical feasibility. Help us create amazing top of class games that will set the PS4 apart from the rest!
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Content creation of visual VFX across all areas of the game ranging from natural environmental VFX, to VFX to punctuate game action, to VFX for characters and their interaction with elements in the game world.
Work closely with engine programmers to build future tools, pipelines, and graphic potential.
Work closely with the Art and Game Directors to deliver their vision of the VFX as they pertain to the game pillars.
Maintain a strong knowledge of the game's design to support communication and allow better discussions.
Create and maintain VFX and shader libraries.
Resolve assortment of complex artistic/ VFX development issues for other VFX Artists and other team members.
Actively develop and improve skill set and abilities by keeping aware of industry trends and techniques, evaluating competitive products, and learning new software packages and traditional art methods.
Demonstrate strong time management and prioritization skills by collaborating with the Production group to develop task lists, ensuring assignments are progressing according to schedules, milestones and overall project goals.
QUALIFICATIONS:
For a long time, it looked like new year, same old... stuff from Saints.
Appearing to lack penetration, they were struggling to overpower and out-think a stubborn Gloucester side.
And to add to the frustration, the Cherry and Whites were taking advantage of lapses by Jim Mallinder's men, marching into a 9-0 half-time lead.
With neither side looking like scoring a try, it appeared penalties would win the day.
But Saints improved after the break, working with the conditions and showing more aggression in attack.
They were rewarded with a penalty try and conversion that would win the game.
George North was back in action for Saints after missing the previous three matches
And how fitting it was that Stephen Myler secured the victory.
The fly-half's 300th Northampton appearance was like so many before, as he landed a late kick to pick up priceless Aviva Premiership points.
It was probably the easiest match-winning effort he has ever had.
But it was no less important than others, such as the ones at Wasps and Exeter in the 2013/14 double-winning season.
Mike Haywood put in a big shift on his 150th Saints appearance
Saints simply had to start 2017 with a win.
They had targeted this game, along with the two that sandwiched it, against Sale Sharks and Bristol.
And now with two wins from two, they can look forward to facing a reinvigorated west country outfit at Franklin's Gardens on Saturday.
Saints have still not lost the first game of the new year since being defeated by Harlequins in 2011.
Teimana Harrison was a driving force for Saints
And they will now hope this Kingsholm success is the start of a better 12 months than the ones they recently experienced.
There is still clearly plenty of work to be done with the current crop of players.
There are improvements needed across the board.
But Saints now have a little momentum.
And with the ability to rest and rotate during Champions Cup and Anglo-Welsh Cup weeks to come, they will be fresh for the top-six fight.
They are now just four points behind local rivals Leicester Tigers, having fallen 11 points behind Richard Cockerill's side with a defeat at Welford Road on December 3.
Harry Mallinder made a big impact after coming off the bench
And there is all chance Saints could go level or above Tigers this weekend, with the team from up the M1 having to travel to in-form Wasps.
It would be a satisfying sight for Saints supporters to see their side above Leicester in the league standings going back into Europe.
Bristol will not be taken lightly, but a victory will be Saints' minimum requirement.
And if they have to win ugly once again, then so be it.
How they rated...
BEN FODEN
Always looked secure under the high ball, giving Saints vital stability, and he made a key intervention to stop Ben Morgan scoring... 7
KEN PISI
Had a horrible half as he knocked on a couple of times and was put under real pressure by Gloucester, leading to his withdrawal at the break... 3
LUTHER BURRELL
Helped Foden to hold up Morgan, stopping a certain try, and also carried well in attack as Saints stepped it up in the second period... 7
JJ HANRAHAN
Wasn't able to provide his usual invention in a game that was largely fought out between the two sets of forwards... 6
GEORGE NORTH
Gloucester tested him with an aerial bombardment early on, but he coped admirably and was able to get on the front foot a bit more in the second half... 7
STEPHEN MYLER
Kicked the winning conversion on his 300th Saints appearance, which once again saw him bring a calming presence to proceedings... 7
NIC GROOM
A couple of his kicks were a bit wayward and one or two didn't get enough distance, but he never shied away from the scrap... 6
ALEX WALLER
Gave away one early penalty but bounced back well enough as the Saints pack battled bravely in torrid conditions... 6
MIKE HAYWOOD
The hooker put in yet another huge shift and was a contender for the man of the match award as he was tireless throughout... 7
KIERAN BROOKES
Enjoyed the early stages of the game, cranking up the heat on Gloucester's Josh Hohneck and carrying well... 7
COURTNEY LAWES
Made a couple of big carries as Saints tried to step it up in terms of physicality and he was also a key figure in the lineout... 7
CHRISTIAN DAY
Marshalled Saints' maul situations well and his knowledge of the game is so vital to this side... 7
TOM WOOD
The skipper was part of another big back row display, putting himself about and ensuring Gloucester couldn't get through the Saints defence... 7
TEIMANA HARRISON
Was really dynamic after the break, making one surge into enemy territory that brought back memories of last season... 7
LOUIS PICAMOLES - CHRON STAR MAN
With Saints struggling to make metres during the first half, this man took the game by the scruff of the neck in the second period, pushing Gloucester back... 7
Replacements (who played more than 20 minutes)
HARRY MALLINDER (for Pisi 40)
Really added to proceedings as he looked for openings and ran at the Gloucester defence in a bid to open the home side up... 7
THERE'S just no pleasing some people. The UK's got World Heritage Sites, a vibrant and cultured capital city and great landscapes.
But not all visitors are impressed. As some recent less-than-glowing TripAdvisor reviews reveal.
Take Stonehenge for instance. An acknowledged wonder of the ancient world and Unesco heritage site? Not so for one reviewer: ‘Just a bunch of rocks.' For another: ‘The definition of a tourist trap. Miles and miles of travelling to arrive at a park where you are given an audio guide to some really uninteresting rocks.'
Surely the white cliffs of Dover, the first glimpse of Britain for many visitors, would fare better? Not exactly: ‘Except for the historical significance, there isn't anything exciting about the cliffs as they are today. Glistening white? They're more like a dingy brown.'
Maybe the other end of the country - Land's End, Cornwall - would cut it? Hardly! ‘Went out of our way to visit while camping in Cornwall and wished we hadn't bothered. The landmark has all the charm of a really bad service station, everything seemed overly commercialised and overpriced. We left after half an hour.'
London wouldn't come in for so much stick, eh? Wrong! Trafalgar Square's ‘too noisy' and Leicester Square's ‘hell on a stick. Bars rammed full of tourists and the square full of kids trying to nick fags off you.'
What about the prestigious British Museum? Well, for one reviewer it's ‘coma inducing.' For another: ‘We really tried to like the exhibits but it was just so utterly boring.'
And Scotland? Forget it! Ben Nevis is ‘too steep and too high' and Loch Ness (‘just a regular lake') is hardly worth the trip.
TripAdvisor - by the people, for the people - is a site that encapsulates the internet conundrum. Its benefits to the paying public are obvious but its misuse can be devastating. Undoubtedly a useful tool, it's obviously only as good as the reviewers. Aim to get corroborating information from other travel sites… or, better still for this year's holidays, simply use your own judgement.
Nora Johnson's crime thrillers ‘The Girl in the Red Dress,' ‘No Way Back,' ‘Landscape of Lies,' ‘Retribution,' ‘Soul Stealer,' ‘The De Clerambault Code' (www.nora-johnson.net) from Amazon in paperback/ eBook (€0.99;£0.99) and iBookstore. All profits to Costa del Sol Cudeca charity.
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — The annual report on greenhouse gases in Iowa shows the emissions of those gases has fallen for the second year in a row.
DNR senior environmental specialist, Marnie Stein, says statewide emissions decreased by two percent from 2015 levels. She says emission levels have decreased as Iowa's power source has changed. “Power plant emissions have decreased 40 percent from their peak in 2010, and the amount of wind generation of electricity in Iowa has increased from four percent in 2005 to up to 37 percent in 2016,” Stein explains, “while the amount of electricity generated in Iowa from coal has decreased from 78 percent to 47 percent.”
The power plant emissions decreased by 14 percent in the last year. “It's a combination of some units switching from coal to natural gas and then some units not being run because there is enough wind in the state to provide electricity on some days,” Stein says.
The emissions from power plants were the only greenhouse gas source in the state to see a decline in this year's report, and they offset the increases in other areas, which were about five percent. “The largest source of greenhouse emissions in Iowa are actually in agriculture –they are about 31 percent — and then power plants emit about 20 percent. And then fossil fuels used by homes, businesses and industries is about 25 percent, and then transportation is about 15 percent,” according to Stein.
There are a couple of sources of emissions from agriculture. “The majority of emissions from agriculture are from crop production, from fertilizer which goes through the nitrification process which emits N2O — which is a greenhouse gas,” Stein says. “And the other half of emissions are from animals — from things like cows — and then manure.”
Stein says the agriculture emissions are estimated using formulas based on the amount of acres farmed and the number of animals. Overall the report says the state let loose 128 million metric tons of greenhouse gases in 2016. “That's the same amount of greenhouse gases that would come if you sent six million tons of garbage to the landfill instead of recycling it,” Stein says. “And another way to view it is it would take 151 million acres of trees to store the amount of carbon that was emitted last year.”
This is the 11th greenhouse gas inventory report that is mandated by the Iowa Legislature to document emissions trends and track progress in reducing emissions. Find the complete report by clicking here
http://www.iowadnr.gov/Environmental-Protection/Air-Quality/Greenhouse-Gas-Emissions
Soccer-English premier league results and standings
April 17 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the English premier league matches on Monday Monday, April 17 Middlesbrough 1 Arsenal 2 Sunday, April 16 Manchester United 2 Chelsea 0 West Bromwich Albion 0 Liverpool 1 Saturday, April 15 Crystal Palace 2 Leicester City 2 Everton 3 Burnley 1 Southampton 0 Manchester City 3 Stoke City 3 Hull City 1 Sunderland 2 West Ham U
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From hacking phones with malicious apps to targeting engaged couples looking to spend big on their weddings - a bank has issued a warning over eight key scams it expects to see on the rise in 2018.
The bank has predicted ways crooks could try to con people this year so that it can prevent customers becoming victims.
The warning has been made today, along with advice which has also been put together to stop people being tricked.
The bank has worked with research agency the Future Laboratory to analyse scams trends from the last 18 months and predict eight emerging frauds in 2018.
These are the danger areas it has highlighted:
1. Social media spying. People might not realise how much information they are giving away, but to a fraudster the posts can be very helpful in setting up a scam.
2. Malicious software on smartphones. It is expected that malware or malicious software threats will grow among mobile devices.
3. Bogus Brexit investments. Consumers should be wary of fake investment opportunities. For example, scammers may email customers, warning Brexit will affect their savings, and that they urgently need to move them into a seemingly plausible, but actually fake, investment product.
4. Fraudsters preying on World Cup excitement. Some fraudsters will sell football tickets that are either fake or will never arrive. It is also expected that "package trips" will be offered by fake travel companies.
5. Money mules. Mule recruiters may trawl social media for potential targets, particularly cash-strapped students in university towns, and use them to inadvertently launder money. Money mules receive the stolen funds into their account, they are then asked to withdraw it and send the money to a different account, often one overseas, keeping some of the money for themselves.
6. Wedding excitement. Experts fear couples could be easy prey for scammers who tempt victims with extravagant offers at bargain prices. Scammers can set up fake websites for elements of the big day like venue hire, catering, or wedding dresses that appear very realistic. Fake wedding planners will take people's money and then disappear.
7. Romance scams. Criminals create fake profiles to form a relationship with their victims. They use messaging to mine victims' personal details to use for identity fraud. Or, just when the victim thinks they have met the perfect partner the scammer asks them for money.
8. Scams aimed at first-time buyers. Computer hackers monitor emails sent by a solicitor to a first-time buyer and then they pounce, pretending to be the solicitor and telling them the solicitors' bank account details have changed in order to steal cash.
Julie McArdle, NatWest security manager, said: "Scammers are dogged in their attempts to get their hands on people's money and are always looking for new ways to get ahead. This means banks and customers need to evolve alongside scammers too.
"By being aware and staying ahead of scammers, we can stop them winning and keep the country's money safe and secure."
To help thwart scammers, NatWest said people should feel confident about turning down unsolicited requests for personal information.
It said if something feels wrong then it is usually right to pause and question it.
It said people should follow their bank's security advice and never provide remote access to their device when asked to do so following a cold call.
They should also be cautious about what information they provide on social media.
People should also make sure their mobiles have the latest security upgrades, NatWest said.
A bank will never ask a customer to transfer money for fraud reasons or contact them out of the blue to ask for their Pin or full password.
MemeVideo launches Robocop 2.3 and Outstream Hybrid, to help marketers and publishers improve video ad performance
logomemevideo
Media Contact
Ronen Menipaz
+1-347-418-0769
***@memevideo.com Ronen Menipaz+1-347-418-0769
End
-- MemeVideo, the leading video advertising, and self-service campaign management solution for publishers, developers, and individuals announces their latest innovations in digital advertising solutions,andwill provide marketers with an innovative optimization SaaS that will enable them to better manage their video advertising campaigns, by precisely targeting their audience, using a fully automated system that selectively directs traffic to designated tags, creating a more laser-focused digital campaign and that will better maximize their returns.The new software also allows marketers to optimize their campaigns by eliminating the need for campaign managers, thus, reducing costs. The new 2.3 version also offers a full commitment to fixed KPIs making this ideal for SaaS media buyers."I've never seen anything like this in all my years working in the industry - it's almost magical, our results have tripled and they keep on improving. If you thought you've seen it all and are hands-on in the industry - you obviously haven't tried Robocop yet" Carmon Leor, Video Account Manager S&W Media GroupMemeVideo's newest tool for publishers,, can instantly transform any website on any device into premium video inventory and natively integrate into premium publishers' content, taking the user experience to the next level by using viewable and non-intrusive video advertising.also reduces the need for ad real estate, allowing publishers to leverage their space on the site for other uses."MemeVideo strives to bring cutting edge innovation to the advertising industry. By understanding that communication is changing, we constantly try to help our customers find the most effective and cost-efficient ways to reach their target audiences. With the launch of Robocop 2.3 and Outstream Hybrid, we can continue to help marketers and publishers execute successful video campaigns that will maximize their ROI" – Eran Haggiag, Co Founder & CEO of MemeVideoRobocop 2.3 andare currently available; for additional information on MemeVideo, please visit http://www.memevideo.com
ROCK SPRINGS — The City of Rock Springs has released the following updates on the road construction the last few days on Broadway Street in downtown Rock Springs.
The City of Rock Springs anticipates Broadway will be paved this Thursday, April 26th. Construction will begin 7 am to 7 pm.
City crews will be out the following day, Friday April 27th, to begin striping parking stalls.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The city asks that motorists please acknowledge and obey all traffic control devices during this operation.
The city apologizes for any inconveniences this may cause, and will do their best to have the street back to normal operation as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience and cooperation.
(Credit: Def Jam)
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again. A previously unreleased song of his is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse.
Related: Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip, Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen. “This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I'm at war with my emotions / I'm coming home now / I'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong,” he raps.
Watch the trailer for the film below.
Previously, Staples' song “BagBak” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther. The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018.
Steven M. Finger, Publisher
Contribute articles or suggestions, apply for an internship, create an alliance, or contact Mr. Finger himself, at: stevenmfinger@lafreepress.com For 1960s and '70s interviews, reviews, and adverts, or info on people, places or events, send your request to: stevenmfinger@lafreepress.com. Please use a Subject Line of:ARCHIVE Request for [this]
Google's speech-to-text recognition has added another 21 languages including Sinhala and Tamil, the global internet giant announced today.
Google has been updating Gboard for Android with voice support for more international languages, working with native speakers to train machine learning models.
Today, Google announced that it's supporting an additional 20 languages and also adding English dialects for four African countries.
This means language support for a total of 30 new international locations, mostly centered on the Indian subcontinent and Africa.
The full list of languages is: Amharic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Bengali, English (Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania), Georgian, Gujurati, Javanese, Kannada, Khmer, Lao, Latvian, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Sinhala, Sundanese, Swahili, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu. In total, this brings the grand total of Gboard's voice recognition to 119 languages.
These languages can be accessed today in Cloud Speech API, which means that they will soon be available across Google services and products, including in apps such as Google Translate.
– Agencies
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
NEW YORK — Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing himself upon her sexually and accused “Kill Bill” director Quentin Tarantino of making her perform a dangerous car stunt that injured her.
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein had been widely anticipated since she hinted late last year that she had a story to tell about the beleaguered movie mogul, who has been accused of sexual misconduct against many women, but wanted to wait until she was less angry. Her story came in an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
“I used the word ‘anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth,” Thurman said in the Times article. “I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time.”
Thurman told Dowd that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with him suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading her to a steam room but that the first “attack” — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
“He pushed me down,” she said. “He tried to shove himself on me. He tried to expose himself. He did all kinds of unpleasant things. But he didn't actually put his back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard.”
Later, she alleged, she arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: “If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you.”
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator disheveled and shaking.
“Her eyes were crazy, and she was totally out of control,” said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, she revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail her career.
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: “The article speaks for itself.”
Weinstein, the executive producer of award-winning movies including Matt Damon and Ben Affleck's “Good Will Hunting” and Tarantino's “Pulp Fiction,” acknowledged making an “awkward pass” at Thurman but denied physical assault and emphasized a longstanding professional relationship with her.
“Mr. Weinstein acknowledges making an awkward pass 25 years ago at Ms. Thurman in England after misreading her signals, after a flirtatious exchange in Paris, for which he immediately apologized and deeply regrets,” his representative Holly Baird said in an emailed statement. “However, her claims about being physically assaulted are untrue.”
The statement questioned why Thurman waited 25 years to make her allegations public and said numerous photographs show Thurman and Weinstein had a “strong relationship” for many years.
Thurman, one of the stars of “Pulp Fiction,” also was quoted as saying that just before shooting began on Tarantino's “Kill Bill: Vol. 1,” which came out in 2003, she told Tarantino about Weinstein and he confronted the mogul, leading him to apologize.
But Thurman also described a harrowing onset episode on location in Mexico in which Tarantino ignored her expressed fears of driving a car that she had been warned might be faulty.
Tarantino persuaded her to do it, the article said, quoting him as saying, “Hit 40 miles per hour or your hair won't blow the right way and I'll make you do it again.”
Video accompanying the article online shows Thurman struggling to control the car and crashing into a tree.
Thurman said in the article “that was a deathbox that I was in,” the seat “wasn't screwed down properly” and the sand road “was not a straight road.” She said that after the crash she left a hospital in a neck brace with damaged knees and a concussion.
Tarantino's representatives did not respond to the AP's request for comment. The Times also did not get a response, according to the article.
Weinstein, who has been accused by scores of women of sexual assault or harassment, was fired by the film company he founded with his brother and was expelled from Hollywood's movie academy. He has apologized for causing “a lot of pain” with “the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past” but has denied “any allegations of non-consensual sex.”
April 5 Quaker Chemical Corp
* Quaker Chemical and Houghton International to combine
* Quaker Chemical Corp - Quaker Chemical will assume Houghton International's debt and cash, with net debt of approximately $690 million at year-end 2016
* Quaker Chemical Corp says Houghton International shareholders will receive $172.5 million of cash
* Quaker Chemical - anticipates achieving cost synergies of approximately $45 million, the majority of which will be realized within two years of deal closing
* Quaker Chemical Corp - after close of transaction, shares of combined company will continue to be listed on New York Stock Exchange
* Quaker Chemical - has secured $1.15 billion in committed financing from Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. to support deal
* Quaker Chemical- agreement approved by co's board, Houghton International's board with full support of Hinduja Group
* Quaker Chemical Corp - companies will continue to operate independently until transaction is completed
* Quaker Chemical- Houghton shareholders also to receive 24.5 percent ownership of combined co, representing about 4.3 million shares of newly issued Quaker chemical stock
* Quaker Chemical Corp - following closing of transaction, new company is expected to have a 12-member board of directors
* Quaker Chemical - Michael Barry will continue as chairman, CEO of new business, structure of co will be determined in period between signing, closing
* Quaker Chemical Corp says post-transaction, combined company expects to continue to maintain its dividend
* Quaker Chemical Corp - board of new company will consist of 9 directors from Quaker Chemical and 3 directors to be nominated by Hinduja Group
* As per deal, Hinduja Group will become Quaker Chemical's largest shareholder Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 0:59 Little feet fly at the Hawks Dance Team's Kids Dance Camp Pause 0:54 Olympia Pet Emergency moving back to Lacey 5:40 Gregg Bell on Michael Bennett's anthem sit, backup QBs shining and more from preseason opener 1:38 July, 2017 fight at the Artesian Commons Park 1:12 Olympia couple building their dream one cottage at a time 0:49 Super slow-motion shows power of black powder shooting 0:50 Shop fire closes 113th Avenue south of Tumwater 0:29 Gurneys fall from coroner's van into intersection 26:02 County Commissioner calls homelessness a "municipal issue" 1:31 Large brush fire threatens homes causes evacuation in Rochester Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Olympia Pet Emergency is expanding to a larger building - the former Native New Yorker restaurant on Pacific Avenue - as the clinic returns to Lacey. Tony Overman toverman@theolympian.com
Olympia Pet Emergency is expanding to a larger building - the former Native New Yorker restaurant on Pacific Avenue - as the clinic returns to Lacey. Tony Overman toverman@theolympian.com
The Cowboy State will see partly cloudy skies today and warmer temperatures. The northern areas will be mostly cloudy. Breezy winds across the region. Flooding continues along the Green and New Fork Rivers, with other streams and rivers slowly dropping in water levels.
Check the latest road conditions from WYDOT
Today
Sunny, with a high near 71. Breezy, with a west wind 8 to 13 mph increasing to 16 to 21 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 29 mph.
Tonight
Mostly clear, with a low around 41. Breezy, with a west wind 11 to 16 mph becoming light and variable after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 23 mph.
Thursday
Sunny, with a high near 79. Breezy, with a light and variable wind becoming west 10 to 15 mph in the morning. Winds could gust as high as 22 mph.
Thursday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 46. Breezy, with a west wind 13 to 18 mph decreasing to 5 to 10 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 26 mph.
Friday
Mostly cloudy, with a high near 77. Breezy, with a west wind 6 to 11 mph increasing to 17 to 22 mph in the afternoon. Winds could gust as high as 31 mph.
Friday Night
Mostly cloudy, with a low around 47. Breezy, with a west wind 13 to 18 mph decreasing to 6 to 11 mph after midnight. Winds could gust as high as 25 mph.
Saturday
Mostly sunny, with a high near 77. Breezy, with a west wind 14 to 22 mph, with gusts as high as 33 mph.
Saturday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 45. Breezy.
Sunday
Sunny, with a high near 82.
Sunday Night
Mostly clear, with a low around 48.
Monday
Sunny, with a high near 86.
Monday Night
Partly cloudy, with a low around 52.
Tuesday
Sunny, with a high near 90.
A Facebook video of an Ohio man shooting a 74-year-old retiree in Cleveland was up for three hours Sunday after it was posted, raising questions about the social-media network's process for taking down objectionable content posted by its users.
The shooter's profile page was also removed. Facebook will deactivate accounts if it determines they pose safety threats.
FACEBOOK POLICY
The company said it does not allow such "horrific crime" on Facebook.
It has algorithms that attempt to automatically filter out some stuff, like pornography. But the decision of whether to take down violent acts on video is more complicated.
There is a team that monitors videos in dozens of languages, and must decide what to remove. Graphic videos and images that document human rights abuses and are intended to make others aware of them, for example, could be permitted.
Videos that violate the company's standards , including those that "glorify" violence, that are "shared for sadistic pleasure," or that mock victims, would be removed.
It's not alone in this approach. Google says "violent" or "gory" videos intended to be "shocking, sensational or disrespectful" shouldn't be on YouTube but, like Facebook, says that it allows videos of some violent episodes to remain, such as footage of, say, protesters being beaten with information added about the date, location and additional "context." Users report graphic or violent videos.
SOCIAL BENEFIT
Live video posted of Philando Castile , a black man who was shot by police in Minnesota during a traffic stop, helped drive attention to police shootings of black men through millions of viewings in July 2016. The video was down briefly, which the company blamed on a glitch, but then was back up. Facebook attached a warning about graphic content.
REMOVAL PROCESS
Facebook relies on users to report videos that glorify violence or disrespect victims. People have to know how to report videos and take the step to do it. Facebook reviews most video within hours, but that means some take longer.
One exception: Videos posted live that rack up a certain high number of viewers are reviewed by the company and can be interrupted without any reports from users. The company would not specify what that threshold is.
Indiana Pacers' Al Jefferson is defended by Philadelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Indianapolis. Darron Cummings AP Photo
By Jon Wiederhorn
Blondie have released a video for “Fun,” the first single from their upcoming album Pollinator. Directed by Beyoncé collaborator Dikyal Rimmasch, the clip lives up to the song's title, featuring the band in a spaceship, wandering another planet and animated footage of galactic travel contrasted with performance shots and images of people partying on the dance floor.
Related: Blondie and Garbage Announce Co-Headlining Summer Tour
Guitarist Chris Stein said the interstellar theme was an effort to escape the stress and turmoil of modern day events. “Quoting Emma Goldman, ‘If I can't dance I don't want to be part of your revolution.' In these trying times we need some fun. We're very serious about fun,” he told NME.
“The video was shot in two places,” he added. “The color stuff was all shot in LA without us and the black and white stuff was shot in New York. It's got some good cameos—it's got a pretty big cameo from Raja, who's one of the Drag Race superstars, and little cameos from Grace McKagan, Duff McKagan's daughter who has a band called The Pink Slips, and also Tony Maserati, who was a producer and mixer for us.”
Stein and vocalist Debbie Harry wrote the upbeat, disco-inflected “Fun” with TV On The Radio member Dave Sitek. Pollinator, which is scheduled for release May 5, also features writing by Johnny Marr, Sia, Charli XCX, The Strokes guitarist Nick Valensi and Dev Hynes. It will be Blondie's first record since 2014's Ghost of Download.
With temperatures set to plummet well below zero degrees tonight the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice for the evening and tomorrow morning.
A spokesman for the Met Office said: "Ice is expected to form on some surfaces from late Monday afternoon and last overnight into Tuesday morning.
The warning from the Met Office
"There will probably be icy stretches on untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths with some injuries possible from slips and falls.
"Temperatures are likely to fall rapidly below freezing later on Monday across much of the area. This will lead to icy stretches, particularly where snow melt has occurred during the day, or where a mix of rain and snow has fallen across the south of the area."
The Met Office weather warning is in force between 4pm today, Monday, and 11am tomorrow, Tuesday December 12.
RELATED: 10 key DOs and DONTs of snow and ice driving
Missouri Attorney General Josh Hawley kicks off his campaign to win the GOP nomination for U.S. Senate last week. Margaret Stafford AP
A man has been arrested in connection with an IRA bomb attack that killed a Catholic nun and three police officers.
The 54-year-old suspect was detained at Belfast International Airport on Monday morning.
He is the second man detained in relation to the 1990 attack in Co Armagh in less than a week.
A 55-year-old man arrested and questioned last Thursday was released pending a police file being submitted to Northern Ireland's Public Prosecution Service.
Sister Catherine Dunne, Constable William Hanson, Reserve Constable Joshua Willis and Reserve Constable David Sterritt were killed when a landmine exploded on the Killylea Road, Armagh, on July 24 1990.
Another woman was seriously injured in the blast.
The arrests have been carried out by the Police Service of Northern Ireland's legacy investigation branch.
The suspect detained on Monday has been taken to the PSNI's serious crime suite at Musgrave station in Belfast.
Wins 2016 Visual Impact Award in the Personal Care category for Vatika Advans Transparent Hair Gel's Viva IML Tubes
End
-- Dubai, UAE, 18 April, 2017 - Dabur International has won the 2016 Visual Impact Award in the Personal Care category for Vatika Advans Transparent Hair Gel's Viva IML Tubes at the 38th Package of the Year Awards. The annual gala ceremony was organized recently by the New Jersey Packaging Executive Club (NJPEC), an organization of packaging professionals, at the Madison Hotel in Morristown, New Jersey, USA to celebrate excellence in the packaging industry.A panel of judges, representing the broad spectrum of the packaging industry, recognized Vatika Advans Transfix Hair Gel's Viva IML Tube for its unique packaging design with crystal effect labels which is the first of its kind in the gel category. While the holographic effect on the tube displays colours of the rainbow when rotated in different angles to give a 3-dimensional (3D) effect, the shiny label effectively conveys the wet look the gel will have on hair. Available in the size of 150 ml tube and 250 ml jar, the design is a blend of stability and aesthetics.Ashok Visweswaran, DGM, Dabur International, said: "The packaging of Vatika Advans Transparent Hair Gel was a creative challenge for us as we wanted to design it in a way to ensure functionality of clean flow of the gel with precise control. In addition, we wanted the tube to be striking in style to capture consumer imagination from the store's aisle as well as able to aesthetically portray the ingredients and usage while displaying the product. The winning of the 2016 Visual Impact trophy at the prestigious Package of the Year Awards is a recognition of Dabur International's pioneering packaging design for Vatika Advans Transparent Hair Gel's Viva IML Tubes.""At Dabur International, we not only strive to bring out unique and natural personal care products for our consumers but also explore various packaging options to ensure that they are aesthetically pleasing in style and functional in design. Our award-winning packaging design for Vatika Advans Transparent Hair Gel's Viva IML Tubes, which is the first-of-its-kind in the region, have been able to impress both consumers and the jury of the 2016 Package of the Year Awards. The award will serve as a motivation for us to be creative in our packaging and design as we are in formulation of our products," concluded Rikka Mehta, Head of Marketing Communication, Dabur International.The annual NJPEC Package of the Year Awards recognizes the year's best packaging designs and innovations through an elite panel of judges. This year, the panel selected 50 winners in 10 different industry segment categories.
CHARLOTTE - Injuries and poor execution in the red zone helped end the Minnesota Viking's eight game winning streak.
Vikings quarterback Case Keenum threw for 280 yards with two touchdowns and two interceptions. The second interception came late in the game when Stefon Diggs popped a pass in the air and the Panthers intercepted it.
Minnesota's defense also struggled. They gave up over 200 yards on the ground, including three rushing touchdowns from Jonathan Stewart.
Late in the game, with Minnesota down 21-24 Panther QB Cam Newton threw an interception to the Vikings. Andrew Sendejo picked off the pass and ran it all the way back to the Carolina 7-yard line. Minnesota failed to find the end zone and settled for a field goal tying the game at 24-24.
The next drive ,Minnesota's defense gave up a massive run to Cam Newton which set up the game-winning touchdown for Carolina.
Adam Thielen led Minnesota in receptions and yards with 6-105 and a touchdown.
Firm Advances Growth Strategy While Enhancing Cash Balance Capabilities
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Ascensus
• Kravitz
• Acquisitions Industry:
• Finance Location:
• Dresher - Pennsylvania - US Subject:
• Mergers
Contact
Roberta Hess
SVP, Marketing and Communications
***@ascensus.com Roberta HessSVP, Marketing and Communications
End
-- Ascensus, a technology and service provider that helps more than 7 million Americans save for the future, announced that it has completed the acquisition of Kravitz, Inc. that was previously announced on June 6, 2017. As a result of the acquisition, Ascensus will serve approximately 50,000 retirement plans.Kravitz, Inc. is a retirement administration firm and Cash Balance specialist focused on bringing its clients the latest in the design, administration, and management of corporate retirement plans. As part of the deal, Ascensus also acquired Kravitz Back Office Solutions, which delivers private-label actuarial services to third-party administrators across the country to help them grow and succeed with Cash Balance plans. Not included in the deal were Kravitz Investment Services, Inc., a registered investment advisor that supports Cash Balance investments, and the Payden/Kravitz Cash Balance Plan Fund, a mutual fund designed exclusively for Cash Balance retirement plans."The addition of Kravitz to the Ascensus family of companies represents a significant step for our growth strategy," says Raghav Nandagopal, Ascensus' executive vice president of corporate development and M&A. "We are aggressively pursuing acquisition opportunities not only in our core markets of retirement and college savings solutions, but also within natural adjacencies like health solutions, benefits administration, and other areas. This will help us to meet our goal of closing at least 8 to 10 new acquisitions per year for the foreseeable future.""Over the years, Kravitz has worked hard to build a reputation that has made their name synonymous with Cash Balance expertise," states Shannon Kelly, Ascensus' president of retirement. "Bringing this expertise into the fold—along with Kravitz's dedicated team of associates—allows Ascensus to broaden our retirement offerings so that we can help even more Americans save for the future."Ascensus helps more than 7 million Americans save for the future—retirement, college, and healthcare—through technology and service solutions. With more than 35 years of experience, the firm offers tailored solutions that meet the needs of banks, credit unions, states, governments, financial professionals, employers, and individuals. Ascensus supports over 50,000 retirement plans, more than 4 million 529 college savings accounts, and a growing number of ABLE savings accounts. It also administers more than 1.5 million IRAs and health savings accounts. For more information about Ascensus, visit www.ascensus.com View career opportunities at careers.ascensus.com or on LinkedIn at linkedin.com/company/ascensus. For the latest company news, follow @AscensusInc on Twitter.
TOKYO: A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit off the coast of Fukushima in Japan on Friday but there was no risk of a tsunami, officials said. The quake hit at a relatively shallow depth of 10 kilometers (six miles) at 04:59 p.m. (0759 GMT), 255 kilometers east of Ishinomaki, according to the United States Geological Survey. The Japan Meteorological Agency said the quake posed no tsunami risk. A 9.0-magnitude earthquake in March 2011 triggered a massive and deadly tsunami, which smashed into the Fukushima nuclear power station and sparked the world's worst atomic accident since Chernobyl in 1986. Its operator is working to clean up and dismantle the reactors in a process that is expected to take at least four decades.
Advertisements
AFP
APRIL 24, 2018 — Louisiana-based shipbuilder Metal Shark has delivered two new custom welded aluminum vessels to the Virgin Islands Port Authority (VIPA), a 45 ft pilot boat and 32 ft port security boat
Built at the company's Jeanerette, LA, shipyard both vessels are now operating from the Edward Wilmoth Blyden IV Marine Facility on the Charlotte Amalie waterfront where they serve the island of St. Thomas and also nearby St. John.
The new pilot boat is a 45-foot Defiant-class monohull pilothouse vessel with a military-proven hull design and a unique deck arrangement specifically designed for pilot operations.
The vessel's climate-controlled pilothouse features Metal Shark's signature "pillarless glass" for significantly improved visibility, in a reverse-raked arrangement developed by Metal Shark with input from numerous pilot groups. Visibility is further augmented by the vessel's elevated, centerline helm position. Large opening side and aft pilothouse windows and a wireless crew communication headset system facilitate crew coordination during pilot transfers, and large overhead skylights provide upward visibility while approaching and operating alongside moving ships.
Fully flush non-skid decks allow for unimpeded access around the vessel, and handrails have been placed within easy reach of all crew, inside the cabin and outside on deck, at all times. Low-level LED pathway lighting enhances safety during nighttime operation. The vessel's large, functional swim platform, plus easily accessible Jason's Cradle, dive ladder, and throwable life rings, are intended to assure quick and safe crew retrieval in the event of a man overboard situation.
Powered by twin Cummins Marine QSM11 diesel engines coupled with Hamilton HJ322 waterjets, the 45 Defiant Pilot demonstrates precise maneuverability while delivering a cruise speed in excess of 30 knots and a top speed in the 40 knot range. A urethane-sheathed, closed-cell foam Wing collar provides durable and resilient fendering. Shock-mitigating seating has been provided for a crew of five, and anti-fatigue floor covering has been provided in the pilothouse and the belowdecks crew spaces. Additional features include a galley, enclosed head compartment, v-berth, and large walk-in mid-cabin storage compartment.
VIPA has named its new pilot boat the "George Freeman" in honor of its first coxswain, George Elwin Freeman Sr., who worked for VIPA for 33 years until his passing in 2000.
PORT SECURITY BOAT
For its new port security patrol boat, VIPA selected Metal Shark's 32' Defiant, a proven patrol platform with over 100 units in military and law enforcement service worldwide.
Funded in part by a FEMA Port Security Grant, the vessel has been outfitted with a postivie-pressure Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and high-yield Explosive (CBRNE) crew protection system to assure safe and uninterrupted operation in a wide range of disaster response scenarios.
VIPA's 32 Defiant port security vessel cruises at 35 knots (Photo:Metal Shark Boats)
Like its larger 45' pilot boat sibling, VIPA's 32' port security boat features Metal Shark's pillarless pilothouse glass to significantly reduce blind spots compared to conventional pilothouse designs which use smaller, framed windows. Shock-mitigating seating has been provided for a crew of four inside the vessel's climate-controlled cabin.
Powered by twin Evinrude E-TEC G2 300 HP outboard engines, VIPA's 32 Defiant port security vessel cruises at 35 knots and achieves top speeds approaching 50 knots.
"Metal Shark has expanded into the pilot boat market by applying the same principles that made us so successful in the military patrol boat sector," said Metal Shark's CEO Chris Allard. "We start with a proven hull design to deliver a boat that performs well and is built to last. Beyond that, we focus on offering genuine improvements by incorporating modern features into smarter and more user friendly arrangements that simply work better than what's out there. We continue to gain customers in new markets by delivering improved platforms that deliver tangible and sometimes unexpected benefits to operators."
"Both of these vessels offer significant improvements over the boats they're replacing, in terms of crew safety, comfort, and efficiency,and port operations will undoubtedly be enhanced as a result of these acquisitions," said Carl Wegener, Metal Shark's Vice President of Commercial Sales. "With additional pilot boats now in production, we look forward to demonstrating to pilots and port operators everywhere the many advantages a custom Metal Shark pilot boat can bring to their organizations."
Japan's largest e-commerce company is betting that it has found the key to selling clothes online: a size-measuring bodysuit and its own line of clothing.
The company behind shopping site Zozotown – popular with younger consumers – unveiled its own made-to-fit private label T-shirts, jeans and business suits as it pushes deeper into web-based apparel sales. The clothes are meant to be sold to customers using a body-scanning suit and app developed by the company.
By photographing themselves wearing the skintight polka-dot Zozosuit, users can upload their body measurements to ensure a perfect fit for the clothes they order.
Selling clothing online has been a big challenge for web retailers because sizes, colours and looks are hard to gauge on the web. Sellers often offer free returns to spur purchases, but that also drives up costs and risks alienating customers. Now the company's billionaire founder Yusaku Maezawa is betting that his strategy of offering made-to-fit apparel will help it expand overseas and quintuple its market capitalisation in the next decade.
Aggressive push
Some of its clothing items are currently available in 72 countries outside Japan. “Anyone in the world can relate to worries about clothing size,” Maezawa said. “When we looked overseas, we couldn't find any companies that were offering lower-cost clothing that fit well. There was a need for that.”
Amazon. com, which has been making an aggressive push into online apparel, last year bought Body Labs, a 3-D body-scanning start-up that lets people create a digital avatar of themselves to try on virtual clothes.
The key to a perfect fit with the firm's new clothing line hinges on the Zozosuit, a polka-dot studded bodysuit that lets users measure their proportions with a smartphone camera.
The company created a unit Start Today Research this year to acquire ideas and technologies related to fashion and clothing fit. It also made headlines in Japan in April when it offered annual salaries of as much as 100 million yen (€770,000) to find employees specialising in fields such as artificial intelligence, robotics and cryptography. – Bloomberg/Reuters
YOU may have heard the expression, 'not all calories are equal', and indeed when it comes to liquid calories, the ones we consume via a variety of smoothies, juices, coffees, wines and spirits we need to be particularly careful.
You see, when we consume our calories via liquids, not only do we not register that we have actually consumed this many calories but especially sugary drinks such as soft drinks and juices are more likely to see fat accumulated in the liver when we drink them regularly. Soft drink is also one of the only individual food groups directly linked to excessive sugar consumption and weight gain. So if you have not done so before, it may be worth considering how many of your daily calories you are actually drinking.
Some of us start our day with coffee, others a green smoothie or maybe you are more of a juice person. Whatever your morning go to, chances are it could be adding almost a breakfast worth of calories without you realising it. Take a coffee for example, a black coffee with a dash of milk contains an insignificant number of calories and sugar, while a large caramel Latte contains at least 200 calories and more than 5 teaspoons of sugar. Or an average serve of fruit juice will offer at least 200 calories and 6 teaspoons of sugar, while a large smoothie will clock in with at least 400 calories and up to 12 teaspoons of sugar. So if your goal is weight control and to keep your sugar intake to a minimum, when it comes to breakfast drinks, choose small unflavoured coffees, vegetable juices in place of fruit and order a small smoothie and remember it is the meal, not just a drink.
This is the best option if you're choosing a smoothie for breakfast. Picture: istock.
Next we have the beverages we choose why we go about our day-to-day jobs - you may enjoy a midmorning coffee; coconut water after a visit to the gym or you may pick up an energy drink to keep you awake until lunchtime. Again all of these popular drinks are adding a significant number of calories to your day - a coffee at least 100, an energy drink at least 150 calories and up to 7 teaspoons of sugar, and even 'healthy' coconut water will give you more than 3 teaspoons of sugar in a single serve. The good news? It is easy to wipe out these extra calories by sticking to water, plain tea and coffee in between meals and if you must add some flavour to your drinks in between meals, always look for sugar free options.
Soft drink, flavoured mineral waters and juice remains the favourite lunchtime drink options, with many a lunch meal deal dependent on choosing one of these sugary additions to round out your lunch. The issue? All of these options will add 5-9 teaspoons of sugar along with a couple of hundred extra liquid calories. Better options? Water, sparking or soda water or if you must a diet or no sugar bubbly alternative.
Once we make it through the day, while sugary drinks have less of a focus, if you do enjoy a wine or beer most days, it can be easy to drink as many calories as a meal without even noticing. It is a common belief that alcohol contains a lot of sugar, this is not exactly true. Rather it is the nutrient alcohol that contains a significant number of calories, and when we are enjoying alcohol the body is so busy burning off these alcohol calories that the calories we consume via food (think fried food, dips, chips and snacks) while we are drinking that are more likely to be stored. It is for this reason that alcohol is closely linked to weight gain.
So if you regularly enjoy a couple of alcoholic drinks after work, with the larger glasses we tend to pour our own drinks into, we will be adding an extra 200-300 calories into our day, or almost that of a small meal in itself. For many of us, our liquid calorie intake explains very simply why we are gradually gaining weight, even though we may not be eating all that differently.
You don't have to just ditch the brownies if you're on a diet. The large mocha or caramel latte isn't doing you any favours either. Picture:Instagram
The average female who spends much of the day sitting will burn roughly 1200-1500 calories per day and an average male between 1600-2000 calories. If you consider that a couple of large milk coffees along with a smoothie or juice and glass or two of wine will be adding up to an extra 700-1000 calories each day, you could be drinking more than ½ the number of calories you need. Liquid calories are closely linked to weight gain, we do not eat significantly less when we drink some of our calories and they are one area of our diet in which we can easily cut back.
So where possible choose plain black or piccolo sized coffees; limit your intake of sugary drinks and juices opting for no or low calorie sparking water or vegetable juices instead and watch the size of your nightly wine pour to slash these extra liquid calories and your calorie intake overall.
Susie Burrell is a dietitian and nutritionist. Follow her on Twitter @SusieBDiet
BEIJING China is set to adopt new rules to prevent officials from falsifying statistics to help improve the quality of data, the cabinet said on Wednesday.
There has long been widespread global scepticism about the reliability of Chinese data, especially as the government has sought to reduce expectations of a protracted slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.
The cabinet has approved draft rules on implementing the statistical law that will regulate statistical activities "from the source", it said in a statement on the government's website, after a regular meeting.
The rules would strengthen efforts to hold accountable people falsifying figures to "ensure the authenticity and authority of statistical data", the cabinet said.
China will improve its statistical system and methods, including those on new industries, the cabinet said, without giving further details.
In January, the state-owned People's Daily newspaper reported that the Liaoning government, in its annual work report, revealed it had misstated fiscal data from 2011 to 2014.
(Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Bears' Boys Swim Team prepares for the State Meet
Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
1:31
New tollway consulting engineer to replace long-term firm
hello
The Illinois tollway is closing in on a deal with a consulting engineer after protests from its current firm for not renewing a contract.
Committee members on Wednesday approved an $84.5 million, 4½-year contract with WSP USA Inc., formerly Parsons Brinckerhoff Inc., for the consulting job. The full board will vote on the decision next week.
The outgoing consulting engineer AECOM objected last fall when directors with little explanation ignored a staff recommendation to award it a three-year $43 million contract renewal.
WSP would be paid about $18.8 million a year, compared to $14.3 million in AECOM's proposal.
The difference is related to the board deciding in April to widen the Central Tri-State Tollway instead of just rebuilding it, which adds $2 billion to the road program, officials said.
AECOM worked as consultant for five decades. As it helps the agency transition and conduct a bond sale later this year, AECOM will receive up to $17 million as a result of two separate contract extensions, one for $8.5 million approved Wednesday.
AECOM officials told state regulators in November the agency acted improperly when the firm wasn't rehired. Those protests were not upheld.
The tollway in 2017 advertised again for a consulting engineer but AECOM did not apply. The firm did not reply to a request to comment.
The board in March awarded AECOM a $33 million contract to design the rebuild of the Central Tri-State. Wednesday, committee members increased the contract by $45 million explaining that took into account the more ambitious plan.
With WSP, "we are going to take full advantage of having a new set of eyes to look at everything and give us their professional opinion," tollway Chief Engineer Paul Kovacs said.
"They do have consulting engineer contracts with other big transportation agencies. We selected them as most qualified according to our qualifications-based selection process."
The consulting engineer conducts inspections, evaluates road conditions and issues an annual report. The tollway is required to have one under its trust indenture to borrow money.
Parsons Brinckerhoff, now WSP, has a number of ongoing contracts with the tollway including work on the Jane Addams Tollway (I-90).
Asked how to avoid conflicts of interest and prevent either firm from scrutinizing its own performance, Kovacs said in such cases the consultants could review each other's work and a third engineering professional, HNTB Corp., was also available.
"We have full flexibility to make sure there is no conflict for any one of them," he said.
Director Joseph Gomez said he was pleased at the number of minority and disadvantaged subcontractors involved with the WSP contract.
"We want to give everyone a fair shot ... after all, these are taxpayer dollars," he said.
ANKARA, March 30 Turkey will take the necessary diplomatic and legal steps regarding the arrest of a top banker from Turkey's Halkbank, an adviser to President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday.
An executive from Turkey's fifth-largest listed bank by assets, Halkbank, is accused of conspiring with Turkish-Iranian gold trader Reza Zarrab, who is already on trial. Turkey's justice minister had said earlier the arrest was a "completely political" move.
Speaking at an interview with broadcaster NTV, presidential adviser Cemil Ertem also said he expected Turkey's economic growth to exceed 2.5 percent in the final quarter of 2016. (Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
The remains of an engineer who was assassinated in Malaysia on Saturday will arrive in the Gaza Strip for burial on Wednesday, a family member said on Tuesday.
Fadi al-Batsh, 35, was shot dead this past Saturday morning by two men on a motorcycle in Kuala Lumpur while he was walking to a mosque for prayers, according to Mazlan Lazim, the city's police chief.
Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman said Batsh – who according to Hamas was one of its members – was involved in developing rocket technology. Many Israeli news sites have reported he was a drone expert.Several members of Batsh's family from the northern Gaza Strip last Saturday accused the Mossad of killing their relative. Hamas Politburo Chief Ismail Haniyeh said on the same day that the Islamist movement “holds Israel responsible” for his death.Liberman has suggested that Batsh was killed in an internal Palestinian dispute.Batsh's remains will enter Gaza on Wednesday at 2 p.m. by way of the Rafah crossing, the sole pedestrian passageway between Egypt and the coastal enclave, the family member told the Hamas-linked al-Rai news site.PLO Ambassador to Egypt Diab al-Louh said in a statement on Tuesday afternoon that Cairo agreed to allow for Batsh's remains to enter Gaza and would be transported to the Egyptian capital on Saudi Arabian Airlines before being sent to the Strip.Louh did not say when he expected Batsh's remains to arrive in Gaza.This past Sunday, Liberman told Army Radio that Israeli authorities asked Egypt not to allow Batsh's remains to be sent to Gaza.“We told Egypt our stance – that they shouldn't bring in the body though the Rafah crossing. We are working through the appropriate channels,” he said.A spokesman for Liberman did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
I am chagrined. Deeply more than just annoyed. The daily technological bleep (Facebook) concerning what's happening in our fair town depresses me more than I can tolerate.
One learns from living here patience and instantaneously adoptive procedures concerning the constant ad hoc solutions that must be applied to solve the ongoing process of life here.
In a land ruled by passions, stop and go lights are but indicators for what's happening that day and not necessarily guidelines for tomorrow.
Of course, you will have had to live here a good few years to come up with such a precise analysis from wisdom inside a wine glass. But the situation is being made worse by the constant intermingle of questions concerning what to do if such-and-such happens.
Before I get out of bed I am blessed with 300 different photos by people hoping to make history by announcing to the world what the morning sky looks like, as if duly recorded and sent out to alert the masses. “That's it”, I now can shout out to the wife; “a damn cloud in the distant sky, make my coffee with a shot of brandy”.
There, situation noted, confronted and adjusted. That's truly Spanish life. Every day in every way more new adventures and adjustments. My life thrives on such perplexity. It is never dull and often opens new avenues of thought never considered before. I believe that it is good especially as it teaches one to renovate old dogmas of thought, frequently.
But no, those Facebook followers want it all packaged and securely tied with a blue bow. Some even go so far as to have others with more time than common sense help them plan their reckless outings in this strange place.
They announce they want to go shopping for clothes pins, where can they be purchased? The exact address, price and colours? Then, just in case they should have a flat while driving, who might come and repair it? And how long will that take as they might just have other things to do.
Then they enquire about Chinese spring rolls. Where can they be bought? Not too spicy but tender and crispy yet under the price of €2 for two of them. Oh, and how big are they?
Let's not leave anything to chance, variation or anomalies. Life is too precious not to proceed dot-to-dot and then get back to the original square starting place alive and full of vigour and just reeling to recount the day's activities to anyone who would listen.
A life well accounted for and severely remembered like last Tuesday's a heartbeat just before noon. Remember?
Renesas Electronics Corp's logo is seen at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Renesas Electronics Corp's logo is seen on its substrate at the company's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO Japanese automotive chipmaker Renesas Electronics Corp is hungry for more acquisitions amid a wave of megamergers in the industry and may need to issue equity shares sometime in the future to build its warchest, its CEO said on Monday.
"The fragmented (automotive chip) market will be eventually consolidated into some dominant players" posing a long-term threat to Renesas, currently the world's No. 3, Renesas chief executive Bunsei Kure told reporters.
NXP Semiconductors NV, the industry leader, has agreed to be acquired by Qualcomm Inc in a $47 billion deal to retain its lead in the fast-growing automotive chips market.
And more recently, Intel Corp agreed to buy Israeli autonomous vehicle technology firm Mobileye for $15.3 billion.
Kure said Renesas, which bought U.S. chipmaker Intersil Corp for $3.2 billion this year, is constantly reviewing its list of potential acquisition targets, comprising around several dozen names in fields such as sensors and security.
To be ready for major acquisitions, Kure said the company would probably need to raise capital by issuing shares "at some point" in the future. "We want to be prepared to move when necessary," he said.
According to data research firm IHS, Renesas had an automotive chip market share of 9.0 percent in 2016, ranking after NXP with 12.6 percent and Infineon Technologies with 9.5 percent.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Kentaro Hamada; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Susan Sarandon's actress daughter Eva Amurri Martino had a heartbreaking end to 2016 after a nurse dropped her son Major on his head and fractured his skull.
The Saved star has detailed the horror following the accident in a post on her HappilyEvaAfter website, revealing it happened at the end of November.
A nurse hired to look after the three-month-old and his two-year-old sister Marlowe Mae overnight fell asleep while holding Major and dropped him on his head.
Amurri Martino and her husband Kyle Martino were awoken by the thud of their son hitting the hardwood floor and his “hysterical piercing screams.”
Happy New Beginnings! ✨❤🙏🏼 A very honest letter I wrote about some personal struggles is on my blog today. https://t.co/zg9JiMNkjA pic.twitter.com/9M9SNS2dRa — Eva Amurri Martino (@TheHappilyEva) January 1, 2017
“He suffered a fractured skull and bleeding on his brain, and was transported by ambulance to Yale Medical Center where I spent two harrowing days with him to receive emergency care and further testing,” the actress reveals. “To say these were the most traumatic and anxious two days of my life is an understatement.”
But little Major survived the scare and has been “healing well” and “hitting milestones.”
His relieved mum reveals he is “cooing, smiling, and generally showing us that he is and will be ok as he grows and develops.”
Amurri Martino admits she waited a month to open up about the scare because she feared people would frown on the idea of her hiring a night nurse to take care of her kids when she was asleep.
“Let me tell you, the guilt I bore in the days and weeks after this accident was more intense and more damaging than anything I would wish upon my worst enemy,” she writes. “I wept in the hospital, telling anyone who would listen that it should have been me. That I was to blame.
“Even though I finally made peace with the fact that this freak accident could not have been avoided by me, it has continued to effect me to my core and in all aspects of my daily life.”
“It's nearly impossible for me to trust anyone but myself to take care of Major now,” she added. “Hearing Major cry hard immediately triggers my memories of the moments after the accident and instigates an immediate panic attack - my heart races and tears spring to my eyes.”
And now Amurri Martino is a mum on the edge during trips to the park with her daughter - something she realized during a recent day out when little Marlowe fell over and started crying.
“Within ten minutes she was totally fine and normal - but I stood there while Kyle held me, sobbing and shaking, while my scared two-year-old watched,” she wrote. “I think I need to take some things off of my plate. It's time to really face this all and find a solution.”
The actress is now seeking help from a therapist to help her combat “some form of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, possibly linked to some form of Postpartum Depression.”
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Kjell Inge Roekke attends a Fourth of July celebration at the U.S. Ambassador's residence in Oslo June 20, 2012. REUTERS/Lise Serud/NTB Scanpix
OSLO Norwegian investor Kjell Inge Roekke plans to make large donations from his estimated $2 billion wealth, starting with the construction and operation of a ship for research on ocean conditions and clean-up, he told daily Aftenposten on Tuesday.
The vessel, which will operate in partnership with the World Wide Fund for Nature's Norwegian unit, will have a crew of 30 and will offer space for up to 60 scientific staff.
"I'll give back to society the lion's share of what I've earned. This ship is a part of that," Roekke (58) said.
He did not reveal the cost of the vessel or say which donations he would make, Aftenposten added.
The self-made billionaire is the majority shareholder of holding company Aker ASA (AKER.OL), which in turn controls oil firm Aker BP (AKERBP.OL) and oil industry suppliers Aker Solutions (AKSOL.OL) and Kvaerner (KVAER.OL), among others.
(Reporting by Terje Solsvik; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)
Entries are open for Tilley Endurables Falmouth Classics 2018, which takes place Friday 22 June to Sunday 24 June.
The event is 31 years old in 2018, after a spectacular bash earlier this year in blazing sunshine and a grand fleet of everything from Metre boats to pilot cutters.
The festival as ever coincides with the Falmouth sea shanty festival, making for a great atmosphere ashore, with a cappella groups on every street corner and in every pub, plus live bands on stages around the town.
The event's title sponsor is Tilley Endurables, with The Marine Team from Mylor Yacht Harbour as a key sponsor.
Classic Boat is proud to be the regatta's official media partner and we will be bringing you news in the run-up to the event and a full review afterwards.
Falmouth Classics has a new website showing great drone footage taken last year.
Already 15 boats have entered and 2018 promises to be as fun as this year's regatta.
http://www.falmouthclassics.org.uk
@virat.kohli @anushkasharma marriage video! #marriage #jaimala #italy #instalove #anushkasharma #viratkohli
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on Dec 11, 2017 at 9:05am PST
When the skipper got haldi before the #marriage #viratkohli #anushkasharma #wedding #instagood #instalove @anushkasharma @virat.kohli @viratkohli.club #virat
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on Dec 11, 2017 at 9:07am PST
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on
#wedding #ceremony #anushkasharma #viratkohli @anushkasharma @virat.kohli #italy #instalove #instagood
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on Dec 11, 2017 at 9:27am PST
A post shared by ABP News (@abpnewstv) on
Finally the love-birds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma have got married and the videos are just too adorable.During the ring ceremony Anushka looked stunning in a red hot saree and Virat looked dapper in a blue suit. The two embraced each other after exchanging rings while Ed Sheeran's romantic track played in the background. In the garland exchange ceremony (varmala) Virat's playfulness as he dodges Anushka is worth seeing. Check out the exclusive footages here.Check out more videos of their wedding here.Hashtag VirushkaWEDDING is trending at the top on Twitter with fans pouring in their wishes for the couple. There may be countless heartbreaks tonight all over the country as the most eligible bachelors are now betrothed. Despite the heartbreaks, congratulatory messages are flooding in on social media.The wedding of Virat and Anushka was planned to be a hush-hush affair but since both Virat and Anushka are top-notch celebrities it became quite impossible to do so. The murmurs about the wedding are doing rounds since last week.According to reports, 15 close friends and relatives attended the wedding along with Virat's childhood coach Rajkumar Sharma.
Theresa May is to hold talks with the Northern Ireland political parties amid warnings an expected deal with the Democratic Unionists (DUP) to prop up her minority government will undermine the peace process.
The Prime Minister will meet separately with representatives of Sinn Fein, the Ulster Unionists, the SDLP and the Alliance Party - as well as the DUP - in Downing Street in an attempt to allay growing concerns.
It follows warnings - including from former prime minister Sir John Major - that the Government will compromise its stated impartiality in the province if it enters a confidence and supply deal with the DUP at Westminster.
The nationalist Sinn Fein and SDLP and the cross-community Alliance have all made clear Northern Ireland Secretary James Brokenshire cannot chair the ongoing process to restore power-sharing at Stormont due to the perceived conflict of interest.
The 1998 Good Friday Agreement - also referred to as the Belfast Agreement - commits the UK and Irish Governments to demonstrate "rigorous impartiality" in their dealings with the different political traditions in Northern Ireland.
Sinn Fein's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill said: "I will be making it very clear that any deal between the Tories and the DUP cannot be allowed to undermine the Good Friday and subsequent agreements."
Mr Brokenshire insisted the Government would honour its commitments in the Good Friday Agreement and warned that time was running out if power-sharing was to be restored and a return to direct rule from Westminster avoided.
"The UK Government is offering whatever support we can, working alongside the Irish government, as appropriate, honouring our respective commitments in the Belfast Agreement to serve the interests of the whole community in Northern Ireland," he said.
"There is very little time left. An agreement to restore devolved power-sharing government in Stormont must be reached by the 29 June deadline.
"Ultimately, I think the parties understand people voted in the March Assembly elections for a strong voice at Stormont.
"Northern Ireland's political leaders now have it in their hands to take control and shape a brighter future for everyone in Northern Ireland."
Meanwhile, talks are continuing between the DUP and Conservatives, to secure the support of the DUP's 10 MPs in steering government business, including crucial measures on Brexit, through the Commons.
It is thought that an announcement on an agreement will be delayed as a result of the Grenfell Tower tragedy - and may not come until next week.
Ministers have already said that the Queen's Speech may have to be set back from its scheduled date of next Monday June 19, because of the ongoing negotiations.
DUP leader Arlene Foster, who met Mrs May in No 10 on Tuesday, is understood to have returned to Northern Ireland leaving her deputy Nigel Dodds to represent the party at Thursday's meeting.
The proposed deal would see the DUP back the Conservatives in votes on the Budget and on any confidence motion while other matters would be negotiated on an issue-by-issue basis.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
GardaWorld, a global leader in comprehensive security and risk management, has made its weekly security report available to Iraq Business Newsreaders.
Prepared by GardaWorld's Risk Analysis Team in Iraq, this essential report includes short- and medium-term outlooks on the security situation, reports and commentary on recent significant events, and a detailed overview of developments across the country.
Please click here to download the latest report free of charge.
For more information on how GardaWorld's services can support your business in Iraq, please contact Daniel Matthews, Senior Director Iraq, at [email protected]
Dubliner Colm Blackburn dominated the Formula Vee race at yesterday's Carlow Car Club Mondello Park meeting, despite only qualifying fourth on the starting grid.
He made a storming getaway, jumping to second place behind pole starter Dan Polley into the first corner, and got past his class title rival on lap two to take the lead. Half a lap later, a slip dropped Polley to fifth place, leaving Blackburn to cruise home to victory, more than three seconds clear, while a great recovery drive from Polley saw him claim runner-up position by the chequered flag. Anthony Cross finished third after holding second place for much of the race, ahead of Jack Byrne and Justin Costello. Shane McFadden won the first of the Fiesta ST races, but there was a surprise victor in race two when Galway's Tom Fahy started from pole on the reverse grid, and led all the way despite huge pressure from the much more experienced John Denning and Michael Cullen. Owen Purcell scored a double in the Fiesta Zetec races.
After months of acrimonious campaigning, the capital of predominantly Muslim Indonesia on Wednesday faced a stark choice: elect an outspoken minority Christian who has made progress in cleaning up the chaotic city or heed the urgings of influential conservative clerics to vote in a Muslim.
The more than 13,000 polling booths closed at 1 p.m. and quick-count results based on a sample of the vote are expected in several hours. The election is one of dozens taking place across Indonesia. More than 7 million were eligible to vote in Jakarta, the capital.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki "Ahok" Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian on trial for alleged blasphemy, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Religion and race, rather than the slew of problems that face a car-clogged and sinking Jakarta, dominated the campaign and transformed the election into a high-stakes tussle between conservatives, who want Islam to be ascendant in politics and society, and moderates. Ahok's chances appeared dashed after blasphemy accusations led to criminal charges and trial but he has recently rebounded in opinion polls. If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison.
Hadiyul Umam, a civil servant, said voting for Ahok would go against everything he believes in.
"As a Muslim, I believe that non-Muslims are not allowed to lead Muslims in this country, and personally, I do not like the way Ahok leads, which is not pro-poor people and his words were disrespectful and rude," he said.
Ahok's blasphemy trial and the ease with which hard-liners attracted several hundred thousand to protest against him in Jakarta have undermined Indonesia's reputation for practicing a moderate form of Islam and shaken the centrist government of President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo.
Calls for Ahok to be killed and anti-Chinese sentiment were disturbing elements of the protests, one of which turned violent, with dozens injured and one person dying from the effects of tear gas.
Defeat for Ahok would also be a defeat for Indonesia's moderate political and religious leaders and further embolden hard-liners, who say a non-Muslim should not lead Muslims. The governorship is also seen as a launching pad into national politics and possibly the presidency.
There will be a runoff election in April if none of the candidates gets the 50 percent plus one vote required for an outright win. One scenario is that Ahok proceeds to the runoff but is defeated by anti-Ahok voters uniting behind the remaining Muslim candidate.
Jokowi voted in a neighborhood of central Jakarta and called for national unity.
"Differences of political choice should not to divide us," he said. "After this election, we want everything to be back as brothers, we all need to maintain our unity and integrity."
Ahok had been popular because of his drive to eliminate corruption from the Jakarta administration and his efforts to make the city more livable.
But brutal demolitions of some of the slum neighborhoods that are home to millions and ill-considered outspokenness proved to be his Achilles' heel. Opponents seized their moment last year when a video surfaced of Ahok telling voters they were being deceived if they believed a specific verse in the Quran prohibited Muslims from electing a non-Muslim as leader.
"I voted for Ahok because he is already showing results of real work and honesty," said Sriyana Dewi, as she left a polling booth with her 7-old-month son in a sling.
———
Associated Press writer Ali Kotarumalos contributed to this report.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Pat Shurmur is now the head coach of the New York Giants, but he picked up an award Saturday for his work with the Minnesota Vikings this season.
Shurmur, who served as the offensive coordinator, was named the NFL Assistant Coach of the Year.
With a new-look offensive line this season, Shurmur led a group that finished sixth in the NFL in total offense this year, averaging 368 yards per game. The Vikings also had a vastly improved rushing attack this season. They went from being last in the NFL last season to No. 7 at 122 yards per game. And that's without rookie Dalvin Cook for much of the season after he went down with a torn knee ligament in a loss to the Detroit Lions.
And with Case Keenum under center for all but one game, the Vikings finished No. 11 in passing with 234 yards per game. Keenum finished the season with 22 touchdowns and seven interceptions, and completed better than 67 percent of his passes.
The Vikings haven't yet made a final choice public for their next offensive coordinator with Shurmur taking over the Giants next season.
FILE PHOTO: The cast of ''The Big Bang Theory'' poses backstage with their award for Favorite Network TV Comedy Series during the People's Choice Awards 2016 in Los Angeles, California January 6, 2016. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok/File Photo
NEW YORK A U.S. judge dismissed a lawsuit claiming that the hit CBS comedy "The Big Bang Theory" borrowed lyrics without permission for "Soft Kitty," a song used on several episodes of the show.
The lawsuit had been brought in December 2015 by the daughters of Edith Newlin, a New Hampshire nursery school teacher who had written the nearly identical poem "Warm Kitty" in the 1930s.
But in a decision posted on Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald in Manhattan said the plaintiffs, Ellen Newlin Chase and Margaret Chase Perry, failed to show they held a copyright on their mother's lyrics, and deserved damages.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond on Wednesday to requests for comment. Spokesmen for CBS Corp and Time Warner Inc, whose Warner Bros. Entertainment unit helps produce the show, declined to comment.
The complaint said Newlin wrote "Warm Kitty" with the words "Warm kitty, soft kitty, little ball of fur; Sleepy kitty, happy kitty, Purr! Purr! Purr!" and allowed the words to be used in the 1937 book "Songs for the Nursery School," published by Willis Music Co.
"Soft Kitty," often sung to Jim Parsons' character Sheldon Cooper to soothe him in "The Big Bang Theory," uses identical words with small changes in order, as in the opening line "Soft kitty, warm kitty," the complaint said.
But the judge said that, under a federal copyright provision that was "hardly a model of clarity," Willis Music's renewal in 1964 of its registration for "Songs for the Nursery School" did not also renew Newlin's copyright for "Warm Kitty."
Edith Newlin died in 2004 at the age of 99. The plaintiffs said they did not know about "Soft Kitty" until 2014 when Ellen Newlin Chase saw a blog post about the song and "The Big Bang Theory," which she had never watched.
"The Big Bang Theory" premiered in 2007 and has been one of the highest-rated U.S. television shows for several years.
The case is Chase et al v Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-10063.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
KiwiBuild is ramping up with the announcement of the first two KiwiBuild projects (Unitec at up to 4000 dwellings, McLennan at 18 dwellings), a new head appointed to the KiwiBuild Unit in the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment and ongoing consultation across the sector.
Yet to be finalised is the question of eligibility for KiwiBuild dwellings – who will qualify to buy an affordable dwelling?
While the criteria are still being worked on, the ministry has reportedly confirmed that first home buyers' eligibility will not be based on their household income.
This will be a surprise to many and it suggests a couple of extra challenges for the scheme. One is that it may reduce the opportunity to maximise the benefits of KiwiBuild. The other is public acceptance of that approach.
Advertisement
Effective targeting of KiwiBuild is very important if the strategy is to sustainably deliver the desired outcomes. A core reason for the Government to directly enter the housing market is to fix a specific problem – there are not enough dwellings in the lower price bands, and as a consequence home ownership rates have declined, with associated social and economic impacts.
KiwiBuild is intended to improve affordability, both directly by injecting dwellings in the under-$600,000 price bands, and indirectly by increasing total supply and helping to temper house price growth.
In the Auckland housing market, into which KiwiBuild aims to inject 50,000 affordable dwellings over the next decade, the 2013 Census data is useful to show which segments of the community were "missing out" on ownership. They are those who would very likely been homeowners in 2013 but for the effects of the "housing shock" which occurred before and after the global financial crisis.
Auckland has another 63,000 households by 2017 but the same groups in the community are still the most affected.
Unsurprisingly, the medium and medium-low income segments of the community have been the hardest hit by the housing shock. If KiwiBuild is indeed a once-off initiative to plug a specific gap, then why would the eligibility criteria not include household income?
The gap between incomes and dwelling prices is at the heart of the problem KiwiBuild seeks to address. Among the first home buyer segments who are trying to become owners, household income is the strongest indicator of whether they can succeed by themselves, or whether they are unlikely to become owners without direct support through KiwiBuild.
The scheme can generally maximise its benefits if all of the owners of KiwiBuild dwellings are households which would not otherwise have become owners. The "success rate" will be the increase in ownership not otherwise achievable, compared with total KiwiBuild dwellings constructed
Fine tuning to get the best success rate is not an easy task. Markets and households' circumstances change. If the KiwiBuild criteria do not take account of income, then the risk is that households may qualify for a KiwiBuild dwelling when they could have become owners in the open market without help from the scheme.
That would reduce the effectiveness of KiwiBuild because some other households not able to become owners by themselves would then miss out.
Equally, placing too much weight on income alone may also cause problems. For example, an income threshold set too low could see households miss out if they are close to becoming owners on the open market, but cannot quite bridge the gap.
The absence of an income criterion is likely to reduce the success rate, however. Some simple number crunching shows this. The Auckland community has around 190,000 households who do not own their dwelling (excluding around 32,000 in Housing NZ dwellings and emergency accommodation).
Becoming a KiwiBuild owner will mean a loan must be serviced in most instances. The target pricing of Auckland KiwiBuild dwellings at $600,000 means that those in the lowest 30 per cent of household incomes (under $80,000) would likely not be able to afford a KiwiBuild dwelling even with additional help.
Auckland households earning above the 70th income percentile are able to afford a dwelling at above the median price, so in theory these households would not need the support of KiwiBuild.
Analysis suggests the Auckland non-owning households which would benefit most from KiwiBuild and be able to afford a dwelling are the 64,000 or so in the middle bands (see graph). Allowing for some of these to not be first home buyers, these numbers are in the same ball-park as KiwiBuild's 50,000 targets.
However, a critical point is that if the 65,000 non-owner households in higher income segments are also eligible for KiwiBuild, then by weight of numbers alone they may dilute the success rate and effectiveness of KiwiBuild. They might otherwise have become owners independently of the scheme.
The related challenge is that of public acceptability. KiwiBuild is a bold and large-scale initiative, and plugging the housing supply gap is very important. Nevertheless, KiwiBuild will impose some (tax) cost on those in the community who will not benefit directly.
Policies which redistribute income and wealth are long established in New Zealand, and are accepted because much of the transfer is toward those less well off, especially in income terms.
The possibility that someone in the top 20 per cent of incomes may qualify for a KiwiBuild dwelling is unlikely to sit comfortably with many in the community, especially if someone else in the lower income bands might miss out.
Income should not be the only criterion for KiwiBuild eligibility. However, it should be included as one of the criteria, and an important one at that.
• Douglas Fairgray is director of a Takapuna-based consultancy, Market Economics Ltd.
The Wrap reports that WWE SmackDown will remain live when it goes to Friday nights on Fox in October 2019.
No word yet on if WWE will begin to run non-televised blue brand live events on Tuesday night. This could be a way to make up for revenue losses as Friday nights are a key night for live attendance.
On a related note, it's believed that WWE and Fox will announce the new SmackDown deal as early as next week. As we've noted, Fox's new five-year deal for SmackDown is worth $1.025 billion ($205 million per year) while NBCUniversal's deal for RAW to air on the USA Network is worth a reported $265 million per year. If the deals are finalized at the reported terms, the two deals would be worth a combined $470 million per year, a 261% increase from the reported $130 million per year they are receiving for both shows under the current NBCU deal.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill believes turning Birmingham City around this season won't be as difficult as it was last.
The new Blues boss returned to the club on Monday - just six months after he left having been part of Harry Redknapp's salvage operation.
As Redknapp's assistant Cotterill helped steer Blues to two victories in their final two matches to ensure they stayed up on the final day.
This time Cotterill comes to St Andrew's with Blues still struggling - in 22nd position - but with plenty of time to improve things.
“Going ahead I don't think it's been as a big a task as it was keeping Nottingham Forest up when they were bottom of the table and helping to keep Birmingham City up last season,” the 53-year-old said.
“Because I thought they were unbelievable tasks and when you get a really big club that's struggling down at the bottom end of the table then the pressure just increases on the players every week.
“So, I know what's going to happen at some stage here.
(Image: BCFC/Roy Smiljanic)
“There are going to be things that we are going to work on on the training ground when they haven't got the eyes of the world on them and it's a lot easier to pass that ball from A to B in training than what it actually is when you go out into the arena.
“Until you've actually been in the arena it's very, very difficult.
“I'm not sure it's as big a job going forward as that job was last season here.
“I would put that down as one of the best things that's happened to me experience wise in that month of last season.
“It was huge for this football club not to get relegated. I'm just looking forward now. That job has been done.”
Cotterill has spent the week putting the players through their paces and working on their conditioning.
They will return next week and step up their preparations for Cotterill's first game - at home to league leaders Cardiff City in front of the television cameras.
May 2 Coach Inc
* Coach, inc. Reports fiscal 2017 third quarter results consistent with expectations
* Q3 earnings per share $0.43
* Q3 sales $995 million versus i/b/e/s view $1.02 billion
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q3 non-gaap earnings per share $0.46
* Says maintains fiscal 2017 guidance
* Maintains fiscal 2017 guidance
* Qtrly international coach brand sales totaled $430 million compared to $448 million a year ago
* Says coach brand north america comparable store sales increased 3% in q3
* Says strategic actions in north america wholesale channel negatively impacted sales growth by about 150 basis points.
* Qtrly greater china sales declined 2% versus prior year in dollars and increased 2% on a constant currency basis
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.14, revenue view $4.53 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
By Davies Iheamnachor
PORT HARCOURT- The Sit-at-home order to be observed Wednesday by Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, a secessionist group, witnessed partial compliance in Rivers State.
There was huge success to the order in areas of the state where most businesses are owned and operated by the Igbos who believe in the actualization of Biafra.
At Oyibo Local Government area of the state, the border LGA of Abia State, business activities were totally paralysed as the order witnessed total compliance.
At the popular Ikoku spare parts market, some shops were seen opened for business activities. The same situation was replicated at Garrison market and Kala iron market.
A business owner at Mile 1 Market, who simply gave his name as Uchechukwu said the order was not binding on every Igbo man, adding that it was for those who believe the activities of IPOB that are mandated to obey the order.
April 12 Berkshire Hathaway Inc:
* Press release - Berkshire Hathaway Inc. News release
* Berkshire Hathaway Inc says in near future, intend to sell 1.9 million shares of Wells Fargo in addition to shares being reported on Wednesday's form 4
* Says the sales of Wells Fargo shares are not being made because of investment or valuation considerations
* Berkshire Hathaway says Wells Fargo stock sales "solely motivated by desire to return to a percentage ownership below 10 pct notification thresholds"
* Berkshire Hathaway - commitments required of co by federal reserve to retain ownership of 10 pct or more of Wells Fargo's outstanding common stock would materially restrict commercial activity with Wells Fargo
* Berkshire Hathaway - on April 7, informed Federal Reserve we were withdrawing filing and that we intend to reduce ownership in Wells Fargo common stock below 10 pct within 60 trading days
* Berkshire Hathaway - will file a form 4 with SEC reporting sale of 7.1 million shares of Wells Fargo common stock during period between April 10 and April 12 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Keyera Corp -
* Keyera provides an update for Alberta envirofuels outage
* Repairs are progressing well at its alberta envirofuels facility
* AEF is expected to resume full operations by mid-april
* Alberta envirofuels facility was shut down in February to repair one of the process reactors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN Germany's fixation on the idea that other European countries want its money has clouded its view on the need for closer euro zone integration, and this stance must change, said a top adviser to French presidential frontrunner Emmanuel Macron.
Jean Pisani-Ferry, the economist who oversaw the construction of Macron's election programme, told German weekly Die Zeit that a victory for the centrist candidate over his far-right rival Marine Le Pen on Sunday would be a "strong signal for more Europe".
And he made clear that Macron, if he wins, would expect Germany to engage with Paris on reform of the euro zone, saying the currency bloc needed its own budget, both to boost investment and to bolster its ability to react to crises.
"The EU cannot remain as it is," Pisani-Ferry was quoted as saying. "After the elections in Germany in September, at the latest, we will have to look very closely at what has gone wrong and what we can do better."
"We have understood that Germany does not want to be and cannot be the paymaster for Europe. The problem however, is that Germany's obsession with the idea that it is all about money has distorted its view of what we need to change in Europe so that the currency union works," he added.
In addition to introducing a euro zone budget, Macron supports the idea of a finance minister for the bloc, converting the ESM bailout fund into a full-fledged monetary fund similar to the IMF, and pressing ahead with the completion of the bloc's banking union.
He has said his first priority as president would be to reform the French economy. This, he says, would help restore trust with Germany and make it easier for the euro zone's two biggest countries, long seen as the motor of European integration, to press ahead with reforms of the bloc.
Officials in the German government are openly backing Macron in the runoff with Le Pen, who is threatening to pull France out of the EU and euro.But hardliners around Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble are leery about any steps to pool financial resources in Europe and believe structural reforms in France and other countries are the key to strengthening the euro zone.
(Reporting by Noah Barkin; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
Villagers seek NGOs', UN's help in dispute
More than 400 families in Preah Vihear province submitted a petition to a group of NGOs and the UN yesterday, seeking assistance in their battle with the government over 3,555 hectares of protected land that sits within the Kulen Prom-Tep Wildlife Sanctuary.
The involved families claim to have cultivated the land since 1993, and that student land titling volunteers deployed by Prime Minister Hun Sen before the 2013 national elections measured land for them, though titles were never issued.
Earlier this year, the families were banned from building houses in the disputed area and forced to stop crop cultivation by officials from the Ministry of Environment.
“We want the hill [located in the disputed area], but environment officials did not let us live and farm there,” said Sou Sun, 47, one of three villager representatives who spoke to Post reporters on Tuesday.
He added that fellow villager Sut Chhoeuy, who is disabled, was arrested and detained for a day for allegedly leading 200 other people in illegal land grabbing.
Sun and Chhoeuy are two of six representatives to have been summonsed to court following attempts by some of their group to enter and live on the land.
Chhoeuy said that local environment officials had forced them to leave the hill and had threatened to burn nearly 2 tonnes of rice and straw bales loaded onto 10 tractors.
“I pled with them to give me 10 days to employ villagers to take the rice out because I am disabled and cannot haul it myself,” he said.
He added that they were allowed to move the rice, but the straw was burned by environment officials.
Ear Sokha, director of the provincial environment department, denied that his officials burned the straw, saying that the villagers had only been warned to remove their possessions.
He added that while Chhoeuy was indeed called to their office for questioning, he had never been detained.
According to Sokha, most of the landowners in the wildlife sanctuary are recent migrants persuaded by timber brokers to move in expressly to clear the land, despite interventions by environment officials.
“Recently, there is a movement to encroach on the protected area,” he said. “It is against the law. If they get the land, they will share and sell it,” he added, confirming that the environment department has filed a complaint to court.
It's called the golf capital of the world, but many people say Naples is struggling when it comes to affordable places to play a round or two.
A 23-month-old child, who had not been conceived when his little sister was tragically killed in a hit-and-run accident in Dublin's Phoenix Park on April 6th, 2015, was awarded “grief money” on Tuesday for her death.
Marcel Siatka was born on May 24th, 2016, one year and 47 days after his sister Vanessa died in what a trial judge then called the worst case of dangerous driving he had ever heard of.
Barrister Conor Kearney, counsel for Marcel and Vanessa's father Lukasz Siatka, told Judge Terence O'Sullivan in the Circuit Civil Court the Injuries Board had assessed damages of €42,777 to be divided between Vanessa's surviving family and to include the cost of her funeral.
Mr Kearney, who appeared with Suzanne McDonnell, of McDonnell Solicitors, said the board had not, in its assessment, considered compensation for Marcel as he had not been born at the time of Vanessa's death.
Judge O'Sullivan heard that, under the provisions of the Civil Liability Act, Mr Siatka had taken a claim on behalf of members of his family, including Marcel. Mr Siatka, of Brandon Square, Waterville, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, said Vanessa had a brother born more than a year after her death, who was not included in the assessment.
Mr Kearney said the funeral, including a headstone, had cost €7,240 and the solatium, more commonly known as tear money, had been assessed at €14,500 each for Vanessa's father Lukasz and her mother Katarzyna, with €2,000 each for three grandparents. There were other expenses.
He said it was for the court to approve the assessment and the parents had stated they had no difficulty for compensation, as decided by the court, being shared with Marcel, the brother Vanessa had not lived to know.
Grief
Judge O'Sullivan said it was not a particularly nice exercise to have to divide money between members of the family, but he felt it would be appropriate to mark the fact that Marcel would undoubtedly make inquiries in the future about his sister and would experience grief for her loss.
He said the €6,000 allocated to the three grandparents should be reduced to €1,500 each so as to allow for Marcel to also receive €1,500 and he directed that Marcel's money be paid into court for his future benefit. He offered the court's sympathy to the family.
Ciaran Lane, the then 25-year-old hit-and-run driver, of Ashington Avenue, on Dublin's Navan Road, who pleaded guilty to dangerous driving causing Vanessa's death, was jailed for seven years, with the final two years suspended, in April 2016 by Judge Patrick McCartan.
Garda Owen O'Doherty, of Cabra Garda Station, told the trial judge the accident happened on Easter Sunday, 2015 at a roundabout in the Phoenix Park. Vanessa, who was 23 months old at the time, had been standing next to her mother, Katarzyna's parked car, when Lane, now aged 27, in a Toyota Corolla collided with the child at high speed and dragged her for some metres.
The court heard he drove off at speed but gave himself up later to guards in Cabra. During the course of the sentencing hearing evidence was given that Lane had consumed a litre of vodka and two grams of cocaine before taking to the road in his car with two friends that day.
Judge McCartan had heard he had panicked and ignored the pleas of his friends to stop. When he had heard of Vanessa's death it had hit him “like a ton of bricks”.
In Hit & Run cases accident victims are eligible for compensation through a special fund set up under the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 called the “Solatium Fund”. A portion of the Gross Written Premium is contributed towards the fund every year by both public and private insurers.
The Arizona Cardinals have not yet signed any cornerback since the start of free agency, but a couple have been on their radar. They wish to re-sign veteran Tramon Williams and also brought in E.J. Gaines.
They reportedly have interest in another free agent, one who has some familiarity with new Cardinals coach Steve Wilks.
According to Aaron Wilson, they, along with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, are interested in CB Robert McClain.
Cardinals and Buccaneers among NFL teams interested in free agent cornerback Robert McClain, according to league sources — Aaron Wilson (@AaronWilson_NFL) March 19, 2018
McClain is a small cornerback at 5-9, 180 pounds. He has been in the league since 2010, drafted originally by the Carolina Panthers in the seventh round. He has bounced around a bit, going from Carolina to the Atlanta Falcons, back to Carolina in 2015 and 2016, then to the San Diego Chargers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
He has some position flexibility, playing both cornerback and safety. Last season in Tampa, he played in 14 games, starting nine. He had 44 tackles, five broken up passes and three interceptions, one of which he returned for a touchdown. It was a career high in picks.
While in Carolina for his second stint, his position coach was Wilks.
Perhaps McClain is a backup plan for the Cardinals in case they cannot re-sign Tramon Williams or sign Gaines, or perhaps he would be added to simply add depth to Arizona's defensive backs.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Millennium SA:
* Bank Millennium may be able to meet the financial regulator's conditions to pay out a dividend in 2019, the bank's Chief Executive Joao Bras Jorge tells reporters Further company coverage: (Reporting by Warsaw Newsroom)
HONG KONG/SYDNEY Merger and acquisitions involving Asian companies fell 39 percent in the first quarter of 2017 to $176 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years and highlighting a sharp pull back in overseas deals by Chinese firms.
While dealmaking was weak across the board with big falls in outbound deals targeting U.S. and European firms, intra-Asian M&As were by comparison relatively strong - increasing their tally of the total to 61 percent from 56 percent a year earlier, Thomson Reuters data shows. The figures reflect deals involving Asian companies excluding Japan.
The intra-Asia deals reflected sector consolidation in major Asian economies and privatization and asset sales in countries such as Singapore and Australia.
Most of the bidders were either cash-rich Asian companies or private funds keen to tap into Asia's increasing consumer demand, investment bankers said.
"M&A deal activity within the region remains robust," said Mervyn Chow, Asia co-head of investment banking and capital markets at Credit Suisse.
"While the capital controls in China may impact cross-border deals in the short term, we expect to see China investments that are strategic in nature to continue."
Nine of the top 10 Asia-Pacific deals announced in the first quarter of this year were intra-regional. The merger of Vodafone's (VOD.L) India unit with rival Idea Cellular (IDEA.NS) topped the chart.
Bankers said they expected more of the same, pointing to the potential sale of Singapore-listed Global Logistic Properties (GLPL.SI), which has a market value of over $9 billion, and the privatization of power companies in Australia.
M&A advisory fee volume dropped nearly 40 percent to $321 million. Morgan Stanley (MS.N) was the top advisor, followed by Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (1398.HK) and Credit Suisse (CSGN.S).
DEAL PIPELINE
In 2016, announced M&A deals involving Asian companies, excluding Japan, totalled $1.2 trillion, just below a record level in 2015.
Tighter regulations in China have made it tougher for Chinese firms to launch takeovers overseas, which had a major impact on the region's overall dealmaking in the first quarter.
Deals between Asian companies totalled $107.4 billion in the first quarter of 2017, down from a year-earlier $163.4 billion.
Asia-Pacific outbound deals targeting U.S. assets fell 78 percent in the first quarter from a year ago, while similar deals targeting European firms declined 85 percent.
Chinese buyers remain interested in Australia, but constraints on capital outflows have made it more difficult for deals to get done, said Deutsche Bank's Australia and New Zealand co-head of corporate finance Bruce MacDiarmid.
"What we are seeing now is those deals that do get done have a strong strategic relationship to state-owned enterprises and what they want to achieve," he said. "Other deals will be harder for them to do now."
(Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Jamie Freed: Editing by Anshuman Daga and Neil Fullick)
According to a new report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global market for HVAC and refrigeration (HVACR) systems demonstrates a highly competitive and fragmented structure with no clear leadership. Only a few companies, such as Daikin Industries Ltd., Mitsubishi Corp., Haier Electronics Group Co. Ltd., Carrier Corp., have been able to establish themselves as key vendors of HVACR systems across the world.
Currently, the leading market players are focusing aggressively on developing energy efficient refrigeration systems in order to curb the energy consumption of equipment. However, over the forthcoming years, these companies are likely to begin engaging in mergers, acquisitions, and various strategic partnerships in a bid to expand their business through new service additions and geographical presence.
As per TMR's estimations, the global HVAC refrigeration systems market, which stood at a value of US$81.1 bn in 2015, is likely to progress at a CAGR of 5.50% between 2016 and 2020 and reach an opportunity worth US$130.7 bn by the end of the forecast period. Boosted by the augmenting demand for refrigeration equipment in cold storage and food processing units, the shipment volume of HVACR systems is estimated to rise at a CAGR of 8.0% over the same forecast period. Evaporators have emerged as the most valued product in this market in the last few years and are expected to remain so throughout the forecast period. The revenue generated by evaporators is estimated to cross US$34.1 bn by 2024.
HVACR Systems to Continue to Witness Strong Demand in Asia Pacific
Geographically, the worldwide market for HVACR systems is spread across South America, North America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe. Among these, Asia Pacific acquired the leading position in 2015 with a share of nearly 36% in the overall market. Thanks to the robust rise in the tourism industry, researchers expect this regional market to maintain its dominance during the forecast period. Due to the high pace of urbanization, Australia, India, Japan, China, and South Korea are likely to drive the market for HVACR systems in Asia Pacific over the next few years.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=16883
Apart from this, North America and Europe are also expected to register a healthy rise in their respective markets for HVACR systems market in the forthcoming years, states the research report.
Mushrooming of New Hotels and Restaurants to Reflect Positively on Demand
“As new hotels, restaurants, cafes mushroom across the world, HVACR systems gain a significant rise in their demand,” says the author of this study. The expansion in the global tourism industry has boosted the emergence of a number of hotels, restaurants, and cafes, worldwide.
To maintain the quality of food products and to meet the standard for food safety, the adoption of HVACR systems has increased considerably in these enterprises and the trend is likely to remain so over the forecast period. The rising consumption of processed food and beverages is also expected to fuel the demand for HVACR systems in the coming years, notes the study.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=16883
High Total Cost of Refrigerator Counters to Limit Adoption
While the future prospects of the global HVACR systems look bright, the high total cost associated with refrigerator counters is likely to hamper the market from growing steadily. Besides, the implementation of Montreal and Kyoto protocol is also projected to limit the adoption of these systems in countries in agreement with these protocols, resulting negatively on the overall market in the long run.
The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR) titled “HVAC and Refrigeration (HVACR) Systems Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.”
Avengers: Infinity War is just days from release and Marvel fans are preparing themselves for the biggest comic book movie ever made.
Turns out, the creators of the movie have also gone to some extreme levels to protect us from spoilers and leaks.
There are reports that directors Joe and Anthony Russo created a number of fake scripts to keep the overall story a secret from certain “untrustworthy Avengers”.
The cast is also very quick to point out who is a one of those specific actors might be.
It turns out you can trust your Friendly Neighbourhood Spider-man with saving your life, but that's where your dependence on Tom Holland ends.
Robert Downey Jr issued a stern threat to anybody who would leak info about the movie.
“Snitches get stitches”
Share it:
Don't Miss
Intensive care admissions in the 2017 flu season were at levels not seen since the 2009 swine flu pandemic, according to a new study.
Source: 1 NEWS
The data was collected across Australia and New Zealand.
The data showed that at its peak, admissions for pneumonia and sepsis accounted for 16 per cent of ICU admissions and 27 per cent of all ICU bed-days, with around 17 per cent of patients dying as a result.
These rates are similar to those seen in the 2009 swine flu pandemic, although last years admissions occurred later in the year.
The phrase “me too” was first used by civil rights activist Tarana Burke in an attempt to help other survivors of sexual assault, particularly those of colour, through understanding of their experiences.
A new weekly column by writers with a disability.
“Empowerment through empathy” is her term for the idea.
In the context of the fall of Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey and Dustin Hoffman, to name but a few, unsurprisingly many (though not all) of the women who have spoken courageously of their experiences have been white. The exceptions mainly include female actors whose talents and success are already beyond question. Black women actors simply don't have the same leverage white women do in Hollywood.
The case of Harvey Weinstein has exposed Hollywood for the misogynistic industry that it is. Racism and misogyny can't be placed in simplistic hierarchies, but in this context, ethnicity and race have particular connotations. There is a societal exoticisation of women from ethnic minorities, on and off screen.
Wheelchair clamped
The first time it happened was at the age of 10.
It was at his discretion when some of us attended certain appointments. This meant there were no other female staff or companions expected to accompany the service user wherever we had to go.
He would bring you up on the lift into the bus. Your wheelchair would be clamped.
Then, the bit that was most distressing, was the safety belt.
He'd lean over looking for a kiss from his gypsy girl while also having a grope.
As the years rolled on, the gropes extended themselves to other forms of dangerous behaviour. His manipulation and coercion felt like he was giving me special attention.
The law does distinguish between these offences, considering some minor and some serious. My own internalised shame allowed me to give the safety belt occurrences a very low mark in terms of harm.
Everybody loved this man. He sang, he whistled as he went about his work. Reliability and responsibility was his trademark. Charisma carried him. The fact that he spent much of his working life around disabled children made him less suspicious or accountable.
The film industry's treatment of women and the commodification of women's bodies makes us all complicit – albeit some unwittingly. We have often chosen, as a society, a beloved, charismatic man over a woman – any woman.
No doubt his behaviour extended to other women and girls in the same school.
But we never talked about it.
At 13, on holidays from school, my sisters found me in one of the bedrooms of our trailer. I had taken an overdose. That was my chance with the psychiatrist to talk or tell.
I didn't, I couldn't.
Part of me lived with the belief that this was normal. My female body would always be an object or a vessel at the disposal of male power. My life choices are always built around the questions, “am I safe?”, and “how many people are between me and the exit?”
The trauma of going on that bus has stayed with me.
The fear of having to use public transport is enormous.
My body on any given bus, train, plane or taxi journey is public property.
Anonymity when you are a wheelchair user is a luxury.
Like many powerful men, Weinstein saw and created a context to exercise male power, privilege and entitlement. The #metoo hashtag has been used effectively against criticism of women for “not speaking up sooner”.
This criticism is crass and cruel because, over the course of any given female lifetime, too many sexist events occur. When, where and which one to speak up about all depends on our position and status within society.
It was a joy to hear Gabriel Byrne, who received a lifetime achievement award from IFTA, speak on the Late Late Show recently. There is no hostility, defensiveness or misogyny from him towards the #metoo movement.
He affirmed and acknowledged the reality of women's lives.
PLATFORM SERIES
1) Louise Bruton: Sexual health, if you are living with a disability, is not a level playing field
2) Aisling Glynn: ‘Weren't they very good to give you a job with the wheelchair'
DUBAI: The International Monetary Fund on Thursday advised Saudi Arabia not to rush reforms and price hikes as the oil-rich kingdom looks to overhaul its economy to cope with low crude prices.
Advertisements
While the IMF praised Saudi Arabia's intense reform programme, which aims to boost non-oil revenues and curb government spending, the Washington-based organisation recommended pacing implementation to avoid inflicting too much damage on growth.
“If fiscal consolidation proceeds too rapidly, it would adversely affect growth” and involve large hikes in prices of fuel and power, a new report said.
Faced with a sharp decline in oil income following the 2014 price crash, Riyadh has posted budget deficits totalling $200 billion (170.5 billion euros) in the past three years, and is forecast to register a $53-billion shortfall this year.
Timothy Callen, the head of the IMF mission for Saudi Arabia, said in an online webcast from Washington on Thursday that the organisation expects the kingdom's budget deficit to be nine percent of GDP this year, down from 17.2 percent in 2016.
The kingdom's economy — the largest in the Middle East — has also contracted in the first two quarters of the year due to lower crude prices and production.
Although Callen said the IMF was staying by its earlier projections that the Saudi economy was expected to
grow by just 0.1 percent this year, Capital Economics said it expects it to shrink by 1.3 percent.
Authorities have launched a major economic reform programme, dubbed Vision 2030, to reduce dependency on oil and introduced austerity measures.
One of those initiatives is the Fiscal Balance Programme, under which Riyadh aims to restore a budget balance by 2019 and return to surplus the following year.
But an IMF team that visited Riyadh in the summer recommended a more gradual implementation, with the aim of posting a deficit-free budget by 2022.
Saudi Arabia's austerity measures have so far included boosting excise taxes on tobacco and soft drinks, increasing energy and water prices and raising expatriate labour fees, which are charges paid by employers for every foreigner they hire.
A second wave of hikes is expected in 2017, likely targeting gasoline, diesel and electricity prices.
Gross revenue gains from raising fuel and electricity prices are forecast to reach $67.7 billion by 2020, the IMF estimates.
The kingdom also plans to impose, for the first time, a five-percent value-added tax (VAT) at the start of next year — a timeframe the IMF has said could pose a challenge.
Callen said however that Saudi authorities had made “substantial” progress with regards to VAT and it appeared the government would be in a position to implement it at the start of next year.
The government is forecast to collect some two to three percent of gross domestic product (GDP) from excise tax and VAT by 2020, about $20 billion (17 billion euros).
Non-oil growth is expected to pick up this year, but overall GDP growth will be close to zero given the decline in oil production.
When Father Steven Roth was a child growing up in Scranton, Pa., he would turn his room into a church, using Necco Wafers and a tabernacle he built from Legos to “celebrate” Mass.
After earning a bachelor's degree in philosophy and theology, and a master's degree in counseling – all from the University of Scranton – and attending St. Mary's Seminary in Roland Park, his dreams became a reality. In 2012, he was ordained as a priest for the Archdiocese of Baltimore.
As the archdiocese's new director of vocations, he is dedicated to helping others understand the joy he finds in being a priest.
“As long as I'm vocation director, I want to make sure that no one ever says, ‘I thought about being a priest, but I just didn't have the courage to say ‘yes,'” said Father Roth, who is currently transitioning from his role as pastor of St. Isaac Jogues in Carney. “I want to do everything that this office can do to help people to say ‘yes.' I don't want anyone to miss out on what an amazing life this is.”
Father Roth hopes he will help all find their true vocations, but his office primarily works with those discerning the call to the diocesan priesthood. For those men, he encourages prayer and concrete steps, such as reaching out his parish priest, or contacting the vocations office.
“We (the vocations office) have the ability to meet the individual where they are,” Father Roth said.
The office is prepared to help candidates through the application process. It offers a variety of resources and events designed to help to discern men find their vocations.
“I really think that there are a lot of vocations in the archdiocese and it's just a matter of finding them,” Father Roth said.
Once he switches to the director of vocations role full time Aug. 1, he hopes to spend weekends preaching at different parishes about vocations. He also plans to institute two pilot programs that will look at the best ways to encourage vocations in the African-American and Hispanic communities.
While out in force, reaching the closest and farthest points in the archdiocese, he hopes to make it easy and comfortable for men to take the first step in vocalizing that their consideration of priesthood.
In addition to fostering new vocations, Father Roth is looking forward to working with Baltimore's 39 seminarians.
“They are really top-notch, very talented men,” he said. “Every time I encounter them I am just so inspired by their willingness to serve, their dedication to the church and the sacrifices that they make to be in formation.”
He hopes to use their advice, and that of his fellow priests and parishioners, to make improvements in his new role and to learn what would best help discerners.
One of the hardest parts of discernment, Father Roth said, is realizing that no one is worthy of the call.
“We look at ourselves and we realize that we're not perfect, we're broken in a variety of ways,” he said. “And yet, somehow, God is still calling us to this life that is just beyond what we could expect and beyond what we really deserve.”
Often times, he said, the nudge into a vocation comes from a friend who asks if the person has ever considered the priesthood or a religious vocation. Father Roth hopes to encourage the faithful to invite others to consider the possibility.
“Imagine if every single person just asked one other person if they've ever considered priesthood,” he said. “We just never know what power that invitation can have. … We can look to the example of the Gospels. Jesus simply said, ‘Come and follow me,' and it worked.”
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
Owen Farrell faces a race against time to be fit for the British and Irish Lions' first Test against New Zealand after suffering a quadriceps strain.
The England fly-half will miss Saturday's Maori All Blacks clash with a “grade one” quad injury - and the Lions will hope he can recover in time to face New Zealand in Auckland on June 24.
Head coach Warren Gatland
Wales fly-half Dan Biggar will replace Farrell on the Lions' bench for Saturday's Maori clash in Rotorua.
“Owen Farrell has suffered a grade one quadriceps strain in training and has been ruled out of the British and Irish Lions match against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday evening,” read a Lions statement.
“The England and Saracens playmaker will be replaced on the bench by Wales fly-half Dan Biggar.”
Farrell had shown imperious form in the Lions' fine 12-3 win over much-vaunted Super Rugby leaders the Crusaders in Christchurch last weekend.
7 British and Irish Lions captain assistant coach Graham Rowntree with the forwards
Head coach Warren Gatland will want the 25-year-old to play a pivotal role in the first Test against the All Blacks on Saturday week.
So the 52-cap England star will now launch an immediate bid to ease past this setback to contest selection for the Eden Park showdown.
Gatland hailed Johnny Sexton for rediscovering his “mojo” in naming the Ireland fly-half to start against the Maori.
Should Farrell fail to recover in time for the first Test, then Sexton would be almost certain to wear the Lions' number 10 jersey.
British and Irish Lions Iain Henderson
The Lions are already sweating on the full match readiness of tour captain Sam Warburton, who may yet not be in a position to start the first Test.
So Lions boss Gatland will be desperate not to have another of his blue-chip performers, in Farrell, entering the week of the first Test under a fitness cloud.
Ireland flanker Peter O'Mahony will captain the Lions against the Maori, with Warburton on the bench as he continues to shake off recent ankle trouble.
“Johnny needs more rugby and we're building on that,” said Gatland of Sexton.
“He was really good off the bench against the Crusaders the other day and the combination of 10 and 12 was pretty seamless.
“He was just down a little on confidence but he's got a bit of his mojo back, and we wanted to give him a start against the Maori.
India's revamped bankruptcy process is in full swing and investors from Blackstone Group LP to Oaktree Capital Group LLC are salivating over an estimated $210 billion of stressed assets that are up for grabs. But the courtrooms handling the thousands of bankruptcies are lacking a key component: Judges.
Ten benches with a combined 26 judges and technical staff are hearing more than 2,500 insolvency cases, the latest official data show. Based on the workload a year ago, researchers estimated India needs about 80 benches over five years. That estimate is starting to look conservative, as tighter rules introduced by the banking regulator in February are poised to tip hordes of additional deadbeat borrowers into bankruptcy.
A streamlined bankruptcy process is crucial for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's attempts to come to grips with a simmering banking crisis that's sucking energy out of India's economy. Any failure to resolve the shortage of judges also has implications for large global investors who are lining up to chase bargains across industries ranging from steel to cement.
“The National Company Law Tribunal appears to be understaffed and ill-equipped to deal with the increasing volume,” said Punit Dutt Tyagi, Delhi-based executive partner at Lakshmikumaran & Sridharan Attorneys, referring to the court system set up to handle bankruptcies. “This situation is unlikely to get better with time.”
Oaktree is following India's insolvency process and says may open a local office “under the right circumstances”
The NCLT was set up in June 2016 and gained full powers in January 2017, when India's new bankruptcy laws took effect. Electrosteel Steels Ltd. last week became the first large defaulter to complete the revamped bankruptcy process, missing the initial 180-day deadline for resolution but just about meeting the 270-day outer limit.
On Feb. 12, the banking regulator ordered banks to take defaulters straight to the NCLT if they can't come up with a repayment plan within six months. That will likely accelerate the buildup of cases in court, which stood at 9,073 on Jan. 31, including 2,511 instances of insolvency, 1,630 cases of merger and amalgamation, and 4,932 cases under other sections of the Companies Act, lawmakers were told last month.
Moreover, the bankruptcy process risks getting complicated by challenges to the court's orders. Renaissance Steel, one of the companies that bid to buy Electrosteel under the bankruptcy process, plans to appeal the decision to award Electrosteel to Vedanta Ltd., the Economic Times reported this week, citing an official it didn't identify.
Read why the challenges to the NCLT may ultimately be good for India
The accumulation of bankruptcy cases means that it sometimes takes about six months just to get a new insolvency case admitted to court, said Shardul S. Shroff, executive chairman of Delhi-based law firm Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas & Co.
“These courts don't have time to hear company law related matters as they say the insolvency cases are taking up all their time,” Shroff added. “In the absence of more judges it will be difficult for them to deal with the workload.”
— With assistance by Hannah Dormido
AUGUSTA, G.A. (WJBF Sports) — High school football season is just a few short weeks away and Wednesday at Television Park we named the head coaches for Border Bowl V.
Jefferson County head coach J.B. Arnold will lead Team Georgia in January's annual battle against Team South Carolina.
“This has gotten to be a pretty good rivalry over the last four, five years and I think it's very interesting that it's tied after four years, which I think speaks a lot about both South Carolina and Georgia,” Arnold said. “The only thing we know how to do is work hard and try to bring it back to Georgia.”
On the other side of the border, South Aiken's Chris Hamilton will represent Team South Carolina as its head coach.
“This is a great game,” Hamilton said. “I was at Myrtle Beach for awhile, so I got to be a big part of helping out with the North-South [game] and this game I can see being just as big. And it's been exciting the past two years I've been able to coach on it. And I guess that's why I was so thrilled when they asked me to be the head coach.”
Border Bowl V will be played Saturday, January 13th at Lucy C. Laney stadium in Augusta.
CTV Vancouver
An unmarked police cruiser was involved in a crash with another vehicle in Vancouver's West End Tuesday morning.
Few details have been confirmed, but a cruiser with front-end damage and a silver Acura with passenger-side damage were towed away from the crash scene at Denman and Alberni streets before sunup.
A restaurant's fence and patio also appear to have been damaged during the collision.
It's unclear if anyone was injured.
Police have not responded to a request for comment from CTV News.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
STOÏK'D celebrates the successful launch of its brand by offering a new free emergency blanket promotion
Contact
STOÏK'D
Jeff Riley
***@stoikd.co STOÏK'DJeff Riley
End
-- As a gesture of appreciation to all its followers, STOÏK'D is offering its second free emergency blanket promotion for the month of February. The company is making all its emergency blankets more affordable to its followers by giving it away for FREE . Customers would only have to pay $7.49 for 2 day express shipping."I just love the initial reception that we received for our product and I want these blankets to become more accessible to everyone. Now our followers would no longer have to wait to be picked a winner in our contest to get a free 8-pack STOÏK'D blanket," said founder John Stokd.The blankets are packed in individual packets of 8 to encourage sharing with friends and family. They are recommended to include in any car emergency kit or bug out bag and to bring to any outdoor activity. STOÏK'D Marketing Manager Jeff Riley says, "We are offering these promotions to the market because we want everyone to be prepared in case of any emergency may it be at home, in the car, or while outdoors.""The promotion started February 12, 2017 and is expected to run only until the end of the month. There are only a limited number of packs that will be given away and we encourage everyone to grab one before we run out as we have received more orders than expected," according to Riley.For more information, please feel free to visit the STOÏK'D Facebook page or https://goo.gl/ TlkUGc About STOÏK'D Co.STOÏK'D Co. is an outdoor lifestyle brand based in Vancouver, BC. Founded in 2016, the brand is focused on improving the outdoor experience by offering sustainable and versatile products. STOÏK'D Co. is dedicated to helping its users achieve the ultimate outdoor lifestyle.
CAR T Cell Therapy Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast to 2024
CAR T Cell Therapy
Contact
Mr. Shah
2067016702
sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Mr. Shah2067016702
End
-- CAR T cell therapy has been a major buzzword for a while, owing to its effectiveness in treating blood cancer. These are the genetically engineered receptors that target surface molecules in patient's immune system. T cells are collected from patients and are genetically engineered in the laboratory in order to multiply them by millions. These T cells are further injected in patients to offer immunity and guard against recurrence of tumorous cells.CAR T cell therapy is expected to be a game changer post its commercialization creating revenue opportunities for players in the CAR T cell therapy market. Moreover, it is expected to help with effective diagnosis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) in B cells of children. Introduction of the drug is expected to be especially beneficial for leukemia patients. According to the U.S. National Cancer Institute, over 340,000 people in the U.S., suffered from leukemia in 2015, with an estimated 1.5% of the population in the country expected to be detected with leukemia once in their lifetime. Growing prevalence rate and increasing demand for effective treatment modalities is expected to pave way for market growth over the forecast period.The CAR T cell therapy market is expected to be highly consolidated over the next few years, with the three major players accounting for around half of the overall market revenue share. This novel therapeutic application is expected to create lucrative profit margins for industry players across the value chain, ranging from manufacturers to distributors and end-use hospitals.This report segments the CAR T cell therapy market on the basis of antigen type, and therapeutic applications. On the basis of antigen, CAR T cell therapy market is segmented as CD 19, CD 20, GD2, CD22, CD30, CD33, HER1, HER2, Meso, EGFRvlll, and others.On the basis of therapeutic applications, CAR T cell therapy market is segmented into acute lymphocytic leukemia, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, non-hodgkin leukemia, multiple myeloma, pancreatic cancer, neuroblasta, breast cancer, acute myeloid leukemia, hepatocellular carcinoma, colorectal cancer, and other therapeutic applications.· This report provides in-depth analysis of the CAR T cell therapy market and provides market size (US$ Million) and Cumulative Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) (%) for the forecast period (2017 – 2028)· It elucidates potential revenue opportunity across different segments and explains attractive investment proposition matrix for this market· This study also provides valuable insights about market drivers, restraints, opportunities, new product launches or approval, regional outlook, and competitive strategy adopted by the leading players· The report takes into account critical limiting factors such as accuracy issues and need for calibrating the device several times a day while analyzing the market value and growth (%) during the forecast period· It includes insights on population dynamics, number of dental clinic centers, and demand for CAR T Cell Therapy across the globe.· It profiles leading players in the global CAR T Cell Therapy market based on the following parameters – company overview, financial performance, product portfolio, geographical presence, distribution strategies, key developments, and strategies and future plans· Key companies covered as a part of this study include Juno Therapeutics, Kite Pharma Inc., Novartis International AG, Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc., Celgene Corporation, and Cellectis.· Insights from this report would allow marketers and the management authorities of the companies to make informed decisions with respect to their future product launch, technology upgrade, market expansion, and marketing tactics· The global CAR T Cell Therapy market report caters to various stakeholders in this industry, including investors, raw material manufacturer, contract manufacturer, device manufacturers, distributors, new entrants, and financial analysts· Stakeholders would greatly benefit in decision making through the various strategy matrices used in analyzing the CAR T Cell Therapy market.Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity.
After nearly three weeks out of sight, Melania Trump tried today to put to rest speculation about her health and even her whereabouts as she continues to recover from medical treatment for a kidney condition. It didn't completely work.
FILE - in this May 7, 2018, file photo, First lady Melania Trump speaks on her initiatives during an event in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. Source: Associated Press
Mrs. Trump tweeted that she's "feeling great" and is at the White House working hard for children and American families. But she still didn't make a public appearance, leaving some skeptics still wondering about her condition and plenty more.
The first lady's tweet landed while her husband was participating in a White House event that seemed tailor-made for a first lady, as famous athletes joined President Donald Trump and his daughter and senior adviser Ivanka Trump on the South Lawn to promote youth sports and fitness.
"I see the media is working overtime speculating where I am & what I'm doing," Mrs. Trump said on Twitter. "Rest assured, I'm here at the @WhiteHouse w my family, feeling great, & working hard on behalf of children & the American people!"
The first lady's absence from public view has spawned all sorts of wild theories on social media and elsewhere: Has she moved back to Trump Tower in New York City? Is she cooperating with the special counsel's Russia investigation? Is her health in jeopardy? Has she entered the witness protection program? And so on.
Mrs. Trump has not appeared in public since the wee hours of May 10, when she accompanied the president to a military base in Maryland to welcome home three Americans who had been released from detention in North Korea.
Four days later, the White House announced that the 48-year-old first lady had successfully undergone an "embolization" procedure to treat a benign kidney condition, and that there were no complications.
She spent five nights at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in nearby Bethesda, Maryland. Some doctors familiar with the procedure but not involved in her care said people treated with embolisation typically are sent home the same day or the next.
First ladies are under no obligation to make their medical histories public, and the White House has said nothing more about Mrs. Trump's condition.
On Friday, the president tried to assure reporters that his wife was doing fine.
Asked about the first lady's health before he boarded the presidential helicopter on the South Lawn, Trump pointed to the second floor of the White House and said: "She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us, right there."
Despite Trump's assurances, reporters didn't see any sign of the first lady watching from above.
Mrs. Trump is often viewed as a reluctant first lady, but her lengthy absence from public view comes after what was probably her most high-profile period in the role to date.
In April, she alone represented the administration at the Houston funeral of former first lady Barbara Bush. She joined the president to host the Japanese prime minister for talks at the
Trumps' estate in Florida. That was followed by the French president's three-day state visit to the White House, which included the first state dinner planned under her watch for more than 100 guests.
Mrs. Trump capped it off in early May with a splashy Rose Garden rollout for her "Be Best" campaign to teach kindness to children. Trump watched from the audience.
Her popularity is rising, according to a recent CNN poll that found 57 percent of those surveyed saying they have a favorable impression of her, up from 47 percent in January.
A week after the first lady announced "Be Best," she was in the hospital.
She's been heard from — including tweets about the Texas school shooting, the newest Medal of Honor recipient and Memorial Day — but not seen since.
The first lady's longtime friend, Paolo Zampolli, thinks "she wanted to spend some quality time with her family."
Her spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said the first lady has been meeting with her staff on the "Be Best" initiative and working on upcoming projects like the annual White House picnic for members of Congress in June and Fourth of July festivities.
MIDDLESBROUGH, England (AP) " Gaston Ramirez's late miss provided a timely reminder of Middlesbrough's need for attacking reinforcements in a 0-0 draw with struggling champion Leicester in the English Premier League on Monday.
The Uruguayan steered his half-volley wide from eight yards to sum up a frustrating afternoon for the hosts, who are five points above the relegation zone.
Shorn of injured pair Islam Slimani and Danny Drinkwater, as well as the suspended Jamie Vardy, Leicester should be satisfied with the point.
Leicester, which is in 14th place, missed opportunities from Leonardo Ulloa and Christian Fuchs.
Meanwhile, January, February, and March happen to be colder months and garner ample travel thorough, April stands a loner due to the warmth in its winds and the slight sun shining. But April undisputedly is the month when ice deliquesces and a new shade of fluorescent green appears from underneath.
With a complete Spring throughout the month, April accumulates abundant tourists witness a beauteous scenario they hardly ever have. From the adorable cherry blossoms of Washington Dc and Tokyo to the spiced-up, adroit comestibles offered by Penang, Malaysia, April is the picture-perfect month when it comes to a vacation with family or loved ones.
We have subtly researched to get these amazing places for you to travel during April.
Central Otago in New Zealand.
Huge valleys and gorgeous mountains are what makes Central Otago stand out amongst all surrounding destinations especially during April because of the autumn season. The tourist destination is well-loved in April because not just the wine-drinkers, families and children also opt for Ontago in April due to the subtle transformation of wine trees from green color to red, orange, dark yellow and gold-brown. The far-flung region delivers its spectators with an eternal scenario portraying the finest form of nature. Tourists often go for an afternoon bike ride or a mountain hike in Central Otago during the month of April.
Tokyo in Japan.
Enormous and time-taking viewing parties are arranged by the populace living in Tokyo. Parties are held at a certain time so that they coincide with the blooming of cherry trees. Residents of Tokyo have taken the concept of cherry blossom to a whole new level. Spectators get so involved in the nightlife in Japan that they often end up partying till the April's sun rises. April is absolutely the month of magic when it comes to Japan.
Taiwan.
Luxuriant verdant and blooming gardens take over the complete region of Taiwan in the month of April. Yangmingshan National Park is seamlessly the dandiest place where spectators can find gorgeous cherry blossoms and azalea bushes appear rather vibrantly. Beitou and Wulai are well admired by the tourists due to their hot-springs because the suburbs of Taiwan align a Volcanic spot.
Penang, Malaysia.
The Penang state in Malaysia is considered to be the hub of scrumptious street food is arguably the entire world. The capital, George Town is a home to abundant open markets, food courts, hawker stalls and other street food vendors flaunting Malaysian exquisite mix of Indian, Chinese and Malay delights. Penang also has its signature cuisine with staples like Asam Laksa, a bowl of rice noodles presented with spicy and sour soup, and topped with abundant onions, pineapples, shrimp paste, and ginger. When spectators are not eating, they often go for trekking into the jungles and visiting Buddhist temples.
Washington, DC.
America's capital receives a massive number of spectators during the month of April because of the well-celebrated National Cherry Blossom Festival. The festival honors the blossoming of cherry blossom trees which were personated to the city of Tokyo, Japan in 1912. More than 1.5 Million attendees gather in the capital for the annual event which lasts 21 days and possesses segments like the parade, concerts, and kite-flying. Besides the festival, the weather in April stables at 70s Fahrenheit, which makes it perfect to visit the National Mall in broad daylight or maybe a free ride to the National park on the National Parks week, inaugural.
We are surely planning to visit one of these places this April. Which destination are you looking forward to? Tell us in the comments below.
Comments
comments
Hailing from a village in eastern Uttar Pradesh, Kedarnath Singh was one of the most celebrated Hindi poets.
A Jnanpith and Sahitya Akademi awardee, Singh was known for his simple style of writing, often inspired by objects of everyday life.
Some of his best known works include the award-winning poetry collection Akaal Mein Saras, Bagh, Abhi Bilkul Abhi , Zameen pak Rahi Hai, Yahan se Dekho, Tolstoy aur cycle among many others. He won the Sahitya Akademi award in 1989 for his poetry collection Akaal Mein Saras.
Singh was also an acclaimed critic and essayist. His stories and essays include Mere Samay ke Shabd, Kalpana aur chhayavad, Hindi kavita mein bimb vidhan, Kabristan mein Panchayat.
He also served as a professor and chairperson at the Department of Hindi Language at the Centre for Indian Languages at Jawaharlal Nehru University
Singh, who was admitted to the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), passed away at 8:45 pm, Bharatiya Jnanpith director, Leeladhar Mandloi told PTI.He was infected with pneumonia in Kolkata where he goes to visit his sister every winter. He was under treatment there for a month, he said.Mandloi said the poet recovered after coming to Delhi, but his condition worsened later.Singh was admitted in hospitals at Saket and Moolchand, before being shifted to AIIMS, he said.A hospital source said the poet had been admitted in AIIMS since March 13.Singh is survived by a son and five daughters. His final rites will be held at 3 pm on Tuesday.Talking about the great literary void that Singh has left behind, Mandloi said he was among the top three poets in the Hindi literature. He was one of those poets who was political in his own way. He kept a low profile, he said.
Launching on creative jump is Buggy baggy, a new product designed to turn a baby stroller into a shopping cart.
Buggy Baggy
Contact
Marvin Woods
***@creativejump.org Marvin Woods
End
-- We see it all the time - a parent struggling to push a baby carriage through a grocery store, mall, festival or more, all while trying to carry goods and packages. Enterthe new safe way to turn your carriage into a shppimg cart.allows a parent to keep both hands on the stroller and not obstruct view of baby. With very little effort, it easily turns the stroller into a shopping cart. You just snap it on and go. Safety and convienence are the primary concerns andy completely removes those concerns. It even frees stands in your car for east transport. It's convienent, it's safe, and it's easy to install to any baby cariage.Thecan be used for shopping, festivals, the library, restaurant, the park, the beach, amusement parks and more.They debuted at the ABC kids expo to rave reviews. When tested by a group of parents, moms and dads gavean A+ and 5-star rating.for more visit:creativejump.org
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
Sarah Fitzgibbon's youngest daughter Poppy was diagnosed with ataxic cerebral palsy at 13 months.
Now 11 years old, Poppy has profound and multiple learning difficulties. She is a non-verbal wheelchair user who attends Scoil MoChua in Clondalkin in west Dublin.
Every week, we will honour someone deserving of the hero tag. If you would like to nominate, go to irishtimes.com/healthheroes
Sarah – a mother-of-two who works part-time with the Abbey Theatre's community and education department – set up Poppy's Wheels, a benefit fund designed to make her daughter's life better, as well as the lives of other children with a disability.
Through the fund, other families with children who have a disability “can achieve small victories”, says Sarah. “We loan Hippocampes [all terrain wheelchairs] to families and centres so that children and adults with restricted mobility can access forest walks and beaches.”
1) What is your proudest achievement?
“Staying sane is the first thing that comes to mind, quickly followed by my family. We are a resilient bunch. Through parenting – especially special or additional needs parenting – you meet an amazing number of people who humble you with their care, tenacity and kindness in the face of adversity. I can't name one ‘achievement', but to stay positive in today's world is an achievement.”
2) What motivates you in your work and life?
“I inherited an intense work ethic so I am on the go, non-stop. I am very hopeful and positive, and I think working with different groups, especially children and young people, is key to that. My motivation is to encourage creative exploration with these groups, to engage them in social or political issues and encourage empathy. Since 2000, I have been using drama and theatre to explore social issues with junior infants to Transition Year students. I am a better carer when I can carry on my creative work.”
3) What do you do to keep mind and body healthy and well?
“Maintaining good mental health is vital when you are a carer. The physical weathering combined with social isolation, bureaucracy and uncertain futures for you and the person you care for can take a huge toll on a carer's mental and physical wellbeing. Our lovely rescue hound has been great and my best friend got a rescue dog at the same time. I have no choice but to get out and about. It can turn around a bad day, especially with a friend. I struggle in the dark months but once we get light in the evening, I take to the garden.”
Sarah Fitzgibbon set up Poppy's Wheels, a benefit fund designed to make her daughter's life better, as well as the lives of other children with a disability.
4) What are the most important factors to maintain a healthy society?
“Rights-based justice is the key. Our society has to stop treating the marginalised and the disabled as charity cases. They are Irish citizens who need to be treated as such. They need to be afforded all the compassion and support a civilised society can offer to fulfil their potential in life and to support their families.”
5) What needs to be done in Ireland to achieve this?
“We need to stop outsourcing our social responsibilities to charities and start to accept that these are rights issues at the heart of civil society and are a governmental and societal responsibility. The health service in this country has been systematically vandalised by a succession of neo-liberal administrations, hell-bent on pushing us towards a privatised system of medicine.”
6) What do you think is the most pressing issue in Ireland today?
“I think we should stop Hiqa closing all congregated settings for the disabled. Equinox Theatre Company did a spectacular show last year on this issue, created and performed by adults with intellectual disabilities who see congregated settings as places where they can build their communities of care, friendship and support.”
7) How do you think the Minister for Health needs to tackle this?
“Dismantle the HSE. Embrace a real commitment to socialised medicine. Take on the vested interests in Ireland within the system such as the over-powerful consultants, the Kafkaesque bureaucracy and other counter-intuitive ‘management' of the HSE. The outsourcing of money and responsibility to charities are doing what should be the work of Government.”
8) What do you do to relax and unwind?
“I am a box set addict. I have a group of female friends who gather to watch box sets over the winter months. It started with ‘Downton Abbey' and has carried on since. It's a great way to connect. And I love going to the theatre when I can.”
Poppy attends Scoil MoChua in Clondalkin in west Dublin.
9) What makes you laugh?
“My partner, Jonathan Shankey. Not bad to be still laughing after 20 years, but no one cracks me up more than him.”
10) Where would you like to live other than Ireland and why?
“I love this country and I believe in it and its people. Of course, I fantasise. It's always somewhere snowy like Scandinavia. I have been lucky enough to visit Norway, Finland and Russia before Poppy was born and Lithuania and Holland since. I adored Amsterdam where I took my partner for his 50th birthday. I think I could live there. Also, the Nordics seem to have the most enlightened approach to disabled rights in the world.”
- Do you know a Health Hero? Every week, we will honour one of the people deserving of the hero tag. If you would like to nominate someone, go to irishtimes.com/healthheroes
March 31 Forbes Energy Services Ltd:
* Forbes receives confirmation of plan of reorganization company set to emerge in April
* Forbes Energy Services Ltd - debtors, which filed for chapter 11 on January 23, 2017, anticipate that plan will become effective in mid-april 2017
* Forbes Energy Services Ltd - debtors will achieve a net reduction in their debt by approximately $230 million
* Forbes Energy Services - through restructuring process and upon emergence, debtors will achieve a net reduction in their debt by approximately $230 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A Sky logo is seen at the company's UK headquarters in west London July 25, 2014. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON European pay-TV group Sky (SKYB.L) said the number of customers deserting the service in its key home market had remained steady in the third quarter, helping it to reiterate its targets for the full year.
The company, which has accepted a buyout offer from Rupert Murdoch's Twenty-First Century Fox (FOXA.O), had unnerved investors in January with a rise in customer defections.
But the group said on Thursday that churn had remained steady despite it announcing new price rises. Operating profit for the nine months exceeded 1 billion pounds.
"Looking forward, we enter the final quarter of our fiscal year in good shape," Chief Executive Jeremy Darroch said.
"Despite the broader consumer environment remaining uncertain, we continue to deliver on our strategy and are on track for the full year."
(Reporting by Kate Holton, editing by David Evans)
Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba has requested the Public Investment Corporation (PIC) to provide a list of all its beneficiaries and the investments it has made, which he intends to make public.
In a statement on Friday, the Minister expressed concern about the politicising of the PIC, which is one of the largest investment managers in Africa, managing assets of over R1.857 trillion, which are mainly government employees' pension funds.
“While clarity has been given on the matter, the Minister thought it would be important to support his statement with bold action. The Minister has written a letter to the CEO and Board of the PIC, requesting them to provide a list of all its beneficiaries and the investments it has made, which he intends to make public,” said the Ministry of Finance.
The Finance Minister has also asked the PIC Chief Executive Officer and Board to conduct a forensic investigation into any concerns of irregularities at the asset manager.
“The Minister expects the list to detail the directors and shareholders of those companies. This will ensure that there is transparency, and further build confidence in the institution. The Minister has given the CEO and the Board two weeks to respond to this request.
“We need to assure pension holders that those with political or economic power will not be allowed to unduly influence the PIC,” said Minister Gigaba.
He said that it is in the best interest of pension holders and investors in the PIC for government to ensure that the asset manager does not function in an opaque manner. Minister Gigaba said the PIC does not belong to powerful people and that its interest must be aligned to what is best for pension holders.
Minister Gigaba has also noted calls by labour unions for a representative of labour on the PIC Board.
He is considering this request and will arrange a meeting with labour stakeholders to discuss this matter further.
As the Medium Term Budget Policy Statement (MTBPS) approaches, the Minister has appealed for a focus on the issues that matter, such as growing the economy and finding ways of ensuring inclusive growth.
Minister Gigaba will table the MTBPS in Parliament on 25 October.
South Africa Today – South Africa News
UK Stocks-Factors to watch on June 14
June 14 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 1 point lower on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers. * BHP: Activist shareholder Elliott Management called on BHP on Wednesday to "upgrade" its board of directors as the mining giant prepares to select a new chairman this week. * RYANAIR: European low-cost airline Ryanair is in talks with Boeing about placing an order for its proposed new 737 MAX 10 airliner, two people familiar with the matter said on Tue
Touch screen remote
Contact
Invacare EMEA Communications Team
***@invacare.com Invacare EMEA Communications Team
End
-- Global brand leader Invacare is once again raising the bar in the powerchair market, following on from the successful launch of the LiNX control system last year. Invacare has taken the smart technology a step further with a new touch screen remote, in-built Bluetooth technology, enhanced programming features and a range of specialist controls, all available on the remarkable Invacare LiNX powerchair range.Introducing next generation technology to powerchairs, Invacare is pleased to present the REM400 remote with its 3.5" interactive screen that requires minimal force to operate. Following extensive customer-insight research, this innovative remote can be configured to a users' physical and cognitive ability, thanks to its extensive functional capabilities. Also available is a REM500, a display only version of the REM400. Both remotes can be used with a wide range of specialist controls.The REM400 and REM500 controls have built-in Bluetooth technology to allow users to connect to their PC, Mac and compatible Android devices that have built-in HID functionality.The LiNX system now allows professionals to mix and match the drive, seating and environmental controls in order to customise the display to suit the user's lifestyle. E.g. The profiles can be customised by names such as Home, Outdoor and Work, with functions specific to each one. Profiles can also be set by user input options i.e. head control.Another new feature is the ability to adjust the joystick commands. The basic commands on a powerchair are forward, reverse, left and right but there are also other commands such as tilt, recline, lights, horns etc. to consider. The REM400 and REM500 allow these commands to be changed to suit the user, based on frequency or even by accessibility.To maximise a user's control and independence, the REM400 and REM500 allow a selection of specialist user inputs to be used on Invacare's remarkable powerchairs. They range from head controls, chin controls, Sip 'n' puff systems, joystick options, proximity switches and dual controls, allowing Invacare to provide a control solution for many powerchair users. To help professionals select the best control for a powerchair user, Invacare has put together a useful app with five simple steps to assist with the process. Take a look at the app by visiting www.linx4you.com plus it can download from the Google Play Store and Apple App Store.The above offering is available on all Invacare LiNX powerchairs, with a selection of the specialist controls only compatible with the TDX SP2 Ultra Low Maxx - and it is with this chair that Invacare is now able to fully enter the complex rehab market. As well as feature heavy, the TDX SP2 base itself can be customised thanks to the 10 contemporary shroud and rim insert options available which sit nicely on its new black tyres and castors. There is a new single sided fork option on the front and rear castors.Announcing the LiNX enhancement, Ilona Wiemann, Global Product Development Manager for Powered Mobility at Invacare International said: "Invacare is once again revolutionising power mobility and setting a new benchmark in this market segment.""When first launched last year, LiNX promised to be the start of something different and special and it didn't disappoint and now we are back with even more innovations and smart technology."To find out more about Invacare LiNX, please visit www.invacarelinx.com To find out more about the TDX SP2 with Ultra Low Maxx and LiNX, please visit www.invacareULM.com.
Children with life-limiting illnesses can now enjoy a wildlife garden at Martin House Children's Hospice in Boston Spa, thanks to a partnership cultivated with staff from a Harrogate estate agency.
Linley & Simpson broke its fundraising record by raising £26,000 for the charity, and staff also helped to transform spare land in the hospice grounds into a haven of peace for families, complete with thriving habitat for butterflies, bees and hedgehogs.
Staff at the agency, which employs 140 people at 11 branches across Yorkshire, took part in more than 20 fundraisers over the year, including dragon boat racing, climbing 20 Lake District peaks in just 13 hours, and collecting bric-a-brac to sell on.
John Haigh, corporate fundraiser at Martin House, said it had been a pleasure to work with Linley & Simpson over the year, adding: “We would like to bottle all its staff and show them off to the rest of the corporate community as an exemplary case study of how to form a real partnership.”
The Heidelberg Speedmaster CX 102 is a modern sheet-fed offset press that has been installed by several units worldwide. Printoholic explains what makes this machine so popular.
Used Heidelberg Printing Machines
Media Contact
01145547477
gagan@printoholic.net 01145547477
End
-- The Speedmaster CX102 is a sheet-fed offset press offered by the German manufacturer Heidelberg. It is basically a combination of the renowned B1 platform, the CD 102, and the XL 105. The Senior Partner of, a pre-eminent importer printing machines in Delhi speaks about this state-of-the-art machine and explains why it is the top pick of print shops in the country.He says, "If one visits the website of the ace printing equipment manufacturer Heidelberg, one would notice that the CX 102 press has been labeled as a universal press. Well, that is so very true. Running at a maximum speed of 16,500 sheets per hour, this press is fully adept to cater to the diverse requirements of the labeling and packaging industries. Further, it is also capacitated to process all types of materials, be it lightweight paper or rigid cardboard. It has been positioned between the CD and the XL range of Heidelberg presses, and offers the best of both the products, and yet is available at a lesser cost than the XL machine."He continues, "Promising improved productivity, high print quality, and an unrivaled performance, the CX 102 is downright impressive. Be it the Prinect Inpress Control inline closed-loop color management system, the double-sized impression cylinders, the triple-sized skeleton transfer drum, the Zero Oscillation feature, the exceptional Preset Plus Feeder & Preset Plus Delivery systems, the vented gripper bars, or the synchronised PowderStar AP 500 system, this press has what it takes to be a winner in its segment."Speaking about the technologies integrated in the machine, he says, "This is one of those presses which have automation written all over them. Backed by some best-in-class technologies, such as the Venturi Air Transfer technology, the Alcolor Vario dampening technology, or the use of taper rolling bearing units on the sheet travel & plate cylinders, this machine is one of the most evolved products developed by Heidelberg."He also says, "We have some clients who insist on purchasing. This is because they are aware that Heidelberg machines offer great return on investment as well as a competitive edge."Those on the lookout of Heidelberg presses can approach Printoholic and buy the desired products at reasonable prices. This company also maintains a stock of used Adast Dominant printing machines, Bobst rotary die-cutters, Stahl folding units, and Komori printing presses.For More Information About This Machines You Can Visit Our Website :- http://www.printoholic.net
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
Tapping into its world-leading research and development budget, Volkswagen (VW) has unveiled a €15 billion ($18 billion) investment plan for the next five years, as the German carmaker aims to outspend its rivals on developing electric and self-driving vehicles.
The investment amounts to an extra 44 percent on top of VW's own spending on such purposes, and would benefit primarily the company's three joint ventures with Chinese carmakers, said Jochem Heizmann, head of Volkswagen's business in China.
Speaking at a new-model presentation in Beijing on Tuesday, Heizmann said the group was hiking its investment in China because the market there "continues to surprise to the upside."
Read more: VW reports record sales in 2017, boosted by China
Together with joint-venture partner Anhui Jianghuai Automobile (JAC), VW plans to launch an electric sport-utility vehicle under a new brand called "Sol" with a range of more than 300 kilometers (186 miles). Overall, the VW group is aiming to deliver 1.5 million electric vehicles in China by 2025 and wants to start building electric cars in at least six Chinese factories by 2021.
Watch video 01:36 Share VW shines in China Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/1Id7P Volkswagen still shines in China
No ownership change
Speaking at the same event, VW group chief executive Herbert Diess noted that VW needed to "speed up" development because "change is getting faster, more dynamic and more ambitious, especially here in China."
Diess replaced Matthias Mueller as CEO two weeks ago to accelerate Volkswagen's restructuring as it emerges from the 2015 emissions cheating scandal that resulted in billions of euros in fines.
Read more: Corporate wheel turns at VW, but workers are staying calm
Under new technology plans, the world's biggest carmaker by sales aims to produce electric versions of all 300 cars, trucks and buses in its line-up, plus adding an all-new set of battery-powered vehicles.
The CEO also said that VW had no plans to alter the joint-venture structure of its Chinese operations. China's government signaled last week that it'll eventually allow foreign automakers to take full ownership of their local ventures. The current 50 percent stake cap is scheduled to end for passenger-car producers in 2022.
Watch video 02:36 Share China pushing to become e-mobility leader Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2keko China pushing to become e-mobility leader
uhe/aos (Reuters, dpa, AFP)
The Trump administration is giving insurance companies an extra three weeks to decide whether to offer insurance plans through the Affordable Care Act markets, and how much to charge.
The extension comes as insurance companies wait for President Trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the Affordable Care Act but that some Republicans have opposed.
The payments — known as cost-sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for discounts on copayments and deductibles that they're required by law to offer to low-income customers. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the payments this year would be about $7 billion.
Trump has said he may end the reimbursements, which he calls "bailouts," and has been leaving insurers to wonder month to month about whether they will receive a check.
A White House spokesman says Trump is "working with his staff and his Cabinet to consider the issues raised by the CSR payments."
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services says it is offering the extra time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the government decides to end the payments. In a memo Friday, the agency said many states are now requiring companies to file their rates for 2018 on the assumption that they won't be reimbursed.
Several companies say that without the cost-sharing payments, their rates will see double-digit increases. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina says ending the payments would push its rates up 14.1 percent.
The HHS memo says "there have been no changes regarding HHS's ability to make cost-sharing reduction payments to insurers."
But it then says the agency intends to change the ACA's risk adjustment program to compensate for the loss of cost-sharing payments.
The changes are technical and complex, but Timothy Jost, professor emeritus at Washington & Lee University's law school, says in a Health Affairs blog that the memo just deepens the confusion.
"We still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the Trump administration has not made up its mind," he says.
The cost-sharing payments have been at the center of a political battle over the Affordable Care Act since before President Trump took office.
House Republicans opposed to the health law sued then-President Barack Obama, saying the payments were illegal because Congress hadn't appropriated money for them. A judge agreed but allowed the administration to continue making the payments during an appeal.
Now that Trump is in the White House, and Republican efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act have failed, many Republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than undermine the health care markets.
End
--is an online resource that helps entrepreneurs launch their concierge or errand service successfully. The market for luxury services has grown over the last 30 years, surviving recessions and other difficult economies. In the last 5 years, in fact, an increasing demand for concierge services has erupted, creating a shortage of service providers. Since the recession of 2007 and 2008, more professionals are working longer hours and have less time to attend to personal matters. Additionally, high-income households are requesting personal concierge services more frequently. These two factors lend to the rising demand for "lifestyle management" types of services.Starting your own business in any industry is never as simple as it seems. Launching a concierge service is no exception. Little things as simple as defining the service to answering service calls appear to be easy, almost effortless. Unfortunately, many startups have come and gone because they held that perspective…that this business is as "easy as 1-2-3." Startups that would have flourished had they taken just a little more precaution and time for preparation were retired prematurely.There are a number of ways to start a concierge business. But first, you should decide whatyou would like to create. Among the most popular types of concierge businesses are: personal concierge business, corporate concierge business, and residential concierge business or concierge business for seniors. With each type of concierge service, you are able to provide a wide variety services, and customize them to meet your client's needs.In "Keys to Starting and Operating a Successful Concierge Service" you will learn:• The essentialsindustry secrets of not only how to start a concierge business, but also how to operate and run a successful concierge service or errand business• The diverse structures of personal, corporate and residential concierge services as well as business models pertinent to each• Step-by-step instructions for starting and operating a competitive concierge, errand or lifestyle management service• How to get clients for a concierge business and "Getting Your Foot in the Door"• How to outshine your competition• How to Start a Concierge Business• Concierge Business Plan | Concierge Service Pricing & Rates• Valuable strategies for furthering your career as a concierge, whether as an entrepreneur or professional• And much more!The ebook "Keys to Starting and Operating a Successful Concierge Service" helps concierge and errand service owners map out a plan to provide and enhance services. Entrepreneurs in search of a sound business idea will find ways to create unique opportunities in this thriving industry.Written by a 20 year veteran still active in the hospitality industry, Janet Slater currently operates her own corporate and residential concierge services for several properties in Las Vegas and Arizona. Her valuable knowledge learned over the years is now compiled in this book."It is a great time for a concierge business or errand business startup. In many areas where there is significant development in the luxury market (residential and commercial), you will find increasing opportunity for concierge service providers. I remember my first job as a residential concierge, which helped me start a concierge business from home. The knowledge I acquired while employed by an established concierge business set the groundwork for my long-term career as a concierge business entrepreneur and author. Now, it is my pleasure to share with you everything you need to know to not only start a concierge business, but also how to operate a successful one!"Visit http://www.concierge101.com and get started today!
A South Auckland health professional has been cleared on 20 charges of indecently and sexually assaulting women working for him or being treated by him at his practice.
The women - all but one former employees of the accused - say he groped, touched, rubbed and kissed them inappropriately and without their consent.
But he said the claims were simply not true and that his former staffers "conspired against him" as a result of "internal employment issues".
The man was granted permanent name suppression following his acquittal by a jury after a trial spanning almost a month at the Manukau District Court.
Advertisement
The specifics of his occupation were also suppressed, but Judge John Bergseng permitted the Herald to publish the fact he is a health professional.
The Crown alleged that between mid 2015 and early 2016 the man sexually assaulted five women.
As a result he was charged with 19 counts of indecent assault and one of sexual violation by unlawful sexual connection.
After hearing evidence including accounts from all five victims, the jury found the man not guilty on every charge.
The court heard that four of the women worked for the man at his health practice either as reception or junior staff.
The fifth was a member of the public who sought out his professional services.
Crown prosecutor Michael Regan alleged several victims had their bottoms massaged by the man during appointments and others had their breasts or genitals touched.
It was also alleged that the man rubbed his groin on the women - sometimes when he had an erection - put his hands inside their underwear and touched them inappropriately in the groin area.
The most serious of the alleged offending related to the same victim.
The man was accused of "kissing her, nibbling her ear and slapping her bottom" outside a treatment room and on a separate occasion, sexually violating her by putting his finger inside her genitals.
"He abused his position and systematically assaulted each of them," said Regan.
He told the jury the case was about "the abuse of trust and inappropriate touching by a health professional".
He said there was an expectation such professionals would not "mistreat" patients.
"The Crown says that (he) indecently assaulted five complainants during the course of treating them … under the pretence of delivering legitimate treatments," he said.
"Put simply, this was not legitimate treatment."
The Herald cannot publish the specifics of the offending as it may identify what realm of health the man works in.
In August 2016 one of the women went to police and made a complaint about the man.
By that stage another of the woman had also come forward.
Police visited the man at work, telling him he was under investigation for indecent assaults on now former staff members.
After speaking to a lawyer the man refused to speak to police.
He was arrested and charged.
During the investigation, three other women disclosed alleged offending and further charges were laid.
Some of the charges were representative, meaning the alleged offender had committed multiple offences of the same type in similar circumstances.
The man strenuously denied all of the charges and said the touching described by the women simply did not happen.
Defence lawyer Ron Mansfield told the court that the man believed four of the women had conspired against him.
They made up the allegations in response to "internal employment issues".
He said the fifth woman "misunderstood" her treatment as it was her first visit to such a professional.
Defence witnesses supporting the man's case included current and past employees from his practice and past and current clients.
The jury also heard expert evidence from the body that oversees the man's specific occupation on "legitimate" and "genuine" treatment for patients in that field.
Mansfield provided a statement to the Herald from his client.
"I am pleased that these allegations, which I have always vehemently denied, are now behind me and that I can return to my professional work which I love," the man said.
"I am grateful for all the professional and family support I have received and that has got me through this difficult time."
Gaza's Hamas rulers said last night that they have agreed to a ceasefire with Israel to end the largest flare-up of violence between the sides since a 2014 war.
Khalil al-Haya, a senior Hamas official, said that Egyptian mediators intervened "after the resistance succeeded in warding off the
aggression".
He said militant groups in Gaza would commit to the ceasefire as long as Israel does. Israeli Cabinet minister Naftali Bennett told Israel's Army Radio no agreement has been reached yet.
The Israeli military struck dozens of militant sites in Gaza yesterday as rocket fire continued toward southern Israeli communities.
Advertisement
The Israeli military said most of the projectiles fired yesterday were intercepted, but three soldiers were wounded, raising the chances of further Israeli retaliation.
One mortar shell landed near a kindergarten shortly before it opened.
The border area has been tense in recent weeks as Palestinians have held mass protests aimed at lifting an Israeli-Egyptian blockade imposed after Hamas seized power in 2007.
More than 110 Palestinians, many of them unarmed protesters, have been killed by Israeli fire since the protests along the Gaza border with Israel began in late March.
Israel holds Gaza's Hamas rulers responsible for the bloodshed. "Israel will exact a heavy price from those who seek to harm it, and we see Hamas as responsible for preventing such attacks," Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said.
Israel and Hamas are bitter enemies and have fought three wars since 2007.
The last war in 2014 was especially devastating.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
BOOK'D literary event to feature readings and discussions by acclaimed Los Angeles YA authors
Contact
Liz Donatelli
Liz D Publicity & Promotions
***@lizdpublicity.com Liz DonatelliLiz D Publicity & Promotions
End
-- Liz D Publicity & Promotions presents a special YA Summer Edition of Book'd "The Ultimate Bibliophiles' Night Out" on Thursday, June 8, 2017, 8:00 P.M. – 9:30P.M. at The Group Repertory/Lonny Chapman Theatre in the NoHo Arts District neighborhood of Los Angeles. Book'd is a literary event that treats book lovers to an intimate evening of author readings and discussion, bookish giveaways, and a catered mingling reception."The YA Summer Edition was created for the Book'd fans who have repeatedly asked for a YA only Book'd event," says Liz Donatelli, Liz D Publicity & Promotions Book Publicity and Literary Events Director. "As a fan of YA literature, I was only too happy to oblige."The YA Summer Edition of Book'd will feature author readings by and a discussion with: Bram Stoker Award-winning novelist Maria Alexander, author of contemporary YA horror thriller SNOWED; Maurene Goo, author of contemporary YA romance I BELIEVE IN A THING CALLED LOVE; Aditi Khorana, author of YA fantasy THE LIBRARY OF FATES; and Lilliam Rivera, author of THE EDUCATION OF MARGOT SANCHEZ.Book'd's Etsy store giveaway sponsors include Geeky Girl Scents (geeky fandom-themed candles), The Accidental Cat (cat photo notecards), and Ohmmygolly Press (miniature book pendants and earrings).General admission is $10. For event details and ticket info, visit https://www.bookdevent.com
Charles R. Smith, age 79, of Oroville, Washington died September 25, 2017 at North Valley Hospital. He was born on October 25, 1937 in Yuma, Arizona to parents Harvie and Mary Smith.
He joined the Army National Guard 49th Armored Division as bow gunner on an M48 tank in Houston, Texas from March to August of 1955. He returned to Oroville in 1955 and enlisted in the U.S. Air Force that December. He was sent to Parks AFB for the basic training and upon completion transferred to Keesler AFB in Mississippi for additional training. Chuck was stationed in Germany for 3+ years. He played soccer for the U.S. Air Force Langerkopf Tackneers and they won the European Championship in 1958. He was honorably discharged from the U.S. Air Force in December of 1963. He then enlisted in the U.S. Navy Reserves in 1976 and served until December of 1992. His active duty deployments include Korea, Japan, Okinawa and the Philippines. Chuck later worked at the Dart Warehouse Corporation for 28 years where he retired from in 1992 as VP, General Manager of the Midwest Division.
He loved fishing, cooking, and playing computer games. He was the greatest man and a loving, husband, father, and Papa.
He is survived by his wife Janet of Oroville; children; Raenell Ward, Kitty Smith, Kimberly (Tommy) Mathis, Mary (Ted) Stuart, Marty (Melissa) Smith, Chad (Michelle) Smith; grandchildren, Alice Smith, Jordyn Smith, Adam Peterson, Tabitha, Crystal and Justin Dover, Joshua and Joseph Smith, Charlene Seats, Amanda Parker, Becky and Billy Ward; eight great-grandchildren and Papa to many others including step grandchildren and great grandchildren and sister-in-law Loraine Smith.
He was preceded in death by his mother, biological father, stepfather Bill Kummers, grandson Jeremy and brother Harvie.
The family would like to say “Thank You” to the nurses at North Valley Hospital and Hospice; especially Peggy and a special “Thank You” to Alice for her care of her Papa.
Graveside service were held Saturday, September 30 at 2 p.m. at Oroville Riverview Cemetery with the Oroville American Legion officiating. A potluck luncheon followed at the Oroville American Legion.
Bergh Funeral Service & Crematory in charge of arrangements.
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump will have the chance to turn a key campaign promise into reality with this week's start of official talks to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
After threatening during the campaign to rip up the agreement, Trump has softened his stance a bit and spoken more recently of renegotiating the agreement as the most efficient course for the US, Canada and Mexico.
But talks to redo the controversial 1994 agreement, which eliminated trade barriers among the three countries, are expected to be thorny. The first round takes place from Wednesday to Sunday in the US capital.
Trump made NAFTA a defining issue of his campaign, frequently lambasting the deal as a “disaster” that sold out US workers and dismissing supporters who touted the deal's benefits.
“For Donald Trump this was so central in his campaign that he felt he has no choice but proceed,” said Edward Alden, a senior fellow at the Council of Foreign Relations, a leading think tank.
“I think at some point the President Trump has to walk away with something that he can call victory. I don't think he could just walk away.”
Trump's biggest gripe with NAFTA has been the dramatic shift in the US' commercial balance with Mexico, which since the treaty's inception has gone from a surplus of $1.3 billion to a deficit of $64 billion.
NAFTA has been a bedrock of the Mexican economy, with 80 percent of that country's exports going to its Northern neighbor, an especially impactful relationship for Mexican manufacturers and farmers.
The agreement has significantly boosted Mexico's auto sector, which has grown because of its supply of cheap labor as US automakers have shuttered some factories in their home country.
“Too many Americans have been hurt by closed factories, exported jobs, and broken political promises,” US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said last month.
The US trade balance with Canada is more even, but that trade relationship also has points of tension in some sectors, including dairy, wine and grains.
Long road ahead
While the US under Trump has been the party to force NAFTA back onto the agenda, all three countries agree there will be benefits to revisiting an agreement nearly a quarter of a century old that was crafted prior to the internet era.
“Each country feels they have a lot to gain from pursuing these negotiations,” said Jeffrey Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a think tank.
Trump administration officials have said they want a swift outcome to the talks, but experts think a speedy deal is unlikely. Next week's opening salvo will be followed by a second round of talks beginning September 5 in Mexico.
“The first round is basically to put forward some initial ideas and to explain them and probably the negotiators won't cover the most controversial issues in the first round,” said Schott, who warned a strident “America first” push by the Trump team could cause problems.
“All three countries are committed to successful negotiations that revise and improve the NAFTA, but there is a risk that if United Stated is pushing the controversial ideas too hard that the talks could run off,” Schott said.
A consideration from the Mexican side will be the 2018 presidential election. But Alden, who predicts the talks will require about two years, noted it also has an experienced negotiating team, as well as a strong consumer market for some US sectors, such as agriculture.
“Mexico has a lot of leverage too,” Alden said.
NEW YORK Third Avenue Management and its founder Martin Whitman have reached a $14.25 million settlement of a lawsuit by investors who accused the well-known value investment firm of mismanaging a junk bond mutual fund that collapsed in December 2015.
The preliminary all-cash settlement was filed on Friday with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, and requires a judge's approval.
It resolves charges that the defendants failed to ensure that the Third Avenue Focused Credit fund had enough liquidity, and misled investors about the fund's risks and ability to value securities properly.
The collapse of Focused Credit, which is being liquidated, tarnished the legacy of Whitman, 92, who chaired the fund, after having developed a strong reputation on Wall Street for investing in low-priced and "distressed" stocks.
Other defendants included Third Avenue's former chief executive, David Barse, and several of the firm's officers and trustees. All denied wrongdoing in agreeing to settle.
Daniel Gagnier, a spokesman for Third Avenue, declined to comment. Its majority owner Affiliated Managers Group Inc previously set aside money to cover the settlement.
Based in Manhattan, Third Avenue closed Focused Credit on Dec. 9, 2015 and halted redemptions after investors flooded it with withdrawal requests, which it said it could not meet by selling assets at what it called "rational" prices.
Focused Credit had posted a nearly 30 percent loss in 2015 prior to the closure, and had lost nearly three-quarters of the $2.97 billion of assets it held in late 2014.
The plaintiffs are led by an International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers pension plan in Michigan.
In a court filing, their lawyers said Third Avenue's finances had become a "serious concern" following an "exodus" of client money, creating a risk that its insurers would be unable to cover a higher payout even if the plaintiffs won at trial.
Third Avenue has roughly $4.3 billion of assets under management, down from about $8 billion 1-1/2 years ago.
Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd, which represents the plaintiffs, plans to seek fees equal to 10 percent of the settlement fund, court papers show.
The case is In re: Third Avenue Management LLC Securities Litigation, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-02758.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Additional reporting by Tim McLaughlin in Boston; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
A previously unseen photograph of Prince Harry and his new bride Meghan Markle has been spotted at Buckingham Palace.
The touching portrait of the newlyweds is on display in the audience room of the Queen's London residence.
The portrait of the couple in a loving embrace can be seen on the right of the fireplace of the living room where she hosts her weekly audience, reported the Daily Mail.
It is the first photo of Meghan to appear in Buckingham Palace and it sits alongside Her Majesty's other treasured photographs of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Advertisement
The portrait shows Harry dressed in a blue suit facing Meghan who is wearing a figure-hugging dress. Photo / Getty Images
The photograph takes pride of place at the front of the table. It shows Harry dressed in a blue suit facing Meghan who is wearing a figure-hugging dress.
It is unclear when and where the photo was taken, but Hello! reports it was likely taken by the couple's wedding photographer Alexi Lubomirski as part of their engagement shoot in December.
The photo of the couple replaces a portrait of the Queen's daughter Princess Anne and her husband Timothy Laurence.
That photograph, of the pair posing in their naval uniform, was last seen on the side table in April, a month before the wedding. It has now been moved to the left of the lamp.
Other portraits in the room show Zara and Mike Tindall on their wedding day and a picture of William and Harry in military uniform.
The portrait was not present when New Zealand PM Jacinda Ardern met with The Queen in April. Photo / Getty Images
The Queen regularly shifts the photo frames around but these have been in place for years.
The photo was spotted as the Queen welcomed Honorable George Brandis, the Australian High Commissioner to the UK, during a private audience at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday.
The audience room is where the Queen stores some of her most significant treasures, giving royal fans a rare glimpse into her personal life.
The room, on the palace's first floor, is peppered with photographs of toyals.
On the mantelpiece stands two 18th century English porcelain pheasants valued at £20,000 ($38,000), a white marble and gilt bronze clock, valued at £4000 ($7600), and an English gilt mirror, valued at £30,000 ($57,000).
In the fireplace is a two-bar electric heater, with only one bar lit up.
READ MORE:
• Prince Harry and Meghan Markle plan trip to New Zealand
• Is it all an act? Photo that sparked Meghan Markle backlash
The royals are known to face the cold with fortitude, and the dated rooms in their various haunts are known for their draughts and difficulty to heat. The Queen has similar budget heaters in fireplaces in all of her residences.
At Buckingham Palace, audiences are either held in the Queen's Audience Room or in the 1844 Room.
The Queen gives a weekly audience to the Prime Minister and will also have a private audience with the Chancellor of the Exchequor before a new budget is announced, as well as with visiting heads of state who are not on an official state visit.
The Queen also chairs Privy Council meetings, which are held regularly throughout the year, usually around once a month.
Fugitive caught after two years, police say
hello
A 24-year-old Mundelein man who became a fugitive while he was free on bond in a 2015 attempted murder case has been captured, Mount Prospect police said Tuesday.
Edham Salkic has been on Cook County's 40 most-wanted list.
Salkic, of the 0-100 block of South Shaddle Avenue, missed a court appearance Jan. 6, 2015, and evaded authorities until Jan. 31, when Mount Prospect police found him, according to a news release.
Police originally arrested Salkic in 2015 on charges including attempted murder, attempted armed robbery, aggravated discharge of a firearm, and unlawful possession of marijuana with intent to deliver.
In that case, Salkic and a 17 year-old approached a vehicle parked behind a business on the 400 block of East Euclid Avenue in Mount Prospect and attempted to rob the passengers at gunpoint, authorities said.
Salkic and the minor shot the vehicle several times as it drove away, authorities said. No one was injured.
Salkic is scheduled to appear in court Feb. 28.
Popular juried art show returns to Cantigny
hello
Something special is blooming this weekend among the gardens at Cantigny Park -- fine art.
The Art in Bloom Cantigny Fine Art Festival, a Father's Day weekend tradition at the park, will feature more than 75 juried artists in a variety of media, displaying and offering their work for sale, spokesman Jeff Reiter said. Between 4,000 and 5,000 visitors are expected during the festival, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, June 17 and 18, at Cantigny, 1S151 Winfield Road, Wheaton.
"This year's show will be a lot like in years past and that seems to be just fine for our visitors. They love this festival," Reiter said. "There are a lot of art festivals out there, and we know that, but Art in Bloom stands above because of the venue. There is a lot to do here. It's not just out in the parking lot."
While the First Division Museum is closed for renovations, the gardens and the Robert R. McCormick House will be open for tours during the festival.
Cantigny musical favorites Classical Blast and Guitarra Azul also are returning this year.
"It's the absolute perfect music for this event that really kicks off the summer here," Reiter said. "We've got amazing art, great music and the really popular food trucks are returning this year."
The weekend opens Friday with Cantigny's first Family Night of the summer featuring a cruise night theme. The 8:30 p.m. movie in the park will be "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story," and at least a dozen Star Wars characters are expected to attend.
On Sunday, a Father's Day Brunch seatings are at 10 a.m. and 12:30 and 3 p.m. in the Red Oak Room. For reservations, call (630) 260-8194 or email pduquette@cantigny.org.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SEATTLE - “How do we minimize those risks and still let them play the sport that they love?”
That was the question posed by Andy Connor, whose son Patrick is an offensive lineman on the football team at Bothell High School, just outside Seattle, Washington.
“Every time I see [Patrick] on the field, I'm worried something might happen,” Andy said. “It's just part of the reality of the game that they're playing, and the risks that are involved.”
“I feel better with that helmet on his head,” he said.
Connor is referring to the VICIS Zero1 helmet,ranked by the NFL the as the top-performing helmet of 2017. It was Patrick's Christmas gift from his parents a year ago.
“[Dad] told me it was going to help prevent concussions and help prevent injuries,” Patrick said.
The Zero1 generated a lot of buzz this past year when star players like Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson and the Chiefs' quarterback Alex Smith not only used the helmet. But Smith and Wilson didn't just wear the helmet — they invested in it.
Eighteen out of the NFL's 32 teams currently have at least one player wearing the helmet this season. Also part of the VICIS Coalition is former Dallas Cowboy Roger Staubach — also an investor — and former San Francisco 49er Jerry Rice.
VICIS CEO Dave Marver co-founded the company as a startup in 2013 with experts in neurosurgery and mechanical engineering from the University of Washington.
“We thought there was an opportunity to make a difference,” Marver said.
It has taken his team years of testing using both linear and rotational force to get to the design they've landed on now.
What's unique to the Zero1, Marver says, is a multilayered approach to protection. The helmet is made with a collapsible outer shell which covers a layer of vertical columns composed of a proprietary material that compress to absorb shock from a hit.
“This is designed to endure thousands of collisions,” Marver says, pushing on the flexible outer shell. “It bounces back each time, and the whole process is invisible to the naked eye.”
The Zero1 recently came down in price, from $1500 down to $950, which is still almost four times as much as the NFL's number two ranked helmet, the Schutt Air XP Pro VTD II. Is the Zero1 that much safer?
Arthur Maerlender with the Brain Injury Alliance of Nebraska and a professor in the Center for Brain, Biology and Behavior at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln said the verdict is still out. But, he added that any parent looking for fool-proof equipment to eliminate concussions in their son or daughter will be out of luck.
“We're not able to say, ‘This is good, you're never going to get a concussion with this helmet,'” Maerlender said. “That's just not going to happen.”
Instead, Maerlender said, one of the best things parents can do is to make sure their child athletes are removed from playing and taken to see a doctor after its suspected they may have suffered a concussion.
The NFL states on its helmet ranking poster that any advantage the Zero1 had over the 13 other helmets in the "top-performing-group" is statistically insignificant. The independent Virginia tech STAR helmet rating system — widely considered the industry standard — has yet to test the Zero1 because it hasn't been publicly available until recently.
VICIS maintains their research and design will only continue to improve and that the cost will only go down.
“Like a lot of new technologies, it's expensive at first,” Marver said when asked about the cost.
For the Connor family, the high cost wasn't a deterrent. Andy Connor felt that having the top-ranked helmet was a no-brainer.
“I couldn't really make the decision not to do it knowing what could happen if I didn't," Connor said.
AC experts support Rotary Club of Fort Myers South banquet for 13th year
End
-- The Rotary Club of Fort Myers South is pleased to announce the Southwest Florida Rheem Team will serve as the overall $10,000 scholarship sponsor for the 31st Annual Rotary South Scholar Athlete Banquet. This is the 13th year the Southwest Florida Rheem Team has served as a major sponsor of the event and its eighth year as the overall Scholarship Sponsor. The scholarship program recognizes top athletes from area high schools based on athletic and academic achievement, along with strength of character.Charlie Costa, secretary of Southwest Florida Rheem Team, said, "The Rheem Team is a dedicated group of air conditioning experts who consider ourselves philanthropists first. The Scholar Athlete program is one of the most exciting ways for us to give back to the community we love. To encourage the hard work, talent and dedication in our young people is a powerful investment in our future."Rotary Club of Fort Myers South will honor 36 students from 18 area high schools and will announce the recipients of several scholarships at its Scholar Athlete Awards banquet on Wednesday, May 10 at the Crowne Plaza in Fort Myers. The Southwest Florida Rheem Team will underwrite two $5,000 scholarships as the program's Title Scholarship Sponsor.The Southwest Florida Rheem Team was formed 17 years ago. In addition to maintaining the highest possible standard of technical expertise in their field, the six member HVAC contractors work together to contribute to the local and global community. The support of the Scholar-Athlete Awards is only one of many valuable contributions these philanthropic service professionals make in Southwest Florida.Eighteen Lee County-area high schools nominate one top male and female varsity letter winner who maintains a minimum 3.2 GPA, is involved in school and community activities and demonstrates leadership characteristics. A selection committee of Rotary South members interviews nominees and selects the winners.Event sponsorship opportunities are still available for the May 10 banquet, starting at just $100 to sponsor a scholar-athlete. Scholarship sponsorships are also available, starting at $1,000 per student. For more information about the 31th Annual Rotary Club of Fort Myers South's Scholar-Athlete Awards, contact Rob Scharlau at rob.scharlau@ busey.com The Southwest Florida Rheem Team was formed 17 years ago with a desire to be of service to the community. These six Air Conditioning experts undergo extensive training and hold each other to the highest technical standards, yet consider themselves philanthropists first. Local charitable efforts include 13 years of sponsoring the Rotary South Scholar-Athlete Program and donating air conditioning systems to support The Calusa Nature Center's state-of-the-art planetarium projector.Rotary Club of Fort Myers South has more than 125 members who are among the 1.3 million Rotarians worldwide. Service Above Self is the motto of Rotary International, which has contributed more than $1.2 billion and tens of thousands of volunteer hours toward polio eradication in addition to projects such as water quality, world peace and literacy. Rotary Club of Fort Myers South meetings are held each Monday at noonat the Crowne Plaza, 13051 Bell Tower Drive. For more information, visit www.rotarysouth.org
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought his mission was accomplished.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
There's no compelling case for the State to establish a local banking system, something that would cost the exchequer a minimum of €170 million, a report has found.
Although not compelling, alternative means of establishing local public banks may have potential to bring additional competition to the financial services market and the government will examine this, the report on local public banking in Ireland suggested.
The report fulfils a commitment in the programme for a partnership government whereby it would investigate a system of local banking in Ireland.
It copies the German Sparkassen model whereby the State has ownership of a bank as opposed to private ownership.
Sparkassen are only allowed operated in specific regions and their lending activities confined to particular areas. They aim to encourage regional economic development rather than just profit maximization.
In a press statement issued Wednesday evening the government said it recognises the positives of local public banking in terms of increasing access to finance for small and medium business. It is therefore commissioning an independent external evaluation of other possible ways in which the concept could be promoted in Ireland.
Plans
“There is of course also no impediment to any interested parties separately pursuing the establishment of a system of local public banks in a manner that does not involve exchequer funding,” the government statement said.
Minister for Finance, Paschal Donohoe, said: “Following considerable analysis and careful consideration of the proposal on local public banking, the decision has been taken not to pursue this option. However, given the positive aspects of the concept of public banking, I have decided to commission further work in this area by means of an external, independent evaluation looking at how this concept could be promoted in Ireland.”
Credit Union representative organisations welcomed the report which acknowledged their plans to play an increasing role in the Irish retail financial landscape.
While the government is a significant player indirectly in the banking market, through its shareholding in AIB, Bank of Ireland and Permanent TSB, it said its priority is “facilitating a functioning and competitive private market and reducing its shareholding in a manner that recovers the taxpayers investment over time”.
Nonetheless, it said its “fully supportive of increased competition in the banking sector”, but that given the current demand for supply of credit, there's no compelling business case for the State to intervene.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England have named Mark Stoneman as Alastair Cook's latest opening partner while leg-spinner Mason Crane is a surprise inclusion in the 13-man squad for this week's historic day-night Test against West Indies.
The match will be the first day-nighter held in England, and will start in Birmingham, at Edgbaston, on Thursday.
Stoneman, as widely anticipated, replaces the misfiring Keaton Jennings and will become the 12th batsman since Andrew Strauss retired five years ago to get a chance to stake his claim at the top of the order alongside Cook.
Crane's call-up for Edgbaston was largely unexpected after an indifferent season with Hampshire although the 20-year-old made a positive impression in England's Twenty20 series against South Africa in June.
But what can fans expect of the weather?
Thursday
Chilly but a bright start, according to the Met Office.
Any rain spells will be brief and should clear to sunshine and showers.
Temperatures will reach highs of 21C.
Friday
Forecasters predict longer spells of rain through Friday, unfortunately.
And those visiting Edgbaston are urged to take care in what could be "windy conditions".
Expect temperature highs of just 17C - so plenty of overcast skies for the seam bowlers.
Saturday, Sunday and Monday
The forecast confidence is low heading into the weekend, but a tentative forecast from the Met Office suggests highs of 18C across both days.
Sunshine should break out between 12noon and 2pm on Saturday, though the latter stage of the day has a 50 per cent chance of rainfall, according to the Met Office.
Sunday looks like being a cloudy, overcast day.
April 28 Exxon Mobil Corp:
* ExxonMobil earns $4 billion during first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.95
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.85 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 total revenues and other income $63,287 million versus $48,707 million
* Q1 cash flow from operations and asset sales was $8.9 billion versus $5 billion last year
* Quarterly liquids production of 2.3 million barrels per day decreased 205,000 barrels per day
* Quarterly upstream earnings were $2.3 billion, compared to a loss of $76 million in Q1 of 2016
* Q1 2017 earnings of $4 billion increased 122 percent from Q1 of 2016
* Q1 oil-equivalent production 4,151 koebd versus 4,325 koebd
* Quarterly downstream earnings were $1.1 billion, up $210 million from Q1 of 2016
* Q1 2017 capital and exploration expenditures were $4.2 billion, down 19 percent from q1 of 2016
* Quarterly natural gas production of 10.9 billion cubic feet per day increased 184 million cubic feet per day from 2016
* Q1 worldwide refinery throughput 4,324 kbd versus 4,185 kbd
* Quarterly chemical earnings of $1.2 billion were $184 million lower than Q1 of 2016
* Q1 2017 oil-equivalent production was 4.2 million oil-equivalent barrels per day, down 4 percent from prior year
* Excluding entitlement effects and divestments, Q1 2017 oil-equivalent production was down 1 percent from prior year
* Q1 revenue view $64.73 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUCHAREST, April 20 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Romanian financial markets on Thursday.
DEBT TENDER
Debt managers plan to sell 600 million lei ($142.05 million) worth of February 2020 treasury bonds series RO1620DBN017.
CEE MARKETS
The forint rebounded from a one-year low against the zloty on Wednesday due to technical factors but could slump again given Hungary's loose monetary policy and fresh political uncertainty, dealers said.
For the long-term Romanian diary, click on
For emerging markets economic events, click on
For an index of all diaries, click on
For other related news, double-click on: --------------------------------------------------------------- Romanian equities RO-E E.Europe equities .CEE Romanian money RO-M Romanian debt RO-D Eastern Europe EEU All emerging markets EMRG Hot stocks Stock markets STX Market debt news DBT Forex news FRX For real-time index quotes, double-click on: Bucharest BETI Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX ---------------------------------------------------------- ($1 = 4.2240 lei)
COLUMBIA - Mid-Missouri residents had mixed reaction Wednesday to the U.S. Supreme Court vote in two separate decisions that paved the way for gay rights in the country. Justices denied part of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) that denied hundreds of federal benefits to same-sex couples and cleared the way for gays and lesbians to once again marry in California.
Locals in mid-Missouri are reacting both positively and negatively to the rulings. One Fayette resident said he is excited about the ruling.
"Today is certainly a win," Joe Jefferies said. "It's a huge step. It shows that gay marriage is more and more acceptable. It's something that's really been progressing."
Although Jefferies counts the rulings as a win, he also said he desires to see more progress in the future.
"It's a big step forward in history for us obviously as a nation," Joe Jefferies said. "I wish it was a bit more sweeping in parts of it. I would love to see it be nationwide, state-by-state, recognized everywhere."
Other local groups said these decisions do not end the marriage debate. John Yeats, the executive director of the Missouri Baptist Convention, said that instead of "casting rocks" at the Supreme Court or expressing discontent with the advancement of gay rights, Christians should stand by the scripture and search their own souls.
"The court's decisions do not surprise us, but they disappoint us for at least two reasons," said Yeats in a statement to KOMU 8 News. "First, the branches of our federal government continue to chisel away states' rights to carry out the will of their people. Second, and more disturbing, they reflect the fact that a growing number of Americans increasingly embrace behaviors that violate natural law and biblical truth. The Supreme Court had the opportunity to uphold marriage and return authority for marriage policy to citizens and their elected officials but chose instead to legislate from the bench."
Some posts on KOMU 8's Facebook Page also shows some locals believe that regardless of religion, religious beliefs should be set aside and human rights should be respected.
One person posting as Kirsten Johnsen, wrote, "I'm a Christian, and one of my best friends is gay. I love my best friend, and God. God will judge him, but I have no right to. I think everyone should have equal rights, and EVERYONE should respect one another, no matter what, because in the end, we ALL answer to God. We all sin differently, some of us lie, cheat, steal, worry, and some of us are gay. It is NOT up to us to judge others."
Regardless of supporting the Supreme Court's decision or not, Jefferies said he believes these rulings mark something everyone can relate to.
"It's a good day for love," Jefferies said. "Everybody is saying it's a great day for gays, it's a great day for this, but it's also a great day for love. Love has moved forward today. That's important to me, that's important to everybody else that is a part of this movement that's going on; love and kindness for your fellow man regardless of what you believe."
LOVE OF HISTORY: Janice Flood bringing the second Heritage Festival to life.
HISTORIC Warwick will live up to its moniker when the Southern Downs Heritage Festival comes to life.
Festival co-ordinator Janice Flood said more than 20 community groups and businesses had come together to produce the 38 events slated for the second festival, which kicks off this Friday.
"It's really interesting to see community groups come together to help and we are very fortunate to have so many people involved
and enthusiastic for the second festival,” Mrs Flood said.
"We have high hopes as there's been so much interest in the lead-up to the festival this year and I'm amazed by how much has spread by word of mouth.”
Mrs Flood said Southern Downs Regional Council had given about $495 through the community funding program to the Heritage Festival Committee to print event flyers available from the region's visitor information centres.
She said the Southern Downs was an ideal location to host the festival thanks to its diverse heritage.
"Knowing our history and what we've been through in the past gives us a resilience as a community in the present,” Mrs Flood said.
"We have such rich agriculture heritage worth sharing.”
Find Southern Downs Heritage Festival on Facebook for the full program of events for the festival from April 21-30.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
ST. PAUL (AP) -- A federal judge in Minnesota has temporarily blocked a St. Paul rule that limits the number of people a church can serve at its daytime center for the homeless.
The decision says the city policy violates the Listening House's First Amendment rights and a federal religious freedom law. The Listening House links homeless people with resources at First Lutheran Church on St. Paul's east side.
U.S. Chief District Judge John Tunheim said Monday the church will likely win its lawsuit against the city, which required the church to cap visitors at 20 and display a no trespassing sign, among other conditions.
City officials set those rules after neighbors complained about people littering and urinating near the church.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
A former Dos Pueblos High School football coach has been arrested for allegedly stalking a former student, according to the Santa Barbara Police Department.
Justin Anthony Sell, 27, was booked into Santa Barbara County Jail on a felony stalking charge, said Sgt. Riley Harwood.
Bail was set at $150,000.
Sell's alleged behavior in the case began in May, Harwood said.
The stalking “included annoying phone calls, surveillance of the victim and the victim's residence, confronting the victim in public, creating a fictitious Facebook account for the purpose of posting demeaning comments about the victim and befriending the victim's contacts, and articulating the intent to move to the state where the victim will be attending college,” Harwood said.
Sell's actions caused the victim, a male athlete who lives with his family in Santa Barbara, “to experience significant, sustained fear,” Harwood said.
Detective Charlie Katsapis obtained an arrest warrant for Sell, and a search warrant for his residence on the 4600 block of Tajo Drive.
On Tuesday, a team of detectives executed the search warrant and arrested Sell without incident, Harwood said.
When interviewed by Katsapis, Sell admitted to committing nearly all of the acts described by the victim and other witnesses, Harwood said, adding that Sell's motivation for stalking was his perception that his friendship with the victim was failing.
The student's name was not released.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
UCC 1-18 DCU 0-16
UCC struck late to shrug off the gutsy DCU challenge and qualify for the Fitzgibbon Cup semi-final for the first time since 2014 after a hard-fought game in testing conditions at the Mardyke yesterday.
The Cork students held a slender 0-16 to 0-15 lead against the wind, when Waterford star Patrick Curran missed an easy free from in front of the posts four minutes from the end to level matters for the ninth time.
Moments later he hit an upright from a well-struck sideline cut and UCC made the most of their escape to score a quickfire 1-2 in injury-time.
A long-range Séamus Kennedy free gave them some breathing space before substitutes Mark O'Connor, with a fine point from distance, and Tipperary's Michael Breen, who pounced for the only goal, wrapped up victory.
DCU, who were attempting to make the finals weekend for the first time since 1997, more than matched their illustrious opponents and were level at 0-11 apiece at the interval.
Curran's free-taking helped them cancel equally impressive shooting from Anthony Spillane and Kennedy for UCC, who were grateful for goalkeeper Jack Barry denying Curran midway through the half.
And Barry was needed again in the second half, when saving from DCU substitute Eoghan McHugh, before the 38-times champions came with a late flourish.
UCC: J Barry; I Kenny, C Spillane, captain, S Roche; S Kennedy (0-5, four from frees), C Gleeson, R Cahalane; J Barron (0-2, one from a free), C O'Leary (0-2, one from a ‘65, one from a free); G O'Brien (0-1), T Devine, M O'Brien (0-1); A Cadogan (0-2, one from a free), J O'Flynn, A Spillane (0-3). Subs: M Breen (1-0) for O'Flynn 26 mins, M O'Halloran (0-1) for O'Brien 41 mins, M O'Connor (0-1) for Cahalane 46 mins, E Gunning for Kenny injured 56 mins.
ADVERTISEMENT
DCU: R Gillen; S McCaw, C Delaney, E O'Donnell; T French, P Foley, captain, A Maddock; P O'Dea (0-1), G Bailey; L Fahey (0-1), R McBride (0-2), J Byrne; E Conroy, P Curran (0-7, six from frees), AJ Murphy (0-3). Subs: K Doyle (0-1) for McCaw 18 mins, H O'Connor for Bailey 45 mins, E McHugh for Byrne 47 mins, P Kelly (0-1) for Doyle 59 mins
Referee: A Kelly (Galway)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Conclusions: Crowdsourcing platforms such as MTurk support efforts to efficiently reach large groups of individuals to obtain input on research activities. In the context of back pain, a prevalent and easily understood condition, the rank list of those with back pain was highly correlated with that of those without back pain. However, subtle differences in the content and quality of free-text comments suggest supplemental efforts may be needed to augment the reach of crowdsourcing in obtaining perspectives from patients, especially from specific populations.
Results: We conducted 2 screening waves. We first screened 2189 individuals for back pain over 33 days and invited 480 (21.93%) who screened positive to complete the prioritization, of whom 350 (72.9% of eligible) did. We later screened 664 individuals over 7 days and invited 474 (71.4%) without back pain to complete the prioritization, of whom 397 (83.7% of eligible) did. Those with back pain who prioritized were comparable with those without in terms of age, education, marital status, and employment. The group with back pain had a higher proportion of women (234, 67.2% vs 229, 57.8%, P =.02). The groups' rank lists of research priorities were highly correlated: Spearman correlation coefficient was .88 when considering topics ranked in the top 5. The 2 groups agreed on 4 of the top 5 and 9 of the top 10 research priorities.
Methods: We conducted cross-sectional surveys on MTurk to assess participants' back pain and allow them to prioritize research topics. We paid respondents US $0.10 to complete the 24-point Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire (RMDQ) to categorize participants as those “with back pain” and those “without back pain,” then offered both those with (RMDQ score ≥7) and those without back pain (RMDQ <7) an opportunity to rank their top 5 (of 18) research topics for an additional US $0.75. We compared demographic information and research priorities between the 2 groups and performed qualitative analyses on free-text commentary that participants provided.
Objective: The goals of this study were to (1) understand how those on MTurk who screen positive for back pain prioritize research topics compared with those who screen negative for back pain, and (2) determine the qualitative differences in open-ended comments between groups.
Background: The involvement of patients in research better aligns evidence generation to the gaps that patients themselves face when making decisions about health care. However, obtaining patients' perspectives is challenging. Amazon's Mechanical Turk (MTurk) has gained popularity over the past decade as a crowdsourcing platform to reach large numbers of individuals to perform tasks for a small reward for the respondent, at small cost to the investigator. The appropriateness of such crowdsourcing methods in medical research has yet to be clarified.
Introduction
Modern health care decision making incorporates expert opinion, practice standards, and the individual preferences and values of patients themselves [ , ]. The patient's voice is essential to ensuring that treatment plans address what is most important to them. In support of patient-centered care, patient-centered outcomes research equally seeks to engage patients and the public in designing and implementing research studies. Efforts to involve patients in research can take various forms ranging from consultative (eg, researchers can seek patient opinion about the design of a study) to more collaborative approaches (eg, patients can be involved as members of the study team itself). Engagement throughout the research process is an important step in developing evidence that will support patients and providers as they make health care decisions. Identifying and prioritizing research topics—the first phases of patient-centered outcomes research—direct researchers to address the relevant and important problems facing those who may benefit most from study findings; thus, patient involvement is imperative [ ].
Patient-centered outcomes research teams have begun to use novel technology-driven engagement strategies—including social media and crowdsourcing platforms—to augment traditional engagement activities. Emerging evidence has suggested that online engagement methods such as crowdsourcing may provide an efficient alternative to in-person meetings [ , ]. Crowdsourcing as a whole is appealing in its ability to rapidly obtain responses from a broad and potentially diverse population. For prevalent conditions, such platforms may provide an efficient and effective method for obtaining input on research activities, including research prioritization.
One example is Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk; Amazon.com, Inc), a crowdsourcing platform where users are paid a small fee for performing designated tasks [ ]. Originally designed to allow the rapid completion of complex but repetitive work, MTurk has been adopted by behavioral scientists and market researchers to serve as a virtual laboratory to quickly and inexpensively administer thought experiments via online surveys, perform market research for organizations, and give insight into the thought processes underlying decision making [ , - ]. Furthermore, some have begun to use MTurk to obtain public opinion on health care-related topics [ ].
Our group has worked to understand the relative strengths and weakness of various patient engagement activities for research prioritization in the context of low back pain. Low back pain occurs in 80% of the population at some point in their life [ ], accounting for about 8% of all disability from all disease in the United States; 25% of the population reports having had back pained in the past 3 months and 55% report back pain in the past year [ , ]. Despite its prevalence and health burden, there is no clear mechanism for patient engagement in the decision making around back pain research [ ]. In a prior study, we compared the research priorities established by patients with back pain who participated in a patient registry with those established by MTurk participants who self-reported having back pain. The 2 groups ranked research topics similarly, despite large differences in age (the MTurk cohort being younger) and in selection into the cohorts: those in the patient registry had a formal diagnosis of back pain, whereas the MTurk group was selected on the basis of their Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire (RMDQ) score. The RMDQ is a validated tool that is used to score back-related disability and was used as a proxy to distinguish those with back pain from those without back pain. The conclusion of the study was that these two methods of identifying patients for engagement—patient registries and crowdsourcing—complement one another [ ].
Our prior study exposed difficulties in participant selection from a crowdsourced sample for research prioritization. We had used the RMDQ to find those with back pain but had no understanding of whether this selection process changed the ranking of research topics or improved the information gathered from our cohort. This study, therefore, expands our prior work to a broader population on MTurk, comparing those who screen positive for back pain against those who screen negative for back pain, with categorization based on the RMDQ score. We sought to understand how these 2 groups differed with respect to their research topic rank lists and additional commentary in order to guide the use of MTurk as a platform to support research prioritization for low back pain. We hypothesized that this comparison would also give insight into the use of MTurk for research prioritization, generally.
Methods
Overview
This study is part of a series of investigations to understand methods of patient engagement, and specifically research topic prioritization for back pain [ - ]. We conducted 2 cross-sectional surveys via MTurk: the first in January 2016 targeting those with back pain, and the second in August 2016 targeting those without back pain ( ), limiting the MTurk sample to only those residing in the United States. The University of Washington Human Subjects Division provided ethical approval for this study prior to administration of the surveys.
‎ Figure 1. Mechanical Turk (MTurk) enrollment. Schematic flow diagram of enrollment of both cohorts, including screening and response rates. Compensation is in US $. See also Figure 1 in Truitt et al [ ]. RMDQ: Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire. View this figure
We used the RMDQ as a screen to categorize individuals as those with back pain (RMDQ ≥ 7) and without back pain (RMDQ < 7) [ ]. The RMDQ screens for current back-related disability but does not offer clear insight into a possible history of back pain. Therefore, the group without back pain could have contained individuals with a history of back-related disability that had since improved. We paid MTurk users US $0.10 for completing the RMDQ. We invited a subset of those who took the screening survey to complete a prioritization activity, based on the above categorization. The prioritization survey was extended to those with back pain during the first survey administration and to those without back pain during the second administration. This separate prioritization survey elicited participants' top 5 of 18 back pain research topics adapted from a list previously generated by primary care providers and researchers (see ) [ ]. We paid MTurk users an additional US $0.75 for completing the prioritization survey [ ]. In addition, participants could add up to 5 additional topics in open-ended comment fields beyond the topics in the list provided. Users provided demographic information at the conclusion of the prioritization survey. Both the screening RMDQ and the prioritization surveys were administered using Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap), a software platform specifically designed for electronic data capture in research studies [ ]. Both surveys were developed by our team prior to administration as an open survey on MTurk. We used neither randomization nor adaptive questioning methods. We added an internal validation question to the screen such that, if none of the 24 items on the RMDQ applied, participants were instructed to check a box noting this. Those who did not pass this internal check were removed from analysis. Participants were not able to review their answers prior to submitting, but they were able to change answers as they proceeded through screening and prioritization.
Demographic and Ranking Analysis
We tabulated age, sex, the highest level of education attained, current level of employment, and ethnicity and race, reporting frequencies for categorical variables and means for continuous variables to compare participant demographic characteristics. To understand the geographic distribution of our MTurk sample, we tabulated the US states of residences within each group. We created a ranked list of research topics within each group by determining the frequency that each topic was selected as the top 1-5 priorities and ordered them accordingly. A Spearman rank-order coefficient was used to compare the rank lists of research topics generated by each group. A Spearman coefficient close to 1 would signify a high level of agreement in the order of the ranked research topic lists between groups; a value close to 0 would signify little agreement in the rank lists; a value approaching –1 would signify that the rank lists are opposite one another. We performed a Wilcoxon rank sum test, without continuity correction, to understand whether the distribution of rankings—that is, the relative importance of the top- versus bottom-ranked research topic—was the same or different between groups. A significant result (P
A shopping trip with a historic twist and a world premiere of a children's classic are among the compelling reasons to head to Chester and Cheshire at Christmas. Here's our top 10, with more ideas at at christmasinchester.com.
1. See Chester's Rows Revealed
Like so many towns, Chester has a Santa Run
The city's medieval Rows – the world's first shopping arcade – will be the focus of The Rows Revealed, a fascinating 90-minute tour now available to the public. The Guild of Chester Tour Guides will unearth archaeological gems within the double-decker shopping galleries, some only accessible with their help, such as the remains of pillars that were once part of the Roman fortress Deva Victrix, now hidden beneath Pret a Manger. Other sites likely to be on the itinerary include the remains of a Roman hypocaust beneath Spudulike, medieval cellars in Corks Out, and Tudor plasterwork and a priest hole in Sofa Warehouse.
2pm, Thursdays, 16 Nov-21 Dec, and the last Sunday of each month throughout 2018. Departs from the Town Hall Visitor Centre, tickets from guide, £7 adult. Book at chesterwalkingtours@gmail.com.
2. Watch the world debut of 'The Secret Seven'
Enid Blyton's 'The Secret Seven' will be live on stage for the very first time this Christmas at Storyhouse, Chester's new integrated arts centre. In this new production of the classic children's tale, the intrepid gang are on the trail of strange clues that will lead them straight to the heart of a mystery they must solve by Christmas.
Various dates, 1 Dec-14 Jan, adult £26, under-26s £19.50. Contact 01244 409113 or storyhouse.com.
3. Shop for gifts from artisans and favourite brands
Chester's Christmas Market (above centre) will champion the region's artisans, with more than 70 wooden chalets offering crafts, clothing, homewares, decorations and food and drink, set around a huge Christmas tree. Makers and producers from the North West, North Midlands and North Wales will include the likes of Cheshire's Lymm Candle Company, Llangollen Brewery, and Greenbank Extreme skincare from Shropshire. Plus there will be excellent shopping for famous brands in the Rows, the Grosvenor Shopping Centre, and surrounding streets, as well as big savings on offer at Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet.
Christmas Market, daily, 16 Nov-20 Dec.
4. See Chester Zoo turn on the magic
An exciting new version of The Lanterns at Chester Zoo (above left) by local performing arts troupe Wild Rumpus promises to be a magical family-friendly experience this Christmas. As twilight descends, the zoo will transform into Santa's sorting office, an extraordinary world lit by lanterns, with animal-inspired fairy-tale scenes and sacks bulging with gifts. Plus, there's a chance to send Christmas wishes to Santa.
Daily, 24 Nov-30 Dec, free with admission. Contact 01244 380280 or chesterzoo.org.
5. Hear angelic voices in the Cathedral
Chester Cathedral has a packed festive calendar. Highlights include 'Christmas Crackers', a celebration of words and music hosted by Rev Richard Coles, a Christmas Tree Festival with more than 50 garlanded trees on display in the cloisters, and carol concerts such as Joyeux Noel!, starring the cathedral choir.
'Christmas Crackers', 20-21 Dec; Christmas Tree Festival, 25 Nov-6 Jan; 'Joyeux Noel!', 9 Dec; various prices. Contact 01244 324756 or chestercathedral.com.
6. Take a canal cruise with Father Christmas
Santa will set sail on Cheshire's canals this Christmas. He'll be telling stories, singing seasonal songs, listening to Christmas wishes and, of course, giving out treats to a captive audience of eager children at the National Waterways Museum in Ellesmere Port and the Anderton Boat Lift near Northwich.
National Waterways Museum, various dates in Dec, adult/child £10. Anderton Boat Lift, various dates in Dec, adult £5.95, child £7.95. Contact 0303 040 4040 or canalrivertrust.org.uk.
7. Cheer on the dashing Santas
Father Christmases large and small will limber up at the start line of the Santa Dash in Delamere Forest (above right). Wearing beards and Santa suits, the runners will pound the paths beneath the canopy on a 5km circuit of the forest.
10.30am, 17 Dec, adult £15, child £12, spectators free. Contact 0300 067 4340 or forestry.gov.uk/delamere.
8. Celebrate like a Tudor at Little Moreton Hall
Tudor-style Yuletide Celebrations will be revealed at Little Moreton Hall, near Congleton. Dazzling creations made of marchpane, forerunner of marzipan, will be among the festive treats from bygone days on display, and there will be workshops on making crafts of the period. Choirs and jesters will provide live entertainment.
Various dates, Nov-Dec, free with entrance. Contact 01260 272018 or nationaltrust.org.uk/little-moreton-hall.
9. Countdown the 12 days of Christmas at Tatton Park
The grand neo-classical mansion at Tatton Park, near Knutsford, will be all dressed up for The Twelve Days of Christmas. The seasonal song will come to life in the servants' quarters and state rooms, from the chaotic scenes in the kitchen where the geese have run wild trying to lay eggs, to the Christmas Wish Tree where visitors can dream about what they'll receive from their own true love.
Various dates, 21 Nov-3 Dec, adult £10, child £6. Contact 01625 374400 or tattonpark.org.uk
10. Get crafty at Ness Botanic Gardens
Award-winning garden designer and florist Pip Probert will show visitors how to make Christmas wreaths and garlands from foliage, cones and berries found in the grounds of beautiful Ness Botanic Gardens. Plus, Santa will be hard at work in his workshop at the bottom of the garden throughout the season.
Christmas Wreath-Making, 16 Dec, adult £15, book ahead. Meet Father Christmas, various dates in Dec, child £5 plus admission to gardens. Contact 0151 795 6300 or nessgardens.org.uk.
** You can follow Marketing Cheshire on Twitter @VisitChester or @VisitCheshire, on Facebook at facebook.com/visitchesterandcheshire, on Instagram at Instagram.com/visitchestercheshire and on YouTube at Youtube.com/user/MktgCheshire/videos Follow the blog at visitcheshire.com/information/blog
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
By Jason Keidel
When the season narrowed to a playoff pitch, a few topics seemed to dominate the NBA airwaves. We had the whole rest issue, which became rather restless chatter. Do players really need to take so many games off, and for nationally televised games? Who wins the MVP tug-o-war between the electric James Harden and triple-double machine Russell Westbrook?
And the topic du jour as we finally enter the NBA playoffs is the pseudo-tanking, it's not capsizing, of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Some have even breached the blasphemous, by asserting that the Cavs could actually fall short of the NBA Finals.
Adding to the mushrooming sense of doubt, the Cavs squeaked by the Indiana Pacers, 109-108, in the first game of their playoff series.
Theories abound. The players don't really like each other, a fake band of brothers. Kyrie Irving isn't playing with the same passion or production as he did during his scalding ascent to the NBA championship last year. Kevin Love never really fit, the ultimate outsider in the huddle. Tyronn Lue is more friend than formidable presence as coach, and last year's magic was more the result of a big bro hug than hardwood stratagem.
And, of course, we have LeBron, who is playing to the point of passing out, exhausted and enervated and emaciated by the biblical minutes he's played. Six straight years going to the NBA Finals. The millions of miles on airplanes, plowing through airports, the hotels. The preseason games. The Olympics. LeBron's entire calendar has been booked for the last dozen years. His season starting at the Summer Olympics and ending the following summer in the Finals. Eventually, LeBron just won't be able to carry the load on his epic shoulders. Eventually.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
But do you really want to bet against LeBron James, who has his mail forwarded to the NBA Finals? He's reached the last round in six straight seasons?
Not to be a Pollyanna, but there is some cause for concern. On January 1, Cleveland's record was a robust 25-7, for a .781 winning percentage. Since New Year's Day, the Cavs are 26-24, winning just 52 percent of their games. Or if you prefer to slice the season exactly in half, consider that on Jan 20 Cleveland was still a well-oiled 30-11, for a .732 winning percentage. Since then they went 21-20, for a .512 mark. Whatever was working in Cleveland since January of last year, stopped working by the end of January of this year.
It's a series of clashing stats. Do you believe their .500 record since January, or LeBron's incessant trips to the NBA Finals? Do you believe this year, when Cleveland has ranked a woeful 22nd in defense, or the fact that LeBron has won 18 straight first-round playoff games? From the All-Star Game until the end of March, the Cavaliers were 29th in defensive rating, allowing 112.6 points per 100 possessions. And in March alone they got even worse, allowing 113.7 points.
Then we have LeBron's rather incongruous history. King James has entered the postseason as the No. 2 seed five times in his career and reached the NBA Finals every time. So clearly he need not be the chalk to walk into June. And should LBJ make one more trip to the championship round, he would be the first to get there seven times in a row since… Bill Russell.
And if we're worried about the roster, consider that they're atypically healthy right now. And that King James has willed far worse teams into the championship round. Consider his maiden trip to the last round, the Shannon Brown (who?) juggernaut of 2007. LeBron was flanked by Daniel Gibson, Drew Gooden and Donyell Marshall. And he still won three playoff series, before getting spanked by the Spurs, back when Tim Duncan and was still in his prime, as were his merry band of ballers, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili.
It's always perilous to take a pre-playoff snooze, in any sport. In the NFL, there are countless accounts of teams that dash out to great seasons then take the last few weeks off. Peyton Manning and his Colts did that a few times, once even starting 13-0 then not even reaching the Super Bowl.
But in the NBA, one player has a far stronger grip on the team and its overall performance. Russell Westbrook is a walking highlight reel, and his Oscar Robertson redux has made for splendid viewing and a fine, singular aesthetic. But he doesn't have LeBron's chops or the King's uncanny unselfishness, which makes everyone on his team better.
If King James is to lose a few jewels or his entire crown, it won't be until June, when he likely faces the team he vanquished last year. The Warriors are coming out to play. And the rest of the world can just watch.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports. He is a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. He made his bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow him on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
LONDON Harry Kane became the first Tottenham Hotspur player since the great Jimmy Greaves to hit 20 goals in three successive top-flight seasons after netting in the 4-0 Premier League defeat of Bournemouth on Saturday.
Homegrown Kane slotted his 20th of the season just after halftime -- his sixth goal in his last four league games -- in his first start since a month-long layoff with an ankle injury.
He also had a hand in Son Heung-min's effort which put Tottenham 2-0 up inside 20 minutes.
Greaves, Tottenham's record goalscorer with 266 in all competitions, managed at least 20 between 1966 and 1969.
Kane, who won the Golden Boot award last season with 25 goals as Tottenham challenged for the title, is only the fourth player since the start of the Premier League to score 20 goals in three successive seasons -- joining Thierry Henry, Alan Shearer and Ruud van Nistelrooy.
The 23-year-old still has a long way to go to match the exploits of Greaves, but his goals are helping Tottenham stay in touch with leaders Chelsea as they try to win the English title since 1961 when Greaves was in his pomp.
Victory narrowed the gap to four points ahead of Chelsea's tricky-looking trip to Manchester United on Sunday.
Kane played down his feat, insisting the only focus was on Tottenham maintaining the form that has seen them win seven consecutive top-flight games for the first time in 50 years.
"It was great to be back out there," said Kane, who returned as a substitute against Watford last week after a month out because of an ankle injury.
"It's good to be consistent as a striker. I want to do that year in year out. We've still got plenty to do this season so I don't want to think about it.
"Hopefully, Manchester United can get a result tomorrow and do us a favour."
With 71 points, Tottenham are just one off their best-ever Premier League points total set in 2012-13 and they have six games left to top that mark.
They have won 12 home league games in a row, their best sequence within a single season since 1919-20 and two short of their all-time winning run at White Hart Lane which reached 14 in October 1987.
They have two home games remaining -- against Arsenal and Manchester United -- and look almost certain to finish in the top-four even if they cannot overhaul Chelsea.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Ian Chadband)
A Quiet Win: (Mis)understanding student government
When ASUO elections began last week, the only campaign running had still not released its specific goals. When elections ended, 24 hours earlier than previous years, less than 4 percent of the student body had voted on the executive ballot.
In last year's election, in which three slates vied for votes, 24 percent of students participated, more than five times the 860 votes cast this year.
In the wake of the 2017 election, the Emerald conducted an unscientific poll to learn how students felt about the elections and student government in general. Emerald reporters interviewed scores of students and handed out surveys to various classes. The Emerald collected 289 surveys.
The poll found that 83 percent of students surveyed do not feel informed about what ASUO does. Despite this, 64 percent of students recognized that ASUO's work mattered to them.
Other responses pointed to further disconnects between the student body and its government.
“I really only know much about club funding and how [ASUO] puts on the street faire. I don't really know other things,” said UO sophomore Miranda Daley, who took the Emerald poll.
When asked what they would like to see ASUO focus its $16 million budget on, the most popular answers centered on tuition and affordability.
Of those surveyed, 48 percent didn't know that elections were happening last week.
The UO For You slate elected last week includes President Amy Schenk, Internal Vice President Tess Mor and External Vice President Vickie Gimm.
Initially Schenk, Gimm and Mor were not planning to work together in a slate. There were also at least two other campaigns that formed, one with ASUO Senator Hao Tan running for president and the other with Lexi Bergeron running for president, but both campaigns dissolved before campaigning began. Schenk, Gimm and Mor eventually teamed up to form their UO for You slate.
“This year we've all come together to work on a single campaign, which means from my end, not all the people on the campaign are people I personally would have picked,” Gimm said in a Facebook interview with the Emerald last month. Gimm stated that she preferred running unopposed.
With only one slate running, this campaign season at UO was quieter than in previous years, when up to three slates were vying for the top posts in student government. For example, UO For You never held a kick-off event, a tradition used by previous groups to rally supporters and explain the goals of the campaign.
ASUO elections rules state that the elections board, in charge of regulating the elections process, must “register” kick-off events. The slate requested for the event to be held on Sunday, April 9. However, Hunter Mackin, the elections board coordinator, did not submit an official room request to scheduling services until noon Friday, April 7.
UO Scheduling and Event services declined his request: UO For You and the elections board had not included chairs and sound equipment in the initial request. UO scheduling requires a week's notice to check out equipment when booking rooms.
UO student Daniell McCann, a student who the Emerald polled, remembers when she went to a 2016 ASUO election kick-off event to support her roommate, who was running. McCann said that she learned about what the student government does and what it advocates for.
“Last year, when they had all the campaigns, you got to hear about each one,” she said. ”You can have a say in the change it makes.”
UO For You also released its campaign goals much later than slates have in the past. The slate did not release a detailed plan until halfway through the elections: the slate ran solely on the three words “inclusivity,” “accessibility” and “affordability” until revealing specific policy goals on Tuesday of election week, two days before voting closed.
President-elect Schenk said that the delayed release of the goals was not to hide them from voters, but that it took time for the campaign to develop a list that everyone could agree on.
“We just [wanted] to make sure that [the list of goals were] fully in line with the rest of the slate's vision,” she said in an interview with the Emerald, before UO For You announced the updated platform.
The delay in publicizing initiatives was compounded by a change in election rules this year. The voting period in previous years had lasted until 4 p.m. on Friday of election week. This year, it ended on Thursday, giving students 24 hours fewer to familiarize themselves with UO For You's goals before voting.
Mackin, the elections board coordinator, was unsure why the change had been made.
“Ultimately, it was just determined to make it easier on the campaigns, I guess,” he said. “Just because a solid day of ground campaigning stretches resources.”
UO For You executive will take office on May 25.
Comments
A 54-year-old camera enthusiast sustained fatal crush injuries when he was struck by the cab of a moving digger at the edge of a building site, his inquest has heard.
Harvey Wolfe, from Skerries Co Dublin, had spent weeks photographing the redevelopment of a former hotel on Harbour Road in Skerries.
Mrs Patricia Wolfe paid tribute to her son whom she said had worked on building sites previously.
“He was very good to me, he looked after me very well,” she told Dublin Coroner's Court on Wednesday.
On February 21st, 2014 the driver of a 16-tonne digger was moving a delivery load of stones from the road outside into the site.
Site access was ‘tight' and a gate had to be removed to allow construction traffic to enter, the court heard.
Foreman Ivor Rees said the digger driver had moved three quarters of the load when the accident happened around 11.30am.
“I noticed a man come around and stand by the digger, I shouted but it was too late. The back of the digger caught Harvey and he fell back onto the stones,” Mr Rees said.
Health and Safety Authority (HSA) Inspector Frank Kerins said the cab of the machine was moving as the arm was slewing right to left, moving the stones. “There was a gap of 3.5 feet between the machine and the gatepost and when the machine moved that gap reduced significantly to eight inches,” he said.
Mr Rees knew Mr Wolfe and had previously granted him supervised access to the site along with a high-visibility vest and hard-hat in line with visitor safety regulations.
“He used to come down to take photos. He was interested in what we were doing,” Mr Rees said.
Mr Wolfe was rushed immediately to Beaumont Hospital where he was pronounced dead at 1.35pm.
The cause of death was multiple injuries sustained in a collision with an excavator.
All seven workers on site were described as ‘shook up' after the accident and received counselling.
The contractor, Felix O'Hare and Co, based in Newry, Co Down, was prosecuted at Dublin Circuit Court and pleaded guilty to Section 12 of the Health Safety and Welfare at Work Act 2005. A fine of €25,000 was imposed and paid.
Safety failures outlined by the HSA included the lack of an effective barrier preventing public access to the site and the lack of a supervisor or ‘banks man' overseeing safety on the public walkway.
The jury returned a verdict of misadventure and recommended the mandatory presence of a banks man in similar situations and the refusal of access to all non-essential personnel to construction sites at all times.
CAIRO Pope Francis warned against religious fanaticism on Saturday, wrapping up a brief trip to Cairo where he urged Muslim leaders to unite against violence by Islamic militants threatening to rid the Middle East of its ancient Christian communities.
Francis' trip comes three weeks after Islamic State killed at least 45 people in attacks on two Egyptian churches. He has used the visit to launch a strong appeal for religious freedom and to accuse extremists of distorting the nature of God.
After a dense first day of meetings with political and religious leaders, the highlight on Saturday was a Mass in the Air Defence Stadium, where Vatican officials said 15,000 people gathered, among them Coptic bishops and senior Anglican figures.
Crowds arrived early, waving Egyptian and Vatican flags and braving intense security measures to welcome Francis, who toured the sun-drenched stadium in a golf buggy to the sound of hymns performed by a choir and orchestra.
He blessed Egypt as one of the earliest nations to embrace Christianity and repeated his plea for tolerance.
"True faith leads us to protect the rights of others with the same zeal and enthusiasm with which we defend our own," he told the crowd in the heavily guarded arena.
"The only fanaticism believers can have is that of charity. Any other fanaticism does not come from God and is not pleasing to him," he said in his homily.
In a series of speeches during his two-day stay, the pope has delivered his bluntest denunciations yet against religious violence, and has appeared to endorse Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's campaign against Islamist militants.
However, he nuanced his message by lamenting the rise of "demagogic forms of populism" -- a possible reference to right-wing nationalist parties in Europe pushing anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim agendas.
He also defended human rights -- which non-governmental organisations have accused Sisi's administration of abusing.
"History does not forgive those who preach justice, but then practice injustice," he said in a speech on Friday, sharing the stage with Sisi, who warmly applauded his words.
STRICT SECURITY
The unusual choice of venue for Saturday's religious service highlights the security concerns surrounding the trip.
Helicopter gunships circled the perimeter of the stadium and armoured military vehicles patrolled the streets of the Egyptian capital on Saturday. Police in white uniforms were positioned every few metres (yards) on a Nile bridge that the pope crossed.
The 80-year-old pope himself declined the use of an armoured limousine, preferring instead to travel in an ordinary Fiat car with its window wound down so he could be closer to onlookers.
"The visit really supports national unity and shows that there is no fear but a fear of God," said Ehab Moheiy, 54, who attended the Mass. "Despite the bombings, the pope came and a celebration like this took place."
Francis had lunch with Egyptian bishops and later led prayers at a Catholic seminary in the south of Cairo, the final step of his 27-hour stay.
The visit was the first by Francis to Cairo but the second by a Catholic pope. Pope John Paul II came to Egypt in 2000, a year before the September 11 attacks on the United States that convulsed Western relations with the Muslim world.
"His two days in Egypt have turned Egypt into a paradise," Father Panteleimon, a priest from the north of the country, said enthusiastically after the open-air Mass. "Today is a celebration, today is a festival. Egypt is happy."
Egypt's Christians comprise 10 percent of the 92 million population, the largest Christian community in the Middle East. Most Egyptian Christians are Coptic Orthodox, while barely 200,000 are members of Churches within the Roman Catholic fold.
While Egypt has escaped the sort of sectarian violence that has decimated ancient Christian communities in Syria and Iraq, it is under threat from Islamic State militants who launched a campaign in December to wipe out Egypt's Christians, carrying out three church attacks that have killed more than 70 people.
The campaign presents a challenge for Sisi, who has vowed to crush Islamist extremist and is fighting a long-running insurgency in North Sinai, where Islamic State murders have forced hundreds of Copts to flee.
Sisi, who declared a three-month state of emergency after the Palm Sunday church attacks, appealed for more international cooperation to combat terrorism when he met Francis on Friday.
(Additional reporting by Arwa Gaballa and Amina Ismail; Writing by Crispian Balmer and Lin Noueihed; Editing by Giles Elgood)
But memorable characters redeem Happy End
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
Happy End
Broadway Theatre
Opens Feb. 9
Unlike much younger filmmakers, 75-year-old Michael Haneke knows how to incorporate technology into his movies seamlessly. Since the early days of consumer cameras, Haneke has been fascinated by the growing accessibility of video recording, and knows exactly how to integrate the medium into his films: by leaning on his less than glowing perception of humankind.
In Happy End, smart phones play a huge role. We are introduced to the Laurent family via the only teenager of the bunch, Eva (Fantine Harduin) who records her mother “accidentally” ODing.
The rest of the clan is not much nicer. Anne (Isabelle Huppert) has an iron grip on the family's construction business, but not on her wayward son. Her brother (Mathieu Kassovitz, Amelie) has all but abandoned Eve with her troubled mother and is not thrilled with the idea of becoming her guardian again. Lastly, the Laurent patriarch (Jean-Louis Trintignant, Amour) is determined to die, but no one is willing to help him.
Haneke's scorn for the bourgeoisie (self-centered, clueless) is present, same with his trademark black humour, but there is something missing. Most of his previous films are laser focused in their critique (violence as entertainment in Funny Games, patriarchal tyranny as responsible for Nazism in The White Ribbon). In theory, Happy End denunciates progressives' charitable spirit towards immigrants, but you wouldn't know it from just watching the movie.
Strong turns by Trintignant, Huppert and Harduin as the possibly sociopathic Eve rescue the film from oblivion, but still it's a chore to get through. That said, “bad” Haneke is still better than most films out there.
Cricket-Kohli unfazed by limited game time for India's middle order
June 14 India captain Virat Kohli shrugged off concerns about his team's lower-middle order ahead of their Champions Trophy semi-final with Bangladesh on Thursday and called for complete focus against their "dangerous" opponents.
One in six people in Ireland are living below the poverty line, while more than 100,000 people with jobs live in poverty, a new report has revealed.
The number of “working poor” – defined as people with jobs who are still in poverty0 – has continued to rise since 2009 despite economic recovery and growth, Social Justice Ireland said in its Poverty Focus 2018 report.
A total of 780,000 people live in poverty today and of these, more than a quarter are children. This means 16.5 per cent of the Irish population lives below the 60 per cent median income poverty line, the report said.
A person is defined as living in poverty if their income and resources are so inadequate as to preclude them from having a standard of living that is regarded as acceptable by Irish society. Any adult earning €249.55 a week or less, or €13,022 or less annually, is counted as being at risk of poverty.
Female workers; young workers; those in retail, hotels and security sectors; single parents and those on temporary contracts, are most likely to be on low pay.
More than 14 per cent of people on home duties (including care for children or the elderly) live in poverty while 13.3 per cent of people in employment also face poverty.
Social Justice Ireland says the Government should begin to address the problem of working poor by making tax credits refundable.
Speaking at the launch of the report, analyst Eamon Murphy targeted employers for “availing of precarious employment contracts and low pay”.
“Who is going to take responsibility for ensuring a job is always a route out of poverty, not into it? That should surely be the most basic function of our Government.”
Bethlehem woman honored for work to promote peace
“I'm one of those people on the Four Corners in Delmar,” said Trudy Quaif, founding member of Bethlehem Neighbors for Peace (BNP) and recent recipient of Bethlehem's Women Against War (WAW) 2016 Woman of Peace award. “I've been out there for almost 15 years now, standing out on the corner every Monday night from five to six.”
Quaif accepted her award on the evening of Wednesday, Feb. 8, during WAW's annual gathering at Good Shepherd Lutheran Church in Loudonville. As well as a recap of the previous year's activities, the event features a keynote speaker — this year, Phyllis Bennis, author of Understanding ISIS & the New Global War on Terror: A Primer — and the presentation of the Woman of Peace award.
“It was a very easy choice with Trudy,” said Priscilla Fairbank, a member of the WAW Steering Committee, which is responsible for selecting the award recipient every year. “She was the perfect candidate.”
Fairbank said that Quaif's consistent presence at the weekly peace vigils (she always brings extra signs) is one of the reasons that she was selected for the honor and cited her work with BNP, where she keeps the website updated, sends out emails, organizes monthly educational events and makes sure the peace community remains involved and informed. She also created and hosts the series of Peace Now video interviews with peace and justice activists, viewable on public access television.
Quaif began holding the weekly vigils at Four Corners in January of 2003. “It was when the US attacked Iraq and then Afghanistan,” she said. “I didn't think it was the right thing to do, right from the very beginning.” Bethlehem Neighbors for Peace, which now boasts a membership of more than 700 members, was initially formed by Quaif and a group of likeminded community members.
“We wanted to make the rest of the community aware that this war was going on and it was not a good idea,” said Quaif. “It was going to cost our country a lot of money. As it turns out, it's cost our country $4 trillion, which could have been spent on a lot of other things: education, infrastructure, jobs. It's one of the reasons we are where we are right now, because our country has been at war for 14-plus years.
According to a 2013 report from Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government, the wars fought in Iraq and Afghanistan, taken together, represent the most expensive wars in U.S. history — with a potential price tag between $4 and $6 trillion. That total includes long-term medical care and disability compensation for service members, veterans and families, military replenishment and social and economic costs. Most of the debt that has been incurred during the course of the conflicts has yet to be paid. According to National Priorities Project, American taxpayers are paying $117,035 every hour for the war in Iraq and $4 million every hour for the war in Afghanistan.
“One of the most significant challenges to future U.S. national security policy will not originate from any external threat,” states the Harvard report. “Rather it is simply coping with the legacy of the conflicts we have already fought in Iraq and Afghanistan.”
Quaif worries that the new federal administration will make deep and detrimental cuts to national programs to pay off debts, while appropriating more money for international military conflicts. “His Secretary of War is asking for more military to go back into Afghanistan again,” she said.
She also dislikes his actions regarding undocumented immigrants and refugees, many of which, she said, have been created by American-waged wars.
Even so, the message she conveyed as she accepted her award was one of hope.
“She had this series of great quotes about hope,” said Fairbank. “That was her message and that's her perspective. A friend said that's how she keeps everything going: it's not a question of ‘shall we keep going,' but ‘what's next?'”
“I gave a little talk about hope in the Trump years,” said Quaif. “I talked about how we have to keep going even if things don't look very good for our country right now and it looks like we're heading towards fascism or authoritarian rule. We have to keep working on our agenda of waging peace. And hope for the best.”
While BNP tends to campaign primarily on issues associated with effects of war, the organization occasionally branches out and lends support to movements such as Black Lives Matter and opposition to pipelines and hydro-fracking of fossil fuels. A couple weeks ago, BNP staged a protest at Four Corners in support of Muslims and immigrants that Quaif said are “under attack.” The event was attended by approximately 75 people.
More than 100 people showed up to the annual gathering of WAW, according to Fairbank. “We had a large turn out, I think,” she said, “because people are feeling the need to come together and support each other, and activist groups are feeling that this is a time we really have to put lots of effort out.”
“It's always good to get new and young people involved,” said Quaif, crediting the new administration for mobilizing more youth in recent weeks. Anyone who wants to be on the BNP mailing list, she said, can sign up at their website at www.bethlehemforpeace.org. She can also be found to chat on any given Monday evening during her weekly vigil or at one of the organization's monthly meetings at Bethlehem Public Library.
Asked how BNP is going to respond to the new White House, Quaif said, “We're going to keep doing what we've always done. We're out there protesting war.”
“She's always there, rain or shine,” said Fairbank. “She's an inspiration.”
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Comment on this Story
Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Nathan Eovaldi works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Oakland, Calif. Ben Margot AP Photo
The DSPCA is reminding people of the dangers the hot weather can cause to animals and says owners should never leave pets in cars or without access to water.
@agriculture_ie reminds all animal owners to ensure their animals have adequate water supplies during the hot spell. Dedicated helpline to report incidents of Animal Cruelty @ Call Save: 0761 064408 or 01 6072379, or email [email protected] pic.twitter.com/7h8PfitizZ — Dept Agriculture IRL (@agriculture_ie) June 26, 2018
The charity says it is horrified to find people are still leaving pets unattended during this weather.
The DSPCA received over thirty calls about horses tied up with no access to shade or water, on one day alone last week and has received numerous reports about dogs being left in parked cars for long periods of time.
Share it:
Don't Miss
cogkit1
End
-- Training Canines, LLC Founder and Canine Scientist, Kim Paciotti, announced today that The Empowered Puppy Program will unveil its new Cognition and Fitness DVD/Kit for Puppies on. The DVD will teach pet parents and trainer's brain stimulating cognitive games and activities. From puppies 8 weeks to 18 weeks viewers are guided through each step of teaching your puppy fun concepts like matching, object recognition, and imitation.Paciotti is a Certified Professional Dog Trainer who specializes in puppy cognition. "The puppy is like a sponge, as they will never learn any more in their life than from 0-16 weeks of age," Paciotti states. "We have puppies learning how to match items as early as 8 weeks old, and learning to read flashcards as early as 13 weeks old!" Paciotti and her team researched how autistic children learn with the renowned PECS system, and began applying techniques to litters of puppies.The Puppy Cognition & Fitness DVD/Kit sells for $75 and contains visual instructions with actual footage of Paciotti and The Empowered Puppy Team teaching puppies various cognition skills along with Puppy Yoga and Aqua-Conditioning Excercises. The kit contains a bell, touch light, and wcj a tumbler used to teach a puppy "Like Me" where the puppy imitates the action demonstrated to them. Flashcards containing numbers, objects, and words, along with a bone, bucket, and dish to teach item recognition and how to "read" the commands stated on the cards."Puppies are an endless source of energy" Paciotti says "people feel they must engage the puppy in physical activity to tire them out. All they have to do is to work the puppies mind, and they will be amazed at how tired that puppy will be!" The possibilities are endless what can be taught to a young puppy, as this is concept training at its finest. The Empowered Puppy Team is challenging puppy owners to give their puppies an opportunity to learn how to ????Established in 2009, Training Canines, LLC is focused on developing training techniques for the health and wellness of puppies. They are committed to "Changing The World One Puppy At A Time", along with making an impact on lowering the amount of dogs surrendered to shelters and rescues. Through the power of education and scientific research Training Canines, LLC is sharing their system with as many as they can so people all across the world will learn that early puppy development is the most proactive solution to stopping unwanted behaviors from a dog. The Empowered Puppy Program is a registered trademark, and all DVD material is protected by copyright 2017.
An Auckland woman's experience with a taxi driver in Tauranga has highlighted the city's transport issues when large events are held.
Jess Thompson says a taxi driver called her a b**** during a ride last Saturday, which has horrified local taxi companies who say customers need to know their rights and have a right to complain.
Over Auckland Anniversary Weekend it was noted by local taxi companies that taxis from outside of Tauranga were working in the city which was an example of the "free for all" taxi industry.
Thompson went to the One Love festival with two friends on Saturday when it took her an hour to hail a taxi.
Advertisement
Thompson said the driver agreed to take her less than 3 kilometres down Cameron Rd for $20. When Thompson's two friends got in, and the taxi started moving, the driver said the fare would be $45.
"He tried to use the excuse that there were three of us so the fare would be more which is pretty poor," Thompson said.
She reminded him the agreed fare was $20.
"We got into an argument and he pulled over ... he called me a b**** and told us to get out."
Thompson did not know which taxi company the driver was from.
New Zealand Taxi Federation executive director John Hart was "horrified" to hear of the incident and said there was "no excuse".
"A meter is the basis of a taxi fare and the customer has the right to ask to turn the meter on."
A Welcome Bay woman also experienced trouble getting home from One Love.
The woman, who would not be named, phoned a taxi company at 11.10pm for a ride home. After 30 minutes of waiting, she called back to follow up on the taxi and was told she would have to wait another hour.
Soon after, a taxi pulled up and told her the price would be $60 which she refused. About five minutes later another pulled up and offered a ride of $50, which she accepted.
"I was told I had to pay up front, which I did, and the meter wasn't turned on the whole time," she said.
"I didn't question it because it wasn't worth waiting around for another taxi driver to come along and offer another price. It seemed pretty dodgy but I didn't want to risk not getting a ride at all."
Tauranga Mount Taxis operations manager Jacqui Coffey said her drivers all had "strict" instructions to always use a meter. If they didn't, Coffey said the drivers were fined.
Coffey said it was a policy of the company to initiate a prepaid system during busy periods to prevent people doing runners.
She encouraged passengers to complain if they felt they had been ripped off.
Taxi Cabs Tauranga spokesman Bruce Rainey said since the changes for small passenger services came into effect last year the taxi industry had become a "free for all".
"There were a lot of taxis here on the weekend who were from Hamilton and Auckland, we saw the same problems happening over the New Year as well ... we used to have a tightly regulated market and now we don't."
Taxi Cabs Tauranga did not receive any complaints over the long weekend.
Know your rights when taking a taxi
-You never have to take the first taxi on the rank.
-A driver cannot refuse you because you only wish to travel a short distance.
-A driver cannot refuse you because you have a disability or a guide dog.
-Always take note of the driver's ID number
The new Dean of Belfast has spoken of his excitement at taking on the role, but also acknowledged it is “a massive challenge and a daunting task”.
Archdeacon Stephen Forde will be installed as the 14th Dean of Belfast at a service in St Anne's Cathedral at 3.30pm tomorrow.
The service will be attended by the Bishops of Connor and Down and Dromore, representatives of community life in the city, visiting bishops and leaders of the other main denominations in Northern Ireland.
Dean-elect Forde said he approached his new role knowing he would need the prayers and support of many others, including “staff at the cathedral, the cathedral community who call this place their spiritual home, and also support from the wider community in Belfast, as well as from the clergy and people of the two dioceses that this cathedral serves”.
He added: “Yet I know that the God who calls is also the God who equips. All I can ask is that people will pray for me, and work with me, to achieve God's ambitions for this great cathedral and to embrace all the opportunities of God's future.”
Archdeacon Forde said the redevelopment of the Cathedral Quarter, and the arrival of 10,000 students at the University of Ulster, represented “a time of new beginnings and new horizons”.
He added: “I hope the cathedral will be a place where people who are rushed and hassled by life's demands will find rest and refreshment, a place of peace in a world of many pressures.
“I also hope the cathedral will be a place of ecumenical encounter, a place where bridges are built and barriers dismantled.
“Above all, I pray this will be a place where people discover how much they matter, because they will discover how much they matter to God.”
The formal institution and installation of the new dean is followed by commissioning in which he is presented with symbols of the teaching, pastoral and sacramental ministry of an incumbent.
These will include a Bible (to preach the Good News of Jesus Christ), a container of water (recognising that the cathedral is a place of Christian baptism), a Book of Common Prayer (demonstrating the primary role of the dean to lead public worship and encourage a life of personal devotion), bread and wine (the elements of holy communion), oil (symbolic of healing and reconciliation), the key to the cathedral (as a reminder that the cathedral is a place to be kept open for all people) and a towel (as a reminder of Christ washing his disciples' feet and of the ministry of service and support of those in need and in trouble).
Learning how to cook when you're young could be good for your health and nutrition in the long term, a University of Auckland researcher says.
A decade-long, US-based study, just published in the Journal of Nutrition Education and Behaviour, analysed the link between early life cooking skills and nutrition later on.
"The impact of developing cooking skills early in life may not be apparent until later in adulthood when individuals have more opportunity and responsibility for meal preparation," said author Associate Professor Jennifer Utter, now based at the University of Auckland's Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences.
"The strength of this study is the large, population-based sample size followed over a period of 10 years to explore the impact of perceived cooking skills on later nutritional well-being."
Advertisement
The Project Eating and Activity in Teens and Young Adults longitudinal study was done in Minneapolis-Saint Paul area schools.
Participants reported on adequacy of cooking skills from 2002 to 2003 when they were 18 to 23 years old.
Data was then collected between 2015 and 2016 on nutrition-related outcomes when participants were 30 to 35 years old.
Questions assessed the perceived adequacy of cooking skills, how often they prepared a meal that included vegetables, how often they ate meals as a family, and how often they ate at a fast food restaurant.
Most participants perceived their cooking skills to be adequate at age 18 to 23, when about a quarter of adults reported their cooking skills were very adequate.
There were no differences in perceived cooking skills by sex, race or ethnicity, educational attainment, or age.
Perceived adequacy of cooking skills predicted multiple indicators of nutrition outcomes later in adulthood including greater odds of preparing a meal with vegetables most days and less frequent consumption of fast food.
If those who perceived their cooking skills as adequate had families, they ate more frequent family meals, less frequent fast food meals, and had fewer barriers to food preparation.
"Opportunities to develop cooking skills by adolescents may result in long-term benefits for nutritional well-being," Utter said.
"Families, health and nutrition professionals, educators, community agencies, and funders can continue to invest in home economics and cooking education knowing that the benefits may not be fully realised until young adults develop more autonomy and live independently."
The finding follows recent Massey University research that revealed just 13 per cent of surveyed teachers identified planning and preparing a complete meal as a key learning objective for their students.
Nearly 120 schools throughout New Zealand took part in the research, which examined how school children in Years 7 and 8 were taught cooking skills under the school curriculum.
Many of the foods and techniques taught in class were based around cakes, muffins and desserts. Less than half of the foods prepared were main meal items, and only 10 per cent of teachers listed fruit and vegetable content of a recipe as a factor that influenced their recipe choice.
A Harrogate artist has opened a special exhibition to raise awareness of autism.
Kevin George, 51, who was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome and adult ADHD at the age of 40, is presenting his work spanning over 30 years in a pop-up art gallery at 9 Cambridge Road.
One of Kevin's aims for the “Too much information” exhibition is to capture some of the difficulties and challenges autistic people face.
Kevin said: “Since being diagnosed and really learning and understanding autism, I have always wanted to help raise awareness.
"I am not only willing to put myself out there, but also relinquish ownership my own personal collection of work, in order to show just how committed I am.
"People and especially children with autism, have an abundance of knowledge and a unique take on the world which is not always easily or expressed or understood. Art by people with autism allows others to see this other perspective, and art for anyone helps the viewer appreciate the different abilities, strengths and weaknesses in us all, hopefully bringing us all closer.
"It's definitely put me into the firing line of personal contact and communication with strangers, but it's also been totally worth it all."
There is still time to see the exhibition, it runs until Friday, April 21.
LONDON, April 28 (IFR) - UBS's decision to reduce its fixed income trading business in favour of equities, underwriting and advisory work showed further signs of being a winning formula in the first quarter as its investment bank reported a 12% year-on-year rise in revenues to SFr2.1bn (US$2.12bn).
Equities have proved tricky for most major investment banks recently but UBS said revenues rose 2% to SFr934m. On the primary side fees from equity capital markets bounced back from a very weak quarter a year ago, surging 64% to SFr252m.
“We had a good performance in primary markets year on year,” said Kirt Gardner, chief financial officer. “We had a nice rebound off a low base last year. [In APAC] We saw improvement in equity derivatives business and our prime brokerage had a strong quarter.”
The bank also benefited from the recovery in debt capital markets appetite, with fees up 45% to SFr210m. Advisory also performed well, showing a 26% increase to SFr166m. Overall, corporate client solutions, encompassing advisory and underwriting, rose 51% to SFr718m.
UBS now plays the fixed income secondary markets with an asset-light model. That meant it missed out on the general strong improvement in trading conditions here. Revenues fell 6% to SFr452m, with the bank blaming, like others, lower volatility and client activity in FX and rates.
However, this was less of a problem than at other firms since it accounts for only a quarter of overall investment bank revenues now. In turn the reduced investment bank itself makes up 28% of group revenues.
But the unit is more profitable than many franchises and made a 21% return on attributed equity, up from 13.1% a year earlier as it focused on cost reduction.
Direct headcount reduction year-on-year in the investment bank was 7%. However, this was not reflected in the earnings statement, with personnel expenses up 12% in the division to SFr818m in the quarter, because of higher bonuses.
Speaking about the overall group, chief executive Sergio Ermotti said: “We are not managing on head count but on costs. You will see some headcounts come back into the organisation as it was outsourced previously.”
Looking ahead he remained cautious. “There is no real normalisation yet. The only thing we see as a constant is clients have better sentiment and willingness to invest. In the financial markets business we need to see something more concrete,” he said. (Reporting by Christopher Spink)
Cathy Little, President of the Golden Gate Association of Health Underwriters
Contact
Jonathan Greer
***@rockridgehealth.com Jonathan Greer
End
-- The Golden Gate Association of Health Underwriters (GGAHU), the Bay Area's trade association for health insurance agents, brokers and industry service providers, has elected its new Board of Directors for 2017-2018.Cathy Little, Principal Broker with Essential Exchange Insurance Services in Brentwood, CA, is the chapter's 2017-18 President. Little has over 15 years experience in the health insurance industry, and has operated her independent firm since 2011. Previously, Little worked for major national brokerage and insurance firms including UnitedHealth Group and USi."Local agents and brokers serve as a source of credible information about healthcare coverage that links the needs of citizens, business and policymakers to create a healthy, more fiscally responsible American healthcare system," Little said.President - Cathy LittlePresident-Elect & Retention Chair - Sue Wakamoto-LeePast President & Legislative Chair - Phil LeeSecretary wcj - John FisherTreasurer - Janine WilsonEducation & Programs Chair - Kenneth CokerMember-at-Large - Patrick BurnsNew Membership Chair - Pat HennessyCAHU-PAC & HUPAC Chair - Hazel BrightHospitality Chair - Maria LeimbachAwards Chair - Casey StratmeyerCommunications & Media Chair - Jonathan GreerGGAHU Foundation Chair - Linda Rose KoehlerGGAHU is the Bay Area chapter of the National Association of Health Underwriters (NAHU), which represents more than 100,000 professional health insurance agents and brokers who provide insurance for millions of Americans. For more information, please visit our web site at http://www.ggahu.org
U-Board is a multi-purpose cutting board providing the ultimate convenience for you.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Picnic
* Outdoor
* Kickstarter Industry:
* Lifestyle Location:
* Norcross - Georgia - US Subject:
* Companies
Contact
Harry Lee
Public Relations Director - Crossover Innovations
***@crossoverinnovations.com Harry LeePublic Relations Director - Crossover Innovations
End
-- Crossover Innovations is excited to announce the launch of the Kickstarter campaign for U-Board, a revolutionary cutting board that bridges the gap between function, versatility, and portability. The official launch date is June 14, 2017. The company, which prides itself on building innovative consumer goods, hopes to reach their capital funding target by August to begin manufacturing and shipping the product worldwide.If you have ever had to precut fruits for a picnic only to find them in a less-than-stellar, oxidized state, enter: U-Board - today's solution for yesterday's problem. U-Board is a compact cutting board equipped with a set of utensils, consisting of 4 forks and a ceramic knife, that is built into either side of the board. The grips on both ends of the board also become removable trays. This all-in-one design allows you to slice fruits or prepare sandwiches at the right time – whether it's at your picnic destination to help keep foods fresh through sweltering heat or at a party you're hosting.Link to Live Project on Kickstarter:Traditional bamboo and wooden cutting boards have porous surfaces that easily store chemicals, bacteria, and odors. U-Board, on the other hand, is made of premium quality plastic that is BPA-free and FDA approved. Its non-porous characteristic prevents the harboring of chemicals, bacteria, and odors, keeping you safe from food poisoning. In addition, it is easy to clean and dishwasher safe.We all know a cutting board is a critical kitchen tool, but U-Board is the must-have for every home and outdoor event.Alex Lee, president of Crossover Innovations, had this to say, "We are excited to launch our campaign on Kickstarter today. Our hope is that U-Board will not only ease, but enrich the lives of our customers."To learn more about this product, contact Harry Lee at (865) 591-9252 or email CS@crossoverinnovations.com
Martin O'Neill announced a provisional squad for the Republic of Ireland's upcoming 2018 FIFA World Cup Qualifying Round games against Georgia and Serbia.
At a press conference in SSE Airtricity's headquarters, O'Neill selected a 39-man panel for the games away to Georgia (September 2) and home to Serbia (September 5) as Ireland aim to push towards qualification for next summer's World Cup in Russia.
There is a first senior call-up for Preston North End striker Sean Maguire. The 23-year-old, who remains the top scorer in the SSE Airtricity League due to his 20-goal haul with Cork City before joining Preston, has been capped at underage level up to Under 21s.
Also included are the uncapped duo of Matt Doherty and Liam Kelly, while Greg Cunningham – who earned the last of his four senior caps in 2013 – is brought in following fine form at club level.
There are also recalls for Rob Elliot, Paul McShane, Ciaran Clark, James McCarthy, Stephen Quinn, David Meyler, Shane Long and Kevin Doyle, who all missed the games against Mexico, Uruguay and Austria.
The players will report into camp on Monday, August 28, where O'Neill will trim the panel ahead of training at the FAI National Training Centre. The squad will depart for Tbilisi on Thursday, August 31 and return to Dublin on September 3.
Tickets for the home game against Serbia at Aviva Stadium on Tuesday, September 5 are still available via Ticketmaster.ie
Republic of Ireland MNT Provisional Squad
Goalkeepers: Darren Randolph (Middlesbrough), Keiren Westwood (Sheffield Wednesday), Rob Elliot (Newcastle United), Colin Doyle (Bradford City)
Defenders: Cyrus Christie (Middlesbrough), Richard Keogh, Alex Pearce (Derby County), Paul McShane (Reading), Shane Duffy (Brighton & Hove Albion), Ciaran Clark (Newcastle United), John O'Shea (Sunderland), John Egan (Brentford), Greg Cunningham (Preston North End), Kevin Long, Stephen Ward (Burnley), Matt Doherty (Wolverhampton Wanderers)
Midfielders: Aiden McGeady (Sunderland), James McClean (West Bromwich Albion), Glenn Whelan, Conor Hourihane (Aston Villa), Jeff Hendrick, Robbie Brady (Burnley), James McCarthy (Everton), Stephen Quinn, Liam Kelly (Reading), David Meyler (Hull City), Harry Arter (Bournemouth), Eunan O'Kane (Leeds United), Wes Hoolahan (Norwich City), Jonathan Hayes (Celtic), Callum O'Dowda (Bristol City), Alan Browne, Daryl Horgan (Preston North End)
Forwards: Jonathan Walters (Burnley), Shane Long (Southampton), Daryl Murphy (Nottingham Forest), David McGoldrick (Ipswich Town), Kevin Doyle (Colorado Rapids), Sean Maguire (Preston North End)
As part of preparations for the country's 2019 general elections, the European Centre for Electoral Support (ECES), on Monday in Lagos, commenced training of electoral officers on gender mainstreaming.
The one-week training with the theme: “BRIDGE Training on Gender and Election in Nigeria,” is directed at desk officers of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).
The “BRIDGE” stands for Building Resources in Democracy, Governance and Elections.
Mr David Le Notre, the Project Director of ECES, said that the training was designed to encourage more Nigerian women to take active part in the electoral process.
“Records show that women demography makes up the largest chunk of voters' population, but the women in Nigeria constitute only 5.8 per cent of the political space.
“In 2015, only six women were appointed into the cabinet while there were seven female senators and six female deputy governors.
“Also in 2015, only one female contested for the presidency while four contested for vice presidency, one for governorship and five for deputy governorship.
“These are indicative of low participation of women in electoral processes and government,” he said.
Le Notre said the training workshop would familiarise INEC desk officers with the concept of gender and its importance in election.
“I hope this workshop avails participants the requisite knowledge for effective gender mainstreaming in the Nigerian political space,” he added.
Dr Adekunle Ogunmola, INEC's Chairman of Outreach and Partnership Committee, said that the workshop was one of the ways INEC adopted to build the capacity of its staff.
Ogunmola who is also a National Commissioner in INEC, said that the commission was committed to building an all-inclusive democracy.
“This course is aimed at equipping our desk officers with the capacity to carry out their duties of gender mainstreaming in the electoral process.
“It is one of the many ways the commission has adopted to build capacity of its staff.
“The commission is committed to building an inclusive democracy where equality and equity are guaranteed,” he said.
His address was delivered by Mr Mutiu Agboke, the Resident Electoral Commissioner, Oyo State.
eClinicalWorks launches telehealth solution on healow mobile app
eClinicalWorks, a provider of healthcare IT solutions, has made its telehealth solution available on its Health & Online Wellness (healow) mobile app.
This service will provide patients with live video visits.
The TeleVisits feature has been integrated within the eClinicalWorks electronic health records (EHR) Platform.
All information, submitted or shared by patients using this solution, can be imported into the HER, which in turn supports workflow, clinical research and boosts patient satisfaction as they will have access to care whenever and wherever it is required.
Further, telehealth is becoming mainstream, several providers are making investments in third-party services instead of offering it as a standard service integrated with the practice's existing technology.
This in turn leaves patients with the trouble of downloading additional apps, remembering login information and then experiencing the inconvenience of not having their telehealth summaries linked with their personal health records.
healow TeleVisits offers a seamless experience for patients and providers with EHR integration being in place.
eClinicalWorks CEO and co-founder Girish Navani said: “healow TeleVisits for the smartphone is taking telehealth to a whole new level by making healthcare more accessible.
“In today's digital health age, patients are interested in care solutions that offer quicker delivery and flexibility. Additionally, providers are seeing benefits with increased patient engagement and streamlined workflow.”
eClinicalWorksis a privately held firm. Its solutions are used by more than 125,000 physicians and nurse practitioners. Among the customers include ACOs, physician practices, hospitals, community health centers, departments of health, and convenient care clinics.
Headquartered in Westborough, Massachusetts, eClinicalWorks has offices in Austin, New York City, Chicago, California, Georgia, London, India, and Dubai.
Image: healow TeleVisits. Photo: courtesy of Business Wire.
Complete Messaging puts ActiveSync-focused solutions under SyncPlus Suite umbrella – releases v3 of solutions with a new integrated admin experience
Complete Messaging
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Activesync
• Classification
• Security Industry:
• Software Location:
• Brampton - Ontario - Canada Subject:
• Products
Contact
Complete Mesaging
***@completemessaging.com Complete Mesaging
End
-- Complete Messaging, a Microsoft partner and independent software vendor that provides software solutions for Microsoft Exchange Server, today announced SyncPlus Suite, which consolidates the Exchange administrator's experience across Complete Messaging's ActiveSync-focused solutions, providing a single integrated installation, configuration and management experience to reduce TCO.SyncPlus Suite includes SyncPlus Redact and SyncPlus Reveal.SyncPlus Redact protects company reputation and raises awareness of sensitive data policies by identifying and reducing incidents of sensitive data ex-filtration via ActiveSync, such as credit card numbers, government identification numbers, and messages with sensitive message classifications. ActiveSync exposes the risk of synchronization of data at rest, which is not caught by traditional data loss prevention mechanisms that focus on data in motion, for example, data loss prevention rules in Exchange Server transport.SyncPlus Reveal shows ActiveSync mobile users important properties of messages that the mobile client may not show, such as the sensitivity, the classification, and the importance of the mail message, as well as other custom properties. ActiveSync implementations on mobile devices are vendor-specific, and often implemented with minimal message fidelity in particular when it comes to displaying message properties such as sensitivity and classification."We're excited to deliver an integrated experience across our SyncPlus Suite solutions," said Brian Clink, president of Complete Messaging. "We are focused on the Exchange administrator's experience from start to finish."SyncPlus Suite delivers both solutions with an integrated installation and administration experience. SyncPlus Suite installer works with all supported versions of Microsoft Exchange Server to install both SyncPlus Redact and SyncPlus Reveal. SyncPlus Suite does not need to be re-installed in order to switch from a trial to a licensed version.SyncPlus Suite has a single administration interface, which includes settings for both SyncPlus Redact and SyncPlus Reveal, and a one-click deployment into IIS. SyncPlus Suite tracks configuration changes by providing a configuration audit trail, which allows administrators to easily back off of changes.SyncPlus Suite solutions are available on an annual subscription model. Free limited-time trials are available.
Mr. George Franklin Curry, age 80, passed away Thursday, February 1, 2018. He was born on February 5, 1937, in Ponce De Leon, Florida, to Titus Luther Curry and Florrie Ellen Winslow Curry.
Mr. Curry lived most of his life in Ponce De Leon, Florida. He was Methodist by faith and was a member of Ponce De Leon Methodist Church. He graduated from Baker County High School in Macclenny, Florida in 1955. He was a devoted husband, brother, uncle and friend and his family was especially important to him. He worked with the Corps of Engineers with the United States Army, the Civilian Department for 26 years before retiring. He enjoyed hunting, fishing, gardening, working in the yard, and politics. He also served as Council Member and Mayor for the town of Ponce De Leon from 2002-2011. He was a member of the Masonic Lodge F&AM #157, Ponce De Leon, Florida. George was a decendent of Whitmill Curry and early settler of Holmes County.
Mr. Curry is preceded in death by his father and mother; wife, Hattie “Bea” Nelson Curry of 44 years; sisters, Florrie Irene Manning, and Etta Mae Whitton; two brothers, James Luther Curry and John Wilmer Curry.
Mr. Curry is survived by his brother, Titus Lee (T.L.) Curry and wife Susan of Interlocken, Florida; and sisters, Wavine Norris of Panama City, Florida, Florrie Ellen Hall of Ponce De Leon, Florida, Susie Marie Steele and husband Terry of Crestview, Florida, and Virginia and Steve Rolph of Macclenny, Florida. He is also survived by numerous nieces and nephews.
The family would like to extend a thank you to Covenant Hospice Care for making his last days at home as comfortable as possible.
A time of visitation will be held at 1:00~2:00 PM, Sunday, February 4, 2018, at Ponce De Leon United Methodist Church; 1570 Main Street, Ponce De Leon, Florida 32455.
Funeral services will be held at 2:00 PM, Sunday, February 4, 2018, at Ponce De Leon United Methodist Church, with Reverend Judy Andrews officiating and with Masonic Rites.
Pallbearers will be close family members. Honorary pallbearers will be the Masonic Lodge.
Flowers are being accepted or donations may be sent to the Ponce De Leon Town Hall for Blue Creek Park Beautification at PO Box 214, Ponce De Leon, Florida 32455.
Burial will follow in the New Ponce De Leon Cemetery.
You may go online to view obituaries, offer condolences and sign guestbook at www.clary-glenn.com
Clary-Glenn Funeral Homes & Crematory is entrusted with the arrangements.
UCSB student and hoop dancer connects with Brandon School kids to help them with P.E. class
[Noozhawk's note: One in a series on Santa Barbara Partners in Education volunteers. This article is sponsored by Community West Bank, a partner in Education President's Council member.]
Katelyn Carano first connected with Santa Barbara Partners in Education, a nonprofit organization administered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office, after receiving an email from a partner in Education volunteer manager who was seeking someone to teach third-graders dance as part of their P.E. requirement.
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
Carano, a UC Santa Barbara student, is a trained hoop dancer and has performed with several groups at circus shows and festivals. Sharing her love of hoop dance through both performing and teaching is her passion.
“I knew with a little variation, hooping would be a great way for the kids to have fun and get some time exercising” she said.
With Carano's guidance over the past four months, third-grade P.E. students at Brandon School in the Goleta Union School District learned basic hoop tricks, dance choreography, rhythm, timing, coordination and self-discipline. They also discovered a way to have fun and be creative in an active environment.
What Carano enjoys most about volunteering with children is having the opportunity to teach students a new form of physical exercise.
“Dance is great because I get to take them out of the classroom setting and I can see on their faces how much they enjoy it,” she said.
“Younger students build up so much rambunctious energy while sitting in the classroom all day, and it's important to get them out for some structured playtime.”
Carano has also noticed that younger “hoopers” never say, “I can't do it.”
“I think that's why younger kids tend to pick up on hoop dance faster than older kids or adults!” she exclaimed. “They have such enthusiasm to try new things.”
After her instruction time at the campus was finished each week, she would give the children the chance to practice on their own. It's during that time, Carano notes, when the best moments happen.
“I had shown the group how to do a kick-start to get their hoop up off the ground,” she explained. “They took this move and started adding cartwheels and backbends! Their creativity never ceases to amaze me.
“The kids were able to teach me about as much as I could teach them. In addition to building my patience and helping me learn to explain hoop moves better, the kids' creativity was inspiring and helped take the dance to new places.”
Volunteers like Carano exemplify some of the creative ways volunteers can give back to their community. Partners in Education works to fill the needs of classrooms with the special skills of volunteers.
“Partners in Education is really great about connecting the university to the local schools in town,” Carano said.
Reflecting on the importance of her volunteer work, she added, “As a young person, my own dance teachers were very influential for me. As a volunteer, I try to relay the same values I've learned from my own classes. I want kids to know it's important to never stop learning and to never say no to a challenge.”
When asked why she made the time to do teach each week she replied simply, “At the end of every session, it's just great to see the kids walk away with smiles on their faces. It makes me smile, too.”
Carano, a San Diego native, recently completed her sophomore year at UCSB, where she is majoring in psychology. She works with a company called The Little Guest doing hoop dance parties for children. She also teaches hoop dance classes for adults at the UCSB Recreation Center.
• • •
Santa Barbara Partners in Education is a nonprofit 501(c)3 administered by the Santa Barbara County Education Office. Partner programs include a Volunteer Recruitment program serving K-12 public schools and nonprofit organizations; a Paid Job Readiness Training & Internship program for deserving high school students; and Computers for Families, a program working to close the digital divide.
» Click here to volunteer with Partners in Education, or call 805.964.4710 x4401.
» Connect with Partners in Education on Facebook. Follow Partners in Education on Twitter: @sbpartnersined.
» For other inquiries, contact internship program and communications coordinator Chelsea Duffy at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
| Partners in Education President's Council Series | Complete Series Index |
— Jenae Jeppesen works with Santa Barbara Partners in Education.
April 10Ningbo Shuanglin Auto Parts Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 5 percent to 20 percent, or to be 82.5 million yuan to 94.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (78.5 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/d8i7gn
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Doral Chamber of Commerce Welcomes Venetian Nail Spa as a Gold Member
Venetian Nail Spa Doral Chamber Member
Contact
Doral Chamber of Commerce
***@nmx2.com Doral Chamber of Commerce
End
-- The Doral Chamber of Commerce proudly welcomes Venetian Nail Spa as a gold Member. The Doral Chamber of Commerce in partnership with businesses such as Venetian Nail Spa will continue to work together towards a common goal building a healthy economy and continuing to improve the quality of life in the City of Doral.Venetian Nail Spas were originally designed in 2001. Their goal is to provide the highest quality of Nail Salon and Spa services, offering environmental lifestyle products to each of our clients under the highest standards of business ethics.Venetian's purpose is to create a beautifully, unique group of nail spas in markets that will attract people who are looking to have an enjoyable spa experience. Venetian Nail Spa began as a dream of a few dedicated individuals. They nurtured this dream, shared it with others, and built a thriving center committed to the health and wholeness of the community. They offer their guests numerous therapies, treatments, products and nail services that embody the healing traditions of many cultures. Their aim is to provide all guests with impeccable service through experiences that nurture the body, mind & spirit.Venetian Nail Spa is committed to helping you capture the tranquility of serenity and dedicated to the enhancement of your natural beauty. With dozens of stores nationwide, we are excited about watching our vision continue to grow through our nail spas.The wcj Doral Chamber of Commerce is a 501 (c)(6) non-profit, community professional service organization, founded in January 2008 by Manny Sarmiento and Carmen Lopez. The Chamber's focus since its founding has always been to educate its members with seminars, workshops, networking and other educational events becoming "Your Marketing Right Hand".The Doral Chamber of Commerce was created to meet the needs of a thriving business community of small to medium sized companies in Doral and surrounding areas that needed assistance and support in growing their business. After examining their member's needs and the current economic environment, we have found that the new "e-World", Internet communities, online social relationships and education via the web are the "new" and best ways to market your business. We provide our members and the business community in general, with networking and educational opportunities in traditional learning and online environments that together enhance the operational, marketing, and business development skills needed for success in today's business world.ha@venetiansalon.com
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — A Florida college professor fired after publicly saying the Sandy Hook school shooting in Connecticut was a hoax has lost a lawsuit claiming he was wrongfully terminated.
Local news outlets report that a federal jury on Monday sided with Florida Atlantic University. The school contended communications professor James Tracy was fired last year not because of his blog posts about the Sandy Hook school shooting but because he violated rules regarding reporting of outside work.
Tracy claimed his firing violated his free speech rights. He wrote on his blog that the Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax by the government to impose tougher gun control. Tracy sought reinstatement to his position, back pay and damages.
Twenty children and six adults were killed at Sandy Hook in 2012.
A HEAT WAVE heading to Spain is expected to send temperatures up to 45 degrees next week.
A warm front from Africa is forecast to scorch areas such as Badajoz and Zaragoza on Monday, with maximum temperatures of 40 degrees. Madrid and Sevilla will hover around 38-39 degrees, with the Valencia and Barcelona areas feeling ‘fresher' with highs of 33 for Monday but they are set to raise as the week goes on.
The rest of Andalucia is set to stay above 40 degrees, with meteorologists fearing parts in land will hit 45 degrees in the shade.
Malaga will see highs of around 36 on Monday but again they are expected to increase over the course of the week.
Mallorca and Valencian health officials have also issued warnings due to the expected rise in temperatures, with children and the elderly advised to stay in the shade as much as possible and to drink plenty of water.
Murcia has already seen high temperatures, with the hottest day of July in Spain so far at 35 degrees and is set to get warmer from next week.
Education has a very wide scope. From formal to informal, from undergraduate to graduate, from classroom based to online medium, education encompasses multitude of ways people gain knowledge and uses it for different purposes. The only concrete effect of education is the spread of knowledge. Knowledge assimilation should be the only criteria our society should move ahead through time.
MYC India is one of the only few true educational consultants that guide the students from confusion to confidence in choosing their career path. We are the foremost career advisor curtin in the Indian as well as foreign education consultancy sector. Anyone interested in receiving career guidance gorey can visit our website for updated information on all colleges, universities In India. Here are the services we provide:
Search:
Simply use our powerful search engine to get the latest offerings from different institutes. All faculties are covered on our website, be it arts, engineering, medicine, commerce, architecture and more. Our advanced search feature allows you to look for colleges by name, courses after 12th class and courses after graduation. This gives potential students the opportunity to find the right combination that suits their likings and competency. Search being the first step in career counseling gatech, will give them a head start in shaping their future. Instant search results will prevent long loading time that sometimes leads to frustration on different websites. After landing at your desired page, a comprehensive list of colleges or courses will await you. Just pick your favorite course or college and follow along for more services.
News updates/Job postings:
We at MYC believe in taking rapid strides towards our goals. That is why we are the best career advisor ecu in India. We publish the latest government job offerings; news about results of all entrance exams and school boards; and exam notification for admissions in various colleges and courses. All news on our website is authentic, latest and to the point. You can rely on this section with assurance. Keep browsing it daily and you don't need any other information source.
Featured college section:
Students often get confused not because of the dearth of colleges and courses, but because of myriad of options that end up being a burden rather than opportunity. By spotlighting selected colleges which are popular and which are renowned all over the region as well as India, it becomes easier for career aspirants to narrow down choices and make decisions more accurately. We do our best to put the best colleges in the section which offer latest and comprehensive syllabus along with a great career prospect for admitted students.
PTE/IELTS:
We are the leaders in training and providing course material for English level proficiency exams, especially the Pearson's test of English (PTE). Our up to date syllabus and excellent teaching staff will help you attain the desired results in PTE. We focus on PTE because it is the future of English language testing with its quick results and accurate assessing techniques. Our exhaustive teaching material is unique and will guide students to becoming proficient and stay at par with native English speakers.
Overseas Consulting:
Apart from the career advisor enfield role, our overseas consulting facility is suited for people who want to build their career abroad. Whether it be for Permanent Residence, work visa, travel or for study permit, the options are endless. Join us for a one to one session with one of our consultants. They will analyze your options and help you reach a definite decision. We work tirelessly to help our clients choose and reach their country of choice. We deal in providing career counseling dfw in all countries and immigration services for maximum countries that allow Indian citizens to work, travel and live permanently.
For more information visit: http://www.mycindia.com
or drop an email : support@mycindia.com
or call us: +91 8146610862
True Leaf founder and CEO Darcy Bomford, gives a brief speech before the official ground-breaking at the True Leaf campus in Lumby on March 2. (Erin Christie/Morning Star)
True Leaf Medicine International Ltd. has recruited two medicinal cannabis cultivation experts to lead the development of its medicinal cannabis products.
In a release issued Monday morning, the Lumby-based company's founder and chief executive officer, Darcy Bomford said Stephen Schroeder, Chief Cannabis Industry Advisor, and Christian Zofchak, Director of Horticulture Operations, have joined the True Leaf team.
“Our mission is to be Canada's leading purpose-driven cannabis company, so we are proud to announce today Stephen and Christian will be creating high-quality medical products for people and their pets here at True Leaf Campus,” Bomford said.
The cultivation team members, he continued, are “Canadian leaders in selective cannabis plant development.” Their role will be to identify the best cannabis plant genetics worldwide, and, as part of True Leaf's proprietary intellectual property, develop unique strains capable of producing the active ingredients needed to develop a highly-effective medicinal product line to address neurological, musculoskeletal, gynaecological, and gastrointestinal conditions.
Schroeder has overseen millions of square feet of cannabis cultivation worldwide. Now an Okanagan Valley resident, he has consulted on cannabis operations in several European Union countries, throughout the United States, and in South America helping thousands of patients. His approach to cannabis horticulture emphasizes purity and precise control of all parameters of the growth cycle.
Schroeder added that this will mean using the full spectrum of therapeutic benefits cannabis has to offer.
“I've designed techniques to preserve the whole plant medicine. I'm excited to bring this and other specialized growing techniques to True Leaf,” he added.
Zofchak, who draws on more than 20 years of experience, will provide the precise environmental controls necessary to eliminate the need for pesticides and fungicides during the production of cannabis products. The control of these conditions will enable the team to produce whole plant medicines and extractions.
“I am very proud to be part of a team that puts patients first with such a strong commitment to quality cannabis cultivation,” Zofchak said.
“I believe that True Leaf will be one of the few licensed producers capable of providing consistent pharmaceutical grade cannabis and extractions. This is only possible with our scientific approach and dedication.”
True Leaf has received permission by Health Canada to build its cannabis cultivation facility and broke ground on March 2. The 25,000 square foot facility is expected to be completed in late summer 2018. True Leaf is currently in the final stages of Health Canada's Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (ACMPR) process.
WATCH
True Leaf groundbreaking ceremony in Lumby on March 2
Founded in 2013, True Leaf has two main operating divisions: True Leaf Medicine Inc. and True Leaf Pet Inc. The Company's goal is to provide federally-approved cannabis products that will be sold across Canada and the United States.
True Leaf Medicine Inc. was launched in July 2013 to become a licensed producer of medicinal cannabis for the Canadian market. True Leaf Medicine Inc. has been granted approval by Health Canada to build its growth facility and will be subject to a Health Canada inspection upon completion to allow for the cultivation, manufacture, and distribution of cannabis products. Currently, True Leaf does not have a license to produce cannabis.
Morning Star Staff
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the US championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Columbus Crew 3 Chicago Fire 1 DC United 0 Real Salt Lake 0 aband.30' FC Dallas 0 Colorado Rapids 0 Houston Dynamo 3 San Jose Earthquakes 0 LA Galaxy 0 New York City FC 2 New England Revolution 1 Vancouver Whitecaps 0 New York Red Bulls 3 Orlando City SC 1 Philadelphia Union 0 Montreal Impact 3 Toronto FC 4 Portland Timbers 1 Seattle Sounders 1 Sporting Kansas City 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts Eastern Conference 1 Toronto FC 24 13 8 3 46 24 47 2 New York City FC 24 13 4 7 45 33 43 3 Chicago Fire 23 12 5 6 45 28 41 4 New York Red Bulls 23 12 2 9 37 30 38 5 Columbus Crew 25 11 2 12 37 40 35 6 Atlanta United FC 22 10 5 7 42 29 35 7 Montreal Impact 22 8 6 8 35 37 30 8 Orlando City SC 24 8 6 10 25 36 30 9 Philadelphia Union 24 8 5 11 32 31 29 10 New England Revolution 23 8 5 10 38 38 29 11 DC United 23 5 4 14 19 43 19 Western Conference 1 Houston Dynamo 24 10 7 7 42 32 37 2 Seattle Sounders 24 10 7 7 37 31 37 3 Sporting Kansas City 24 9 10 5 29 19 37 4 FC Dallas 22 9 8 5 33 26 35 5 Portland Timbers 25 9 7 9 43 43 34 6 San Jose Earthquakes 24 9 5 10 26 38 32 7 Vancouver Whitecaps 22 9 4 9 32 32 31 8 Real Salt Lake 24 7 5 12 30 44 26 9 LA Galaxy 23 6 5 12 32 42 23 10 Colorado Rapids 22 6 4 12 22 31 22 11 Minnesota United FC 23 6 4 13 29 49 22 Next Fixtures (GMT): Saturday, August 12 DC United v Real Salt Lake (2300) aband.30'
PRAGUE, April 6 The Czech central bank (CNB) ended its intervention regime keeping the crown on the weak side of 27 per euro on Thursday, allowing the currency to float to stronger levels.
Investors have bet billions of euros that the crown will strengthen after the end of the currency cap which had been in place since November 2013 to help revive inflation.
The bank reiterated it would be ready to step into the market if it needed to smooth currency swings.
The bank said Governor Jiri Rusnok will hold a news conference to discuss the decision at 2.15 pm. (1215 GMT).
(Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)
Agnyaathavaasi
Trivikram Srinivas and Pawan Kalyan's Agnyaathavaasi hit the screens during Sankranthi and opened to a good response at the box office despite receiving unflattering reviews from all corners. The negative WOM soon caught up with the film and it ultimately proved to be a disappointment for all concerned. Agnyaathavaasi also had Keerthy Suresh and Aadhi in the lead.
Touch Chesi Chudu
The year started on a bad note for Ravi Teja when his Touch Chesi Chudu opened to a poor response at the box office and failed to impress the critics. Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, it ended with a final distributor's share of Rs 9 Crore and proved to be a disaster. Touch Chesi Chudu also featured Raashi Khanna and Seerat Kapoor in the lead.
Naa Peru Surya
Featuring Tollywood's 'Stylish Star' Allu Arjun in the lead, Naa Peru Surya was one of the biggest releases of the year and hit the screens on May 4, 2018. Unfortunately, it underperformed at the box office and its distributors suffered losses.
Nela Ticket
The second Ravi Teja starrer to feature on the list, Nela Ticket hit the theatres on May 25, 2018 and proved to be a box office dud. It ended with a distributor's share of around Rs 9.5 Crore and received negative reviews.
Officer
Officer marked Nagarjuna's first film with Ram Gopal Varma in over two decades and hit the screens on June 1, 2018. Featuring the veteran actor in the role of a cop, it sank without a trace and failed to impress the movie buffs.
Primarily driven by increasing instances of fractures due to road accidents and sports related injuries, the global market for orthopedic trauma devices is anticipated to expand at a promising CAGR of 6.8% over the next decade. By the end of 2028, the orthopedic trauma devices market is estimated to attain the global revenues beyond US$ 14 Bn. As per the research presented in a recently published report by Future Market Insights, titled “Orthopedic Trauma Devices Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013 – 2017 and Opportunity Assessment, 2018 – 2028,” the market will also continue to be driven by impactful presence of some of the local players within respective regional markets.
“While the advent of 3D printing technology is likely to present the market a heap of new growth opportunities in 3D printed orthopedic implants, another significant opportunities lies in the popularly trending reverse shoulder arthroplasty. The rise of digital orthopedics will continue to fuel market growth through to 2028,” states a research analyst at Future Market Insights.
Based on the regional analysis, the global orthopedic trauma devices market will continue to witness dominance of North America, which currently accounts for a major portion of the total revenues. With around 48% value share observed in 2017, North America's orthopedic trauma devices market is estimated to attain a value in excess of US$ 6 Bn by the end of 2028. Western Europe is also identified to be a key market, holding the second largest position in terms of value. Manufacturers will however discover attractive opportunities in developing economies, including Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa. Among the emerging regional markets, Asia Pacific excluding China and Japan (APECJ) is likely to emerge at a relatively higher pace, followed by MEA. China is expected to be the most lucrative market owing to the highest estimated CAGR value over 2018-2028. Strong presence of key companies will reportedly uplift the markets in North America and China.
A majority of the key companies operating in the global orthopedic trauma market are opting for strategic mergers and acquisitions, in addition to new product launches. According to the report, most of the revenue is contributed by the tier 1 companies, followed by the tier 3 players. The tier 1 includes DePuy Synthes Inc., Stryker Corporation, Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc., and Smith & Nephew Plc., which collectively represent nearly 70% share of the total market revenues. Among these, DePuy and Stryker will continue to remain the top players worldwide over the next decade. Tier 3 accounts for a relatively decent revenue share and includes brands such as Arthrex, Inc., RTISurgical, Medartis, Integra LifeSciences Corporation, Japan MDM, S. H. Pitkar Orthotools Pvt Ltd, Weigao Group Co Ltd, and Invibio Ltd.
Read more Information @https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/orthopedic-trauma-devices-market-expected-to-account-for-us-14-bn-by-2028-682064521.html
Others operating in the global orthopedic trauma devices market include Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc., Wright Medical Group NV, B. Braun Melsungen AG, Orthofix International, and OsteoMed. Growing outpatient surgical procedure demand and boosting funds for delivery of the top-notch trauma care are foreseen to collectively create a lucrative pool of opportunities for the leading bunch of companies in the global marketplace. The market is also witnessing the development of novel and effective products for use in trauma care, which stands to be another important opportunity.
Burnt humans remain found suspected to be those of missing Bloomfield labourer; four in custody
The burnt remains of a man suspected to be those of a missing labourer were Friday afternoon unearthed behind his employer's home at Number 55 Village, Corentyne.
After police earlier reportedly unearthed what were said to be human remains, family members are certain the remains are that of missing laborer, 21-year-old Mahendra Ghanie called “Azad”.
The labourer has been missing since Monday after he left his 198 Bloomfield, Corentyne home for work.
Four suspects, including the missing man's employer, were placed into police custody.
The remains were discovered in hole behind his employer's home at No. 55 village, Corentyne.
According to the missing man's mother, her son left home at around 5 PM on Monday for work. The grieving woman, Indranie Seenarine stated that her son called later in the evening to say that he reached his destination. However, family members began suspecting something was amiss after several calls over the next days went unanswered.
“He calls Monday and seh mommy me reach. Then now Tuesday we call and he nah answer he phones. So we think he's working. But then now Wednesday, we call again and he nah answer and I feel like something happen to meh son”.
Seenarine related to Demerara Waves Online that she made several reports to the No. 51 and Whim Police Stations. After not given the satisfaction needed, family members decided to the venture to his place of work on Thursday.
The missing man's brother, Razack Ghanie relayed that upon reaching the scene, they saw the main suspect's son who immediately fled after spotting them. “The man son run away soon as he sees we come and we go back and tell the police all this but they ain't come back with we to search or nothing”.
The older Ghanie they then returned to the scene on Friday to conduct a second search with hopes of finding evidence that his brother was there. It was then that they stumbled a upon a hole situated next to a pile of ashes behind the man's home.
Becoming curious, the man's brother took a stick and began poking around the hole and made the shocking discovery of several burnt bones of all different sizes hidden beneath ashes. “Well we go back and search on Friday
and so we search bout ah hour then we see this hole next to pile ah ash. And me tek a stick and juk juk in the hole and find like about five pieces ah bone inside”.
The police were then summoned to the scene and upon further search discovered burnt pieces of clothing, a burnt phone cover, a hammock and discarded bottle of insulin among other pieces of bones.
According to Ghanie, his brother only worked for the suspect for four months and during that time, he was accused of stealing a sim card.
Mahendra Ghanie resided in Bloomfield with his mother, two sisters and one brother. Police are continuing the investigation.
Consultant pilot fish has been assigned to this client company for years -- and though he likes the client, he's getting bored with his project.
"I was in consulting because I liked variety," says fish. "The client had plans to develop a new system using the then-new Java technology, which looked really interesting, and that manager said they'd love to have me on the project, while keeping my subject matter expertise available for my previous project.
"But I didn't have Java skills, and didn't have enough after-hours time to gain the knowledge necessary on my own."
OK, fish thinks, what about company-paid classes? He researches the options, selects a training company, gets an OK from the regional manager and the money is approved.
A few days later, he gets a letter from the office. It's a contract to get the training -- with a clause that says if fish leaves in the next two years, he has to pay back the cost of the training. He calls the marketer -- who says it's the first he's heard about it.
Next day, the marketer and regional manager show up at the client site to discuss the situation. Fish explains that he's not willing to sign an agreement that locks him down for years. Regional manager -- who's not used to being told no by consultants -- accuses fish of threatening to quit if he doesn't get his way.
"In reality, my commitment was to the client, not to him or the consulting firm," fish says. "I wasn't worried about being fired -- the client loved me, wasn't covered by the non-compete and had repeatedly tried to hire me."
Then the client manager catches wind of the conversation. Fish explains he won't get training for the new project, but he'll live up to his commitments to the client.
A few days later, fish hears from the marketer again. Sign up for the classes, he says, and we'll cover reasonable expenses, with no payback contract required.
Agreed, fish tells him. And when fish learns of a package deal where he can get twice as many courses from the training company for the same cost, the marketer says that's fine -- so long as the total cost isn't higher, he doesn't care how fish spends the money.
Fish is happy, the client is happy, and the consulting company eventually gets lots of revenue from fish working on the new Java project.
"And as I found out later, they got the client to split the training costs," says fish.
"But I don't think I ever spoke with the regional manager again. He was gone within six months."
Trust Sharky with your true tale of IT life. Send me your story at sharky@computerworld.com. I'll file off the identifying marks, and you'll score a sharp Shark shirt if I use it. Comment on today's tale at Sharky's Google+ community, and read thousands of great old tales in the Sharkives.
Get your daily dose of out-takes from the IT Theater of the Absurd delivered directly to your Inbox. Subscribe now to the Daily Shark Newsletter.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April. RSPCA
MARCELLO, the cat who was hurled over a fence in a distressing video that went viral in April, is all healed up and ready for a loving forever home.
RSPCA shared a photo of the moggy, now up for adoption, who was the subject of a horrific video showing a former Mackay man and his friends laughing as the cat smashes into the exterior brick wall of the neighbouring house.
"With the help of the public the offender was identified and has now been prosecuted," the RSPCA said.
While in care, Marcello visited the vet 27 times over two months, and he was treated for three bouts of stress-induced cat flu.
The third relapse included a consequent severe eye infection. After initial treatment efforts were unsuccessful, surgery was required to remove his infected eye.
Now, the RSPCA says, Marcello is ready to move on with his life.
"He's only just over one year old and he's looking for a quieter home where he can build his trust in the world again. With a little reassurance and time his bright and happy personality will shine through," his social media adoption ad reads.
"Marcello is in foster care near RSPCA Brisbane, Wacol. Email adoptfromfoster@rspcaqld.org.au to meet him."
Sickening footage emerged in April of a man dressed in high-vis tradesmen gear picking up a black cat and throwing it over a fence in Ipswich.
The man and his two friends can be seen covering their mouths to stifle their laughter.
Samual Conroy, 19, pleaded guilty in Ipswich Magistrates Court in May to animal cruelty, and publicly apologised for his behaviour.
The 19-year-old former Mackay man told the Daily Mercury in April he was "incredibly sorry" and "extremely regretful" about what he'd done.
"There's no going away from it, I am the one that did it in the video," he said.
"There's nothing to lie about and nothing to hide, it's just a stupid act I did."
Conroy was ordered to pay $1100, banned from owning a pet for five years, and sentenced to 12 months' probation and 120 hours community service.
Score a Samsung Galaxy tablet when you sign up for a 12-month Daily Mercury digital subscription.
Not only will you get a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 tablet, but you'll get 12 months unlimited digital access to every story online and 12 months digital access to The Courier Mail+
Head to www.dailymercury.com.au/tablet or phone 1300 361 604. Hurry, limited offer.
BEDMINSTER, United States: The White House on Sunday (Monday in Manila) struggled to defuse the growing criticism of President Donald Trump's initial failure to explicitly condemn white supremacists for their role in the violent protest Saturday in Virginia, insisting that his condemnation included all such groups.
A woman died and 19 people were injured in the city of Charlottesville when a car plowed into a crowd of people after a rally by Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists turned violent. Two state police officers died in a helicopter crash near the area.
A full day after the violence erupted, and after an initial statement in which Trump made no mention of white extremism, a White House spokesperson issued a statement saying, “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
In an appearance Saturday at his golf resort in Bedminster, New Jersey, Trump faulted “many sides” for the violence. He made no mention of the far-right militia groups involved in the Charlottesville melee, some of whom were wearing Trump hats or T-shirts.
Vice President Mike Pence, meanwhile, specifically condemned the hate groups by name when asked to respond to the events in Charlottesville.
“We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK,” Pence said Sunday at a news conference in Cartagena, Colombia, where he was on the first leg of a Latin American tour.
“These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms.”
But he also defended Trump, saying the president “clearly and unambiguously condemned the bigotry, violence and hatred” on display in Charlottesville. Pence chided the media for what he called its stronger focus on Trump's words than on those who perpetrated the violence.
‘Coarseness, cynicism, bullying'
Amid growing bipartisan criticism of his initial response, White House advisers appearing Sunday on talk shows strove to defend the president.
White House homeland security adviser Tom Bossert told Fox News Sunday that “I think you saw the president stand up very clearly and not only denounce it, but rise to a presidential level of calling for a counter message of love and dignity and respect for fellow human beings.”
But the Charlottesville mayor, Michael Signer, laid much of the blame for the violence directly at the president's feet, saying in an impassioned appearance on CBS that Trump had created an atmosphere of “coarseness, cynicism (and) bullying.”
“He made a choice in his presidential campaign, the folks around him, to go to the gutter, to play on our worst prejudices,” Signer, a Democrat, said.
Many Republicans joined in the criticism of Trump, including former presidential aspirants Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.
Another Republican, Senator Lindsey Graham, told Fox News Sunday that “I would urge the president to dissuade these groups that he's their friend.”
“Their cause is hate.”
Even the man who was briefly the White House communications director, Anthony Scaramucci, had critical words for Trump's original response.
“I wouldn't have recommended that statement,” he said on ABC. “I think he needed to be much harsher as it related to the white supremacists.”
He added, “It's actually terrorism.”
Ivanka weighs in
Trump's daughter, Ivanka Trump, issued a tweet early Sunday that included the sort of language some people said her father should have used on Saturday.
“There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-Nazis,” she tweeted.
When Trump was asked on Saturday in Bedminster whether he wanted the support of white nationalists, he ignored the question.
Charlottesville remained tense on Sunday. Jason Kessler, a far-right blogger who had organized the “Unite the Right Rally,” attempted to hold a news conference in front of city hall, but was confronted by a hostile crowd, spat on and tackled by a protester, US media said. He left the scene under police escort.
Of the 19 people who were hurt Saturday in the car ramming, 10 remained hospitalized in good condition and nine had been released, the University of Virginia Health System said.
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, who had declared a state of emergency even before the far-right rally officially got underway, attended a prayer event on Sunday and called on lawmakers to speak out forcefully against hate.
“We got to call it out for what it is. It is hatred, it is bigotry and our leaders got to be very frank, unequivocal. We will not tolerate that in our country,” he said.
Trump is expected to hold a news conference Monday in Washington at which he will almost certainly be questioned on his response.
The New York billionaire faced criticism during last year's presidential campaign for failing to quickly reject a vow of support from a former Klan leader, David Duke, though he eventually did so. Duke took part in Saturday's rally.
The president has long had a following among white supremacist groups attracted to his nationalist rhetoric on immigration and other hot-button issues.
AFP
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Weller's gig at Genting Arena in Birmingham which was cancelled due to snow has been rescheduled for this summer.
Fans had expressed their anger when the arena initially said the show would be going ahead - despite horrific weather conditions.
After facing a barrage of criticism for "not putting fans' safety first" the arena and the promoters cancelled the gig a few hours before Paul Weller was due on stage.
The announcement said: “We are sorry to announce that tonight's concert has been cancelled due to the severe weather conditions.
“We apologise for any inconvenience this may have caused, but the safety of our patrons and staff are our top priority.”
Refunds will be offered to fans who cannot attend the new concert date.
The new gig date will take place Friday, August 24.
Tickets for the rearranged show are priced £42.50 and are available from The Ticket Factory .
There is also a 12.5% booking fee and 80p facility fee – the rates when the event was first arranged.
Promoters said there would be a cut-off date for refund requests in order to encourage people to respond in good time. The cut off will be Tuesday, May 1.
On the day of the planned Paul Weller gig, Birmingham had been issued with a yellow weather warning by the Met Office as the Midlands faced the worst of The Beast of The East and Storm Emma.
There was as predicted widespread snow as well as sleet and ice.
Paul Weller fan Charlie Lamb has paid £197.55 for four tickets and was disgusted by the delay in cancelling the concert.
He told us: " I was appalled by the initial decision not to cancel. I live 30 miles from the NEC which is normally a 45 minute journey, but due to the snow it was impossible for me to get out of the village that I live in. "
The Genting Arena's spokesman Phil Mead, managing director for The NEC Group, told Birmingham Live tickets for the March show will be valid for the new date but fans can obtain a refund now from the point of purchase."
The arena also came under fire for failing to do cancel the Stereophonics show on Thursday, March 1 and the Elbow concert on Saturday, March 3 as the snow and icy conditions continued throughout that weekend.
The cut off for refund requests for those who cannot make the new Paul Weller date is May 1.
Inspection and testing company IMES International has struck a deal with Associated British Ports Humber to monitor crane and bulk handling equipment for the offshore wind sector at four east England ports.
The “six-figure” deal covers sites at Immingham (pictured), Hull, Grimsby and Goole, which the company said will play a key role in future projects in the North Sea.
Full-time riggers will be hired for the three-year job, which will ensure ABP's “rigging and wire rope equipment meets safety and operability certifications, through inspection, testing and repair work”.
“The integrity of crane and associated equipment in these ports is crucial for safe, efficient and productive operations. The Humber ports are of great significance to Yorkshire's economic make-up, and we're proud to play our part to ensure it continues,” said IMES services and inspection director Kevin Black.
Image: IMES International
President Trump speaks at Manchester Community College in Manchester, New Hampshire on March 19, 2018. MANDEL NGAN/Getty Images
President Trump's strategic approach to the possibility of sitting down for an interview with Special Counsel Robert Mueller has vacillated from folksy “why not?” to “why on earth would I do that?” There's also been a healthy dose of: “ask my lawyers.” Those lawyers, while taking a more cooperative approach to the administration's interactions with Mueller's team more generally, when it comes to the president of the United States sitting down with Mueller to discuss all things Russia, they've tried to minimize Trump's exposure. One problem: Trump's penchant for lying could, understandably, be problematic for his legal defense and, therefore, the future of his presidency. In order to further minimize the scope of a potential interview, Trump's lawyers have submitted “written descriptions that chronicle key moments under investigation,” the Washington Post reported Monday.
From the Post:
The written materials provided to Mueller's office include summaries of internal White House memos and contemporaneous correspondence about events Mueller is investigating, including the ousters of national security adviser Michael Flynn and FBI Director James B. Comey. The documents describe the White House players involved and the president's actions… The records do not include Trump's personal version of events but provide a narrative of the White House view, the people said. Trump's lawyers hope the evidence eliminates the need to ask the president about some episodes.
Investigators have told Trump's lawyers the thrust of their questions fall into two categories: “What did he do?” and “What was he thinking when he did it?,” according to the Post. The exact nature of Trump's sit-down continues to be negotiated, but appears to be increasingly likely to happen, barring Trump firing the special counsel. Mueller reportedly sent a list of questions to Trump's lawyers it was reported last week as part of the deal-making.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT)- Dr. James Bumpus, Director of Macon-Bibb County Office of Small Business Affairs has resigned.
He confirmed the news to 41NBC Tuesday morning after presenting an update on the Office of Small Business Affairs.
- Advertisement -
This announcement comes shortly after the Macon-Bibb County Industrial Authority demanded nearly $2 million from three contractors hired in 2012.
Those three contractors were hired by the MBCIA in conjunction with the Office of Small Business Affairs, according to a news release from MBCIA. Armstead Management, LLC, New Age Concept and Consulting and WM Construction were all hired to do work and paid in full for it, but after new leadership, the MBCIA later found those projects were never completed or started.
Bumpus says those contractors were not vetted by the Office of Small Business Affairs. The office's role was to make those businesses aware of the opportunity. Bumpus says the way he helped make sure those companies were legitimate was to check if they were registered with the Secretary of State, in business and minority categories. Then it was up to MBCIA to continue the procurement process and investigate further.
Bumpus has worked for the county for four years. His last day is May 25th.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Sunday rejected claims of Moscow's involvement in a nerve agent attack targeting a former spy and his daughter on British soil.
"It's complete drivel, rubbish, nonsense that somebody in Russia would allow themselves to do such a thing ahead of elections and the World Cup," Putin said in his first comments since the attack. "It's quite obvious that if it were a military-grade nerve agent, people would have died on the spot."
Read more: Germany rules out Russia World Cup boycott over nerve agent attack
The Russian president claimed that Moscow "destroyed all our chemical weapons under international oversight unlike some of our partners." Last year, Russia said it destroyed the chemical weapons stockpiles it inherited after the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitri Peskov said Monday that the UK must provide evidence to back their allegations or apologize "sooner or later."
Watch video 01:48 Share Britain expels Russian diplomats Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uL6p Russia and Britain – entering a new deep freeze?
Soviet-designed nerve agent
According to British authorities, former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned by a nerve agent from a group of chemical compounds known as Novichok. The nerve agent was developed by the Soviet Union to circumvent the Chemical Weapons Convention.
Read more: Russia's conflict-laden foreign policy
Up to 22 people were also treated for exposure to the nerve agent, including Nick Bailey, the first officer on the scene. British authorities have called it the first such attack in Europe since World War II.
EU urges 'complete disclosure'
Following an EU foreign ministers meeting, the bloc issued a statement saying it "is shocked at the offensive use of any military-grade nerve agent … for the first time on European soil in over 70 years."
"The Union calls on Russia to address urgently the questions raised by the UK and the international community and to provide immediate, full and complete disclosure of its Novichok program to the OPCW."
Investigators of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) are expected to arrive in the UK on Monday to collect samples of the nerve agent to corroborate the UK's findings.
After winning a fourth term as president, Vladimir Putin dismissed British claims that Moscow was at the heart of the nerve agent attack
'Classic Russian strategy'
Earlier Monday, British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson said Russia's denials were growing "increasingly absurd," with claims appearing to contradict each other.
Read more: As UK-Russia relations deteriorate, is it crisis or melodrama?
"What people can see is that this is a classic Russian strategy of trying to conceal the needle of truth in a haystack of lies and obfuscation."
Since the public poisoning in Salisbury, the UK and Russia have witnessed relations deteriorate further, with London expelling 23 diplomats and Moscow responding with similar measures. The UK has signaled it is preparing further measures against Russia, including possibly targeting Russians who "have obtained wealth by corruption."
A history of political poisonings Sergei Skripal, a 66-year-old former Russian spy, was found unconscious on a bench outside a shopping center in the British city of Salisbury after he was exposed to what police said was an unknown substance. Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the situation "tragic" but said, "We don't have information about what could be the cause, what this person did."
A history of political poisonings Kim Jong Nam The estranged half-brother of Kim Jong-un was killed on February 13, 2018 at Kuala Lumpur airport after two women allegedly smeared the chemical nerve agent VX on his face. In February, a Malaysian court heard that Kim Jong Nam had been carrying a dozen vials of antidote for the deadly nerve agent VX in his backpack at the time of the poisoning.
A history of political poisonings Alexander Litvinenko Former Russian spy Litvinenko had worked for the Federal Security Service (FSB) before he defected to Britain, where he became a journalist and wrote two books of accusations against the FSB and Putin. He became ill after meeting with two former KGB officers and died on November 23, 2006. A government inquiry found he was killed by radioactive polonium-210 which it alleged the men put in his tea.
A history of political poisonings Viktor Kalashnikov In November 2010, doctors at Berlin's Charité hospital discovered high levels of mercury had been found in a Russian dissident couple working in Berlin. Kalashnikov, a freelance journalist and former KGB colonel, had 3.7 micrograms of mercury per litre of blood, while his wife had 56 micrograms. A safe level is 1-3 micrograms. Viktor reportedly told German magazine Focus that "Moscow poisoned us."
A history of political poisonings Viktor Yushchenko Ukrainian opposition leader Yushchenko became sick in September 2004 and was diagnosed with acute pancreatis caused by a viral infection and chemical substances. The illness resulted in facial disfigurement, with pockmarks, bloating and jaundice. Doctors said the changes to his face were from chloracne, which is a result of dioxin poisoning. Yushchenko claimed government agents poisoned him.
A history of political poisonings Khaled Meshaal On September 25, 1997, Israel's intelligence agency attempted to assassinate Hamas leader Meshaal, under orders from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Two agents sprayed a poisonous substance into Meshaal's ear as he walked into the Hamas offices in Amman, Jordan. The assassination attempt was unsuccessful and not long afterward the two Israeli agents were captured.
A history of political poisonings Georgi Markov In 1978, Bulgarian dissident Markov was waiting at a bus stop after a shift at the BBC when he felt a sharp jab in his thigh. He turned to see a man picking up an umbrella. A small bump appeared where he felt the jab and four days later he died. An autopsy found he'd been killed by a small pellet containing a 0.2-milligram dose of ricin. Many believe the poisoned dart was fired from the umbrella.
A history of political poisonings Grigori Rasputin On December 30, 1916, mystic and spiritual healer Rasputin arrived at Yusupov Palace in St Petersburg at the invitation Prince Felix Yusupov. There, Prince Yusupov offered Rasputin cakes laced with potassium cyanide but he just kept eating them. Yusupov then gave him wine in a cyanide-laced wine glasses, but still Rasputin continued to drink. With the poison failing, Rasputin was shot and killed. Author: Louisa Wright
ls/rt (AFP, AP, Reuters)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
BEIRUT An Iranian-American detained in Iran since last summer has been released on bail of approximately $60,000 (47,826 pounds), the Human Rights Activists News Agency (HRANA) reported Sunday.
Robin Reza Shahini was arrested by the Revolutionary Guards while visiting family in the northeastern city of Gorgan last July and subsequently sentenced to 18 years imprisonment on charges of threatening national security, according to HRANA.
Shahini went on a hunger strike for a month recently and his health situation had been deteriorating, the HRANA report said.
Two other Iranian-Americans are still being held in the Islamic Republic.
Iran's Revolutionary Guards detained Siamak Namazi, a businessman in his mid-40s with dual U.S.-Iranian citizenship, in October 2015 while he was visiting family in Tehran.
The Guards arrested his 80-year-old father Baquer Namazi, a former Iranian provincial governor and former UNICEF official who also has dual citizenship, in February 2016.
Both men were sentenced to 10 years in prison for spying and cooperating with the United States government, Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi said last October, according to the Fars news website. It did not specify when exactly the sentences had been handed down.
Another detainee is Iranian-British aid worker Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who was sentenced to five years in prison last fall on charges that remain secret, according to her family.
The Revolutionary Guards have accused her of trying to overthrow Iran's clerical establishment.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe works for the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a London-based charity that is independent of Thomson Reuters and operates independently of Reuters News. The Foundation and her husband have dismissed the Revolutionary Guards' accusation.
The U.S. State Department issued a warning in March 2016 noting that Iranian-Americans are particularly at risk of being detained or imprisoned if they travel to Iran.
Shahini, in his mid-40s, graduated last spring from San Diego State University, where he studied international security and conflict resolution, his former classmate Jasmine Ljungberg told Reuters last year. He was set to start a master's program in homeland security at the university last fall, she said.
The HRANA report did not indicate whether Shahini would be allowed to leave the Islamic Republic while out on bail.
(Reporting by Babak Dehghanpisheh; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
By Destiny Eseaga
LAGOS—Sweet Nutrition Limited manufacturer of Mr. Chef range of products has re-launched its Mr. Chef Seasoning products into the market, as the new-look cubes and seasonings are made from natural ingredients and specific flavors.
Speaking at the unveiling ceremony witnessed by distributors, wholesalers retailers and consumers in Lagos, recently, the Managing Director, Mr. Kumar Venkataraman said that the re-launched Cubes, (Beef and Chicken), and Seasoning powders (Jollof Rice, Fried Rice, Pepper soup, Goat Meat, Curry, Stew, Ginger-Onion-Garlic & Crayfish), was based on the outcome of consumers researches the company conducted across the country and the need to give Nigerians a complete meal.
He said: ‘'the new-look seasonings we're re-launching today are made from natural ingredients and of course some specific flavors, some of the flavors are imported. We have the best people working in the research and development team to ensure quality and our quality control is of international standard, which shows that we have the finest products in the market now.”
“We carry out a lot of consumers' research by engaging hotel agencies, restaurants, etc across Nigeria to find out about our seasonings in a bid to continue serving the interest of our esteemed consumers, distributors, wholesalers and retailers.
CORTINA D'AMPEZZO, Italy (AP) — An icy cold shower first thing in the morning. A slap to her chest, a punch to the head and a quick spit of saliva in the start gate.
Then, all or nothing.
Sofia Goggia's pre-race ritual is designed to raise her alertness level to the point where she's prepared to risk her well-being on every turn of a downhill course — something that will be on display this month at the Pyeongchang Olympics.
The daring style propelled the Italian skier to a team-record 13 podia finishes last season. It also cost her three serious knee injuries earlier in her career.
Advertisement
"That's why I like her. She's always exciting to watch," said Lindsey Vonn, noting that she had a similar attitude on the mountain. "You got to man up and push the limits and that's what she does every time. I have a great deal of respect for that."
Goggia, it seems, goes all out in everything she does.
Whether that means writing a 20-page blog post on the ups and downs of her career — replete with references in Latin; traveling from one race in the Alps to another — "She drives like she skis," Gianluca Rulfi, her coach, said after one recent hair-raising experience in the passenger seat of Goggia's car; or even the way she presented herself to Vonn when the pair met for the first time a few years ago.
"She started bowing down to me. I'm like, 'What the hell are you doing? Get up.' She said she has a lot of respect for me and she has been hurt many times and that I was a big inspiration to her," Vonn said. "Ever since then we've been really good friends."
So friendly that Goggia visited Vonn at her home in Colorado in November and bonded over their love of dogs.
The friendship has taken on new meaning over the last year with Goggia developing into Vonn's biggest challenger for downhill and super-G gold in Pyeongchang.
At last season's test event on the Olympic course in South Korea, Goggia won both the downhill and super-G and Vonn finished second in both races, finishing a minuscule 0.07 and 0.04 seconds behind, respectively.
"If it doesn't happen again it will only mean I won in the wrong year," Goggia said. "Really though, the only thing I'm curious about is how I'll react when I'm in the starting gate at my first Olympics. What will I be thinking about and how will my legs feel?"
Goggia can comfort herself with the knowledge that she has beaten the best in Jeongseon before.
"It helps in terms of confidence because it means she likes the course," Italy speed coach Giovanni Feltrin said. "Skiers fall in love with courses the same way Formula One drivers do with auto racing circuits."
Goggia is also a contender in the first women's event on the Pyeongchang calendar, the giant slalom on Feb. 12.
She headlines a deep Italian squad that is expected to end a run of three straight Olympics without a single medal won by the women's team.
Nicknamed the "Valanga Azzurra" — or Azzurra avalanche, after the national team's blue or azure colors — the squad features another multi-medal threat in Federica Brignone, who has seven World Cup victories to Goggia's four.
The extreme amount of pressure that Brignone puts on herself and internalizes contrasts greatly with Goggia's more outgoing approach.
"They're two different personalities who work together without any problems. So they help each other in training but it ends there," former Italy speed coach Alberto Ghezze said. "They respect each other. They're not friends, though."
Goggia's exuberance was on full display when she jumped into a whirlpool bath fully clothed, shoes and all, after claiming two podiums in Val d'Isere, France, last season. It was a gesture that brought back memories of the way Italian great Alberto Tomba used to celebrate.
"She's volcanic in everything she does," Feltrin said. "She's got a ton of energy. You see it in how she skis, how she celebrates, how she carries herself. She's definitely a unique individual.
"The toughest thing for her is channeling all of that energy in the right direction," Feltrin added. "If she's able to do that, she can show off all of her talent."
___
More AP Olympic coverage: https://wintergames.ap.org
___
Andrew Dampf on Twitter: www.twitter.com/asdampf
The band puts the state-of-the-art facility to good use with a mix of old and new material
Duran Duran returned to Los Angeles last Wednesday for a triumphant concert at the new state-of-the-art Nokia Theatre in the heart of the luxurious downtown Live district.
The theater, across from the giant Staples Center arena, opened in 2007 and boasts a 7,100-seat, 40,000-square-foot venue with plush sloping seating that affords a perfect view from every row. Perfect climate control, massive video screens projecting crystal clear high-definition video and an army of politely trained staff ushering concertgoers into the venue with virtually no waiting are just a few of the reasons why this may be one of the most crowd-pleasing venues in Southern California.
An immense in-house sound system provides thundering bass to the far reaches of the theater, and the concessions area features an array of goodies, including a full bar. Outside, the theater is surrounded by the ever-expanding L.A. Live district. The 2,300-seat Nokia facility makes up the triumvirate of live performance venues, but the area also boasts an outside stage for periodic parties, television tapings and free concerts, and a vast array of some of the finest restaurants in Los Angeles.
There are upscale bars such as the Conga Room, massive new hotels such as the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott, a 14-screen movie theater, a Grammy museum and even a bowling alley. Surrounding structures are adorned with multishaped giant LED video screens, giving the whole area a surreal feeling much like downtown Las Vegas or Times Square. The setting provides an upscale entertainment package for a complete night out on the town.
Many concert patrons lingered in the outside complex, enjoying food and drink in themed restaurants, such as the kitschy Tiki room of Trader Vics, while the opening act Neon Trees took the stage to a largely empty house. From sucking on Trader Vics' homemade rum Tiki drinks to watching the taping of a television show on the outside stage, with a sea of girls lined up shirtless in black bras, there were just too many distractions for most to catch the opening set. This was unfortunate for the Neon Trees, a Utah-based band with roots in Southern California, who had to play to a sparsely filled cavernous theater.
The band has been a successful staple on the festival circuit the past few years. They attracted a crowd of thousands in the sweltering heat of this year's massive Bonnaroo festival and were a crowd-pleaser at last summer's Sunset Strip Music Festival.
Even though the Nokia show started to a mostly empty house, the band made the most of it fronted by charismatic lead singer Tyler Glenn. The slightly geeky but lovable vocalist exhibited the energy of a spider monkey, rushing about the stage, dancing, contorting, cajoling the audience and telling anecdotes about his early days in California as an angst-ridden teenager. Often compared with The Killers, who they toured with in 2008, the band's music is actually more experimental and adventurous than the retro pop hits of the chart-topping Killers.
Bass player Branden Campbell brings to mind Incubus bass player Ben Kenney, with a similar relentless, thundering style. Drummer Elaine Bradley plays the drums explosively, changing up the beat often and lends her own characteristic voice to the backing vocals. Guitar player Chris Allen rounds out the band with a wailing riff style well suited to the group. David Charles joins the band on tour to play rhythm guitar. Although an animated Glenn failed to get much response from the sparse crowd early on, he led the band in a spirited 40-minute set until finally garnering a big crowd reaction for the hit songs “Animal” and “1983.”
By the time Duran Duran arrived on stage shortly after 9 p.m., most of the large crowd had found their seats in the plush theater only to give them up for the duration of the show, standing from the first opening note to the final bow in the band's encore. The spectacular show was a veritable feast of explosive music and a lighting and multimedia extravaganza.
The diverse crowd was made up of many fans old enough to remember the group in the heyday of MTV when it was actually just a music video channel, and many more new “Duranies” who weren't even born when the band began their meteoric rise to stardom. The band was one of the most successful groups in the 1980s, largely because of their elaborate videos as well as their timeless sound. Judging by the audience reaction to the band's old and new material, most in the crowd considered themselves true fans of the band, dancing, clapping and singing the chorus along to many of the masterful lyrics.
The band played a mix of material split between their huge library of classics and a lot of songs from their new album, All You Need Is Now. This latest release by the band, who have sold more than 100 million albums in their career, has been well received by critics and fans alike. The newest material harkens back to the classic Duran Duran material of the 1980s but also includes elements of the experimental electronic sound that has characterized more recent albums.
The sound is largely influenced by founding keyboardist extraordinaire Nick Rhodes, with his immense talents as a music producer. He looked like an iconic rock star on the giant video screens in the Nokia, in his psychedelic leopard print coat with ruffled sleeves.
As each of the five members appeared on the jumbo screens, women in the audience young and old would scream like they were at a 1960s Beatles concert. Lead singer Simon Le Bon, also lavishly dressed, seemed happily content throughout the evening, bantering playfully with the crowd. Early on he joked about not being able to read the setlist without his glasses. His self-effacing satirical English humor, displayed all throughout the night, endeared the singer to the crowd.
The ladies also screamed for original members Roger Taylor on drums and John Taylor on bass. The four veterans of the band were joined by two competent female backup singers and a saxophone player to highlight key songs such as the famous riff in “Rio.”
Aside from the massive in-house jumbo video screens, the stage featured its own array of LED video panels that created a compelling multimedia background synchronized with each song. The videos featured everything from highlights of classic old films such as Battleship Potemkin and Metropolis to abstract artistic pulsating color panels. The huge lighting trusses were mechanized to move and breathe with each new song, creating endless lighting scenarios backed by the latest LED effects.
Towering above the stage stood four large, translucent 3-D heads. During several songs, the heads would light up with synchronized animation of the band members' faces, bringing to mind a more primitive, creepy version in the old haunted mansion in Disney World. The sound system in the Nokia Theatre is truly spectacular, sending crystal clear lyrics as well as thundering bass to the very back of the venue. The band even tapped into Twitter technology, posting a giant, live Twitter board where fans could Twitter directly to @duranlive.
While Le Bon took a break in the middle of the show, John Taylor led the rest of the band in a spirited instrumental version of “Tiger Tiger” and reminded the crowd to keep tweeting. As the tweets accelerated, one in particular drew cheers from the crowd when it lit up the screen larger than life: “Play that f****** bass John,” and he did.
The band played three encores, including an extended medley of “Wild Boys” blended with a cover of the classic Frankie Goes to Hollywood tune “Relax.” The band took their final bows nearly two hours after the show began, to a standing ovation that really had never ended from the moment the band stepped on the stage.
Duran Duran is alive and well, and Duranies in Los Angeles couldn't be happier about it.
Setlist
Before the Rain
Planet Earth
All You Need Is Now
A View to a Kill
Blame the Machines
Come Undone
Safe
The Reflex
Girl Panic!
Tiger Tiger
Careless Memories
Leave a Light On
The Man Who Stole a Leopard
Notorious
Hungry Like the Wolf
Sunrise
Encore
Ordinary World
Wild Boys / Relax
Rio
— L. Paul Mann is a Noozhawk contributing writer. Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
University of Chicago Booth School of Business alumna Amy Wallman, MBA'75, and alumnus Richard Wallman, MBA'74, have made a $75 million gift to the University, building upon their legacy of philanthropic support of students and faculty.
In recognition of this gift, Chicago Booth will name its academic high honors distinction after the Wallmans. This group of top students will be known as the Amy and Richard F. Wallman Scholars at Chicago Booth. The designation will be permanently bestowed upon graduating from MBA students who earn high honors at Booth, as well as all alumni who have already achieved this distinction.
“The University of Chicago Booth School of Business is a destination for the world's most promising business students and scholars,” said President Robert J. Zimmer. “We are deeply grateful for the Wallmans' gift, which will support our students and honor their accomplishments.”
The school plans to use the gift to support a number of initiatives, including scholarships for students in the full-time, evening, weekend and executive MBA programs. This will allow Booth to recruit from a broader and more diverse set of students and offer expanded financial assistance.
“We have great affection for the University of Chicago—the Booth School of Business is world-class, and we hope our gift makes it even better,” Amy Wallman said. “The Booth School is very special to us, not only because we met there,” Richard Wallman added, “but also because we have sponsored 26 scholarship recipients over the years and are delighted to have had a modest impact on these students' lives.”
After earning her MBA from Chicago Booth in 1975, Amy Wallman began her career at EY and retired as an audit partner in 2001; most recently, she was director at Omnicare from 2004 to 2015. Richard Wallman graduated from Booth in 1974 and began his career with the Ford Motor Company. He served as the chief financial officer and senior vice president of Honeywell International Inc., a diversified industrial technology and manufacturing company, and its predecessor AlliedSignal, from 1995 to 2003. Richard Wallman also served in senior financial positions with IBM and Chrysler Corporation.
“The transformative gift from Amy and Richard is a testament to their generosity and the endorsement of Chicago Booth's enduring strengths, in our programs and our extraordinary faculty,” said Booth Dean Madhav Rajan. “Maintaining and extending Booth's prominence in research and enhancing the impact of our ideas on the world by training tomorrow's leaders is essential for our continued success. The Wallman Scholars will be recognized as preeminent in this cadre of future leaders, modeling the potential and the spirit of their benefactors. I look forward to working with the Wallmans in using their gift to make the greatest impact.”
“The transformative gift from Amy and Richard is a testament to their generosity and the endorsement of Chicago Booth's enduring strengths, in our programs and our extraordinary faculty.” Madhav Rajan, dean of Chicago Booth
Funds from the gift also will be used to enhance Booth's co-curricular programming, faculty research and emerging priorities at the discretion of the dean.
“Amy and I were so impressed with Dean Rajan's vision for the school; we hope our gift will help advance that vision,” said Richard Wallman.
“This is a unique opportunity to make a difference in the careers of Chicago Booth students for generations to come and express our gratitude to those who have helped us,” Amy Wallman said. “Our parents were great role models to both of us; they gave us the confidence that we could accomplish anything.”
Richard Wallman also gave credit to Larry Bossidy, former chairman and CEO of Honeywell International Inc.
“Working for Larry Bossidy is the best thing that happened in my career—he's affected my life in so many positive ways,” Richard Wallman added. “We also wish to express our deep appreciation to our dear friends at Centerbridge Partners and Merrill Lynch, as they were key enablers of this gift.”
BME to Produce Over 30 Wildland Fire Apparatuses for CAL FIRE - Tag-On Opportunities Available
Contact
Adam Garrett
***@bmefire.com Adam Garrett
End
-- Sacramento, CA: The State of California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, best known as CAL FIRE, has awarded roughly $10 million to Boise Mobile Equipment (BME) for production of over thirty Type-III wildland firefighting apparatuses. "Tag-on" opportunities are available to California fire departments, which allow them to save time, money and effort in purchasing fire equipment and machinery."Tagging-on"is a common method used by fire departments during the purchasing process. Rather than undergo the traditional bidding process, which can often take up to a year, fire departments are able to "tag-on" to another department's purchase order, allowing them to add their own purchases to the existing order. By tagging on to BME's purchase order, fire departments are able to get their fire apparatus in a fast, efficient and cost-effective way.Boise Mobile Equipment is located in Boise, Idaho who has been servicing the nation's fire, police, and emergency response professionals since 1990. BME fire apparatuses are manufactured to perform in rough terrain and extreme firefighting conditions. BME is dedicated to providing departments with custom design options, superior craftsmanship, and rugged durability. BME offers various types of emergency vehicles including pumpers, tenders, rescues, Wildland Type 3's, 4's and 6's, and a variety of command vehicles. In addition, BME provides equipment and services to law enforcement with its command vehicles, complete up-fitting, and K-9 units.Aside from its work with CAL FIRE, BME has manufactured fire apparatus for the US Forest Service (USFS), Bureau of Land Management (BLM), National Park Service (NPS) and multiple municipal and county fire departments throughout the United States.For more information on Boise Mobile Equipment and its fire apparatuses, visit http://bmefire.com If your department is interested in tagging on, contact sales@bmefire.com or call 800-445-8342 to be connected with a factory sales representative.
Rather than look for negatives in his own side's performance, Luton boss Nathan Jones preferred to praise Notts County for their efforts during Saturday's 1-1 draw at Kenilworth Road.
The Hatters were held for the first time in the league on home soil after Shola Ameobi's strike for the visitors cancelled out Johnny Mullin's first half opener.
I could stand here as others have done to us and say we were embarrassing, we were this, we weren't. Nathan Jones
After clearly feeling Town haven't got the credit they deserve for a campaign which has seen them score seven twice and eight once so far, Jones said: “They got a point against us and the league says that we're the best in the league because we're top of the league, so it's not encouraging as I know what we can do, but I'm not going to be like other managers.
“When we've won sevens and threes here, people somehow find reasons why their team weren't at their best.
“No-one ever says Luton were a good side today, they were quality, no-one says that. I'm going to say that about Notts County as they're a difficult side to play against.
“They showed why they're there. You don't get 42 points from 21 games if you're not a good side and they showed they are.
“I thought it was two good sides going up against each other, probably cancelling each other out a little bit, so I'm not too disappointed.
“Yes I want to win every game, we try to win every game, and I was disappointed that we didn't show the type of form that we had, but there's more than just us not playing well, they must have contributed to that.
“I could stand here as others have done to us and say we were embarrassing, we were this, we weren't.
“We weren't fluent, we weren't at our best, but give credit to to Notts County as they came and they worked hard.
“They were very diligent, they defended and they stopped us playing, and so did we as we stopped them doing what they're good at.
“We had to compete, work hard and I'm relatively pleased as we stay top of the league, increase our lead to six points from fourth place, so it's not a bad effort.”
The visiting Magpies side was packed with experience, including Jon Stead and Ameobi upfront, along with both centre halves Richard Duffy and Shaun Brisley and after seeing them first hand, Jones wasn't surprised County are emerging as Luton's main title rivals.
He continued: “They showed why they're up there, they have real threats in Ameobi and Stead, experience at this level, they've had great careers and they're a handful, a real handful.
“Jorge Grant is one of the better footballers in this league, and they're rigid in what they do.
“They defend well, they work hard, they graft, to get 42 points from 21 games, it shows they're a good side and lets give that credit.
“But I thought it was two good sides going at it and it wasn't the entertaining clash in some ways that people would have anticipated, but it can't always be that.
“There were fantastic battles everywhere, they're reasonably direct Notts County, they get it into their front two early, and then they get it wide and put balls in your box.
“So we tried to defend our box fantastically well and we did that for most of the game.”
Although the Hatters only had two shots on target in the clash, both from Mullins, who might have won it late on when he was denied by keeper Ross Fitzimons, Jones still felt his side had created enough for victory.
He added: “Yes, we had two shots on target, but we had two glorious chances to win it late on.
“Johnny Mullins had a chance, Glen Rea had an ever better chance, it was right there, just an element of composure would have won us the game.
“Would that have been harsh on Notts County? Maybe. It's not a bad result, it keeps us top of the league and that's not the worst thing.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa midfielder Josh Onomah will have left Steve Bruce rubbing his hands with glee after scoring a stunning goal for England Under 21s against Scotland.
Onomah, on a season-long loan from Tottenham Hotspur, broke the deadlock in Middlesbrough with a goal of pure beauty.
The Scots cleared a corner as far as Onomah who chested the ball down before volleying past Ryan Fulton from 25 yards.
The goal put England in the box-seat in their European Under 21 Championship qualifier at the Riverside Stadium.
It was the 20-year-old's third goal for club and country this season.
He scored in Villa's 1-1 draw at Bristol City in August and also notched in the 4-0 thumping of Burton Albion last month.
Bruce is not the only one who hopes to see more of the same from Onomah in a Villa shirt.
"This'll do next week," Villa favourite Ian Taylor tweeted.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A gold gents wedding ring was found in Ballynahinch after a recent band parade.
An appeal has been issued through PSNI Down asking for its owner to reclaim the jewellery.
In the post they say: "Found Property
A gold gents wedding ring was found during a recent band parade in ballynahinch. If you believe this may belong to you please contact the duty sergeant at Downpatrick on 101."
WASHINGTON The United States said on Wednesday there are credible reports that Russia attempted to interfere in elections last October in Montenegro, which formally became a member of NATO this week.
The accusation came as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Russian officials in Moscow and as President Donald Trump prepared to meet NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg at the White House.
"We are very concerned about Russian interference in the October elections in Montenegro, including credible reports of Russian support for an attempted election day attack on the government," a senior White House official told reporters at a briefing ahead of Stoltenberg's visit.
The official said Washington supports efforts by Montenegrin authorities to investigate.
Trump signed ratification papers on Tuesday accepting Montenegro into the NATO alliance.
A special prosecutor in the former Yugoslav republic said in November a group of "Russian nationalists" had planned to assassinate Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic to get an opposition party into power.Moscow denied involvement in any plot, and Montenegrin opposition parties have said the plot was fabricated and accused Djukanovic of using the security services to help extend his quarter century of dominance.
The White House official said Montenegro's NATO membership will increase stability and security in the western Balkans.
"After meeting the rigorous standards to join the alliance Montenegro's accession will make clear that no third country has a veto over a country's sovereign decision to join NATO. So the door to membership in the Euro-Atlantic community of nations remains open," the official said.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
A new £1 million fund to tackle drug and crime will be set by the Labour West Midlands mayor if elected later this year.
It is the latest pledge from Labour candidate Siôn Simon who is placing the war on "everyday crime" at the centre of his campaign.
He is teaming up with the West Midlands Police Commissioner David Jamieson to put £1 million on the table for a new drugs and gangs task force if he is installed in the mayor's office in May.
Mr Simon will also demand new powers from London to tackle the scourge of crime.
He said: "Unreported gang and drug-related crimes, or so-called everyday crime, needn't be a reality for us.
"But we can't rely on politicians in London who tell us crime isn't going up.
"Because, for many people I speak to across the West Midlands, that couldn't be further from the truth.
"With a new West Midlands mayor, someone from here who understands the problems that we face, we can finally do something about it. It's time for us to get tough on crime."
He said the task force would limit the supply of young people to gangs and drug dealers by creating initiatives and activities to prevent them being tempted by a life of crime.
He said: "We need to find diversions for these at-risk young people before they are drawn into gangs and crime."
Last week, he also pledged to defend police numbers in the region.
Police commissioner David Jamieson set up a gangs and violence commission to look into the issue and the task force will follow through on its recommendations.
Mr Simon is one of five candidates currently bidding to become West Midlands mayor.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is en route to the White House to advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence in prison.
That's according to a person familiar with the visit who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss it publicly.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon 62-year-old Alice Marie Johnson, serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offense.
She's been in touch with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser. He oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system.
Advertisement
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with President Donald Trump, but the president often invites visitors into the Oval Office.
She tweeted Wednesday, "Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you."
BEIJING, April 13 China, the world's top soybean buyer, imported 19.52 million tonnes of the oilseeds in the first quarter of 2017, up 20 percent from the same period last year, figures from the General Administration of Customs of China showed on Thursday.
China bought 7.66 million tonnes of soybeans in January and 5.54 million tonnes of the oilseeds in February, customs data showed. (Reporting by Hallie Gu and Dominique Patton; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
Hannah Stephenson looks at barbecues through the ages, from the first kettle models to the high-tech gourmet griddles of today.
It's barbecue season, when budding chefs – often in novelty aprons, tongs at the ready – fire up the barbie to cook everything from basic sausages, ribs and chicken drumsticks to more adventurous griddled veg, goat kebabs and lobster burgers.
Yet, a few decades ago, it took an age to light the barbecue. You'd be covered in soot from the charcoal, bellows at the ready, and all you would have at the end was inedible blackened sausages and scorched burgers.
Like the food, barbecues have changed over the years – from the early kettle models, to the brick-built DIY projects of the 70s, to the stainless steel altars to gastronomy they have become today.
Barbecue history
“Despite looking fairly similar, the barbecue as we know it has gone on quite a journey,” says Vinny Iaciofano, outdoor buying manager at Argos, which is currently celebrating its 45th anniversary.
Barbecues for sale in the 1987 Argos catalogue (Argos/PA)
“From barbecue pits post World War Two, to the kettle barbecue which fed us in the 60s and 70s, through to the 80s which saw the rise of the larger outdoor cooking units we see today.
“What has changed dramatically is the choice available, whether that be charcoal, gas or electric barbecues or briquettes, fire starters and smoking wood.”
1950s
George Stephen, pioneer of the kettle barbecue (Weber/PA)
After his attempts at cooking on a brick fireplace barbecue resulted in the food going up in flames because he couldn't control the fire, George Stephen, a welder from Chicago, decided to take action.
He was working at Weber Brothers Metal Works where they made buoys for the Chicago harbour system. Half spheres of steel would be welded together to make a buoy and Stephen took one of the half spheres, put legs on it, punched holes in the bottom to get air moving through and put a lid on top. That was how the first kettle barbecue evolved.
François Lepeltier, Weber country manager UK and Ireland, recalls: “When our founder, George Stephen, invented the first Weber kettle in 1952, he was looking for a grill that would allow him to create great-tasting food for his family.
The original Kettle from 1952 (Weber/PA)
By adding a lid and vents he discovered he could control air flow, maintaining a constant cooking temperature for outstanding results.
“This concept of lid-on cooking revolutionised charcoal barbecuing, and holds true today with all Weber grills, banishing the notion that barbecue food is burnt on the outside and raw in the middle.”
1960s
Same Kettle – different setting (Weber/PA)
The kettle barbecue remained the same essentially, although it was embellished with different colours, handles and frames to persuade the public that cooking al fresco was the way to go.
Meanwhile, the Arkansas Louisiana Gas Company redesigned a charcoal grill to run on bottled propane in an effort to get customers to buy more natural gas. It was more expensive, but new customers found it easier to use.
1970s and 80s
Brick-built barbecues were all the rage in the 70s (Thinkstock/PA)
As DIY stores came into their own, brick-built barbecues became the griddles of choice in the 70s. You could make them to measure, as long as the griddle would fit across, and they would last for years. The only disadvantage was they weren't portable.
While purists continued to use charcoal to cook their food, gas barbecues were ‘exploding' on to the market and slowly but surely rectangular replaced round and lava rocks were inserted into gas grills – but the rocks were porous, absorbing fat and would eventually flare up.
Genesis gas barbecue from 1985 (Weber/PA)
In the mid-80s Weber introduce ‘Flavorizer' bars into its new Genesis gas barbecue – angled pieces of metal above the burners. The juices and fats dripping on to these bars vaporised, creating a smoky barbecue flavour, and with the lid down the smokiness was infused into the food.
And now
New state-of-the-art barbecue heaters (Chesneys/PA)
Things have come full circle with open-air dining, as barbecues merge with outdoor heaters to become one.
On point are firepits, huge authentic Indian firebowls made from recycled steel with accompanying barbecue racks, and snazzy outdoor heaters which double up as a barbecue but funnel the smoke out so you don't end up smelling like a bonfire. All come at a price.
Indian fire bowls appeared at this year's RHS Chelsea Flower Show (Hannah Stephenson/PA)
The technological advances have also been immense, enabling chefs to cook everything from a full English breakfast, to a roast chicken, with thermometers which allow you to monitor the progress of your food from an app.
Kettle barbecue from 1965 (Weber/PA)
But for some, the kettle barbecue will forever remain a favourite.
© Press Association 2018
Access to art for all is focus for Joanna Pinsky, Art Encounter and Bob Hiebert, PrintworksGallery Art Impacts: Honoring the Legacy of Printworks, will honor the legacy of Bob Hiebert and the late Sid Block
Media Contact
Donna Bliss
8473289222
***@artencounter.org Donna Bliss8473289222
End
-- Fw: From: ENERI Communications info@enericom.netContact: Donna Bliss, Art EncounterE-mail: donna@artencounter.orgTel: (847) 328-9222Website: www.artencounter.orgFor Immediate ReleaseAccess to art for all is focus for Joanna Pinsky, Art Encounter and Bob Hiebert, PrintworksGalleryChicago, IL- – Both Joanna Pinsky and Bob Hiebert have been major figures in the art world for over 35 years. Each of them have created successful businesses in the arts, and done tremendous good through programs that empower people of diverse ages and backgrounds through interactive programs that nurture an appreciation of contemporary visual art. Their collaboration is celebrated at the Art Encounter gala.Art Impacts: Honoring the Legacy of Printworks, will honor the legacy of Bob Hiebert and the late Sid Block at this year's annual gala slated for April 30, 2:30 – 5:30 PM at Ovation, an event space located at 2324 W Fulton St, Chicago."Sid and I believe in taking the high road, the view is always nicer."Bob Hiebert, Printworks GalleryBob Hiebert and the late Sid Blockdeveloped a venerable reputation in the art world running Printworks Gallery over the last 36 years. Their ambitiously themed group shows,vision and dedication to works on paper has inspired and motivated a generation of artists. The gala offersprestigious artists the opportunity to give back to Sid and Bob through donations of their work to the Art Encounter auction. The art auctionis a highlight of the Gala, featuringnames such as Wifredo Lam, Hebru Brantley, Barbara Crane , Tony Fitzpatrick, John Himmelfarb and Yang Yang as well as the lesser known artists that Bob and Sid loved to bring main-stream."Art is a means for social change and everyone should have access to thatmeans." Joanna Pinsky, Art EncounterThis event raises funds to support the Art Encounter Education and Community Outreach programs that are the heart of the organization's mission. The programs empower people of diverse ages and backgrounds through interactive programs that nurture an appreciation of contemporary visual art. In 2016, Art Encounter served 28 classrooms in 9 schools, and senior programs in 8 facilities in metropolitan Chicago. The program focuses on discussing original artworks, embracing individual perceptions, and celebrating multiple perspectives, while using hands-onworkshops to build confidence and a deeper understanding of the artistic process.The high ceilings and natural light at Ovation Event Space is the ideal backdrop for the priceless artwork in the auction. The acoustics lend themselves to the swinging sounds of the Roosevelt Jazz Ensemble. Culinary light bites from LM Catering will delight everyone's palate, washed down with fine wine and spirits.The Art Encounter gala will also include hands on participation in the classroom responding to the key question "How does art Impact you?" Using the work by a celebrated artist, teaching artists, will ask that question as a springboard for discussion. Students will then draw and write about the impact the art has on them. Guests at the gala will also be engaged in an interactive art activity answering the same question.There will be a raffle and the chance to bid on and win our popular Mystery Bags giving everyone the chance to be inspired, motivated and have their very own art encounter.Art Impacts: Honoring the Legacy of Printworks | Sunday, April 30, 2017 | Art Encounter
(Adds detail from ASN letters, EDF replies)
PARIS, March 31 French nuclear regulator ASN on Friday published extracts of a decade's worth of correspondence in which it raised safety concerns about Areva's nuclear foundry Creusot Forge.
Commercial production at the foundry has been halted since late 2016 after ASN discovered manufacturing flaws and forgery of tracking documentation. Two of state utility EDF's reactors have been halted for months following the discovery of problems with components manufactured by Creusot Forge.
The publication follows a report by radio station France Inter which said EDF and its supplier Areva had allowed Creusot Forge to manufacture the base and cover for the reactor vessel in Flamanville, despite ASN's warnings.
In the first of several documents published by ASN on Friday, a Dec. 12, 2005, letter to EDF highlights manufacturing problems at the foundry which the regulator said raised questions about the quality of its work. It also urged EDF to closely monitor safety rules there. Some of that documentation had been published earlier on ASN's website.
Despite several more warnings in following years, Creusot Forge manufactured the Flamanville parts, which were installed in the reactor in 2014. In 2015, Areva finally discovered that there was a problem with excessive carbon concentrations in the components. Such concentrations can weaken steel.
The ASN now needs to rule on whether the reactor - which is due to be completed late next year - could function safely despite these weak spots. The ASN on Friday said it would rule on the issue "this summer", pushing back an earlier deadline for a ruling by mid-2007.
EDF head of new nuclear Xavier Ursat told Reuters on Thursday he was confident ASN would declare the Flamanville reactor safe.
Getting the ASN's green light is crucial for EDF, because a negative ruling would mean years of more delay and billions of extra costs for the reactor. It would also scupper EDF's planned takeover of the reactor unit of Areva, as a clean bill of health for Flamanville 3 was a condition for the deal.
Areva is being restructured and recapitalised by the French state after years of losses wiped out its equity.
Following an early 2006 visit to the foundry, the regulator described numerous anomalies at the Creusot site and again urged EDF and Areva to better oversee the plant.
EDF answered in August 2006 that corrective action had been taken, but ASN said a month later that EDF's responses were not satisfactory.
ASN said that in 2012 its director had spoken to Creusot Forge staff about the need to improve its safety culture. Following a new inspection in October 2012, the regulator again warned in writing about quality issues and the need for the foundry to update its skills.
Two years lager, Areva sent its first warnings to the ASN about unsatisfactory resilience tests on the Flamanville components. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq; Editing by Andrew Callus and Mark Potter)
As a parent, you're always looking out for your child's well-being. However, it can be difficult to tell if your son or daughter is suffering from an eating disorder because he or she likely won't disclose that anything is wrong. But your parental instincts tell you otherwise.
Look for the following four signs if you're worried your child might be suffering from anTeenage Eating Disorders:
1. Developing odd food habits
While everyone has their own eating habits, individuals with an ED typically develop specific peculiar ones. During your next family dinner, pay attention to what your child is eating and how.
Children with an ED usually slice their food into smaller portions, Psychology Today explained. They'll also consume large amounts of condiments like ketchup or soy sauce instead of substantial food items.
Your child may also have an ED if he or she cuts out an entire food category for no apparent reason, although you have to be careful to not mistake this decision as a path toward vegetarianism.
2. Increase in anxiety
Children developing an ED normally display higher levels of anxiety than you're used to seeing as a parent, usually when they're around food. They may object to eating more vocally than you're used to.
But how do you know if an ED is causing anxiety? Your child may display unusual behaviors before or after noticeable changes in weight. If your child starts obsessing over food and weight, particularly in public, it could be a sign of anorexia.
3. Obsession over exercise
Children with an ED usually develop an obsession surrounding their weight and body image. If your child is compulsive about exercise, it could be because of an ED, Psych Central advised. But you'll have to be careful not to mistake a love for fitness with exercise driven by an ED.
Exercise, coupled with decreased food intake, can be harmful to your child's health. Additionally, strenuous exercise lasting more than one hour every day isn't normal. An obsession with exercise can be linked to greater anxiety — children, who panic over missing exercise, even when hurt or tired, may have an ED, according to the Anxiety and Depression Society of America.
4. Fluctuations in weight
Signs of an early stage ED center around weight gain and loss. Children normally add weight through their early adolescent years and into early adulthood. If your child is growing but not adding weight, it could be because of an ED.
Weight loss is also a worrisome sign, especially if your son or daughter is always talking about the need to lose weight. An ED may actually worsen because children feel they need to continually shed weight.
The above signs are just a few signals your child might be developing an ED. As a parent, be on the lookout for such indicators, so you can help your daughter or son overcomes an ED.
If you know someone who is dealing with aBinge Eating Disorder, call Fairwinds Eating Disorders Treatment Center. Dr. Pauline Powers specialize in eating disorder or Bulimia Nervosa Treatment and embodies the same values Fairwinds Treatment Center has had for over 25 years: focusing on the whole patient. Here, you can rest assured that your loved one is in capable, compassionate hands.
Fairwinds Treatment Center
1569 S. Ft. Harrison Ave, Clearwater, Florida, 33756
(727) 449-0300
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
While I acknowledge the progress made between the UK and EU in the negotiations, significant differences and questions remain unresolved regarding the maintenance of an open border between Northern Ireland and Ireland.
In many respects, the parties have only agreed to reach an agreement on this matter. The acknowledgment of some agreement of some components of a future deal relating to Ireland belies the continued absence of agreement on the core contradictions in the UK government position.
Therefore, it is hard to see how this issue has been significantly advanced from the EU-UK Joint Report from December 2017.
While it is encouraging both sides remain committed to this text and its associated objectives, there is still no indication the UK government has reached any understanding of what is required to turn this into practice.
The central trilemma remains. The UK is simultaneously committed to an open border in Ireland, to leaving both the single market and the customs union, and opposing special arrangements for Northern Ireland. The hopes of a technical solution within a realistic timescale have been increasingly debunked, including most recently by the NI Affairs Committee.
It is increasingly clear it is only through the UK as whole remaining in a customs union and at least Northern Ireland in the single market that physical borders can be avoided within these islands.
Today's draft agreement on transitional arrangements is supposed to give businesses some degree of short-term reassurance. However, as long as there remains uncertainty over the Irish border question, this poses a risk the transition arrangements could unravel alongside the rest of the withdrawal treaty.
Stephen Farry MLA, Alliance Brexit spokesperson
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may have ended more than 70 years ago, but our fascination with World War II remains as strong as ever.
Now, in tribute to those who fought in and endured the brutal conflict, HISTORY is to launch a series of programmes under the title of ‘World War True', aimed at capturing the attention of history buffs and channel surfers alike.
One incredible story which has come to light in the season, which kicks off on October 9, involves Polish doctor Eugene Lazowski and his friend Dr Stanislaw Matulewicz.
The duo saved more than 8,000 Jewish people by injecting them with a fake typhus vaccine so they would test positive for the virus.
The ‘outbreak' kept Nazi forces away, saving thousands from deportation to concentration camps.
Another amazing real-life story features Karola Koschwitz, a Hungarian woman who was part of the Special Operations Executive (SEO).
She hid Canadian agent Joseph J. Gelleny, aka Joe Gordon, in her attic, right under the noses of the German forces who took over two rooms of her apartment and turned them into their personal headquarters.
Viewers also learn how a hoard of more than 14,000 dog tags, including those of prisoners of war, and soldiers involved in the Normandy landings were found buried beside an anti-aircraft battery near London earlier this year.
The tags were found near to a disused factory where they were manufactured.
These are just some of the jaw-dropping highlights of the season, which starts on October 9, which includes the world premiere of WW2 Treasure Hunters.
The programme sees Madness frontman Suggs and relic-seeker Stephen Taylor, above, go in search of forgotten treasures – and the UK premiere of spy series X Company.
Set during the Second World War, this gripping espionage drama follows a group of young recruits torn from their ordinary lives to train as agents at a top-secret camp.
So, for a modern take on a world-changing event, be sure to tune in to World War True season on HISTORY.
It could alter the way you view the past, forever.
HEAR THE SOUNDS OF WWII
Visit WW2 House Live at www.facebook.com/HISTORYUK on Sunday 8th October from 3-9pm to immerse yourself in a unique broadcast of six years of war in six hours - from wartime scenes to the sounds of British life in the 1940s.
You'll also be encouraged to share your own family's war stories using Facebook Live comments, some of which will be voiced by actors during the transmission.
FILE PHOTO - Pumpjacks taken out of production temporarily stand idle at a Hess site while new wells are fracked near Williston, North Dakota November 12, 2014. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - Eighteen oil pumpjacks are seen on a Hess well pad near Tioga, North Dakota April 30, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Cullen/File Photo
HOUSTON North Dakota oil production will get a shot in the arm next month as a pipeline comes online despite opposition by environmental groups and Native Americans, allowing the energy industry to save at least $540 million in annual shipping costs.
The Dakota Access Pipeline gives the state's producers cheaper access to refineries and other customers on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Market players said they expect this will hasten a revival of output from the Bakken region which fell sharply along with global oil prices during the past two years.
"We're back to growth in the Bakken," Hess Corp (HES.N) Chief Executive Officer John Hess said in a recent interview. The New York-based company has contracts to send roughly half its daily North Dakota output through DAPL. For 2017, Hess has said its Bakken production could grow more than 10 percent.
President Donald Trump approved the $3.7 billion pipeline in February, reversing the prior administration which had blocked it last December with a decision by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP.N), which operates the 1,100 mile (1,770 km) long DAPL, has begun filling the line with crude and could reach full operating capacity by late April, based on industry estimates.
DAPL "will provide a safer, more environmentally responsible and more cost-effective transportation system to move crude across this country as opposed to truck or rail," said ETP spokeswoman Vicki Granado.
The pipeline will carry about 500,000 barrels of oil per day, more than half of North Dakota's daily output, cutting reliance on riskier rail-cars and reducing transport cost by roughly $3 to $5 per barrel, analysts estimate.
That should help level the playing field between Bakken producers and rivals in other U.S. shale plays, many of which are closer to refineries and other customers.
"Economics for drilling in the Bakken will look better because of DAPL," Rusty Braziel of RBN Energy consultants in Houston, said in an interview.
The state's drilling rig count has jumped 40 percent since early February, when Trump gave final approval to the pipeline. By the end of the year, analysts expect the rig count to rise another 10 percent or more.
DAPL's opponents say they will continue to oppose the line and oil production across North Dakota, which pumps more crude each day than any state but Texas.
"Just because oil flow is pending does not mean that it cannot be stopped by court order, and we have a strong, ongoing case in front of the courts," said David Archambault II, chairman of North Dakota's Standing Rock Sioux tribe, which lives adjacent to the line.
OUTLOOK
Transportation savings from DAPL are a key factor oil companies are considering when deciding whether to boost production, executives, analysts and investors said.
Hess plans to triple the number of drilling rigs it operates in North Dakota this year. The company will move the 30 percent of its existing Bakken production from rail to pipeline once DAPL opens.
Oasis Petroleum Inc (OAS.N), another large Bakken producer, said its 2017 output could rise more than 30 percent. DAPL "is definitely going to give us more options to get our product to market," Oasis Chief Executive Officer Tommy Nusz said in an interview.
Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL.N), the state's largest oil producer, does not contract for space on DAPL, nor does Continental Resources Inc (CLR.N), the second-largest.
But Continental expects DAPL to ease a transport bottleneck out of the state and open room on other pipelines, allowing it to stop using rail.
Both Whiting and Continental have projected production to rise more than 20 percent this year. The companies did not respond to requests for comment.
North Dakota's oil production fell 13 percent in the last 12 months for which data are available to about 980,000 barrels per day (bpd) due to low prices. While the expected jump in 2017 output likely won't return output to its 2015 peak, it could help statewide production again rise above 1 million barrels per day.
Another reason for rising production is that higher prices have prompted many companies to hedge, or sell forward, some of their output, which bolsters confidence. Whiting and Oasis, for example, have hedged more than half of 2017 production.
But the state's producers say that DAPL's opening, after months of uncertainty, gives them confidence they can ship their product to market.
"We have to have a more pragmatic approach to infrastructure development in this country," said Hess.
(Reporting by Ernest Scheyder; Editing by Gary McWilliams and David Gregorio)
It's official! K-Pop stars BTS will be performing during the Billboard Music Awards. In fact, the performance will mark the world TV premiere of a new single from the insanely popular band.
They're familiar with the Billboard Music Awards. The group stole the show during last year's ceremony when they beat out pop stars like Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez to win the Top Social Artist of the year.
This will not mark the band's first performance during an American awards show. The group actually performed during the 2017 American Music Awards.
As we reported yesterday, Shawn Mendes, Dua Lipa, and Camila Cabello will also perform during the show. More performers are expected to be announced in the coming weeks. Additionally, Kelly Clarkson will be hosting this year's show.
The 2018 Billboard Music Awards, which will take place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, will air live on NBC on May 20. The live telecast begins at 8pm ET/5pm PT.
Some of the Philippines' biggest cities will become future economic hubs and help relieve the pressure on Metro Manila, a top official of engineering design firm Aecom said on Tuesday.
At the Asia Real Estate Summit in Manila, Aecom Country Representative Arnel Casanova identified these cities as Cebu, Davao, Zamboanga, Cagayan de Oro, Baguio, and Vigan, saying these are on the rise because of several developments there.
According to him, the government's “Build Build Build” infrastructure program will help develop the potential of other areas in the country.
“With the ‘Build Build Build' projects of the government, opportunities will be created in different regions,” said Casanova, a former Bases Conversion and Development Authority (BCDA) CEO.
“We are now moving toward connecting secondary cities and providing opportunities there as Metro Manila becomes denser,” he added.
Touted at the Duterte administration's flagship program, the P9-trillion Build Build Build aims to improve the country's transport systems, roads and bridges, airports, and seaports.
It also seeks to improve flood control, communication and information systems, and job creation.
“The way forward for the Philippine cities is the infrastructure development that would increase the mobility of people and goods,” Casanova said.
“This connectivity could be through seaports [and]bridges that our government [is]planning to [build]. Airports are happening: [the one in]Clark is being developed, [and Cebu's]is about to be completed,” he added.
New seaports are about to be finished, too, the Aecom official said.
He reminded the government, however, that when “we do infrastructure, we not only think of connecting one business district to another.”
“We should connect the community to the central business district, and eventually to airports and seaports,” he said.
PALMETTO BAY, Fla. (WSVN) – Two construction workers, who were dangling in the air off the side of a building in Palmetto Bay, are now safe.
Just after 9 a.m., Miami-Dade Fire Rescue received a call of two workers in distress after a scaffold fell. 7Skyforce was over the scene at 18001 Old Culter Road, Tuesday morning, where both workers were dangling from the side of the building.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue said both workers were secured by the ropes in their harnesses during the rescue.
Both workers have since been lowered to safety. No injuries have been reported since the rescue.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TOKYO, Aug 14 (Reuters) - Japan's economy expanded at an annualised rate of 4.0 percent in April-June, posting a sixth straight quarter of expansion led by private consumption and capital expenditure, government data showed on Monday.
That marked the fastest pace of growth since January-March 2015.
The preliminary reading for second-quarter gross domestic product (GDP) compared with a median estimate for a 2.5 percent annualised increase in a Reuters poll of economists.
It followed a revised 1.5 percent annualised rate of expansion in the prior quarter, Cabinet Office data showed.
On a quarter-on-quarter basis, GDP rose 1.0 percent, against a 0.6 percent rise expected by economists.
For more background, see this PREVIEW
To view the full tables, go to the Cabinet Office's website:
here (Reporting by Stanley White; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
TIMMINS -
Love was alive and well at the Extendicare in Timmins this past Valentine's Day as one of its resident couples is approaching their 70th wedding anniversary.
Eighty-eight-year-old Dora Brosko and 97-year-old Mike Brosko reside in rooms side-by-side at the nursing home, and have been married since June 22, 1941.
The couple is closing in on their 70th year of marriage together, but say they don't necessarily have big plans this year.
The couple likes to keep things simple, they said, noting that they will likely just spend their time together rather than having a big party or event to commemorate the anniversary.
They do both have a love for McDonald's and for A&W burgers and onion rings, they pointed out, and said they would likely try to enjoy a meal from one of the establishments sometime soon as a treat.
The Broskos met all those years ago in Timmins, when Mike was working as a miner and Dora's mother was working a cook in the same area where Mike was working.
The pair were together a lot in those days, before breaking up for years and then reconnecting when running into each other on the street some time later.
The couple has been together ever since, moving from city to city doing various jobs – including decades on a family farm in New Liskeard.
“I worked all over, when I get a job, I'd take it, I'd work steady,” Mike said, talking about his time as a miner, his long career as a farmer and the numerous other odd jobs he did along the way.
“He's a bit of a workaholic,” his wife said, laughing. “Work is his happy thing and as long as he works, he's happy.”
The couple also have three sons together and eventually returned back to Timmins.
When asked if they have any advice to give to young couples preparing to get married, Mike said to try to avoid fighting with each other even when things get tough.
He also said there is no magic recipe to having a successful marriage, but rather, that you have to take things one step at a time and learn as you go.
“They just have to learn themselves — nobody has told me — you'll just live it and find out,” he advised.
Vehicular movement along the Narayangadh-Muglin road section has been halted following landslides at Tope Khola and Kalikhola in Ichchhakamana Rural Municipality-6 of Chitwan district.
The landslides occurred at Tope Khola between Charkilo and PanchKilo, and Kali Khola, at around 5.30 am and 8:30 am respectively, blocking the road, according to police.
According to Narayangadh-Muglin road project Engineer Shiva Khanal, it might take 4 to 5 hours to clear the landslide debris completely from the road surface. The road may come in full operation after 5:00 pm today, the engineer said.
Meanwhile, it is being arranged to open a one-way traffic movement by 1:00 pm as hundreds of passengers, commuters to and from Tarai, Kathmandu and Pokhara are stranded in the vehicular obstruction reports The Himalayan Times.
It is reported that the mudslides are still taking place amidst showers at present.
April 3 United Therapeutics Corp:
* United Therapeutics-regulatory delays will result in postponement of planned U.S. launch of remosynch implantable system for remodulin until 2018
* United therapeutics - in order to launch remosynch in U.S, medtronic and co have been pursuing parallel regulatory filings relating to device and drug Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — Dutch police say they shot and wounded a man who was standing on the balcony of a residential apartment block and reportedly was waving an ax and shouting "Allahu akbar."
In a series of tweets, Rotterdam police say the shooting happened early Wednesday afternoon in Schiedam when police tried unsuccessfully to calm the man. When an arrest team entered the apartment, the man attempted to attack them and injured a police dog.
Police say they are investigating the man's background. His identity was not released.
The confrontation came a day after a man in Belgium attacked and killed two female police officers and fatally shot a passer-by.
Crude oil is indeed a volatile instrument which can show striking movements within short periods of time. While volatile instruments can at times be dangerous, if you are aware of what you are doing and can understand crude oil trading signals, you have a chance to make a lot of money with it.
1. Crude Oil Lot Size
In crude oil trade, a minimum trade size is typically a 10-barrel contract. But some brokers offer a 1-barrel contract as well. However, this doesn't occur very commonly.
A 10-barrel crude oil position would cost $500 to open, at a price of $50 a barrel, if you have no access to leverage.
Some brokers provide 1:500 leverage on crude, the meaning of which is that just one dollar of your equity is engaged in opening a 10-barrel position.
However, the right crude oil trading strategy is to have extra equity to maintain the position once you open the oil trade since any floating loss should be supported by free (available) margin. Right after you've opened a crude oil trading position, a floating loss will occur at around 5 pips, which is the spread.
1 barrel of oil is 42 gallons (i.e. around 159 liters).
2. Pip Value
Most trading platforms think of a crude oil pip to be $0.01. The meaning of this is that a $1 change in the oil price is equal to 100 pips.
Let's take an example of a 10-barrel contract. 10 barrels' x $0.01 = $0.10. This is the pip value for trading accounts shown in US dollar.
This pip value remains always the same since crude oil and US dollar are paired up and the dollar is the ‘quote currency' in the ‘pair'.
3. Calculation of Profit and Loss
You can understand calculating profits made on crude oil trading signals from a simple example. The fastest way to calculate your profit is multiplying the number of barrels you purchased by the difference between the price at which you entered and your take profit.
Thus, if you purchased 140 crude oil barrels at $50 and your take profit is $53.75,
$53.75 – $50.00 = a profit of $3.75. Multiply this by 140 barrels and your profit is $525.
4. Instruments Interrelated to Crude Oil
The prices of oil considerably affect the currencies of certain countries that largely depend on oil production and exports. A good example of this is Canada which exports most of its petroleum to the US. So, the Canadian dollar is normally highly correlated to the traded oil price. An abrupt rise or fall in the oil price can be easily seen in the USD/CAD exchange rate and also in rates of other pairs with Canadian dollars.
You should remember these basic crude oil trading tips so that you can succeed in the trade.
https://bit.ly/2qUm3M4
April 13 (Reuters) -
* G1 Therapeutics Inc files for IPO of up to $115 million
* G1 Therapeutics Inc says it has applied to list its common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol “GTHX”
* G1 Therapeutics Inc - J.P. Morgan, Cowen and Co, Needham & Co, Wedbush Pacgrow are underwriters to IPO Source text: (bit.ly/2pdVcci)
With a strong desire, both to see the Himalayas and challenge herself mentally and physically, in November 2016 Thompsons' Human Resources Manager, Zoe McKane set off on an unforgettable journey to Everest base camp.
Building on a long term relationship between Thompsons and Marie Curie, Zoe decided to raise funds through raffles and various events held at York Road, which combined with Zoe's ‘Just Giving' page and support from Thompsons, raised over £6,500.
After 12 months training around Belfast carrying the equivalent of a bag of horse feed on her back, in all weather conditions, Zoe was ready to fly to Nepal for what was to prove to be an emotional journey.
Zoe explained: “Having left my three young sons in Northern Ireland, when I flew into Kathmandu and viewed the Himalayas for the first time, the enormity of the challenge began to sink in.
“I had received such wonderful support from my friends and colleagues, so I felt a huge responsibility to those that were giving me financial and emotional investment to complete this mission.
“Over the course of 12 days we trekked 150km at high altitude to reach base camp. At several points I wasn't sure whether I would make it, but the support of the wonderful people of Nepal and thoughts of those at home kept me going through the amazing scenery on particularly tough days.”
Everyone at Thompsons is very proud of Zoe's achievement and would like to thank all that supported her to achieve this incredible personal and financial goal.
Twin Shadow, "Caer" (Warner Bros./Reprise)
For someone who was likely only in the first or second grade when the 1980s ended, George Lewis Jr. seems to have been powerfully affected by that decade's sonic landscape.
Lewis, whose stage name is Twin Shadow, has embraced drum machines, synths and the wild earnestness of '80s pop. It got away from him on his 2015 album "Eclipse," an over-the-top, slow burning collection of pure bombast.
Twin Shadow has toned it down on his new fourth album, "Caer," but it's never far, lurking. The album, titled after the Spanish word for "to fall," is always one flourish away from falling into disaster. It's a mixed bag but one that clearly shows growth and a way out of the shadows.
Advertisement
"Brace," featuring Rainsford, with its throwback spacy keyboard, is easily the album's outstanding track, a perfect collision of the songwriter's influences. It's rooted in the '80s but still sounds fresh, adding a guitar solo and name-checking Tom Petty.
"Saturdays," with the ladies from Haim stopping by to add their positively sunny sound, feels like it could play during the end credits of a John Hughes movie. It's a winner. But the flatulent "18 Years" ultimately fails, sounding like a cut that didn't make the "Say Anything" soundtrack.
The tender "Little Woman" gets overwhelmed by production elements, a frequent issue that pops up on "Caer." Many songs try too hard to be weighty and sound like they've been arranged for an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical.
The album's cover image is unintentionally apt. It shows someone covering their face with their hands, as if acknowledging they've wasted a chance. "I'm too mixed up," Twin Shadow warns us on the album, and you believe him.
Even the spare and pretty interlude "Twins Theme" is marred by clumsy rain sounds. And why halfway through "Obvious People" does the song warp and the vocals sped up, resembling Chipmunks?
Twin Shadow is listed as the producer or co-producer — as well as a mixer — on every song on the album. It might be time for him to relinquish some control or he's going to keep free falling like Tom Petty.
______
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Annastacia Palaszczuk faces a backlash after announcing a stand would be named after a politician. Picture: AAP Image/Dave Hunt
Annastacia Palaszczuk faces a backlash after announcing a stand would be named after a politician. Picture: AAP Image/Dave Hunt
FOOTBALL fans and players have derided Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk's controversial "captain's call" to name a grandstand at Suncorp Stadium after politician Terry Mackenroth.
But Ms Palaszczuk maintains fans need to appreciate the work the former deputy premier did in building Suncorp Stadium before they question the decision, which did not go to Cabinet.
A poll of more than 2000 couriermail.com.au readers revealed 76 per cent believed a sporting legend should have a stand named after them before a politician, while 50 per cent singled out Maroons legend Wally Lewis as the most suitable candidate.
Annastacia Palaszczuk faces a backlash after announcing a stand would be named after a politician. Picture: Tara Croser
Ms Palaszczuk attempted to deflect discussion on the issue by announcing a bronze statue of Allan Langer would be built outside the stadium during a press conference at manufacturing site yesterday.
It comes after the Queensland Rugby League board wrote to the Government to say the former Broncos halfback would be their preference to be immortalised.
Terry Mackenroth was honoured at Suncorp Stadium with a minute's silence after his death in April.
She denied claims from the Opposition that the decision was a "captain's call", claiming it was made in consultation with Sports Minister Mick de Brenni and signed off by the former Stadiums Queensland board - which the Government sensationally replaced last week.
"Honestly, I don't know what all of the fuss is about; honestly, we wouldn't have Suncorp Stadium if it wasn't for Terry," she said.
"Let me make it very clear - my understanding is it is one panel and it will say the Terry Mackenroth stand. It is not a monument, but everyone who attends Suncorp Stadium, in fact Suncorp Stadium would not have been built if it wasn't for Terry. I think it is a fitting tribute, and as I said, I think this is a bit of a storm in a teacup - it is seriously one panel."
Reader poll Should a stand at Suncorp Stadium be named for politician Terry Mackenroth before a sporting legend? Yes
No Vote View Results
Rugby league players were split on the decision, with Queensland hooker Andrew McCullough, whose family shared a connection with Terry Mackenroth, saying he was pleased to see him honoured at the stadium.
"It's very sad to have lost him but we should celebrate what he did for a lot of people in Queensland - not just in rugby league. If Suncorp wants to honour him, that would be great," he said.
Queensland halfback Ben Hunt said he believed the naming of stands should be reserved for greats who have played there.
"If you're going to name a rugby league stadium or a stand after someone, it needs to be after one of the greats who have played there. There have definitely been a lot who have played for the Broncos and Queensland there. I don't see why it shouldn't be one of them," he said.
Queensland Rugby League boss Bruce Hatcher said Mr Mackenroth had masterminded the construction of the modern stadium and deserved the honour.
"Players play the game, that's fantastic, but there's a hell of a lot that goes on behind the scenes," Mr Hatcher said.
"There were a lot of proponents who said that stadium shouldn't be there, it should be demolished and moved.
"For what was created there it's outstanding and why wouldn't you recognise the individual who drove its development?"
Terry Mackenroth runs his eye over progress at the Suncorp Stadium redevelopment site back in December 2002.
Deputy Opposition Leader Tim Mander hit out at Ms Palaszczuk's decision to use the opportunity to announce that a statue for Langer had been decided upon.
"I think mentioning Alfie Langer today was incredibly disrespectful of Alf and a classic Labor Party tactic, which are we need a diversion, we need another shiny ball to take the attention away from that," he told 4BC radio.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Automotive Steering Wheel Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Toyoda Gosei Co Ltd., TRW Sun Steering Wheels Pvt. Ltd., Autoliv, Rane TRW, Takata Corporation, Emden Engineer, KSS Abhishek.
The report begins with introducing the global Automotive Steering Wheel market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Automotive Steering Wheel report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-steering-wheel-market/5902/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Steering Wheel Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Polyurethane Steering Wheel, Leather Steering Wheel, Wooden Steering Wheel.
Automotive Steering Wheel Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Passenger Car, LCV, HCV, Farm Vehicle.
Key points in the Automotive Steering Wheel Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-steering-wheel-market/5902/#inquiry
From all of this Automotive Steering Wheel market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Automotive Steering Wheel market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Automotive Steering Wheel distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Aim-listed Xtract Resources has achieved significant progress at its Manica gold project, in Mozambique, in the year ended December 31, 2017.
The mine produced its first gold in October, from Sino Minerals, which marked a milestone in the company's history.
Advertisement
“Since October, we have been involved in increasing daily gold production,” CEO Colin Bird said in a statement on Wednesday.
He added that, since November 2017, Manica has been generating cash flows to cover the Manica overhead, but has yet to fulfil the expectation of management and shareholders.
Advertisement
Alluvial gold mining in the upper terraces produced some large nuggets, although contractors have been reluctant to remove large amounts of overburden necessary to access the alluvials.
Bird pointed out that the rainy season this year was particularly aggressive and delayed operations on the west of the project area, while Sino Minerals, operating on the east of the project area, were able to continue working but with some disturbance.
“Alluvial mining results are difficult to define and results can be erratic and random. On the west, we are seeing very fine gold, which requires an additional process plant and equipment specifically designed to recover fine gold and we are currently carrying out testwork aimed at recovering fine gold,” he noted.
He added that the company was in discussions with Moz Gold regarding plant modification, after Omnia advised that they no longer wished to work Extract's alluvial concession.
“We have a loan facility of $400 000 with Moz Gold which gives us a 20% conversion right into their company, as well as default ownership of their processing plant. Dependent on our testwork, we may elect to use the plant on our own account or, alternatively, make it available to new contractors with the responsibility for fine gold modification being theirs.”
In terms of the hard-rock mining, Xtract is reviewing several proposals to either finance, work for royalty or equipment provision against interest for the Fair Bride hard-rock openpit.
“We expect to conclude an arrangement during the second half of the year and, thereafter, move into project development. We continue to look for opportunities which might further favourably position the company within the market and give the potential for an increase in shareholder value,” Bird said.
The company narrowed its loss for the financial year under review to £1.26-million from £8.94-million in 2016.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Going back to his days at LSU, Michael Brockers has been a nose tackle through and through. He's played the position in both a 4-3 and 3-4 defense, and performed at a very high level. There was little reason to move him from his natural position, but that's exactly what the Rams did on Sunday against Dallas.
Wade Phillips and Sean McVay decided to kick Brockers outside to defensive end, allowing him to rush the passer in a role similar to Aaron Donald. And wouldn't you know, he had one of the best games of his career.
“I thought Michael Brockers had a great game wherever he played. He had a tremendous game,” Phillips said during his press conference Thursday. “I thought he dominated the line of scrimmage in the run and the pass — made several big plays for us. He caused an interception, he batted a ball down, he got several hits on the quarterback. I thought he played really well.”
What was the reason for the switch? Dallas' monstrous offensive line had something to do with it, boasting two of the biggest tackles in the league in Tyron Smith and La'el Collins.
Phillips believed that presented a good matchup for Brockers, who's a powerful guy with elite strength up front.
“He's a really, really good player at any position he plays,” Phillips said. “We just thought we were stronger — especially against the big offensive tackles that Dallas had. He played really well against those guys, so that shows you how good he can be.”
The change didn't come suddenly just before the game started. This was something the coaching staff discussed throughout the week before kickoff. Still, Brockers admits he was nervous about changing his position for the first time since he was in high school.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“We talked about it last week, [that it would] better our team for me to move out to end and kind of get some work,” Brockers said. “I'm not gonna lie, I was a little nervous at first – new position versus a good team like Dallas. So yeah, I was a little nervous but I got out there and I felt good. I think the coaches leaned on me a lot and really preparing well worked out for me.”
Sean McVay praised Brockers, as well, saying he was “excellent” against the Cowboys. Brockers seemingly affected every play the Cowboys ran, whether it was moving the line backwards or getting a sack on Dak Prescott.
McVay liked what he saw, and it wouldn't be a surprise to see Brockers stick at defensive end going forward with Tanzel Smart taking over at nose tackle.
“I just think his ability to play with some length, his athleticism, some of those opportunities where he's playing a gap removed from where he was at that nose position gives him some versatility and he showed up and played like the player that we expected to,” McVay said.
In a ferocious air strike on a school in Syria's rebel held Eastern Ghouta, at least 15 children and two women lost their lives. The deceased were using the school's basement as bomb shelter.According to reports, three missiles from a single strike hit the school reducing it to ruins and killing those who were sheltering in its basement.The search for survivors is still on by the rescue workers.Since about a month, the Syria is crippling under fierce air strikes and ground shelling by government troops and allied militia in order to drive out the rebels from the region.Ghouta has been under attack since long, with many civilians losing their lives.Reports have it that 80 percent of the region has been captured by the government and the rest has been split into three groups, each under a separate rebel unit.The government troops have launched an intensive exercise against the rebels over past month, opening a corridor for the civilians to flee into government-controlled territory.While many have fled to the government controlled territories, many hid deeper in the rebel pockets while many succumb to the circumstances.
WICHITA, Kan. — A transgender teacher in Kansas has been named “National Educator of the Year” by the Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network.
Wichita North High School music teacher Stephanie Byers came out as a transgender woman in 2014, The Wichita Eagle reported.
Byers said she decided to come out as a transgender woman just five years shy of possible retirement, despite her fears about what it could mean for her and those around her.
“There was an urgency to it, and I could no longer put it off,” Byers said. “But there's still the fear, because you never know.”
Byers said she didn't transition to be a pioneer or an advocate, but that she's become both.
The 55-year-old has in recent years met with school leaders, participated on panels about LGBTQ issues, talked with parents about gender identity, chaperoned a local “Day of Advocacy” and spoken at the state capitol.
Byers said she's received “absolutely amazing” support from Wichita district officials and from North High Principal Sherman Padgett.
“People that I have never spoken to in this building came up and wrapped their arms around me to tell me how much they care for me and love me and were proud of me,” Byers said. “It was very, very affirming.”
Padgett said he nominated Byers for the award because she's “just an all-around great teacher and a great person.”
“It would be great if we could get to the point where we can normalize the LGBTQ community,” said Padgett. “She chose to live her true identity, and when that just becomes normal, that's when kids will realize they belong here just as much as everyone else.”
——
Information from: The Wichita (Kan.) Eagle, http://www.kansas.com
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
March 30 Australian shares were up for a third straight session on Thursday helped by basic materials and energy stocks which benefited from higher commodity and oil prices.
The S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.4 percent, or 24.58 points, to 5,898.1 by 0106 GMT.
The S&P/ASX 200 Aussie benchmark ended nearly 1 percent higher in the previous session, recording its best closing performance in close to two years.
"We're up 15 points. Certainly continuation of this move is underway. On the back of two very strong days I expect it'll close towards year highs again today," said IG Markets' market analyst Gary Burton, speaking earlier in the session.
Investors also digested comments from Federal Reserve officials, with Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren saying the Fed should raise rates three more times in 2017 and his Chicago peer Charles Evans saying he favours further interest rate hikes.
Miners posted the biggest gains on the benchmark led by Fortescue Metals Group, which rose 2 percent as steel and iron ore futures in China jumped more than 3 percent on Wednesday.
Base metal prices were also upbeat. Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton rose about 1.3 percent each. BHP, which also has significant oil and gas interests, benefited from an overnight rise in oil prices.
The energy index cashed in on higher oil, rising 1 percent. Oil and gas major Woodside Petroleum and smaller rival Beach Energy, rose 1.4 percent and 5 percent respectively.
Financials maintained their momentum, rising 0.3 percent. Three of the "Big Four" banks rose in a range of 0.2 percent to 0.5 percent. ANZ shares, however, were flat.
"Banks have moved a little higher on margin expansion. They've lifted their investment lending rates by 12 – 15 basis points at a time when the Reserve Bank is a little hamstrung in raising interest rates at all," Burton added.
New Zealand's benchmark index rose for a third session, up 0.3 percent, or 20.82 points, to 7154.39.
Consumer and healthcare stocks led the gains with Skycity Entertainment 1.5 percent higher, and Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corp up 0.8 percent.
On the other hand, utilities posted minor losses with Meridian Energy and Contact Energy slipping 1.1 percent and 0.6 percent respectively.
For more individual stocks activity click on
(Reporting by Rushil Dutta; Additional reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru)
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
FRANKFURT/DUESSELDORF, Germany RWE (RWEG.DE) signalled on Tuesday it would play an active role in consolidation of the power generation sector, eyeing deals in its core markets - Germany, Britain and the Netherlands - to bolster its business.
Germany's third-largest energy group could make "selective and opportunistic" purchases if competitors pulled out of the challenging sector and left behind assets at good prices, Chief Executive Rolf Martin Schmitz said at RWE's Capital Market Day.
Schmitz fuelled M&A speculation two weeks ago when he said RWE was considering several strategic options, including tie-ups with rivals and the sale of a stake in energy group Innogy (IGY.DE), in which RWE owns 76.8 percent.
Analysts and investor have highlighted the possibility of RWE taking over Uniper (UN01.DE), the former power plant and energy trading business spun off from larger peer E.ON (EONGn.DE), which still owns 46.65 percent.
"A tie-up of RWE and Uniper could lead to synergies in the operation of power plants," said Thomas Deser, senior fund manager at Union Investment. "But such a move would have to clear regulatory hurdles."
Schmitz declined to comment on whether RWE would be comfortable with owning a minority in Innogy, saying only that RWE would manage its stake in the networks, renewables and retail group in a way that would maximise value for investors.
He also ruled out selling power plants, adding Germany's biggest power producing group felt comfortable with its current setup of 41.9 gigawatts (GW) of generation capacity, more than half of which are from lignite and gas.
(Reporting by Christoph Steitz and Tom Kaeckenhoff; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
NEW DELHI, March 29 India's competition regulator said the proposed merger between Agrium Inc and Potash Corp of Saskatchewan Inc was likely to hurt competition, a government statement said on Wednesday.
Canadian fertilizer producers Potash Corp and Agrium agreed to merge last September to navigate a severe industry slump by boosting efficiency and cutting costs.
Neither Agrium nor Potash Corp have physical presence in India, but both of them supply potash to India through their joint venture company -Canpotex.
"The commission is of the prima facie opinion that the proposed combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition," the Competition Commission of India said.
The regulator has sought public opinion on the deal and has directed the two firms to publish details of the proposed merger, the statement said.
For more details on India's statement: (bit.ly/2oagn1A) (Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan; Editing by Malini Menon)
Redmond - WA - Dynamic Systems, Inc., the leader in Seafood Traceability Systems, launches SIMBA for Shellfish processors. SIMBA records receiving and production data in real-time, labels & tracks shellfish and provides full traceabily
Cold Storage barcodes1
Contact
Dynamic Systems, inc.
***@dsisales.com Dynamic Systems, inc.
End
-- Track from the Beach SIMBA uses a tablet to initiate lots at the beach during harvest. This information is taken to the plant and entered into SIMBA automatically, where it then tracks production from receiving to packing in real-time using touchscreen computers. The unique ability of SIMBA to modify weight as the product moves down the production line helps shellfish companies know true weights received and packed.What makes SIMBA unique is that SIMBA tracks lots by the container, including any mixed or commingled lots. What this means is full backward and forward traceability for all products, and cost savings in the case of recall, an important feature for shellfish processors.At the time of shipping, the Logistics feature of SIMBA tracks each carton or pallet onto a specific truck. A Manifest and Bill of Lading is then produced automatically. This feature not only saves time in the shipping process, it eliminates disputes with the customer regarding what was shipped.Key results from implementing the SIMBA software include increased production speed, the ability to get same day accurate production reports, the ability to fulfill traceability requirements automatically, accurate inventory and professional looking carton and pallet labels.Learn more about traceability and labeling software for seafood processors at dynamic-systemsinc.com/software/seafood.Contact Rob Freeman, robf@dynamic- systemsinc.com Business Development Manager: 800-342-3999
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The bacon sarnie is one of life's little pleasures - like waking up and seeing a blanket of snow, or finding a scrunched up fiver in your trouser pocket.
But the price of pork and butter prices is rocketing - which is bad news for bacon sandwich lovers everywhere.
New figures show pork prices on the international market have hit a four-year high and butter is trading at almost twice the price it was this time last year.
Pork products are leaving farms costing 12 per cent more than 12 months ago, the latest data reveals, while butter from producers has been 91 per cent higher.
Demand continues to outstrip supply in foreign markets which has a knock on effect for price tags here, said agribusiness specialists Rabobank.
Supermarket figures in July showed fresh pork in British retailers was up six per cent year on year and bacon up two per cent.
But some popular products by more as shops spread the cost across the shelves.
Some supplies have resorted to 'shrinkflation' - for instance Richmond Sausages has cut a pack of 16 down to 14 but kept the price the same.
Butter is also rising significantly because many producers are cutting back on the amount of butter they make in order to produce more cheddar, which has a greater profit margin and is also rising in demand.
Butter production in the UK has fallen seven per cent over the past 12 months and prices from the producers are 91 per cent higher, on average, than this time last year at around £5,730 per tonne.
As with pork, prices on supermarket shelves may not always reflect the whole increase as some retailers absorb the prices.
But there have already been reports that prices are up by between 20-50 per cent in shops.
Not only is the price likely to continue to rise but could also mean shortages by Christmas as supplies continue to fall but demand does not, say analysts.
The Grocer said: "Butter prices have continued to rise over the past month thanks to low supplies across the EU and high consumer demand.
"In the UK, dairies prioritised cheese processing over butter due to increased profitability."
LISBON (Reuters) - More than 3,000 firemen struggled to put out forest fires across Portugal on Sunday, after the country requested assistance from Europe to fight blazes that threaten to spread with more hot weather in the coming days.
Exceptionally dry and hot weather ignited Portugal's worst fire disaster in memory early this summer, killing 64 people, and fires have continued to flare up in recent weeks with the arrival of each new hotter spell of weather.
Interior Minister Constanca Urbana de Sousa said the country sent the request for help to Europe late on Saturday because of concerns that high temperatures and high winds in the coming days could increase the number of fires.
The minister said the request was carried out "because of a question of prudence" due to the weather forecast for coming days, according to news agency Lusa. It covered requests for firefighting airplanes and firemen and is part of a European mechanism for cooperation to fight fires.
Emergency services said 268 fires broke out on Saturday, the highest number for any single day this year, with 6,500 firemen fighting to put them out. There are fears that many of them could flare up again later on Sunday, with higher winds and temperatures that hit in the afternoon.
The central district of Coimbra adopted a local state of emergency to deal with fires, as did four smaller municipalities in the region.
While fires have burned through the summer none has had the tragic impact of the one in late June, as emergency services have gone to far greater efforts to evacuate villages and shut roads early in affected areas.
But the country could face many more weeks of fires before the end of summer.
More than 140,000 hectares of forest have burned this summer in Portugal, more than three times higher than the average over the last 10 years, according to European Union data.
Tel Aviv – Protesters clashed with Israeli Police on Wednesday at a Bedouin village in the West Bank that is slated for demolition by Israeli Authorities.
Police said 11 protesters were arrested during the clashes, while the Palestinian Red Crescent said 35 protesters were injured during the demonstration at Khan al-Ahmar, a village east of Jerusalem.
The town, home to 181 Palestinian Bedouins, according to the United Nations, was cleared for demolition in May by Israel's Supreme Court, after years of legal battles.
It is unclear when Israeli authorities planned to evacuate the residents and demolish the village.
The increased presence of Israeli police in the town had caused heightened concerns among activists that the demolition is imminent.
International observers, including the UN, have condemned the proposed demolition, saying it would constitute a forced population transfer by an occupying power in violation of international law.
Israel says the structures in the Bedouin village were built illegally and dangerously close to a highway. (dpa/NAN)
: As in the day we told you that 3 contestants will go to the jail in Colors TV show Bigg Boss 11 and it will be decided by Padosis. So the final decision is made and they send Shilpa Shinde, Zubair Khan and Akash Dadlani in jail aka Bigg Boss Kaal Kothari.But you will be shocked to know that Shilpa broke the prison and went on to take the revenge from Vikas Gupta. Well, looks like Shilpa won't even let Vikas have a good sleep.‘Bhabhi Ji Ghar Par Hai' actress slipped out of the jail and went into bedroom. She placed one of Vikas' slippers near his head. Deep in sleep Vikas was unaware about is. However, she gets back in the jail and Zubair and Akash have laughter riot over it.Check out the video of Shilpa Shinde getting out of Kaal Kothari:Shilpa Shinde and Vikas Gupta are having endless fights over their past. Will things get uglier with each passing day or they will become friends?Stay tuned for all Bigg Boss 11 news and updates.
FILE PHOTO: Workers walk in the rain at the Canary Wharf business district in London, Britain November 11, 2013. REUTERS/Eddie Keogh/File Photo
LONDON British businesses must overhaul their executive pay and perks to rebuild public trust following a spate of corporate scandals, lawmakers said on Wednesday.
A report by parliament's Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) Committee said companies should publish pay ratios annually, give workers a seat on the committee that sets pay and have women make up half of all new senior and executive level appointments from 2020.
Executive pay is a hot political topic in Britain after Prime Minister Theresa May campaigned to help those who voted for Brexit in protest at "out of touch" elites.
Corporate scandals such as the collapse of store chain BHS, which was sold to a serial bankrupt with no retail experience, have fuelled mistrust of well-paid company bosses during a period of mediocre wage growth for most Britons.
"Successful, productive and profitable companies cannot be disconnected from society," Iain Wright, chairman of the BEIS committee, said, adding that it was now "impossible to see a credible link between remuneration and performance".
The committee, whose recommendations are not binding but are likely to be looked at closely by May's government, singled out long-term incentive plans as lacking in transparency. These aim to align the interests of company executives and shareholders by linking pay to the performance of the firm over years,
Many of the plans have been criticised for being too complex, too generous and sometimes gamed by bosses and shareholder revolts over pay have become commonplace.
"Pay must be reformed and simplified to incentivise decision-making for the long term success of the business and to pursue wider company objectives than share value," Wright said.
The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) agreed long-term incentive plans could be too complex, but said banning them would limit flexibility for companies to reward executives.
And the Financial Reporting Council, which is tasked with policing corporate behaviour, said it was now hoping for greater powers to hold directors to account.
"The depth and breadth of the recommendations, if fully adopted, will have significant implications for the FRC's remit, resources and funding," it said in a statement.
But Jonathan Chamberlain, partner at law firm Gowling WLG, said any changes to executive pay or worker representation would be "practically difficult as well as ideologically divisive".
Chamberlain said a "light-touch" reporting obligation on issues such as pay and conditions could help prevent instances of abuse such as at Sports Direct (SPD.L), which drew the ire of politicians.
PAY REVOLTS
The Investment Association, Britain's main trade body for the asset management firms which have voiced concern over pay and other governance-related resolution at companies' annual general meetings, backed the report.
Sky News reported on Monday that BP (BP.L) had agreed to cut about 5 million pounds ($6.2 million) from Chief Executive Bob Dudley's maximum pay for the next three years in a bid to ease shareholder unrest.
And last week Reckitt Benckiser (RB.L) said Rakesh Kapoor, one of Britain's highest-earning CEOs, saw his 2016 pay package fall by more than a third following a safety scandal in South Korea that dented its performance.
"The report sets out further welcome measures to strengthen investors' hands and provide better reporting to shareholders on how the Board has taken the views of their stakeholders into account," Andrew Ninian, the Investment Association's Director of Stewardship and corporate governance, said.
Standard Life Investments, which runs funds totalling 280 billion pounds and is one of the biggest investors in British companies, across a range of strategies, said it backed moves to get more clarity over boards' decision-making.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson and Alexander Smith)
Underground pockets of boiling water and steam in a northern New Mexico national preserve that represent the heart of an ancient collapsed volcano could get extra federal protection under a new effort by the National Park Service aimed at limiting or preventing tapping the geothermal energy from neighboring land.
Continue Reading Below
Federal officials said last week that the Valles Caldera National Preserve would become the 17th U.S. park unit with designated thermal features if approved. A monthlong public comment period will end Jan. 26.
Yellowstone, Crater Lake and Hawaii Volcanoes already are on the list of parks with federally protected geothermal features.
Dubbed the “Yellowstone of the Southwest,” Valles Calderas is home to vast grasslands, the remnants of one of North America's few super volcanoes and one of New Mexico's most famous elk herds. The bear-claw shaped ring of mountain peaks that form the caldera also is culturally significant to neighboring Native American tribes.
Its visible geothermal features are nowhere near as striking as Yellowstone's geysers and consist mainly of above-ground, pungent smelling sulphur springs.
The nearly 140-square-mile preserve was purchased by the federal government in 2000 and managed as a working ranch for years. The Park Service took over preserve management in 2015.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
The last privately-owned mineral rights within the preserve were taken over by the federal government about a decade ago to protect against geothermal development within Valles Caldera's boundaries.
Park officials said the proposed designation would address geothermal development just outside the preserve's boundaries by requiring federal agencies to work with the Park Service to determine if proposed drilling to tap adjacent geothermal resources would adversely affect the preserve's geothermal reserves.
The idea of tapping the steam beneath the preserve dates back decades, with the energy crisis of the 1970s spurring the first major wave of interest in the nation's geothermal resources .
The U.S. Department of Energy, Union Oil Co. and Public Service Co. of New Mexico spent millions of dollars looking into the feasibility of developing a geothermal power plant on what was then private property. The idea was ultimately abandoned in the 1980s.
Experts have said the caldera is still hot enough to produce steam and could generate electricity if harnessed.
In 2005, Texas-based GeoProducts — which owned the last of the private rights — threatened that unless the government agreed to what the mineral rights owners believed was a fair market price, the company would build a full-scale geothermal power plant in the southwest corner of the preserve, along with transmission lines to export the electricity.
Later that year, then-President George Bush signed legislation aimed at settling the dispute over the mineral rights. Government lawyers followed up with a condemnation lawsuit that gave the government control over the mineral rights needed to tap the park's geothermal reserves.
Interest in New Mexico's geothermal resources has increased again recently as the state works to wean itself from fossil fuels and boost renewable energy development.
In 2012, Gov. Susana Martinez signed legislation to ease the process for companies trying to develop geothermal resources.
More recently, another effort to encourage geothermal development happened when regulatory authority was shifted from the state's Oil Conservation Division to the Energy Conservation and Management Division.
The state's first utility-scale geothermal power plant opened in 2014 in southern New Mexico and supplies power to Public Service Co. of New Mexico, the state's largest electricity utility.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
April 27 Emerald Expositions Events Inc
* Emerald Expositions announces pricing of initial public offering
* Says initial public offering of 15.5 million common shares priced at $17.00 per share
* Selling 10.3 million shares and certain stockholders of company affiliated with onex corporation are selling 5.1 million shares
* Will not receive proceeds from sale of shares by selling stockholders Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
DeAndre Ayton, the first overall pick by the Phoenix Suns, describes what it was like to have his name be the first called in the NBA Draft.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The nanny of Madeleine McCann has broken her ten-year silence on what happened the night the British tot went missing in Portugal.
The former child minder has told how the youngster's parents descended into despair and panic when the ­horrifying truth she had vanished sank in.
Breaking her silence after a decade, the witness said she is still haunted by the image of dad Gerry desperately trying to find their missing daughter while she tried to comfort weeping mum Kate who cried: “They've taken her.”
She also claimed the resort from which Madeleine vanished was considered so unsafe nannies were handed rape alarms and told to not go out alone, the Mirror reports.
And she slammed the Portuguese police's handling of the disappearance, insisting their ­blundering scuppered any chances of finding who had snatched three-year-old Madeleine.
Speaking of that dreadful night in May 2007, the ex-nanny –who looked after the girl several times – said: “A parent came to me and said there was something going on, and said someone's looking for a child, I didn't instantly think it was Maddie.
"A couple of minutes later I walked into Kate crying, friends comforting her, Gerry looking under cars, and it just blew up.
"I don't even think she saw me. I just stood next to her and tried to comfort her.
“She was pacing up and down. The worst possible thing had just happened to her.
“I think I said something like, ‘She'll be found, these things happen all the time.'
“She was crying, but almost in a catatonic state, and Gerry was very distressed. That's the one thing I really remember from him, looking under the cars. I can't forget that.
“We were told to start looking in bins in case her body was in there. It was at that point we realised this was serious.”
Along with other staff, the ex-carer, who worked for travel firm Mark Warner at the the Ocean Club resort, sifted by hand in the dark through industrial-sized bins and piping leading into the sea in their hunt for Madeleine.
They also walked Praia da Luz's small, winding streets searching for the missing girl until they were told, against their wills at 5am, that it was time for bed.
But the woman, who we are not naming, said she is still furious with local police, who she claimed took 90 minutes to arrive on the scene.
And she told how people were in and out of the apartment where Madeleine vanished from – contaminating a ­potential crime scene.
The former nanny added: “I know I didn't step into that apartment but pretty much everybody else did. So, evidence gone, nothing. There was nobody there to say, ‘We need to lock this off now.'
"The police didn't get there for ages, maybe an hour and a half, so we were looking for her.
"And at the end of the day, no matter how much you've been trained with ­children, we were children, mainly ­teenagers, we're not police.
“That's why police were trying to get everyone's timelines, because they weren't there.”
She also told how she was interviewed by officers in the wake of Madeleine's disappearance and later detectives from ­the Met's Operation Grange handed her two pages of statements they had retrieved from their Algarve compratiots.
Her original statement was four to five pages long, but the one the Portuguese had been working from was only two pages long – missing a number of details from her interview.
The woman claimed “whole chunks of information were missed out”.
She added: “I think a lot of things should've happened differently. ­Unfortunately the effects were catastrophic.”
And the carer told how she was astonished Kate and Gerry were ever deemed suspects in their own child's ­disappearance.
She is still constantly quizzed by people about the case who ask if “the parents did it”.
She said: “I tell them no, there's no way at all. A, timings and B, where it was, their r­eactions, the whole thing. Not a chance.”
The woman also told how Madeleine was a favourite among the child minders. Her allocated nanny was Catriona Baker, but others also got the chance to look after her.
The carer added: “I remember her character and ­temperament. She was slightly shy, very sweet. Not loud or precocious.
“We obviously give the same care to all the children, but she was a real cutie and a real sweetheart. If you asked her, ‘Can you just pass me that?' She'd be like, ‘Sure.'
“She was easy for us, and you were happy to sit and help out this pretty little girl who's really nice.”
Asked if she thinks Madeleine is still alive, the woman said: “Think possibly is the wrong word, but hope. I hope she is still alive.
“It's probably very naive, but the best case scenario of a very horrible situation, is that she was procured and taken for a rich person who didn't have children.
“I can't go anywhere else in my head. I can read it about other people and know how horrible that seedy world is where children are sold. But my brain won't go there with her. I just switch off.
“But I think the only person who knows exactly what happened is Madeleine. Can I believe it's 10 years on? Yes and no.
Madeleine vanished from an apartment in Praia da Luz as her parents ate at a nearby restaurant.
Detectives are said to be working on a theory that she was kidnapped by a European trafficking gang.
Kate and Gerry have never given up hope that she could still be alive – but this year will mark the milestone 10th anniversary without her.
Maddie, who has a distinct and inoperable blemish in her right eye where the pupil runs into the iris, would now be aged 13.
Detectives have explored dozens of theories about Madeleine's disappearance from being snatched by paedophiles and murdered during a botched burglary.
Despite nearly 9,000 potential sightings across the globe police have struggled to unearth any new clues.
This is potentially Operation Grange's final year of searching and they are concentrating solely on the fact she was sold by child traffickers – her parents' and their first team of private investigators' initial hunch – and could still be alive.
LONDON, April 3 British wholesale gas prices rose on Monday morning as requests for exports to Europe hit a seven-month high. * Within-day contract rises 1.40 pence to 39.90 pence per therm at 0853 GMT. * British day-ahead gas price up 0.75 pence at 40.05 pence per therm. * Traders said prices were up due to high exports to Europe, which have arisen from comfortable UK supply and a short Dutch market. * Exports through the InterconnectorUK to continental Europe are nominated at 38 million cubic metres (mcm), the highest level since September, due to strong supply and increased injection demand in Europe. * However, the UK system is slightly oversupplied, with demand forecast at around 235 mcm and flows at 238 mcm/day, National Grid data shows. * Imports from Norway are high at 100 mcm. * Winter 2017 contract up 0.70 pence at 46.65 p/therm. * Day-ahead gas price at the Dutch TTF hub 0.63 euro higher at 15.95 euros per megawatt hour. * Benchmark Dec-17 EU carbon contract was 0.04 euro higher at 4.73 euros a tonne. The European Commission is due to publish verified emissions data for 2016 at 1000 GMT (1200 CEST). * Thomson Reuters analyst view: here (Reporting by Nina Chestney)
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. Newswire SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
Fortune Minerals Limited (TSX:FT)(OTCQX:FTMDF) ("Fortune" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it has entered into an agreement with Cormark Securities Inc. (the "Underwriters"), which has agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, 20 million units of Fortune (the "Units") at a purchase price of $0.25 per Unit (the "Offering Price"), for aggregate gross proceeds in the amount of approximately $5 million (the "Offering"). Each Unit will consist of one common share of Fortune (a "Unit Share") and one half of one common share purchase warrant (each whole purchase warrant a "Warrant"), each Warrant being exercisable to acquire one common share of Fortune at a purchase price of $0.35 for a period of 24 months following the closing date.
In addition, the Company has granted the Underwriters an option to purchase additional Units at the Offering Price to raise additional gross proceeds of up to 15% of the Offering, for a period of 30 days after and including the Closing Date to cover over-allotments, if any, and for market stabilization purposes.
The offering is scheduled to close on or about March 8, 2017. Closing is subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, the receipt of all necessary approvals including the approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the securities regulatory authorities.
The net proceeds from the offering will be used to fund an updated feasibility study for the NICO Cobalt-Gold-Bismuth-Copper project and for general corporate purposes.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of any of the securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The securities will not be and have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or applicable exemption from the registration requirements.
About NICO:
The NICO deposit contains Proven and Probable Mineral Reserves totaling more than 33 million tonnes that will support a 21-year mine life at a planned mill throughput rate of 4,650 metric tonnes of ore per day. Approximately 180 wet tonnes per day of bulk concentrate will be produced by flotation in the mill containing the recoverable metals and will be trucked from the site on the new road to the rail head at Hay River for railway delivery to the refinery in Saskatchewan and downstream processing to value-added metals and chemicals. Life of mine average annual production is projected to be 41,300 ounces of gold, 1,615 tonnes of cobalt contained in a battery grade cobalt sulphate, 1,750 tonnes of bismuth contained in metal ingots and oxide powder, and 265 tonnes of copper.
The disclosure of scientific and technical information contained in this news release has been approved by Robin Goad, M.Sc., P.Geo., President and Chief Executive Officer of Fortune, who is a "Qualified Person" under National Instrument 43-101. The technical report on the feasibility study referred to above, entitled "Technical Report on the Feasibility Study for the NICO-Gold-Cobalt-Bismuth-Copper Project, Northwest Territories, Canada", dated April 2, 2014 and prepared by Micon International Limited, from which certain information in this press release has been extracted, has been filed on SEDAR and is available under the Company's profile at www.sedar.com.
About Fortune Minerals
Fortune is a Canadian development stage mining company focused on advancing the vertically integrated NICO gold-cobalt-bismuth-copper project in the Northwest Territories and a related refinery the Company plans to construct in Saskatchewan. Fortune also owns the Sue-Dianne copper-silver-gold deposit located 25 km north of NICO and a potential future source of incremental mill feed to extend the life of the NICO mill. The Company also maintains the right to repurchase the Arctos anthracite coal deposits in northwest British Columbia that were recently purchased by a provincial Crown corporation.
This press release contains forward-looking information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. This forward-looking information includes statements with respect to, among other things, the Company's plans to develop the NICO project (including the Company's plans to secure off-take agreements and project financing to start construction), estimated future production, anticipated growth in the demand for cobalt, anticipated constraints on the supply of cobalt and plans for the construction of an all-season road needed for operations at the NICO Project. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management as well as certain assumptions at the date the information is given (including, in respect of the forward-looking information contained in this press release, assumptions regarding the Company's ability to arrange the necessary financing to continue operations and develop the NICO project, growth in the demand for cobalt, restrictions on the supply of cobalt and the proposed construction of the all-season road, the economic environment in which the Company will operate in the future, including the price of gold, cobalt and other by-product metals, anticipated costs and the volumes of metals to be produced at the NICO Project). However, such forward-looking information is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking information. These factors include the risks that the Company may not be able to finance and develop NICO on favourable terms or at all, the market for rechargeable batteries and the use of stationary storage cells may not grow to the extent anticipated, the future supply of cobalt may not be as limited as anticipated, the Company's production of cobalt and other metals may be less than anticipated and other operational and development risks, market risks and regulatory risks. Readers are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking information because it is possible that predictions, forecasts, projections and other forms of forward-looking information will not be achieved by the Company. The forward-looking information contained herein is made as of the date hereof and the Company assumes no responsibility to update or revise it to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.
(Corrects name of opposition leader in para 6 to Requesens from Requessens)
By Corina Pons and Andrew Cawthorne
CARACAS, April 5 Venezuela's opposition's lawmakers gathered from dawn on Wednesday, some carrying injuries from protests, to seek the dismissal of Supreme Court judges whom they accuse of propping up a dictatorship.
Newly-militant opposition leaders also announced another round of demonstrations against socialist President Nicolas Maduro for Thursday, despite chaos and violence in Caracas on Tuesday that left 18 people arrested and 20 injured.
The opposition, which won control of the National Assembly in late 2015, accuses Maduro of wrecking the South American OPEC nation's economy and squashing democracy.
The political drama is playing out to the backdrop of a deep economic crisis, with Venezuelans suffering a fourth year of recession, widespread shortages of basic foods and medicines, the world's worst inflation, and long lines at shops.
Having been impeded from reaching the National Assembly on Tuesday, lawmakers headed to the building in downtown Caracas from daybreak on Wednesday, some with head-wounds or bandaged arms from the clashes of recent days.
"These injuries are nothing," said one lawmaker Juan Requesens, who received more than 50 stitches after being hit by a stone when pro-government supporters confronted protesters at the public ombudsman's office earlier this week.
"We are going to keep fighting for change, opposing the repression and the dictatorship, for Venezuela and for Venezuelans. We demand immediate elections," he added on his way into the session at 6.30 a.m.
The Penal Forum rights group said 18 people were still behind bars on Wednesday after a wave of detentions around the country but mostly in Caracas. At least 20 people were injured on Tuesday, its head Alfredo Romero told Reuters.
REPRESSION?
The head of the hemispheric Organization of American States and global rights group Amnesty International both condemned Venezuela for excessive repression.
But Interior Minister Nestor Reverol denied that, calling instead for one opposition leader, Henrique Capriles, to be prosecuted for blocking streets, including an ambulance.
"The exemplary behavior, capacity and training of our citizens' security organs prevented the unpredictable consequences of these terrorist groups," he added.
The South American OPEC nation's political standoff took a new twist last week when the Supreme Court ruled that it was taking over the legislature's functions.
That touched off an international outcry, and the tribunal quickly scrubbed the offending clauses.
But dozens of previous rulings overturning National Assembly measures have anyway left it powerless, and opposition leaders say recent events have shown the world Maduro's autocratic face.
Lawmakers were expected to approve a motion later on Wednesday asking for the removal of Supreme Court judges for "the breaking of Venezuela's constitutional order".
But that would anyway be symbolic only given they require the support of other institutions that are behind Maduro.
The president says his foes are seeking a coup with the connivance of Washington and compliant foreign media.
During an activity in rural Apure state, Maduro told supporters they were "in battle" against "imperialism."
"From the north, they have given the order to the defeated, fascist right wing to fill the streets of Venezuela with violence," he said late on Tuesday. "But peace triumphed."
Thousands of protesters had poured onto the streets of Caracas on Tuesday. Security forces using teargas and pepper-spray blocked them from reaching their rallying point.
Opposition leaders led demonstrators onto highways to block traffic, and some youths donned masks and tossed stones in skirmishes with police and soldiers around the city. (Additional reporting by Andreina Aponte; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Alistair Bell)
Food ran low at a rest home with no working vacuum cleaner and where incontinence supplies weren't available for "days and days", staff told inspectors.
The claims have been denied by the company that owned the facility at that time.
During an inspection last year, health officials noted a strong smell of faeces and urine in some areas of Wakefield Rest Home, south of Nelson. Wounds were untreated and a severely cognitively-impaired resident was self-administering angina spray.
The 22-bed facility sold shortly after a final report on the problems, and the DHB is satisfied the issues are sorted by the new owners.
Advertisement
Health officials made an unannounced visit the same day as receiving a complaint from a resident's family member last October 27, including about staffing cuts and volunteers calling around the community for food donations.
Notes from the visit, obtained by the Herald, outline how no facility manager or clinical manager was onsite, and it wasn't clear who was in charge.
In a quiet voice the cook reported many instances of insufficient food supplies, with stocks like marmalade and jam often running out. Staff brought in food and vegetables from home, the cook said. A fridge was opened to reveal one-and-a-half cabbages and a small amount of other food.
The officials met with a senior caregiver in charge of the 22-bed facility, who initially said care was "fine".
"Later in the discussion [redacted] said…'point blank, I am going to tell you'," the notes record. The caregiver went on to allege:
• Carpet in the room of a resident contaminated with faeces couldn't be cleaned as there wasn't carpet shampoo. A family member who wanted to clean out a birdcage couldn't as there was no working vacuum.
• There had been "days and days" without incontinence products. At other times staff were told to use only up to two pads a day, per resident.
• Staffing so low that there was no relief available if someone was sick or away.
Two more inspections were ordered after the screening visit, and a final report by Nelson Marlborough Health DHB produced on December 5 last year.
Twelve residents were assessed and had files reviewed. Ten had moderate or severe cognitive impairment, despite the clinical manager only identifying three residents with cognitive impairment.
A resident with severe cognitive impairment was self-managing a spray used to treat angina. This was of significant concern, given they had low blood pressure, and "there was no evidence of appropriate assessment or monitoring for safe self-medication".
Another resident with severe cognitive impairment had two open and weeping wounds on their leg, which the nurse manager didn't appear to have been informed about. Another resident had open wounds, with no wound care plan.
Some residents had conditions including heart failure or chronic obstructive airways disease, but didn't have a plan to monitor these conditions.
Interviewed caregivers said the "exploited" registered nurse was overworked and on call 24/7. One said it was "diabolical" there was only one registered nurse at the facility, and another felt bad asking for advice because of her workload.
A staffer said rostering had been cut to save money, and there was only one caregiver on during the weekend (contradicting provided rosters).
Shortly after the final report in December the rest home was sold by Manis Aged Care No 1, a company owned by Ashwin and Lowreen Mani. A provisional audit before the sale listed 15 corrective actions, two of which were high risk, and nine moderate.
Ashwin Mani, who still owns the Cameron Courts Resthome in Ashburton, said the allegations outlined in the DHB documents were completely false, and residents were well cared for.
Claims there wasn't enough food, limited access to incontinence supplies, no cleaner or working vacuum were wrong, Mani said, and he could prove weekly purchases.
"If those are in the media I am going to take this legally. Because this is not true. Why do you listen to staff, without coming to management for verification?"
Hilary Bird, new co-owner of Wakefield Rest Home, said a range of improvements had been made, including increased staffing, equipment and bringing fire sprinklers and alarms up to standard.
"I know they have food coming out of the cupboards, the incontinence products are all up to scratch. Families are a lot, lot happier. Carpets have been cleaned, windows have been cleaned."
Simone Newsham of Nelson Marlborough Health said it was satisfied all the issues relating to resident care had been addressed, and the older people in the facility were now well cared for.
"This has been verified by several follow-up visits with the new owners and we are closely monitoring and supporting the new owners to ensure the improved standard of care is maintained."
The Herald has reported on a number of problems at rest homes and alleged poor care. Consumer and health advocates are pressing Labour to act on policy held in opposition, including establishing an Aged Care Commissioner and updating voluntary aged care standards and making them mandatory.
A quarter of homes had medication shortfalls
Issues at Wakefield Rest Home concerning a resident left in charge of administering angina spray aren't isolated.
Nearly a quarter of all rest homes had a shortcoming related to medication management, a Herald review of more than 1000 audit reports released since 2016 for the country's 651 aged care facilities shows.
Problems found by auditors include wrong doses or unprescribed medications given, expired medication and a lack of documentation or GP review.
Medication trolleys were left unattended at several homes, and one had unsheathed needles connected to syringes. A blister pack of medicine was found with the original resident's name crossed out, and another name handwritten.
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) – State revenue officials estimate it would cost $14 million to develop software and otherwise build a system that would allow the state to administer a personal income tax.
Legislation introduced in the Alaska House calls for a tax of 15 percent of the amount one pays in taxes to the federal government, or $25, whichever is greater.
The Department of Revenue estimates it would need up to 60 more staff to fully implement an income tax. The department says that's a rough estimate and that it would develop a plan to refine the numbers if the bill passed.
Critics of a tax have cited implementation costs as a concern, but some legislators see a broad-based tax as a key piece for a fiscal plan.
The department estimates that tax provisions in the bill would generate about $320 million next year and double that the following fiscal year, the first full year of implementation.
Nick Grimshaw will step down from hosting the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show after six years, and will be replaced by Greg James.
The announcement comes two weeks after new data revealed that Grimshaw's show had recorded its second lowest audience figures since current records began.
His programme shed 600,000 listeners in the first quarter of this year, pulling in 5.1 million listeners a week in the first three months of 2018, compared with 5.7 million a week in the last quarter of 2017, according to audience research body Rajar.
Don't worry though guys, Grimmy may be stepping down from the Breakfast Show but he's staying with the station and our friend and yours, Mr @gregjames will be waking you up every morning 🙌🏻 Congratulations to both of you, we ❤️ you both! pic.twitter.com/3itx7h4W61 — BBC Radio 1 (@BBCR1) May 31, 2018
Grimshaw, who took over the early morning radio programme in 2012 from Chris Moyles, said he's “really tired” and had the position for much longer than he first thought he would.
The DJ told his listeners on Thursday morning: “Come September it will be six years… I've decided it's time for a change, time for a new show and, most importantly, it's going to be time for a new wake-up time… preferably about 11.30.”
He said he will remain on BBC Radio 1 on the drivetime show in a job swap with James.
The broadcasters will start their new shows on Radio 1 this autumn, the BBC has said.
This week, Grimshaw became the second-longest running breakfast show presenter in the station's history, taking over from Tony Blackburn.
James has hosted the weekday 4pm-7pm drivetime slot on the station in 2012.
Grimshaw joked that he “ain't had a good night's sleep since God knows when” and that he has had “jet lag for six years”.
James appeared on the programme and admitted to feeling nervous about announcing his new role as the Breakfast Show presenter.
“It was always my dream to do the breakfast show and I'm very grateful that I got to live my dream every day for what will be nearly 6 years. But 6 years is a long time and this isn't a forever job. I had the time of my life" We love you @grimmers ❤️ pic.twitter.com/yNKfywOp4S — BBC Radio 1 (@BBCR1) May 31, 2018
He told Grimshaw: “I did not sleep one hour last night just thinking about it… it's too much.”
James added that it's a “big challenge” and he's “ready to give this a go”.
Grimshaw said in a statement: “I had the time of my life. I've decided it's time for a change and a new show.
“I love Radio 1 and can't wait to get on with the new time slot and the removal of all alarms from my house.
“I'm so happy to be swapping shows with my friend and yours Greg James, and can't wait to wake up to him each morning. Not literally. Just on the radio. Unless he's up for it.”
In a statement, James said: “I am completely beside myself that I've been given the chance to present the most famous radio show in the world.
“It really doesn't get any bigger than this and I really want to build on the great work Grimmy has done.
“The listeners have become like mates during the 10 years I've been on air, so to be there when they wake up is a real honour.
“They're always front and centre and this will of course be the case on the new breakfast show. It's going to be the most enjoyable challenge I've ever undertaken and I can't wait to get started.”
Ben Cooper, controller of Radio 1, 1Xtra and Asian Network, said: “Greg gets his childhood dream, Grimmy gets a lie-in and the Radio 1 audience gets two exciting new shows with the biggest and most popular youth presenters in the country.
“I'm so proud that Radio 1 produces and nurtures the best talent in the industry – I gave Greg his first show when he joined us from student radio and now he's getting the most famous radio gig in the world – it's going to be fantastic. Grimmy's done a brilliant job reinventing the feel and tone of the breakfast show by connecting with new audiences in new ways in the digital age.”
© Press Association 2018
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
Since Bruce Arians took over as coach of the Arizona Cardinals, the team has experienced great success, even with a disappointing 2016 and a 2017 that has been less than expected. In particular, the Cardinals have had a ton of success against the AFC South, a division the team doesn't face all that often.
The Cardinals are 7-1 against the AFC South under Arians.
Why?
In part, it is because of a weak division over the last few seasons. However, the Cardinals have knocked off both the Titans and Jaguars this season when they were both in first place, the Jags at 7-3 and the Titans at 8-4.
When asked about the success, Arians responded pragmatically after the game. “I wish we played them every week.”
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
March 30 Mondo TV SpA:
* Maxdome GmbH acquires license for the on-line exploitation in certain German-speaking territories of series Sissi, the young empress
* The license shall have a 2 years duration starting from the first free-to-air broadcast in any above territory, or no later than Dec. 31 (Dec. 31, 2018 for the second season) and provides for the right to on-line diffusion in German in the assigned territory Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Aerial image of damage to the Flamingo Visitor Center after Hurricane Irma. National Park Service
Have you been feeling burned out lately? If so you are not alone. Seems that these days more and more people are experiencing stress, and and over all feeling of being exhausted or at the very least feeling stretched very thin.
3 ways to prevent burn out
Media Contact
DrJackiJones
Emerging Black Women Entrepreneurs
info@drjackijones.com DrJackiJonesEmerging Black Women Entrepreneurs
End
-- I was in the middle of relocating, I was doing some traveling, working and speaking, and I found that I had little to no time to myself, I was becoming exhausted.So I had to take a pause, I mean I literally put everything on hold, and really not so much by choice…My body shut me down. I had to take it easy. My body was calling for more rest.So I've been taking it easy lately, I braided my hair for the summer, and in my rest I've become refreshed.It's easy for goal oriented, purpose driven people to become burn out.Here's why…It's because we are always focused on producing results, and that takes action. Action is forward motion, and if we are not careful, no matter how positive and driven we are, we will eventually burn out.In addition to eating right, and working out, there were still things that I needed to do in order to care for myself. I realized that the reason for my burnout was because I needed to put into practice a few more very important self-care habits.Identify your personal and professional limits, then stand your ground. Consider what you can and can not tolerate, and make no apologies for it. Realize that the word "NO" is a complete sentence, and that your "NO" does not require further explanation. If what is being asked of you does not align itself with your purpose, say no to it or them. Time is a valuable resource, and wasting it on things that have nothing to do with where you ultimately want to be, is a sure fire way road to burn out.Fear, guilt and self-doubt are all self-sabotage. Some people fear the other person's response if they set boundaries, however it is important to realize that your boundaries are how you love and respect yourself. Setting boundaries so that you protect your energy is smart, especially when you notice that you feel emotionally drained when you interact with certain people. It's important to identify the energy drainers in your life, so that you can set and protect your boundaries.Practice self-care on a daily basis. Here is a list of daily self care practices that I have incorporated into my life:• I get plenty of sleep. Now this did require that I move closer to my office (I was driving an hour in the morning, and an hour at night to get home). Now I literally can walk across the street and be at work within a couple minutes, and this allows me to sleep in later in the mornings. I usually start my day at 8am, versus 5am when I had to get up early just to fight traffic.• I meditate for at least 30 minutes every morning. I sit still, or lay in my bed, and I just allow myself to be in the moment, with no distractions, no worries, nothing to focus on, and I just breathe. It relaxes me and breathing is a great way to clear your body of toxins.• I make sure I have something wonderful to look forward to, every single day. Sometimes it's reading a great book, sometimes it's doing nothing at all. You'd be surprised how effective the emotion of "anticipation"can be in your life.• I've picked up a new hobby. Some friends of mine and I went out for some girls night fun, and we enrolled in a painting class. I never realized how much of a stress reliever painting could be. With every stroke of color on my blank canvas I became more and more energized. Painting is a beautiful way to create something new and unique, something that's all your own. It's a fun activity, and I look forward to doing it again very soon.Take the next step. Schedule your complimentary personal growth coaching call.Learn more at http://www.drjackijones.com
IT IS the last straw for plastic at the Moncrieff Entertainment Centre as Bundaberg Regional Council declares war on waste.
Plastic straws at the popular entertainment venue are being replaced with paper straws which can be recycled.
Burnett Mary Regional Group spokesman Dean Collins said plastic straws made up a significant proportion of trash in the ocean and posed a risk to seabirds, turtles and other marine life.
The decision to remove plastic straws at the entertainment complex follows this week's ban on the release of helium balloons.
Mayor Jack Dempsey said China's lower intake of recyclables from foreign countries meant there had to be a stronger effort to slash waste but that the council wanted to continue protecting the region's natural environment.
"Council recycles 3200 tonnes per year of paper and cardboard from wheelie bins. The market value for this has plummeted and no market exists for 240 tonnes of lower-grade plastics,” Cr Dempsey said.
"Council has begun stockpiling recyclables and may have to begin landfilling by early July 2018. This will have financial and environmental consequences.
"The Queensland Government has so far provided no support to address these issues and I've written to the minister asking for assistance.”
Council waste and recycling spokesman Scott Rowleson said the council was investigating alternative markets or uses for these materials.
"If we can keep these items out of landfill it will save about $110,000 a year in operational costs,” Cr Rowleson said.
"As a community we can all work together to reduce the impact of China's policy by minimising the waste we generate, whether it be at home or work.
"The recycling habit has been successfully ingrained over many years and we want people to continue recycling.”
Cr Rowleson said the war on waste involved encouraging community members to take positive action including creating compost and planning ahead when shopping.
Offaly 1-19 Kilkenny 0-24
Kilkenny just about saw off a stubborn Offaly display to set up a Division 1 semi-final against Wexford or Galway, writes John Fogarty.
Points by TJ Reid, a free, and Walter Walsh in additional time sealed the win in Bord Na Mona O'Connor Park after the home side had levelled matters in the penultimate minute of normal time through Shane Dooley.
Offaly had also drawn level in the 66th minute thanks to Joe Bergin before the combination of Reid and Walsh struck again. But then Dooley, with a gem of a point from close to the sideline and his free, set up the dramatic finale.
Offaly's Ben Conneely and Ger Aylward of Kilkenny. Pic: INPHO/James Crombie
With a gusting wind at their backs, Offaly knew they had to be ahead going into the break and they did, 1-10 to 0-10, although they had a let-off in the closing stages as Richie Reid had a goal disallowed for a square ball infringement.
Offaly might have argued they didn't get the rub of the green from referee Paud O'Dwyer in the opening quarter although Kilkenny were the better side, going 0-7 to 0-4 after 17 minutes. Eoghan Cahill had to be on his toes to deny Ger Aylward an early goal and his save deflected over the bar. Walter Walsh also fizzed a shot just over the bar a minute later.
Riding on the breeze, Offaly sent over a couple of beautiful points from distance and went ahead with one of them, Shane Kinsella guiding over a missile from midfield in the 27th minute.
The teams swapped the lead a couple of times again before Conor Mahon managed to push the ball over the goal-line at the second attempt in the 33rd minute after Cillian Kiely sent the ball towards him at the edge of the square.
Two Colin Egan points kept Offaly on top before the interval, the second of them coming after Reid's score was ruled out.
Scorers for Offaly: S. Dooley (0-8, 5 frees), C. Mahon (1-2); S. Kinsella, C. Egan, J. Bergin (0-2 each); C. Kiely, D. Currams, D. King (0-1 each).
Scorers for Kilkenny: T.J. Reid (0-12, 9 frees); W. Walsh (0-4); L. Blanchfield (0-3); J. Maher, J. Donnelly (0-2 each); G. Aylward (0-1).
OFFALY: E. Cahill; T. Spain, S. Gardiner, B. Connelly; D. O'Toole, D. Shortt, P. Camon; S. Kinsella, D. King (c); C. Mahon, C. Kiely, C. Egan; S. Dooley, J. Bergin, D. Currams.
Subs for Offaly: P. Rigney for S. Gardiner (inj 47); O. Kelly for C. Kiely, D. Egan for S. Kinsella (both 58); T. Geraghty for C. Egan (67); S. Ryan for P. Rigney (blood, 70+3).
KILKENNY: D. Brennan; J. Holden, P. Walsh, P. Deegan; C. Delaney, C. Buckley (c), C. Browne; R. Leahy, O. Walsh; L. Blanchfield, T.J. Reid, J. Maher; G. Aylward, W. Walsh, R. Reid.
Subs for Kilkenny: L. Scanlon for G. Aylward, J. Donnelly for O. Walsh (both 41); L. Ryan for R. Leahy (61); E. Morrissey for C. Browne (64); A. Murphy for R. Reid (65).
Referee: P. O'Dwyer (Carlow).
Share it:
Don't Miss
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
Race will start in Daventry on June 7, and finish in London on June 11
The Women's Tour 2017 route has been announced, with five stages in Northamptonshire, Warwickshire, Staffordshire Derbyshire, and a final criterium race in London.
This year will see the fourth edition of the race, taking place from June 7 – 11, but will be the first time that the race has finished the capital, using the same six-kilometre circuit around central London as the men's Tour of Britain.
Speaking at the launch of the route, race director Mick Bennett (who has the same role at the Tour of Britain) said that he was looking forward to the London finale as well as returning to more familiar terrain in the Midlands.
“Having the Mayor of London invite us to London for the final stage of The Women's Tour shows the status of the event, that just three years on from its creation it can be a part of the UCI Women's WorldTour and feature all of the world's top 15 teams.
>>> London finale shows Women's Tour is ‘biggest and best' stage race in the world, says organiser
“This year's route will combine testing climbs and beautiful scenery in the heart of England with the London finish, which will be an undoubted highlight of the sporting calendar.
“Counties such as Northamptonshire, Warwickshire and Derbyshire have embraced The Women's Tour, so this year's edition will see yet more of the huge roadside crowds cheering on the world's best.”
Olympic champion Katie Archibald should be riding the race with WNT Pro Cycling, and said that she is looking forward to returning to the race for the first time since 2015.
“The race being hosted by London is a fantastic opportunity for women's cycling and shows how far the sport has grown over the past couple of years.
“I'm excited but also nervous about the opportunity to ride The Women's Tour since it's one of the most competitive stage races on the women's UCI calendar. Riding for Team WNT I hope to make an impact on the road scene after a change of focus from an enjoyable track season in 2016”.
The Women's Tour 2017 route: stage-by-stage
Stage one: Daventry to Kettering (148km)
The Women's Tour has visited Northamptonshire for every edition of the race, and will return once more in 2017, with a stage start in Daventry and a finish in Kettering.
Previous winners here have included Christine Majerus and Lotta Lepisto, so expect a bunch sprint to decide the race's opening yellow jersey
Stage two: Stoke-on-Trent to Stoke-on-Trent
Stoke-on-Trent has been a favourite haunt of both The Women's Tour and the Tour of Britain in recent years, and although full details of this stage have yet to be released, expect the same twisty uphill finish that saw Marianne Vos win in 2016.
Full details of stage two will be announced soon.
Stage three: Atherstone to Royal Leamingston Spa (151km)
Last year's stage from Atherstone to Stratford-upon-Avon saw Amy Pieters sprint to victory in foul conditions, so the peloton will be hoping for better weather on 2017's similar stage finishing in Leamington Spa.
There are some tough climbs in the the final third of the stage, another bunch sprint on the wide streets of the spa town.
Stage four: Chesterfield to Chesterfield (133km)
The 2016 Women's Tour was effectively decided on the stage to Chesterfield when Lizzie Deignan went on the attack to take the leader's jersey in a lump day in Derbyshire.
The 2017 Derbyshire stage is just as hard, with more than 2,000m of climbing and an extra 20km added in length.
Stage five: Central London (88.2km)
The Women's Tour makes its first trip to the capital, with a spectacular criterium around the streets of central London.
The stage will start and finish on Regent's Street, and take in Whitehall, Trafalgar Square, and Piccadilly Circus multiple times over the course of the six-lap race.
AIB is in early talks to acquire investment and stockbroking firm Investec Ireland, a month after the bailed-out lender exited a European Union state-aid restructuring plan that banned it from doing deals, according to sources.
The 71 per cent state-owned bank, which returned to the main stock markets in Dublin and London last June, is among a number of parties circling the Irish unit of South African financial services group Investec in what sources are describing as a competitive process. However, Investec has not made a definite decision to proceed with a sale of the business.
Spokesmen for AIB and Investec Ireland declined to comment when contacted by The Irish Times on Friday.
Deals
The development comes less than 15 months after the chief executive of Investec in Johannesburg said he was on the hunt for more deals in Ireland, as the company, which bought NCB Stockbrokers in 2012, needed further scale in its Irish wealth and investment management business. However, the fallout from Brexit has forced the group to weigh alternative options for the Irish unit.
Investec entered the Irish market in 2000 when it acquired treasury and corporate banking specialist Gandon Capital Markets. Twelve years later it bought NCB in a deal worth up to €32 million.
The Irish businesses, which employs about 250 people and is led by chief executive Michael Cullen, is involved in private banking, wealth management, capital markets and investment banking.
AIB, where Bernard Byrne is chief executive, exited the stockbroking business at the height of the financial crisis 2011 with the sale of Goodbody Stockbrokers to Kerry-based financial services group Fexco and management and staff in a deal worth €24 million. The acquisition of a securities and investment firm would serve to boost its non-interest income and diversify its profits.
Challenges
A sale of Investec Ireland to a regulated bank in the EU would help it get around challenges posed by Brexit to the business. While the company's Irish wealth management and investment business, Investec Capital & Investments (Ireland), is regulated by the Central Bank in Dublin, the banking unit, Investec Bank plc (Irish Branch), is authorised in the UK, where its immediate parent is based.
It is understood that one potential solution, seeking authorisation as a branch of a non-EU bank under a law change enacted in 2013, has proved difficult as the UK is still a member of the EU.
AIB's three-year EU restructuring plan on foot of a €20.8 billion taxpayer bailout during the financial crisis, which prevented the bank from making acquisitions without getting a derogation from the European Commission, expired at the end of last year. However, the bank would still need clearance from Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe for any significant deals.
One issue that may scupper a deal is the fact that bailed-out Irish banks are effectively banned from paying bonuses to employees, as they would be subject to a prohibitive 90 per cent tax under the 2011 Finance Act. Performance-related pay is a widespread feature of remuneration in the securities and investment industry.
German and U.S. flags flutter above the Karwendel mountains in the Bavarian village of Kruen , southern Germany, June 6, 2015. The Group of Seven (G7) two-day summit, being held at Elmau palace in Bavaria, begins on Sunday. REUTERS/Dominic Ebenbichler
DUESSELDORF, Germany Germany's engineering association expects exports to its top foreign market, the United States, to rise this year after a slide in 2016 as business sentiment is underpinned by a rising oil price and the absence of last year's election uncertainty.
The head of the VDMA, which has often warned about President Donald Trump's protectionist trade stance, said those factors remained despite evaporating optimism regarding Trump's ability to propel economic growth by fiscal stimulus and tax cuts.
"I don't expect exports to the United States to fall. On the contrary, I think they should increase," Carl Martin Welcker told Reuters in an interview on Wednesday, but added: "Business is always sentiment. It can fall just as fast."
The VDMA is Germany's largest industrial association, with over a million workers and 2016 sales of 220 billion euros ($237 billion). Its members include large companies such as Siemens (SIEGn.DE) as well as thousands of medium-sized firms.
Welcker said Europeans should now focus on persuading Trump's administration to see the benefits of transatlantic trade. "I wouldn't advise the Europeans to get their heavy weapons out of the cellar. We have to convince them," he said.
Welcker stuck to his forecast for just 1 percent output growth by the VDMA's members this year, after higher demand for German machinery from other euro zone countries drove a 9-percent increase in engineering orders in January.
"A month is not much to go on," said Welcker, ahead of the publication of February orders on Thursday. He cited Britain leaving the European Union, French and German elections, Trump, and a Turkish referendum as factors making 2017 hard to predict.
Welcker said the VDMA's exports to "important countries like China" had started the year better than expected, but sales in its biggest market, Germany, were stagnant, highlighting the risks to domestic production of rising labor and energy costs.
Exports to Russia had likely hit rock bottom, Turkey was unlikely to show any growth for the next few months and Iran was turning out to be a disappointment, he said.
Brexit, which was formally triggered on Wednesday, was the topic of much discussion in the industry but had not yet had any real effect in terms of causing German engineering firms to change their investment plans, he said.
He said he hoped for minimal disruption to trade with Britain but understood the European Union's need to make sure the UK did not gain an advantage by leaving, with the risk of encouraging others to follow suit.
"I do think we have a certain influence... but politics has primacy," he said. "There are boundaries, which we respect."
(Editing by Susan Thomas and Alexander Smith)
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Vera Katz, a Jewish refugee who was elected to three terms as Portland's mayor and helped transform it from a sleepy backwater into a trendy city known for its public transit, eco-conscious design and live-work architecture style, died Monday. She was 84.
Katz was diagnosed with acute leukemia this month after undergoing dialysis for more than a dozen years following cancer treatment.
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden called Katz an "indomitable woman" who left a lasting impact on Oregon and its largest city. She also served as first female speaker of the Oregon House.
A visionary urban planner with the ability to reach across the aisle, Mayor Katz oversaw plans for the internationally known Pearl District and neighborhoods along the Willamette River that changed the city into a hipster haven and international tourist destination.
Advertisement
A champion of the arts, Katz also oversaw construction of Lan Su Yuan, an intricate Suzhou-style Chinese garden in the heart of the city's old town that draws visitors from around the world.
"Vera Katz was more than a pioneer. She was a force. She escaped the Nazis. She battled cancer. She ran the House. She ran the city. She was a natural leader. Vera led and people followed," said Oregon Senate President Peter Courtney. "Oregon has lost a great human being."
Katz was born Vera Pistrak to Russian exiles in Dusseldorf, Germany, on Aug. 3, 1933, just as the Nazis were seizing power. When she was an infant, her family escaped to Paris and then, when she was 7, the family crossed the Pyrenees by foot into Spain.
She arrived in America on a Greek steamboat and grew up as a poor refugee in New York City.
"My mom was the embodiment of the American dream: coming with nothing and making life better not just for herself but for the countless others she touched," her son, Jesse Katz, said in a statement.
In 1964, Vera Katz moved to Portland with her husband, Mel, and worked as a stay-at-home mother.
She didn't become active in politics until age 34, when she volunteered for Robert F. Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.
Within five years, Katz was elected to the state Legislature and eventually became the first female speaker of the House, a job she kept for three terms.
She went on to serve three terms as Portland's mayor, from 1993 to 2005 — a critical period for a city that was on the cusp of evolution.
In both roles, Katz espoused progressive causes such as gender equality and gay rights long before they were mainstream and championed education, the arts and labor rights.
She sponsored a landmark school reform bill in the state House and helped pass gun control legislation.
Katz was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2000 and an aggressive form of uterine cancer in 2004.
Treatment for the cancer was successful but left her reliant on dialysis three times a week for 13 years, her family said. Earlier this month, she was diagnosed with acute leukemia and entered hospice.
A memorial will be held in January.
___
Follow Gillian Flaccus on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/gflaccus .
ST. PAUL -- Original Kiss members Gene Simmons and Ace Frehley have reunited for their first public appearance since their group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014.
But unlike that terse ceremony, they came to St. Paul's CHS field to play Wednesday night in their first show together in 16 years.
The event was a hurricane relief benefit that Simmons helped organize for the Minnesota-based charity Matter.ngo. The nonprofit focuses on feeding and aiding children worldwide, but after Harvey struck Texas in late August the concert's theme turned to assistance for Houston and surrounding areas.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta on Monday (August 14) reiterated an appeal for the opposition to shun violence and take any complaints to court, as opposition leader Raila Odinga refused to concede defeat and said the whole vote had been rigged.
The election commission on Friday (August 11) declared Kenyatta the winner of the presidential poll by 1.4 million votes. International observers said Tuesday's (August 8) vote was largely fair and a parallel tally by domestic monitors supported the outcome.
But protests have erupted in areas of Nairobi and Kisumu, where Odinga has strong support. The Kenya Red Cross said on Monday it had treated 177 people, of whom 108 had serious injuries, since the election.
Addressing the media in Nairobi, Kenyatta said “To our friends who are yet to accept the outcome, we continue to appeal to them that we have extended our arm and a hand of peace and a hand of friendship and for them to use whatever legal mechanism that have been created by our wonderful constitution to express their dissatisfaction. But I truly believe there is no single Kenyan anywhere who wants to continue to see violence, looting and demonstrations that end up destroying property. But if, like I said, there are those who are aggrieved and feel that they are not willing to accept, there are also constitutions laid down procedures that they can use to be able to express their dissatisfaction while allowing the many millions of Kenyans who wish to continue with their normal lives to do so.”
Kenyatta also urged police to exercise restraint. A Kenyan human rights group said on Saturday (August 12) that 24 people had been shot dead by police since election day but the government put the number of dead at ten.
Odinga called on Sunday (August 13) for a strike to support his claim to the presidency and accused the ruling party of “spilling the blood of innocent people” as he brushed off growing pressure to concede election defeat.
Kenyans largely ignored Odinga's call to go on strike on Monday, re-opening shops and returning to work as they shrugged off demands for demonstrations against Kenyatta's re-election and against the killing of protesters.
REUTERS
Special Olympics Philippines is keen on surpassing its 24-19-21 gold-silver-bronze medal haul in the 2015 World Special Olympic Games in Los Angeles, California, when it competes in the World Games in Abu Dhabi in March next year
“In the history of Special Olympics, we never went back home without medals,” Kaye Samson, national executive director of Special Olympics PH, told reporters on Monday during a press launch organized by FWD to Special Olympics at the Palms in Alabang, Muntilupa City.
Kaye Samson told reporters that 200 intellectually challenged athletes will see action in the National Games to be held from August 2 to 5 in Vigan, Ilocos Sur this year. The event will serve as a qualifying phase for the World Games.
“We're confident we are going to bring home more medals in the next World Games. If we sent 10 athletes, each of the athletes returns with two or three medals and yet the people didn't notice their accomplishments. The people think that they are competing just for fun. That's wrong because everyday they practice and the process of learning a sport is very difficult for them. It's all hard work,” Samson added.
The featured sports in the national games are aquatics, athletics, bocce, seven aside football for girls, five aside unified football, unified basketball, rhythmic gymnastics, artistic gymnastics (demo sport) and dancesport (modern and ballroom).
Samson said they will hold another qualifying tournament for bowling, badminton and powerlifting in a yet to be determined venue and date.
Unlike in the popular quadrennial Olympics, the Special Olympic Games are finding it difficult to get financial backings to support the training of athletes and the holding of competitions.
“We are now planning for the national games in preparation for the world games next year. We're asking for support to help our athletes who are working very hard,” explained Samson.
FWD Life Insurance announced that it would help the Special Olympics PH through their community care partnership program.
“Through this partnership, FWD aims to champion the dreams of young people with intellectual disabilities by creating an exclusive environment that provides equal opportunities,” said FWD Life Philippines president and chief executive officer Peter Grimes.
“FWD supports the vision of Special Olympics, using the power of sports to let people with intellectual abilities discover new strengths and abilities,” he added. “Through this partnership, we are excited to bring to life our community care vision to empower people to live fulfilled lives.”
A security camera at a home in Texas captured this footage of a mail carrier taking some time to give the homeowner's dogs some attention and treats.
Many of us dream about escaping to the country at some stage but the reality can often fall short. The long damp winters can turn living in the most picturesque of pastoral properties into an endurance test.
Corrageen is a country house at the foot of the Blackstairs mountains that has banished damp with the installation of underfloor heating. Situated about a mile from the Co Carlow border, the house is believed to date to the 17th century, but this luxury makes every corner of its ground floor feel toasty and goes some way to explaining how its houseplants have thrived with green shoots and tendrils climbing its open-plan conservatory.
The charming house, a former forge, has retained many of its original features including the forge fire in the TV room, the first room beyond the half-door threshold.
It leads through to the family room, a double-height space with lime-washed walls and an enormous open fire surrounded by granite and a wooden beam as a mantle. Underfoot are terracotta tiles that will radiate heat throughout the day. From here the upper level is accessed via a timber staircase and balustrade.
Through an opening is the cut-stone walled kitchen, designed by local craftsman Andrew Ryan. From here there is access to a sheltered courtyard area.
Part of the house is built into the side of the mountain and from the master bedroom there is access to an upper garden. This room has a walk through wardrobe and an en suite bathroom.
One of the property's four bedrooms is at hall level and has an en suite bathroom.
Corageen
Corageen
Corageen
Barn conversion
Adjoining the main house is a big barn with a vaulted ceiling supported by crossbeams. Clerestory windows along one side bring light in while maintaining privacy with double doors on the other side leading out to the main courtyard. There is terracotta tiling on the floor here too. Its one bedroom is situated upstairs where there is also access to the upper garden via a second conservatory.
Combined, the main house and barn measure 344sq m/3,702sq ft. The property includes further outhouses and farm buildings that could be converted. Set on 24 acres Corrageen, which first came to market last year seeking €720,000, is now back on the market for €750,000 through agent SherryFitzGerald.
For illustrative purposes only.
Dubai: A 28-year-old man was arrested for growing marijuana plants in his Abu Dhabi home.
Brig General Dr Rashid Bu Rasheed, director of Criminal Investigation Department (CID) at Abu Dhabi Police said: “The Asian man had soil, lighting and controlled the temperature in his home in order to grow and sustain the marijuana plants."
Brig Gen Bu Rasheed explained that an investigation team was aware of the suspect and had been following him for some time. Police eventually caught the suspect red-handed while he was attempting to sell nearly half a kilo of the plants.
Police have since seized the illegal substances.
The suspect also possessed more than 600 grams of marijuana, including a large quantity of seeds.
During the interrogation, the suspect confessed to harvesting the marijuana plants, and the case has been transferred to public prosecution.
In 2016, an Emirati man was sentenced to 10 years in jail for planting 38 marijuana plants in his Dubai villa and a Dh50,000 fine. According to Dubai Police, the majority of the plants were found on the ground floor of the villa and some of the plants had reached up to 1.5 metres in height.
The suspect had partitioned a room on the ground floor into three to grow the plants, and also possessed marijuana-drying equipment.
Airtel posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 82.9 crore (or 21 paisas per share) in January-March quarter of 2017-18 fiscal as compared to Rs 373.4 crore (or 93 paisas a share) in the same period of the previous fiscal.
This was the eighth consecutive drop in quarterly profit and the smallest since April-June 2004.
Billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio, which debuted in September 2016, has signed up a staggering 168 million subscribers by offering affordable data and free calls (and ploughing billions of dollars into the infrastructure and network that transmits them).
Without naming Jio, Gopal Vittal, MD and CEO, India and South Asia, Bharti Airtel said: "The telecom industry continues to witness below cost, artificially suppressed pricing".
Also, industry revenues were further adversely impacted this quarter due to the reduction in international termination rates, he said.
Airtel, he said, continued to consolidate its leadership position during the fourth and last quarter of 2017-18 fiscal.
"Our strategic investments in data capacities, innovative digital content through Airtel TV, customer friendly bundles and upgrade programs led to the highest ever mobile data customer additions of 15 million during the quarter," Vittal said.
Bharti Airtel ended the fiscal year with its highest ever capital expenditure of Rs 24,000 crore. "We intend to continue the rollout momentum next year as well," Vittal added.
Airtel's total revenue fell by 10.5 per cent to Rs 19,634 crore in the fourth quarter of 2017-18, according to an Airtel statement.
For the full fiscal year that ended in March 2018, Airtel's net profit came in at Rs 1,099 crore, over 71 per cent lower than Rs 3,800 crore logged in FY 2016-17.
During the quarter, the India revenues fell 7.5 per cent year-on-year on an adjusted basis to Rs 14,796 crore, even as Africa revenue grew 10.7 per cent over the same period of previous year, fuelled by "strong growth in data and Airtel money transaction value".
Commenting on the domestic market performance, the company said, "Year on year growth primarily (was) impacted by mobile drop of 13.5 per cent".
Other businesses have witnessed healthy year-on-year growth, that is, 10.7 per cent in Digital TV and 11.2 per cent in Airtel Business on an underlying basis, it added.
The company said that its customer base, now at 413.8 million spanning 16 countries, is 12.1 per cent higher year on year (excluding divested units).
Bharti Airtel said that the acquisition of Tigo Rwanda country operations in Africa have been consummated, during the quarter.
Giving details of other operational parameters, Airtel said that the mobile data traffic swelled to 1,616 billion megabytes (MB) in the quarter, up 505 per cent over the year-ago period.
India de-growth weighed in the full year performance too, and the company ended FY18 with total revenue of Rs 83,688 crore, down by 12.3 per cent (on reported basis) over the previous financial year.
The consolidated net debt increased to Rs 95,228 crore from Rs 91,714 crore in the previous quarter, said the company which competes with operators like Vodafone, Idea Cellular and newcomer Reliance Jio in the highly-competitive telecom market in India.
"Lower EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Tax Depreciation and Amortisation (EBITDA) along with rising spectrum costs and continued investments in India have resulted in deterioration of Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) to 4.7 per cent from 6.5 per cent in the previous year," the statement said.
The Board has declared a final dividend of Rs 2.5 per share (face value of Rs 5 per share) for the financial year ended March 31, 2018. Given the interim dividend of Rs 2.84 per share, the total dividend for the year comes to Rs 5.34 per share which is entirely a pass-through of dividend from the subsidiaries, the company added.
Shares of Bharti Airtel ended at Rs 406.10 apiece on BSE, up 0.61 per cent over the previous closing. The results were announced after the close of market hours. For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India's largest private telecom firm, on Tuesday reported its lowest quarterly net profit in at least 14 years, as competition with free voice calls and dirt-cheap data tariffs from new entrant Reliance Jio ate into its margins.
* Philippines up after 3 sessions of falls * Malaysia resumes trade after 2-day holiday * Thailand extends gain into third session By Karthika Suresh Namboothiri Feb 2 (Reuters) - Most Southeast Asian stock markets rose on Friday with the Philippines heading for its first gain in four sessions, while Singapore slipped for a third day in four. The Philippine Stock Exchange PSEI Index climbed as much as 0.6 percent, boosted by financials and industrials, but was on track to end the week lower for the first time in nine weeks. It has shed over 3 percent so far this week. BDO Unibank Inc jumped as much as 1.6 percent on Friday, while JG Summit Holdings rose as much as 2 percent. Thai shares extended their rise in to a third session, adding as much as 0.5 percent, on the back of gains in energy stocks and were on track to post their tenth straight weekly rise. Index heavyweight PTT Pcl jumped over 2 percent to a record high. U.S. oil rose for a third straight session after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production. Indonesian shares climbed nearly 1 percent, buoyed by financials with Bank Central Asia hitting a record high. For the week, they were slightly down after three consecutive weeks of gains. Singapore shares dropped as much as 0.7 percent to a two-week low, dragged by financials. Bankers United Overseas Bank shed 1.2 percent, while Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp declined 1 percent to a more than four-week low. Singapore shares have shed 0.7 percent so far this week, heading for their first weekly drop in six. Malaysian shares resumed trading on a sombre note after two days of holidays. Meanwhile, Asian shares stumbled as talk of policy tightening in Europe and expectations that inflation is set to gear higher drove up borrowing costs globally. Investors now await the U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for January, for clues on the strength of the labour market. Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs in January after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: AS AT 0332 GMT Market Current Previous close Pct Move Singapore 3539.8 3547.23 -0.21 Bangkok 1839.8 1833.6 0.34 Manila 8768.71 8738.72 0.34 Jakarta 6633.117 6598.459 0.53 Kuala Lumpur 1870.3 1868.58 0.09 Ho Chi Minh 1096.76 1099.67 -0.26 Change on year Market Current End 2017 Pct Move Singapore 3539.8 3402.92 4.02 Bangkok 1839.8 1753.71 4.91 Manila 8768.71 8558.42 2.46 Jakarta 6633.117 6355.654 4.37 Kuala Lumpur 1870.3 1796.81 4.09 Ho Chi Minh 1096.76 984.24 11.43 (Reporting by Karthika Suresh Namboothiri; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
LAST week's column, “SC co-equal branch?” (TMT, April 18) discussed the “independence” of the judiciary visualized from the angle of the Sereno quo warranto petition, and the President's purported non-involvement in this affair. Today's column will touch on the role of the third co-equal branch of government, the Congress, with respect to the clear admonition of DU30 that Chief Justice Sereno is now his enemy and needs to be booted out.
“I will ask Speaker Alvarez now, kindly fast-track the impeachment…do it now. Cut the drama or else I will do it for you.”
“It will be done once we resume sessions,” Speaker Alvarez meekly replied. (Philippine Daily Inquirer, April 10, 2018)
I have yet to parse what the President meant exactly by his statement except for its clear element of a threat by the executive against half of the legislature.
Sereno's goose is cooked, thanks to the House of Representative (HoR) which will now have to do the President's bidding, reducing itself into an institutional doormat. By passing on to the Senate the bill of particulars, this act will be equivalent to a messy self-castration by the honorable congressmen. The Chief Justice will now seek justice from the Senate sitting as judges in an impeachment court. If the Corona scenario will be replayed, we are going to have senators making a lot of moolahs from the endeavor. The irony is simply overwhelming.
This column will not dwell on the mechanics of the impeachment of the Chief Justice, if ever there is one. I am looking at this sordid affair from another angle: the imperial presidency and its impact on the bureaucracy and the body politic. In a three-part series on “the imperial presidency” (TMT, June 22 and 29; July 6, 2017), I used as reference an excellent book by Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr. published in 1974. I will cite the same reference to examine an angle on the actuations of the Deegong that encroaches upon the principle of the co-equality of the three branches of government. This is not a treatise on the principle of checks and balance enshrined in our Constitution. This is simply a depiction of how the executive branch bullies the judiciary and the legislature – and gets away with it.
The imperial presidency hypothesis in Schlesinger's book is buttressed by the long history of the American presidency. I wrote then: “My take on this book is the that the evolution of the American presidency has been impacted and eventually distorted by a combination of the acts of the respective occupant himself, the non-vigilance of the American Congress and the realities and exigencies of geopolitics; thus, giving rise to the imperial presidency.”
Schlesinger wrote: “During time of emergencies, US Presidents unilaterally assumed enormous powers but ceased control once the emergency is gone. Congress thereby reasserting itself.” (Lincoln during the American civil war and Roosevelt in World War 2)
In the Philippine context, the best example of the imperial presidency was that of Ferdinand Marcos. His was the fruit of a series of perversions and weakening of democratic institutions, bits and pieces at first, then castration of the Congress and the judiciary, culminating in a purported crisis, one of his own making, and then the declaration of martial law, establishing his regime as a full-fledged dictatorship.
Unlike the counterpart American Presidents who unilaterally ceased control and power once the emergency was over, in the case of Marcos, his powers were not unilaterally ceded and lasted for a good part of two decades ending in political upheaval in 1986.
In the present context, the Philippines with its weak democratic institutions is ripe for the emergence of a strong-willed leader. I wrote then that the Deegong was inevitable, that what was needed was a strongman President in “a weak state populated by weak leaders.”
This is what we have now, an imperial presidency, courtesy of weak institutions, especially the co-equal branches riven by conflicts of personal and political self-interest. We may soon see the total taming and acquiescence of a lame judiciary and the surrender of congressional prerogatives and subsequent dismantling of the principle of checks and balance.
And in the dominant executive branch the exercise of arbitrary decisions by the imperial president will be the norm. We already have inklings of that when the DU30 proclaimed what could be the Duterte Doctrine on corruption: He said he will “…not tolerate any corruption in his administration and he will dismiss from office any of his men (women) who are tainted even by a ‘whiff of corruption'; and he is ready to sack any public officials even on the basis of false allegations of corruption.” (Inquirer.net, March 30, 2017, emphasis mine)
This is a dangerous attribute of an imperial presidency, and I wrote then: “There is no question that the president has the power to terminate from government anyone who fails to serve at his pleasure. But the President must be subject to the minimums of fairness and the etiquette of dismissal, for no apparent reason than that the process is widely regarded as civilized behavior. But more importantly, there is a greater overarching principle that covers the conduct of the mighty, the powerful and the humble – the rule of law.”
The seasoning of the imperial presidency will continue as PRRD indulges in the capricious usurpation of decisions which by the principle of subsidiarity should have been lodged with his alter-egos – cabinet members and their departments and the regulatory agencies. The closure of Boracay upon the President's pronouncement that it was a cesspool and his declaration to turn it into a land reform area have elicited contradictory responses from his own bureaucracy.
Similar presidential outbursts meant to shock and dramatize have been the style of the president from the very beginning, when he threatened to fatten Manila Bay with the bodies of illegal drug pushers and the enforcement of his dreaded tokhang. All these, plus his intimidating demeanor is erroneously equated as the quintessence of political will.
These anomalies are just symptoms of decades-long history of systemic discordance in our practice of governance; one that is grounded in a unitary presidential government with a highly centralized authority. The resultant weakness of democratic institutions has inevitably augured the creeping evils and abusive measures which are manifested in an imperial presidency.
Paradoxically, with an inherent rotten system; with the dismantling of the concept of “co-equal branch of government for check and balance”; and absent the traditional moral voice of the formal churches—Duterte's imperial presidency could be what the doctor prescribed.
Except, if allowed unchecked, we might just find ourselves one day ruled by another full dictatorship!
ChocoCraft make the best corporate Diwali gifts with printed chocolates. Our gift items are perfect diwali gift for employees since these are customised and contains diwali greetings.
Contact
CHOCOCRAFT
Vijay Dhawan
***@chococraft.in CHOCOCRAFTVijay Dhawan
End
-- Corporate Gifting is an important aspect of building relationships with people that are important to a company or organisation. A small gift serves as a reminder that the organisation truly values their efforts. The emotional and sentimental value of the gift far exceeds its monetary value for the person who receives it.A carefully chosen corporate gift can help a business in a number of different ways. For clients and customers it would be a engender loyalty to the product or brand that they frequently purchase. For employees and business partner it is something that adds a personal touch to the work relationship. It provides a sort of emotional connect to the organisation and boosts enthusiasm towards the work. For employees also it serves to increase to boost their morale.Companies choose to give out gifts on a number of occasions. Employees are given out gifts on their birthdays and sometimes on the anniversary of the day they join the organisation. Some firms also welcome new hires with a small gift. Employees are also given gifts on festive occasions like Diwali, Christmas and New Years.For clients and customers also gifts are given out at various opportunities. Customers sometimes receive a gift with a high value purchase like a house or a car. Sometimes if a company launches a new product or a brand they give out gifts to all the people who attend such an event. Festivals of course are another occasion where businesses give gifts to their clients. Most companies in India therefore give out gifts on Diwali ( https://www.chococraft.in/ pages/corporate- diwali-gifts ) which is perhaps one of the most popular festivals in India.Corporate Diwali gifts are chosen very carefully as they should be something that represents them well in the minds of their employees or clients. ChocoCraft ( http://www.chococraft.in/ ) has launched a range of innovative chocolate gifts for Diwali. Exclusively designed for each client these chocolates gift boxes make excellent Diwali gifts for corporates. Although chocolate gifts have been around for a while ChocoCraft puts a unique spin on them by printing the corporate logo on chocolates in edible ink.
by
Leave it to historian David McCullough, author of “Mornings on Horseback,” to share remarks made by a very young Theodore Roosevelt in 1886, when he was a young rancher in the Dakota Badlands, about the importance of the 4th of July:
“I am peculiarly glad to have an opportunity of addressing you, my fellow citizens of Dakota, on the Fourth of July, because it always seems to me that those who dwell in a new territory, and whose actions, therefore, are peculiarly fruitful, for good and for bad alike, in shaping the future, have in consequence peculiar responsibilities. . . . Much has been given to us, and so, much will be expected of us; and we must take heed to use aright the gifts entrusted to our care.
The Declaration of Independence derived its peculiar importance, not on account of what America was, but because of what she was to become; she shared with other nations the present, and she yielded to them the past, but it was felt in return that to her, and to her especially, belonged the future. It is the same with us here. We, grangers and cowboys alike, have opened a new land; and we are the pioneers, and as we shape the course of the stream near its head, our efforts have infinitely more effect, in bending it in any given direction . . . In other words, the first comers in a land can, by their individual efforts, do far more to channel out the course in which its history is to run than can those who come after them; and their labors, whether exercised on the side of evil or on the side of good, are far more effective than if they had remained in old settled communities.
So it is peculiarly incumbent on us here today so to act throughout our lives as to leave our children a heritage, for which we will receive their blessing and not their curse. . . . If you fail to work in public life, as well as in private, for honesty and uprightness and virtue, if you condone vice because the vicious man is smart, or if you in any other way cast your weight into the scales in favor of evil, you are just so far corrupting and making less valuable the birthright of your children. . . .
“It is not what we have that will make us a great nation; it is the way in which we use it.
I do not undervalue for a moment our material prosperity; like all Americans, I like big things; big prairies, big forests and mountains, big wheat fields, railroads—and herds of cattle, too— big factories, steamboats, and everything else. But we must keep steadily in mind that no people were ever yet benefited by riches if their prosperity corrupted their virtue. It is of more importance that we should show ourselves honest, brave, truthful, and intelligent, than that we should own all the railways and grain elevators in the world. We have fallen heirs to the most glorious heritage a people ever received, and each one must do his part if we wish to show that the nation is worthy of its good fortune. Here we are not ruled over by others, as in the case of Europe; we rule ourselves. All American citizens, whether born here or elsewhere, whether of one creed or another, stand on the same footing; we welcome every honest immigrant no matter from what country he comes, provided only that he leaves off his former nationality, and remains neither Celt nor Saxon, neither Frenchman nor German, but becomes an American, desirous of fulfilling in good faith the duties of American citizenship”
“When we thus rule ourselves, we have the responsibilities of sovereigns, not of subjects. We must never exercise our rights either wickedly or thoughtlessly; we can continue to preserve them in but one possible way, by making the proper use of them. In a new portion of the country, especially here in the Far West, it is peculiarly important to do so; and on this day of all others we ought soberly to realize the weight of the responsibility that rests upon us. I am, myself, at heart as much a Westerner as an Easterner; I am proud, indeed, to be considered one of yourselves, and I address you in this rather solemn strain today, only because of my pride in you, and because your welfare, moral as well as material, is so near my heart.”
Theodore Roosevelt was President of the United States from September 14, 1901 – March 4, 1909. Excerpt From: Mornings on Horseback: The Story of an Extraordinary Family, a Vanished Way of Life and the Unique Child Who Became Theodore Roosevelt by Simon & Schuster.
Tyrone McKenna has loved all the praise and support since Saturday's narrow and brutal defeat to Jack Catterall but never wants to taste defeat again.
The Belfast fighter overcame an early onslaught from WBO-ranked Catterall and came on strong in the latter stages of a brutal contest in Belfast – eventually losing out on a close but unanimous decision.
The home fighter's defiance in the face of an impressive Catterall brought deafening roars from all four corners of a packed SSE Arena.
McKenna (16-1-1-KO6) said: “Everyone is showing a lot of love. I've never had so many messages.
“Everyone is telling me I'm a warrior, that I proved my level and that they can't wait to see me fight again.
“The feedback has been great and I'm really grateful for it all. The fact remains that getting beaten isn't ideal and hopefully it'll be the last time it ever happens.
“I'll give Jack great credit – nobody has hit me as hard as he did in those first two rounds.
“After that, either I adjusted to it or he got a little weaker, but he's very good and hard to hit clean in return. He has a weird stance.
“I've always known I was tough.
“ In sparring I get battered early and then come on strong. I knew I'd start slowly against Jack and then come in to the fight in the latter stages.
“I have more courage than I thought. I took some heavy, heavy shots in there and laughed them off and came back.
“My corner was considering pulling me out at one stage but there was no way I was going to let that happen.
“I'm left with nine stitches and six staples but fights like that just make me want to fight every week.”
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — The use of the term "alternative facts" by Kellyanne Conway, an adviser to President Donald Trump, tops a Yale Law School librarian's list of the most notable quotes of 2017.
The statement Conway made when asked why Trump's then-Press Secretary Sean Spicer mischaracterized the size of inauguration crowds is one of many Trump-related quotations on the list, assembled by Fred Shapiro, an associate director at the library.
"I actually had to limit the amount of Trump-related quotations on the list so as not to have the list overwhelmed by him," Shapiro said.
The yearly list is an update to "The Yale Book of Quotations," which was first published in 2006. Shapiro chooses quotes that are famous or revealing of the spirit of the times, and not necessarily eloquent or admirable.
Advertisement
___
THE LIST
1. "Sean Spicer, our press secretary, gave alternative facts." — Kellyanne Conway, interview on NBC "Meet the Press," Jan. 22.
2. "Alternative facts are not facts, they're falsehoods." — Chuck Todd, interview of Kellyanne Conway on "Meet the Press," Jan. 22.
3. "I just fired the head of the FBI. He was crazy, a real nut job. I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off." — Trump, as reported by The New York Times, explaining the firing of James Comey to visiting Russian officials, May 10.
4. "With respect to any women who have made allegations on the record, Mr. Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual." — Sallie Hofmeister, spokeswoman for Harvey Weinstein, Oct. 10.
5. "Make our planet great again." — Emmanuel Macron, statement on the withdrawal of the United States from the Paris climate agreement, June 1.
6. "We can't have the inmates running the prison." — Robert McNair, owner of the Houston Texans football team, describing players protesting the national anthem, as quoted in ESPN The Magazine, Oct. 27.
7. "Yes." — Elizabeth Warren, responding to Jake Tapper's question on whether the 2016 Democratic primaries were rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton, in an interview on CNN's "The Lead," Nov. 2.
8. "And the Academy Award ... for Best Picture ... La La Land." — Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway, mistakenly reading the wrong winner for Best Picture in an envelope mix-up, Academy Awards ceremony, Feb. 27.
9. "It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center." — Bob Corker, Republican senator from Tennessee, in a tweet, Oct. 8.
10. "There is too much money in the world." — Lawrence Luhring, art dealer, reacting to the sale of a painting possibly by Leonardo da Vinci for over $450 million, as quoted in The New York Times, Nov. 16.
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This week saw your columnist make an unexpected visit to a Peak District pub I'd had recommended to me some time ago but not got around to reaching.
The George at Alstonefield has a massive reputation for upmarket food and has been praised frequently by national newspapers for it. But the interesting thing about the George is that it manages to hold on to the traditional village pub feel too.
Walkers are as welcome at this 400-year-old pub as are well-heeled diners and, I would hope, locals too. I saw no reason why not.
An unexpected visit? Well, frankly, it wasn't going to be a beer day. Mrs Crawford and I were heading for the Newton House Hotel Tearooms on the A515 Ashbourne-Buxton road but it turned out to be closed on the day. Trip Advisor comments suggest we were not the first to find it unexpectedly closed.
Anyway, the place is right next to the turn-off for Alstonefield and I remembered the George.
It's a lovely drive of a mile or so, swooping down a dale and then up one, leaving Derbyshire for Staffordshire just as you enter the village.
Would the George be open on a weekday lunchtime in January? Most certainly, although, as most pubs used to, it still closes mid-afternoon before reopening for the evening.
It was fairly busy too.
The cosy, warm bar has a real fire roaring and was filling up. We asked if it was OK to sit in the other dining room, across the central corridor from the bar. Once in a while, I've been told that a room “wasn't open” on a fairly quiet day in a pub and it always irritates me. In the bar, we'd have been a bit squashed.
Anyway, no problem. The polite chap behind the bar cautioned that it might not be very warm but the furthest table in the corner was next to a radiator. Just for good measure, a couple of minutes later, he got stuck in to firing up the burner in the room, too, returning to it several times until it was roaring away to his satisfaction.
We only had sandwiches, beef for me, Gloucester Old Spot sausages for Mrs C, which come with chips and trimmings.
As we warmed up, January was giving us all four seasons outside. Horizontal snow was accompanied by blue skies and bright sunshine for a memorable 10 minutes or so and there are plenty of snowdrops on the two village greens outside the pub.
Inside, the pub is immaculately maintained in a determinedly traditional style, with lime-plastered walls, solid wood farmhouse-style tables and a mix of thick, wooden flooring in the dining room and quarry tiles in the bar. There are fresh flowers and candles.
It's not always an easy ambience to get right. Sometimes, it's as if a place is trying too hard to be “traditional”, as if traditional is something you get out of a manual.
Not so with the George. Everything about the service and the menus is right up with what we expect in the 21st century but it conveys the impression that it might not have been much different sitting by the fire in this pub 50 or 100 years ago.
They get walkers, cyclists, horse-riders. In summer, there is lots of seating outside and they can open up an outbuilding called the Coach House across the car park on extra busy days.
Beer? Three traditional ales. Marston's Pedigree and Burton Bitter and Young's London Gold. Yes, I know Marston's have renamed Burton Bitter “Saddle Tank” but the new branding hasn't reached Alstonefield yet, with the old pump clips still in place. I always liked Burton Bitter as a session ale anyway and both it and the London Gold were in good order.
I continue to like Young's beers, from London, especially their bitter, despite being uneasy about Charles Wells, whose Bombardier is one of the dullest of beers, buying them out in 2011.
Have I got across that the George is a pub where they have got their niche sorted out and are working very hard to maintain their place within it? I hope so.
As it happens, the pub has changed hands since it was first recommended to me. Graham and Siobhan Penrose-Johnson took it over as recently as August but it would appear from all evidence I can dig up in the form if reviews that the transfer from the family that had previously been running it for three generations has been seamless – certainly the plaudits have not stopped coming and on the evidence of my visit, they won't any time soon.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There is no name for the bran condition little Alfie Evans is suffering from.
One judge has suggested it may one day be named after the Liverpool toddler.
What we do know is that doctors say the condition is “relentless and progressive” and has resulted in signs of a very high water content in the brain.
Alder Hey hospital, where Alfie is brought treated has said the youngster has suffered “catastrophic degradation of his brain tissue” over time.
In February the High Court, sitting at Liverpool Family and Civil Court, heard many hours of evidence about the undiagnosed abnormality.
Here, BirminghamLive's sister title the Liverpool Echo has outlined what is known of the rare condition at this point.
What is wrong with Alfie?
(Image: PA)
Alfie has a progressive neuro-degenerative disease associated with severe epilepsy.
The vast majority of neuro-degenerative diseases are irreversible and have no treatment or cure.
Children with neuro-degenerative diseases are often born with no symptoms of these diseases and appear perfectly healthy.
Over time however the symptoms of the disease develop as vital nerve tissue is destroyed.
The ability to eat, smile, communicate, swallow and breathe can be lost by those affected.
What has happened to Alfie's brain?
In simple terms, the vast majority of white matter in Alfie's brain has been wiped out.
Doctors say Alfie has suffered significant brain damage because of a progressive, degenerative condition that has left his brain mostly as water and spinal fluid.
A judge said a brain scan as early as November 2016 showed Alfie's brain was “not right”.
Since then, “destructive” changes have destroyed the pathways which regulate the vital “control structure” in the brain - responsible for processing any information, from touch to sound to taste to smell.
Experts say it has also affected the area responsible for being awake and responsive.
The most recent scan referred to in court showed that only around 30% of the white matter, “or perhaps less”, remained in Alfie's brain.
How has his brain changed over time?
(Image: PA)
An initial brain scan in November 2016 showed some white matter abnormality, which has continued to progress.
An initial EEG – a “brainwave test” – showed Alfie was suffering from infantile spasms, a particular type of seizure that can occur in the first year of life.
An epilepsy expert said more recent EEGs showed there was now “nothing happening” in terms of Alfie's brainwaves between seizures.
She said this showed the cortex of his brain was not functioning other than to produce seizures.
The cortex is behind many of our key bodily functions, including thinking and awareness.
Another doctor who gave evidence during the court case said recent images showed an increase in water content and a reduction in fatty tissues.
Could Alfie's brain recover?
Doctors who gave evidence during the court case said Alfie's brain had continued to deteriorate and his underlying neurological, degenerative disease had progressed.
They said they did not believe there was any chance of recovery.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Alfie's dad Tom has questioned whether nerve cells in his brain could recover if the destructive process slows down.
But experts told the court case brain tissue cannot regenerate and once nerve cells are destroyed, they are gone.
Alder Hey witness Dr A said in his opinion the areas of Alfie's brain showing some function will stop functioning and will not improve.
Why does Alfie have seizures and appear to respond to touch if his brain is being destroyed?
Doctors who were asked about this during the court case say Alfie's brain does not have the ability to transmit any meaningful information, even if neurones are capable of generating them.
Alfie's family see videos of him appearing to respond to touch as vital evidence that his life support must not be removed.
Experts called by Alder Hey say these are “reflex” movements in response to stimulation.
One, who can be referred to only as Dr A, said these involuntary responses were generated by brain stem tissue and can happen any time as an “auto-pilot response”.
What about people with brain conditions who do recover?
In some cases when part of the brain was damaged, other areas of the brain can take over the functions.
This is particularly true in young brains, and even more so in babies.
But in Alfie's case, doctors said this only applied when issues are limited to certain areas of the brain - whereas his whole brain is affected.
They say this means it is impossible to perceive any other areas – which are equally injured or non-functioning – taking over any of these functions.
Why hasn't the condition been diagnosed?
Genetic testing and other medical investigations have taken place, but doctors have not been able to confirm the specific condition or type of neuro-degenerative condition Alfie has.
Medical experts from Alder Hey and other hospitals, both in the UK and abroad, believe it is irreversible and untreatable.
A doctor giving evidence during the court case said he had seen similar “patterns” of decline in other patient's brains, but not at Alfie's age or with such severity.
Although supporters still hope the condition can be formally diagnosed, Alder Hey said this would not help identify any additional treatment that would reverse his symptoms or make Alfie better.
They say he has remained unresponsive to every available treatment.
France Under-20 26 Ireland Under-20 24
Fortune doesn't always favour the brave because if it did, Ireland would have won their opening World Under-20 Championship encounter at Stade Aimé Giral in Perpignan on Wednesday night. France played the better rugby and their three converted tries in the 10 minutes after half-time transformed a 17-5 deficit into what ultimately proved a game-winning lead.
Ireland's Diarmuid Barron, Tommy O'Brien, Caelan Doris, Jack Dunne and Matthew Agnew were standout performers but every member of the pack deserves huge credit. The disappointment will be acute because with a little better discipline they could have rescued a victory.
The first half was laden with incidents. France's left wing Maxime Marty might have crossed for a hat-trick of tries but had to settle for one, denied by a brilliant cover tackle at the corner flag and then when his fullback Clement Laporte butchered a simple two-on-one run-in by delaying the pass.
If the Ireland defence enjoyed a charmed existence on those occasions, they fully deserved their 17-5 half-time lead, based on a monumental performance from the pack.
The visitors discovered a soft underbelly when taking on the French defence through the middle and on the fringes of rucks, and it was a precursor to their two tries, the first from Donegal-born flanker Joe Dunleavy and a sharp finish from the excellent scrumhalf Hugh O'Sullivan in first-half injury time.
At that point Ireland were a man down, tighthead prop Jack Aungier penalised for a high tackle on French outhalf Romain Ntamack. It was a particularly costly indiscretion because as play initially continued Ireland's right wing Tom Roche stepped in to intercept a French pass and raced 40-metres to the French line.
However, after consulting with the television match official Graham Hughes, referee Karl Dickson, the former Harlequins scrumhalf, ruled out the try and brandished the yellow card. A word too for his immediate replacement Joe Byrne, he came on and locked out a couple of scrums when his team had seven forwards.
Whatever pep talk France received at the interval it worked as they scored three tries within 10 minutes of the re-start through their halfbacks, Coville and Ntamack and a second from Marty – the latter converted all three – but appreciably facilitated by some naive and brittle Irish defence. It was an issue during the Six Nations and it resurfaced in Perpignan; too many missed straight up tackles.
Unfortunately the malaise spread to the lineout and the scrum, Ireland's error-rate began to spiral as they fatigued but there is plenty of character and courage in this team and despite the physical ravages of the contest they scored a third try on 71 minutes, scored and converted by Harry Byrne to make it 26-24 to the home side. The outstanding Barron carried brilliantly several times.
But just when Ireland needed to be precise and clinical they conceded three quick penalties that allowed the home side a lineout five metres from the Irish line – bizarrely France turned down a kick at goal – but the visitors snaffled the ball back and a great run and kick by Johnny Stewart gave Ireland one final opportunity; a final turnover allowed France to hold out.
SCORING SEQUENCE – 4 mins: Marty try, 5-0; 17: H Byrne penalty, 5-3; 21: Dunleavy try, H Byrne conversion, 5-10; 40 (+1): O'Sullivan try, H Byrne conversion, 5-17. Half-time: 5-17. 43: Coville try, Ntamack conversion, 12-17; 44: Ntamack try, Ntamack try conversion, 19-17; 50: Marty try, Ntamack try, 26-17; 71: H Byrne try, H Byrne conversion, 26-24.
FRANCE U-20: C Laporte; L Tauzin, P-L Barassi, A Securet, M Marty; R Ntamack, A Coville; H Kolincar, M Lamothe, D Brennan; T Lavault, K Geraci; S Zegueur, C Woki, C Francoz.
Replacements: J Joseph for Zegueur (32 mins); D Bamba for Brennan (half-time); J B Gros for Kollingar; G Marchand for Lamothe (both 50 mins); P-H Azagoh for Geraci (55 mins); J Gimbert for Coville; M Lebel for Marty (both 65 mins).
IRELAND U-20: M Silvester (Dublin University); T Roche (Lansdowne), T O'Brien (UCD), P Sylvester (UCC), D Hurley (Young Munster); H Byrne (UCD), H O'Sullivan (Clontarf); J French (UCC), D Barron(Garryowen), J Aungier (St Mary's College); M Dalton (Malone), J Dunne(Dublin University); J Dunleavy (Malone), M Agnew (Ballymena), C Doris (St Mary's College, capt).
Replacements: S O'Brien (Clontarf) for Hurley (27 mins); J Byrne (Dublin University) for Dunleavy (36-43 mins) and for Aungier (57 mins); C Daly (Clontarf) for Dalton (HIA, 50 mins); C Dean (St Mary's College) for H Byrne (HIA, 50-58 mins); A Hall (Ballynahinch) for Dunleavy; J Stewart (QUB) for O'Sullivan (both 67 mins); D Sheehan (Dublin University) for Barron (75 mins).
Yellow card: Jack Aungier (Ireland) 33 mins.
Referee: K Dickson (England)
A Benfleet restaurant's licence has been revoked following an operation which led to the discovery of five illegal workers.
The Benfleet Tandoori Indian Restaurant, in High St, South Benfleet, was visited on Thursday June 8, by Immigration Enforcement officers and officers from Essex Police.
Intelligence had indicated that there were people working illegally on the premises.
Officers found a total of five men from Bangladesh, who were working illegally in either the kitchen, or as waiters.
At the hearing on Wednesday, August 3, the panel heard that the licensee had not carried out right to work checks and as a result, the restaurant's licence was revoked by the Castle Point Licensing Committee.
Three men were escorted from the premises by immigration officers. Another two men were arrested under the Immigration Act 1971 as they had no permission to be in the UK.
One departed the UK voluntarily on 13 August and the other is in immigration detention, pending his removal from the country.
Essex Police county licensing officer, Stephen Sparrow, presented the case at the hearing, supported by an immigration officer.
He said: "I hope the message is clear. If licensees employ illegal workers, the consequences can be very serious.
"Right to work checks must be carried out if employing foreign nationals. If in doubt check with your local licensing officer or visit the government's website which gives very clear guidance on right to work checks.
"We work closely with Immigration Enforcement in Essex and are building ever stronger links with our colleagues in neighbouring county forces too."
Anyone who wishes to inform police or immigration officials of concerns relating to the welfare of illegal workers, should contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or the Immigration Hotline on 0300 123 7000 or online at gov.uk/report-immigration-crime.
Guidance on right to work checks for employers can be found here: https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/right-to-work-checks-employers-guide#history
After Khanyi posted a picture of herself looking light skinned, social media went in on her saying that she had become too light, while others posted pictures shading the star.
Despite the shade Khanyi was unmoved, instead saying that even when people question how she lives her life, she decides to focus on how blessed she is.
Khanyi has been in the entertainment industry for 13 years now.
Here's a look at how Twitter reacted to Khanyi's picture;
Khanyi Mbau and Mshoza at this year's Durban July pic.twitter.com/iFdMSMcyKX — Nandi🔥Cakes (@nandicakes) April 17, 2017
What if this is Khanyi Mbau's strategic plan to get us the land back pic.twitter.com/mJBZMGoxcx — Xolani Mzobe (@xc_mzobe) April 17, 2017
Khanyi Mbau looking bleaching so much she looks like chicken breasts pic.twitter.com/knEKqiF7so — Jahbulonite (@jahbulonite) April 17, 2017
Problem is, the name Khanyi Mbau is still very Afro, she must that bleaching it slowly like Khanyi, Khany, Khan, Kha, Kh & finaly just #KAY — Seloke Fabiao (@SelokeFabiao) April 18, 2017
Khanyi Mbau Skin instruction cold wash only
Do not bleach
Do not dry clean
Wash separately
Do not tumble dry — Brickz (@moagibrickzjuli) April 18, 2017
Khanyi Mbau just proved that the struggle for African women is really. African women liberate your mind your beautiful the way you are. pic.twitter.com/HDL7S4AxUO — Macdonald (@macdonaldmtilen) April 17, 2017
Just doesn't matter how yellow Khanyi Mbau is, when they say blacks this side…..SIYA SONKE😂😂 pic.twitter.com/UjpYkrp0Zz — Chris Modikoe. (@123_Zee_) April 17, 2017
Rachel Dolezal & Khanyi Mbau both think the grass is greener on the other side pic.twitter.com/LWvbz1dBTw — Uno892🌾🐐 (@Unorthodox66) April 18, 2017
The Chiefs have named an unchanged starting line-up for their local derby with the Crusaders this weekend in Hamilton but have welcomed back All Black Sam Cane on the bench.
Sam Cane of the Chiefs scores a try against the Crusaders. Source: Photosport
Coach Colin Cooper has handed Cane the No.20 jersey for his return from an abdominal injury which has kept him sidelined for over a month.
"We've picked a very similar team to the one that performed well against the Waratahs," Cooper said.
"The bench will bring a lot of excitement and spark - we're really pleased with the quality we have available - it's a big boost having Sam back."
The line up means Charlie Ngatai will once again start in the midfield alongside Anton Lienert-Brown while Solomon Alaimalo controls things from the back.
Cooper said there was a focus on discipline this week knowing the threat the Crusaders pose at the set piece.
"They are really strong in the set piece so it'll be a big contest at the scrums and lineouts. Discipline is the key going into this game, but we're excited to be on our home ground, which is an advantage."
The Chiefs host the Crusaders at FMG Stadium in Hamilton on Saturday for a 7:30pm kick off.
Chiefs (caps): 1. Karl Tu'inukuafe (11), 2. Nathan Harris (41), 3. Angus Ta'avao (12), 4. Brodie Retallick (95), 5. Michael Allardice (29), 6. Luke Jacobson (9), 7. Mitchell Karpik (9), 8. Liam Messam (174), 9. Brad Weber (52), 10. Damian McKenzie (61), 11. Sean Wainui (10), 12. Charlie Ngatai (51), 13. Anton Lienert-Brown (51), 14. Toni Pulu (29), 15. Solomon Alaimalo (21)
FILE PHOTO: United Party for National Development (UPND) Presidential candidate Hakainde Hichilema looks on during a rally in Lusaka January 18, 2015. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/File Photo
JOHANNESBURG Zambian President Edgar Lungu will not intervene in the treason case against opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema, he told a public rally late on Friday.
Hichilema was taken into police custody this week for allegedly refusing to give way to Lungu's motorcade as it passed through Mongo, 500 km (300 miles) west of the capital Lusaka, last Saturday.
His party, the United Party for National Development (UPND), has denied any wrongdoing and said a hearing was due next Tuesday to determine if Hichilema's detention is legal.
"Some people are saying President Lungu has the power to intervene in the criminal justice here in Zambia. I am a lawyer myself and understand my job. Yes, I have the power to pardon convicts and not suspects," Lungu said at a public rally broadcast on state television late on Friday.
"How many of my own cadres are before the courts of law today? How many have been convicted? Have you ever heard that President Lungu picked up a phone to call any police officer to drop an investigation or prosecution? – so what is so special about the current one?"
Tensions between the government and opposition have escalated since August, when Lungu's Patriotic Front (PF) party narrowly beat the UPND in a vote the opposition says was rigged.
Under Zambia's penal code, treason carries a death sentence and is non-bailable.
The European Union has called for calm.
(Reporting by Chris Mfula; Editing by Louise Ireland)
NEWARK, N.J. — Mario Batali is giving up oversight of the daily operations at his restaurant empire following reports of sexual misconduct by the celebrity chef over a period of at least 20 years.
The online site Eater New York, part of Vox Media, reported Monday that the incidents involve at least four women, three of whom worked for Batali. The women, who were not named in the Eater story, claim that Batali engaged in behaviour including groping one's chest and grabbing one from behind and holding her tightly against his body.
In a prepared statement sent to The Associated Press, Batali said that the complaints “match up” with his past behaviour.
“I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family,” Batali said.
A spokesperson for Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group says an employee reported inappropriate behaviour by Batali in October. The company told Eater it was the first formal complaint against Batali and that he was reprimanded and required to attend training.
Batali will also take leave from his ABC cooking show, “The Chew.”
“We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention,” the network said Monday. “ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behaviour involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
The allegations against Batali are just the latest in a series of incidents that include Harvey Weinstein, Kevin Spacey, Louis C.K., Matt Lauer, resignations in the U.S. House and Senate and calls again for President Donald Trump to address sexual misconduct allegations that he's faced. Last week Time magazine named the “silence breakers,” those that have shared their stories about sexual assault and harassment, as Person of the Year.
The 57-year-old Batali was well known in culinary circles, taking jobs early in his career as a sous chef at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara and San Francisco.
His career took off after opening Po in New York City in the early 1990s, and he skyrocketed to fame with the airing of “Molto Mario,” a show that ran on the Food Network for eight years, until 2004. It was there that his signature look, a fleece vest, shorts, and orange Crocs, became instantly recognizable to most people.
The Food Network, which was planning to relaunch “Molto Mario,” said Monday that it was placing its plans on hold. “Food Network takes matters like this very seriously,” the network said in a statement.
Batali also co-owns restaurants in a handful of cities. The Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group owns or operates several restaurants, including Babbo in New York, Carnevino Italian Steakhouse in Las Vegas and Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles. It's also a partner in Eataly, an Italian food hall and grocer, which has locations in New York, Chicago and Boston.
Batali has long been socially active. The Mario Batali Foundation advocates child nutrition. He has come out forcefully against hydraulic fracturing, a method used to extract oil and gas.
———
Joseph Pisani in New York contributed to this report.
Manchester United made it six straight Premier Leagues wins with a 2-0 victory against West Ham United at the London Stadium on Monday night.
Half-time substitute Juan Mata and Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored the goals as Jose Mourinho's men cruised to another impressive win over 10-man Hammers to move within one point of fourth-place Arsenal in the EPL table.
Sofiane Feghouli was sent in the 15th minute but it was the Hammers that had the first clear-cut chance on goal in the fifth minute when Dimitri Payet found a yard of space outside the Man United box, but the Frenchman's effort was always wide of David de Gea's post.
Payet then carved out another chance in the 10th minute when he found Lanzini but his low strike was saved by David De Gea who made his 250th start .
United also had their chance to be 1-0 up in the 35th minute when Valencia found himself unmarked inside the West Ham box after a Mkhitaryan cross had reached the right-back, but Darren Randolph made a quite stunning reaction save to keep it out and Lingard somehow hit the post from the rebound.
In the second half,Manchester United that made the breakthrough in the 63rd minute when Rashford breezed past Havard Nordtveit in a wide position before delivering a perfect pass to the path of Mata, who swept the ball into the far corner with a super finish.
Ibrahimovic made it 2-0 from an offside position when he smashed the ball home from inside the box after Obiang had been caught out by Herrera on the edge of the box.
Randolph made a super save to prevent Herrera from making it 3-0 five minutes from time.
Next up for West Ham is a FA Cup third-round tie at home to Manchester City on Friday night, while Man United will take on Championship side Reading in the FA Cup at Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby head teacher has been praised by a Government inspector for the resilience and determination he has shown since his school was placed in special measures 15 months ago.
Kevin Gritton was singled out for mention during the first monitoring visit to St Benedict Catholic Academy by Her Majesty's Inspector Daniel Burton, who carried out the latest two-day inspection.
Mr Burton decided the time in between visits had been well-spent and that the Darley Abbey school is making good progress towards the removal of special measures.
Mr Burton said: “Actions taken since the inspection in November 2016 have been concerted, well-judged and effective. As a result, the school is making good progress towards the removal of special measures.
“Pupils are benefiting from teaching which is much better than it was. They are learning in an environment where good behaviour is becoming the norm. The school site has been made secure so that pupils are kept safe and feel safe throughout the school day.
“The head teacher has shown resilience and determination following the judgement that the school required special measures.”
In 2016, the inspection team were critical of safeguarding at the Duffield Road school. In particular, it felt that a public right of way which crosses the Darley Abbey site left the school insecure.
Mr Burton found that the school site had been made secure “so that pupils were kept safe and felt safe throughout the day”. School staff now supervise the area where the path crosses the site throughout the day, as well as the entrance to the school site.
The most recent inspection visit also showed that security arrangements had also been strengthened by moving the reception area to the front of the school so that the identity of each visitor can be checked before they access other areas of the school.
Mr Burton said: “In discussions with inspectors, all groups of pupils reported that they feel safe. They appreciate the steps taken to improve the site's security and the increased levels of supervision during the school day provided by staff, including senior staff.”
Kevin Gritton, head teacher at Saint Benedict CVA, said: “Overall we are pleased that the inspectors recognised the improvements that have been made since their last visit but we recognise that there is still much work to do.
“As always our focus is to ensure that every child at Saint Benedict Catholic Voluntary Academy is challenged from the day they join us and receives the best education possible and this will remain the case as we move forward.”
TOP TOWN: Residents have come out to defend Childers after Saturday's story about amalgamation.
TOP TOWN: Residents have come out to defend Childers after Saturday's story about amalgamation. contributed
AMALGAMATION hasn't stopped Childers being a "top-level town”, says resident John Cheney.
After coverage in Saturday's NewsMail about community members in the country town feeling "forgotten” since the shires merged to create Bundaberg Regional Council, it has been a topic of much discussion with many residents coming to the council's defence.
Mr Cheney, a Childers resident for the past 15 years, said he was up in town to buy the paper every day at 6am and there were "street-sweepers already working, sprinklers on in the gardens, the rubbish bins have been emptied and the back of the seats are wiped down”.
Bundaberg Regional Council was founded a decade ago, on March 15, 2008, with the merging of Bundaberg City, Burnett Shire, Isis Shire and Kolan Shire councils.
"I think the council is doing a good job,” MrCheney said yesterday.
"Childers is a top-level town, the trouble is people get here and then start complaining.
"It's not Surfers Paradise and we don't want it to be.
"There's nothing wrong with Childers.”
Mr Cheney said Childers had all facilities one needed, with close proximity to Bundaberg and the beach.
"There's a hospital, three doctors' surgeries, two chemists, a couple of butchers, a supermarket, three or four pubs, churches, high school, two hardware stores and more - everything you need whether you're young or old you can get here, and if you need something from Bundy it's not too far away,” he said.
"If I didn't like it, I wouldn't still be here.”
Entertainment Weekly has confirmed that actor David Tennant is back for the second season of the Netflix original Marvel's Jessica Jones.
The actor, best known for his stint as Doctor Who, was featured in the first season as Kilgrave, a villain with the ability to control minds.
SPOILER – Jessica is able to overcome Kilgrave's powers and snaps his neck in the finale of season 1. With his horrific death in mind, it is unclear on how he will be resurrected to battle Jones again.
Below is the first look of Tennant with actress Krysten Ritter on the set of season 2.
Marvel's Jessica Jones is set to return to Netflix in early 2018.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
LONDON, April 5 Pricing in Europe's leveraged loan market is rising after investor pushback on recent deals that were deemed too tightly priced, banking sources said.
Arranging banks are offering around 25bp-50bp more in order to create more investor appetite, illustrated by the €859m financing backing Ardian's buyout of a majority stake in French food group Prosol that has just launched to syndication. BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole and Natixis have underwritten Prosol's financing, which includes a €759m covenant-lite term loan B, guided to pay 400bp over Euribor with a 0% floor and a 99.5 OID.
The pricing is seen as generous in a market where deals have been regularly coming with a three handle.
“It felt like the market went down to 300bp with unseemly haste and it has clearly pulled back from there but the market is constructive and still has appetite. Primary credits feel like they should be in the 350bp-375bp context,” a senior banker said.
The increase in pricing followed deals last month for European medical laboratory services operator Cerba Healthcare and Swiss medical diagnostics company Unilabs that both carried a margin of 300bp over Euribor and suffered in Europe's secondary loan market after freeing to trade on March 22.
Prosol was initially shown to earlybirds at 375bp over Euribor, two of the sources said.
“Pricing on Prosol reflects the market today, which has widened a bit of late. There is €759m of money to be raised on a new deal with no existing lender base. If there is a lot of demand, which there is likely to be, then it could get reverse flexed but in this market it is better to be cautious and build a book first before worrying about the price,” a second senior banker said.
Since Cerba and Unilabs, bankers are reluctant to squeeze pricing too tight, even on the repricings of existing deals, for fear of losing a significant portion of a deal's investor base.
Dutch trust funds company TMF Group is looking to cut the margin on its €660m term loan to 350bp-375bp over Euribor with a 0% floor, from 400bp with a 0% floor, while chemicals company Inovyn is repricing to 275bp-300bp with a 0.75% floor on a €692m term loan that currently pays 350bp with a 1% floor.
“TMF would have launched at 325bp-350bp a few weeks ago,” a third senior banker said.
FED UP
Despite a large number of deals in Europe's leveraged loan market, there is a sense that some investors have become disillusioned with the slew of repricings that have dominated the market and pulverised yield.
In the background bankers are working on a number of new potential buyouts, including some public-to-privates, which could hit the market shortly.
“Parts of the market have gone on holiday. Everyone has had enough and they are likely to come back in May to do some business, after the French elections,” the second banker said.
Prosol's financing also comprises a €100m revolving credit facility, guided to pay 375bp over Euribor. The underwriting backs have fully committed to this and will not be selling it down.
The financing will equate to just under 6 times Prosol's approximate €130m Ebitda.
(Editing by Christopher Mangham)
NEW YORK A federal judge on Friday refused to dismiss an indictment accusing a former chief financial officer of American Realty Capital Properties Inc of fraudulently inflating financial data for the big real estate investment trust.
U.S. District Judge Paul Oetken in Manhattan said prosecutors could pursue charges that Brian Block knowingly misled investors by plugging fake numbers into a spreadsheet later incorporated into American Realty's reported results, making them appear better than they actually were.
American Realty shares plunged as much as 37 percent on Oct. 29, 2014, wiping out roughly $4 billion of market value, after the REIT said employees "intentionally" concealed accounting errors. It also said Block and its chief accounting officer, Lisa McAlister, had resigned the previous day.
Authorities accused Block of concealing a calculation error in American Realty's adjusted funds from operations (AFFO), a key metric not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and with McAlister in his office inserting false data into the spreadsheet.
"The indictment makes clear that the government is not challenging the method Block used to calculate AFFO, but rather the inputs he used in that calculation," Oetken wrote.
"While it is true, as Block notes, that no criminal case - or at least no case the parties have identified - has been based solely on non-GAAP financial metrics and no case has been based on AFFO specifically, these distinctions are insufficient to justify dismissal," he added.
Michael Miller, a lawyer for Block, in an email said Block's calculation of AFFO was neither false nor misleading.
"To the extent that this case now boils down to whether a handful of AFFO calculations at the end of Q2 2014 were materially false, we welcome a trial on those issues," he wrote.
Now based in Phoenix and known as Vereit Inc (VER.N), American Realty was part of a commercial real estate empire built by investor Nicholas Schorsch.
Neither Schorsch nor Vereit was accused of wrongdoing.
McAlister pleaded guilty last June to fraud and began cooperating with prosecutors. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed related civil charges against her and Block, who was arrested in September.
The case is U.S. v. Block, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-cr-00595.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by David Gregorio)
Opposition supporters use homemade shields while clashing with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters rally against President Nicolas Maduro, carryng a banner that reads: 'No to the hunger, corruption and repression dictatorship, go out Maduro', in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters rally against President Nicolas Maduro carrying a sign that reads, 'We can not even dream anymore', in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters with a sign that reads, 'Maduro, you crossed the line. Let's rescue Venezuela', rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Freddy Guevara (C, with raised arms), first Vice-President of the National Assembly and deputy of the Venezuelan coalition of opposition parties, participates in a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017 REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters protect themselves with homemade shields while clashing with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporter throws a tear gas shell, during a clash with riot police, at a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Riot police take position while clashing with opposition supporters rallying against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Riot police fire tear gas while clashing with opposition supporters rallying against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition supporters clash with riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Veron
Demonstrators fall on the ground after being hit by a riot police armoured vehicle while clashing with the riot police during a rally against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Opposition supporters show a shotgun that they snatched from riot police during a rally against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas, Venezuela, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Venezuelan security forces battled protesters who lit fires and hurled stones on Wednesday in rage at President Nicolas Maduro's decree to create an alternative congress, with another fatality taking the death toll to 34 during a month of unrest.
In a familiar pattern in protests against the socialist government, thousands of opposition supporters rallied peacefully at first before being blocked, sparking fights around the city between masked youths and soldiers.
One 17-year-old protester died in the melee from an object that hit him in the neck, said Gerardo Blyde, a district mayor for the opposition.
"A young man with all his life ahead. He simply fought for a better country," Blyde said on Twitter of the case which the Venezuelan state prosecutor's office said it would investigate.
More than 200 people were injured as fights raged in various parts of the capital, Blyde and another opposition mayor said.
Marchers tried to reach the National Assembly legislature, where the opposition has a majority, to protest Maduro's creation of an alternative "popular" congress viewed by foes as a ruse to dodge free elections and cling to power.
They were pushed back by National Guard troops with teargas, armoured vehicles and riot shields on the Francisco Fajardo highway, which runs through the middle of the city.
"They are mobilized as if this was a war," said opposition leader Henrique Capriles, broadcasting from the scene via the Periscope app favoured by protest leaders.
On the opposition side, youths donned gas masks and bandanas, throwing Molotov cocktails and using slingshots to fire stones. They protected themselves with homemade shields, painted in bright colours and decorated with slogans like "Liberty!" and "Murderer Maduro!"
Local media published footage showing two protesters being knocked over by a National Guard vehicle. Both survived.
With demonstrators erecting barricades and police helicopters whirring overhead, at least three opposition lawmakers were injured, activists said. "An injury by the dictatorship is a badge of honor," tweeted First Justice legislator Freddy Guevara, who said he was hit by a tear gas canister.
Opposition leaders have vowed to stay in the streets after Maduro's announcement on Monday that he was creating the "constituent assembly" which is empowered to rewrite the constitution.
"It's a tool to avoid free elections. We've been marching 18 years but this is our last card. It's all or nothing," said pensioner Miren Bilbao, 66, with friends and family on the Francisco Fajardo highway.
While the opposition was keeping up momentum, it was unclear how the protests could achieve their aims after demonstrations in 2014 failed to dislodge Maduro. Back then, however, the opposition was splintered, protests failed to spread to poor areas and the economy was in better shape.
"WE DESERVE PEACE"
Maduro, 54, the former bus driver who narrowly won election to replace Hugo Chavez in 2013, says his foes are seeking a violent coup with the connivance of the United States and encouragement of international media.
Officials say violence around the protests, and the opposition's unwillingness to hold talks, left Maduro with no choice but to shake up Venezuela's governing apparatus.
During a meeting with election officials on Wednesday, Maduro said a vote for the new assembly would take place in coming weeks. At least half of the members would be chosen by grassroots groups including workers, indigenous people and farmers, and the rest in a vote, Maduro has said, although details remained fuzzy.
"The new constituent process starting today will consolidate the Republic and bring to the nation the peace that we all deserve," he said, clutching a pocket-size blue constitution and later dancing to the beat of drums.
"The Republic must defend itself from terrorism," he added, joining supporters in a rally downtown after presenting his plans to the national election board, which backed the move.
The opposition is seeking to hold state gubernatorial elections delayed from 2016 and bring forward the 2018 presidential vote amid a devastating economic crisis.
It says Maduro's use of a "constituent assembly" is a cynical ploy to confuse citizens into thinking he has made concessions when in fact he is seeking to tweak the system to avoid elections the Socialist Party would likely lose.
Maduro's move has drawn condemnation from the United States and some Latin American countries, including regional powerhouse Brazil that labelled it a "coup."
An influential group of U.S. senators filed sweeping legislation on Wednesday to address the crisis in Venezuela, including sanctioning individuals responsible for undermining democracy or involved in corruption.
But backing has come from regional leftist allies including Cuba. Bolivia's President Evo Morales said Venezuela had the right to "decide its future... without external intervention."
On top of the latest death on Wednesday, officials announced four more fatalities on Tuesday.
Two people died when a vehicle tried to avoid a protester barricade in the state of Carabobo, Venezuela's Civil Protection agency tweeted late on Tuesday.
Angel Moreira, 28, who was on a motorbike on a highway leading out of Caracas, also died after a vehicle ran him over while trying to avoid a demonstration, the state prosecutor's office said on Wednesday.
In addition, the office said Yonathan Quintero, 21, had been killed while a group was "damaging" a business after a protest in the Carabobo state capital of Valencia.
Energy Minister Luis Motta said late on Tuesday "a right-wing terrorist plan to paralyse the country" had cut a submarine cable that provided electricity to the palm-tree-studded Caribbean island of Margarita, plunging it into darkness.
The president of state oil company PDVSA, Eulogio Del Pino, said "terrorists" had captured a company tanker truck in the western state of Lara, tweeting pictures of it in flames.
The opposition scoffs that an inept government blames Maduro critics as a smokescreen for rampant crime and lack of maintenance that have Venezuela's infrastructure creaking.
(Additional reporting by Diego Ore, Andreina Aponte, Corina Pons, Brian Ellsworth, Deisy Buitrago and Eyanir Chinea in Caracas, Isaac Urrutia in Maracaibo, Maria Ramirez in Puerto Ordaz, and Patricia Zengerle in Washington; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer and Andrew Cawthorne; Editing by Diane Craft and Andrew Hay)
NEW YORK (AP) — The 25th anniversary of Steven Spielberg's "Schindler's List" and the 35th anniversary of Brian De Palma's "Scarface" will be celebrated with reunion screenings at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The New York festival announced Monday that Spielberg will join Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley and Embeth Davidtz for a post-screening conversation April 26 at the Beacon Theatre. The "Scarface" event will reunite De Palma, Al Pacino and Michelle Pfeiffer on April 19 at the Beacon Theatre.
The festival will also host an anniversary screening of 1992's "In the Soup," an acclaimed independent film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. The largely forgotten release, starring Steve Buscemi and Seymour Cassel, has been restored following a Kickstarter campaign to repair the remaining, damaged print.
Also slated for on-stage interviews at Tribeca are Bradley Cooper, Jamie Foxx, Spike Lee and Alec Baldwin.
Advertisement
The festival runs April 18-29.
I hope that you're ready for Duke to be the biggest story in all college basketball for the second straight season.
Because it's happening.
Late on Monday night, live on Sportscenter, Marvin Bagley III, who may just be the best basketball prospect in the world that is not currently on an NBA roster, announced that he will not only be attending Duke for his one-and-done season, but that he'll be reclassifying and enrolling this season.
This is not much of a surprise, mind you.
We all pretty much knew that this was how the Bagley saga was probably going to end up playing out, which means we've all had time to think through just how this decision is going to affect what happens during the 2017-18 season.
For me, it will bump Duke up to No. 1 in the NBC Sports Preseason Top 25, and I hardly imagine that I'll be alone in that sentiment.
With Bagley now in the fold, Duke has four five-star prospects enrolling in this class, including the potential No. 1 pick and two more borderline top five recruits in point guard Trevon Duval and big man Wendell Carter. Throw in scoring machine Gary Trent Jr., and that's a well-rounded, talented recruiting class. All four of those freshmen should be expected to start alongside Grayson Allen, the most well-known and disliked college basketball player in the country who, according to Mike Krzyzewski, is finally healthy and back to playing like the guy that was an All-American as a sophomore and the Preseason National Player of the Year as a junior.
Youth is going to be a major issue. Allen is the only rotation player that is an upperclassman, and the other two returnees are Marques Bolden and Javin DeLaurier, neither of whom got much experience playing last season. Depth is going to be another problem as well, as Duke's reserves will likely be made up of some combination of Bolden, DeLaurier and freshmen Alex O'Connell and Jordan Tucker.
The talent on this roster, however, is undeniable, just like last season.
But unlike last season, the pieces actually fit together. Duval should be excellent at the point, and while he finally gives the Blue Devils a point guard to replace Tyus Jones, he has a reputation for being more of an attacker than a ‘pure point guard'; frankly, Duval is the biggest concern I have with this team. On the wings, Trent and Allen are scorers with three-point range that will spread the floor and make defenses pay for helping off of them. Carter, who many believe to be the second-coming of Al Horford, should be able to handle his own on the block, and his face-up game is better than you may realize.
And then there's Bagley, who is the ideal for what Duke is looking for at the four spot. He's big enough that he can defend as a four — or even a five — but he's skilled enough to play on the perimeter in four-around-one lineups. The Blue Devils did not previously have a guy that can fill that Jayson Tatum, Jabari Parker, Justise Winslow, Brandon Ingram role, and Bagley is probably better suited to do it than any of them.
At the very least he should being the most on the defensive end. He's actually built like an NBA big man as opposed to effectively being an oversized guard.
It's all there.
And I totally understand why you don't want to hear it. I don't really want to say it, not after this led to this led to this, ending in this.
But the simple fact of the matter is that Duke, right now, has the most talented and well-rounded starting five in college basketball.
They deserve to, at the absolute least, be in the conversation for preseason No. 1 team in the country with Arizona, Michigan State and Kansas, and you'll have a hard time convincing me they shouldn't top those rankings.
Let's assume most voters agree with me on that.
What that means is that the Blue Devils will be preseason No. 1 with the potential No. 1 pick in the 2018 NBA Draft on their roster alongside Grayson Allen, the most famous — well, infamous — college basketball player we've seen in at least a decade.
And I haven't even mentioned that we still have to wait to find out if and when Bagley will clear by the NCAA.
I hope you've gotten over your Duke fatigue from last season.
Because, without question, Duke. Is. Back.
SEOUL Chung Mong-joon is taking his fight against a lengthy ban from football to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) as part of a decades-long battle to reform the game's governing body, the former FIFA vice president said on Thursday.
The South Korean's bid to replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA president was torpedoed in 2015 when the governing body banned him from all football-related activities for six years and fined him 100,000 Swiss francs (£79,823) following a probe into corruption.
FIFA's Appeals Committee reduced Chung's ban to five years and cut the fine in half last July, saying there was not enough evidence to prove he had infringed an article of FIFA's ethics code covering confidentiality.
Chung, a billionaire scion of South Korea's Hyundai industrial conglomerate, denied all wrongdoing and vowed to take the case to sport's highest tribunal but had to wait to receive a 'reasoned decision' from FIFA, which arrived last month.
"I can finally prepare to file an appeal to CAS, some 18 months after the original ban was imposed," Chung said in a statement on Thursday.
"Fighting FIFA's ban is not about restoring my personal honour," he added. "It is an extension of the lonely fight to reform FIFA that I have been waging since 1994."
Chung said it was unethical for FIFA to have dragged out the case against him for so long.
"FIFA Ethics and Appeal Committees started the investigation against me with serious allegations such as 'vote trading' and 'appearance of offering benefits," he said.
"However, when none of them would hold, they started to pick on such technical and procedural issues as my use of FIFA letterhead, not cooperating with the investigation, etc.
"If they are such sticklers for rules of conduct, ethics and credibility, how was it that it took them so much time to send me their 'reasoned decision,' such that I am able to proceed with my appeal to CAS 18 months after their initial ban?
"As the saying goes, 'Justice delayed is justice denied.'”
Chung, who served as FIFA vice president from 1994 to 2011, said the last 18 months had been "difficult" and that there was little personal reward in continuing the fight.
"There is not much for me to gain personally by pursuing this route," he said. "However, I am committed to continue my fight against FIFA's old ways because I believe that it will contribute to FIFA's new beginning.
"While there is a new FIFA president in place, key individuals in the FIFA Ethics Committee and the Appeal Committee who were handpicked by Mr. Blatter still remain."
Soccer's global governing body is still recovering from the worst graft scandal in its history which has seen dozens of people, including former FIFA executive committee members, indicted in the United States.
Last week, FIFA said it had completed a 22-month internal inquiry into allegations of corruption and criminal misconduct and handed the report over to Swiss authorities.
(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plan to provide health insurance for about half the country would require an estimated 110 billion rupees ($1.7 billion) in federal and state funding each year, sources familiar with the matter said.
The scheme, which the government dubs “Modicare”, was announced in Thursday's federal budget for 2018/19 and would provide 100 million families, or about 500 million poor people, with health cover of 500,000 rupees per year for free treatment of serious ailments.
Several Indian states now offer health insurance but these schemes are generally small and poorly implemented. Modi faces a national election next year and the new health program is seen as a signature initiative to woo voters in the countryside, many of whom struggle with high healthcare costs.
The government estimates the cost of insuring each family under the new scheme at about 1,100 rupees ($17.15), said a government official who had direct knowledge of the matter and did not want to be identified.
Officials at NITI Aayog, India's federal think tank, on Friday said the government's estimated premium for insuring each family would be 1,000-1,200 rupees, confirming the funding would be shared between federal and state governments.
“This is a turning point for the health sector,” Vinod K. Paul, a member of NITI Aayog, told reporters.
Indian officials have said “the world's largest government funded health care program” would have a federal allocation of 20 billion rupees in 2018-19, but added that more funds would be made available as the program is rolled out over the year.
Some critics have raised doubts whether 20 billion rupees in federal funding is enough to support the program for 2018-19.
However, the government official said of the 110 billion rupees in premiums required to fund the program, the federal government would contribute about 70 billion rupees with the 29 states providing the rest.
The 50 billion rupees in federal funding on top of the budget allocation of 20 billion rupees would be made available as the scheme details are worked out over the coming months, the official said.
“Government health insurance companies have readily agreed to fund the program (at this cost),” the official said.
A second source familiar with the planning said the government could also partly use the funds raised from a newly imposed 1 percent health cess on taxable incomes, and the health scheme would also benefit from the planned merger of three state-run insurance firms announced in Thursday's budget.
“It's a big pool (of people). When you have a mamoth insurance company, the task becomes easier,” said the source, adding that the government's premium payments for the scheme were expected to be low and manageable.
Modi's government on Thursday also raised the federal health budget by 11.5 percent to $8.3 billion for 2018-19.
The measures are Modi's latest attempt to reform a public health system that faces a shortage of hospitals and doctors. The government has also in recent years capped prices of critical drugs and medical devices and increased health funding.
Still, India spends only about 1 percent of its GDP on public health, among the world's lowest, and the health ministry estimates such funding leads to “catastrophic” expenses that push 7 percent of the population into poverty each year.
A top official at a state-run insurance company said the government would take 4 to 6 months to finalize the contours of the health plan since it would take time to get hospitals on board.
Neverthless, a government-sponsored health program will come as a major boost for the private hospital sector in India. Overburdened public hospitals mean nearly 70 percent of healthcare delivery is in the hands of private players.
The scheme “will be a game changer”, said Prathap Reddy, chairman of India's Apollo Hospitals Enterprise Ltd. (APLH.NS).
Cheryl Sudduth
End
-- Cheryl Sudduth, one of Bay Area's highly regarded and respected hidden treasures, launches her campaign to represent the people of California's 15Assembly District.From Sudduth's first days of working with and volunteering on El Cerrito, Albany, Richmond, Oakland and Tara Hills school boards and youth sports leagues to her work as aAbilities Rights Advocate to her current work as a Compliance Officer and Youth Mentor, Sudduth has worked for the past 15+ years to bring pragmatic, innovative and effective approaches to economic equality & economic empowerment, social justice, fiscal responsibility and accountability for civic agencies and school districts, educational equality and education reform, tax reform, small business incentives, re-entry programs,Ability rights, fighting crime & unjust treatment of minorities by law enforcement, criminal justice reform, women's rights, ending sex trafficking, housing discrimination, environmental justice, and the general fight for equal rights forcitizens.Sudduth knows the community where she has lived and worked for over 20 years. Since 1992, Sudduth has lived, worked, done business, and escorted her three children to cultural activities, games, meets, matches and tournaments throughout every city/area in District 15. She did notSudduth is well-known by community, neighbors and residents of the district, serving with them on numerous volunteer committees, task forces and citizen oversight advisory boards with them. The tremendous work Sudduth has done, and continues to do, throughout West County and Albany Unified from PTA and PTSA Boards, Executive Committees, Parent Councils, Advisory Councils and Executive Councils as well as Sudduth's multicultural, multilingual, multiracial, interfaith background has been of great aid throughout her life and career in understanding and relating to people of similar and different situations/backgrounds. Sudduth's passion for one of the nation's most treasured, our girls, shines in her many years of work of volunteer mentoring and coaching of girls through etiquette training, STEM tutoring, Girl Scouts and the Boys and Girls Club, which date back to her teen and college years. Working throughout the community, fighting throughout the community, giving back throughout the community isn't a new thing for Sudduth. This work goes beyond being vested and embedded in the community.Sudduth is a fighter for what's right, by nature and this entire community, from Oakland to Hercules, needs a fighter like Sudduth to ensure not one person'sare neglected. A fighter for many issues, including the fight for children who are victims of bullying, cyber-bullying and abuse. A fighter for young students whodeserve a quality education, regardless of socio-economic status; and college and trade school students who are facing ever-increasing tuition costs which leaves them (and their parents) with incredible debt upon graduation.Assembly District 15 has been really well-represented by the strong leadership of Representative Nancy Skinner and Representative Thurmond and Cheryl Sudduth will continue that strong forward-thinking legacy when elected continue their work in the California Assembly.For more information on Sudduth's positions visit http://cherylsudduth.nationbuilder.com/ . For media relations, contact Y'Anad Burrell, Glass House Communications, yanad@glasshousepr.com
A 30-year-old workman had to be rescued at lunch today after he was injured while working on scaffolding in Belfast city centre.
He had been working at the old Athletic Stores building in Queen Street.
The fire service confirmed that the man was rescued using specialist equipment.
They said two fire appliances were sent to Queen Street at 1.05pm.
A spokesperson said: “A man in his 30's was injured on 4th floor scaffolding. Firefighters in conjunction with ambulance service rescued the casualty using specialist equipment, a longboard and an onsite crane.
“The man was taken to hospital by ambulance. The incident was dealt with at 2.09pm.”
It is understood the man's injuries are not life threatening.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nabil Fekir demanded an immediate move to Anfield during a meeting with Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas, reports say.
Aulas are holding out because he thinks the star's value will rise if he performs well in Russia during the World Cup, though.
Jurgen Klopp's side, beaten by Real Madrid in Saturday night's Champions League final, have been persistently linked with a move worth in the region of £60million for the 24-year-old France international, who captained the Ligue 1 side this season.
“We simply know that teams are interested. His agent, Jean-Pierre Bernes, has told us so,” Aulas told L'Equipe.
“There have been no discussions either with Nabil or with other clubs, so it's very premature. He's also hesitating about whether he wants to play in the Champions League with Lyon.”
Lyon finished third in Ligue 1 to secure a return to Europe's top table next season.
Fabinho talked up Liverpool's potential move for the Ligue 1 star, describing him as a “very good player”.
But Fekir played down his comments, and said: “If Fabinho is to be my future team-mate? I will discuss my future after the World Cup not before.
“If I will sign somewhere before the World Cup? Honestly, I don't know.”
According to the Daily Telegraph, the 24-year-old is seen as a replacement for Philippe Coutinho, who left the Kop for Barcelona in January.
Fekir, whose impressive form in La Ligue has seen him called up for World Cup duties, has also been linked to Arsenal.
VAVEL journalist Mootaz Chehade claimed on his personal Twitter account on Thursday that Fekir's move to Anfield is now a “done deal”.
The Frenchman refused to rule out a move to Anfield on Thursday, with speculation growing over a transfer early in the window.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Reds are aware of a potential price increase – or competition from other clubs – should the 24-year-old impress in Russia and are keen to meet with Lyon this week.
Fabinho will link up with his new club on the same day as fellow midfielder Naby Keita, who agreed to join Liverpool from RB Leipzig last August.
He has been identified as a replacement for Emre Can, who is out of contract at Anfield this summer and has been heavily linked with a move to Juventus.
Remote access to digital resources has become one of the most important features of today's business ecosystem. And with people spending more time working remotely, businesses and individuals are looking for reliable platforms to access said resources. The Amazon AppStream 2.0 application was created with this very goal in mind.
Version 1.0
When Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) introduced AppStream in 2013, it had great hopes. The company wanted to streamline the costly process of managing apps on premises. It approached the problem by streaming Windows desktop apps to users via a browser across many different devices.
It didn't pan out as intended, and Gene Farrell, vice president of Amazon Web Services enterprise applications and EC2 Windows, said as much, explaining “With AppStream, we set out to solve a significant customer problem, but failed to get the solution right.”
Amazon AppStream 2.0
Fast forward three years, and Amazon AppStream 2.0 was released after much customer feedback. With 2.0, users can now stream desktop applications from Amazon Web Services to any device running an HTML5 compatible browser. Access to the applications no longer requires setting up streaming services using an SDK, because it is fully managed by Amazon. This has resulted in a responsive and fluid user experience.
What Can You do With Amazon AppStream 2.0?
With the new service, you can:
Run desktop applications on any device, including Windows and Linux PCs, Macs, and Chromebooks,
Maintain a single version for all your users with easy access to your users from anywhere,
Get instant-on access to desktop applications (meaning no large files to download or time-consuming installations),
Keep applications and data on Amazon Web Services, allowing you to isolate your applications for secure delivery,
Integrate with your IT environment, including on premises and Amazon Web Services, and
Enjoy the benefits of a fully managed service you don't need to maintain.
Benefits of Amazon AppStream 2.0
With AppStream 2.0 you will have access to the latest version of your applications running on Amazon Web Services compute resources. The data is never stored on your device so you will get improved performance with a secure experience.
The pay-as-you-go pricing means no upfront capital and or premises infrastructure maintenance, while being able to scale as needed instantly.
Is it a Good Model for a Small Business?
The answer of course will depend on many different factors, but small businesses can benefit from AppStream 2.0.
Price varies according to region and resources you use, but here is an example. With the lowest price point, you will start at 10 cents per hour to secure two central processing units and 4 gigabytes of memory for each user. You also have to add a $4.19/month fee for each to cover the Microsoft RDS software license.
This comes out to 80 cents per day for each user for an eight hour day. The monthly bill will run you $20.19 for a five day week, including the Microsoft RDS software license.
Businesses with mostly remote workforces such as online buinesses and many others can benefit from the service. But the service can apply to any business as long as it makes financial sense.
Try Appstream 2.0
The Try It Now features gives you up to 30 minutes to experience sample applications for business, design, engineering and software development. You will be able to upload and open your own files, save your work and print.
Conclusion
Beyond the cost of the service, with AppStream 2.0 you are not paying for IT personnel, maintenance, updates, security concerns or other costs associated with growth or scalability. The service will not be for every business, but for companies opting to use it, it will mean more time to focus on core services and grow their businesses.
Actress Billie Lourd has reached out to her fans and thanked them for their support following the deaths of her mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds last week.
The Star Wars actress passed away on Dec. 27 after suffering a heart attack and, the next day, Fisher's movie star mother Debbie Reynolds died following a stroke.
Family spokesman Simon Halls released a press statement on behalf of Billie shortly after Fisher's death. It read:
“It is with a very deep sadness that Billie Lourd confirms that her beloved mother Carrie Fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning. She was loved by the world and she will be missed profoundly. Our entire family thanks you for your thoughts and prayers.”
The 24-year-old has now broken her silence on social media by penning an emotional tribute on Instagram.
“Receiving all of your prayers and kind words over the past week has given me strength during a time I thought strength could not exist,” she writes alongside a picture of herself as young child with her mother and grandma.
“There are no words to express how much I will miss my Abadaba and my one and only Momby. Your love and support means the world to me.”
Meanwhile, Lourd's uncle Todd Fisher recently confirmed the family is planning a joint funeral service, which will honour the bond between mother and daughter.
“It's what we want to do, but we're still working on the mechanics,” he said. “I'm going out right now to look at places... We like the idea, if it's at all possible. I think it's appropriate.”
There are also plans for a second larger public memorial, where fans can pay their respects and say goodbye.
Todd has been spotted visiting the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Los Angeles, where many famous figures have been buried. Debbie has a family plot there, according to TMZ.
Before his mother died, Todd told ABC News he was letting Billie make the big decisions about her mum's memorial service.
“Carrie loves a good party, so, you know, I'm sure she'll want to throw a party for her,” he said.
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
MCKAYLA Maroney recalled being "naked on a bed" while Larry Nassar was laying on top of her and molesting her inside a hotel room in 2011 - an incident the gymnast said she reported to her coach and teammates.
The Olympic gold medallist, who retired from gymnastics in 2016, told US TV network NBC's Dateline she thought she "was going to die" when she was being sexually abused in a Tokyo hotel room in October 2011.
"That was the scariest night," Maroney, 22, said in the interview. "He went, like, overboard that night."
Maroney - who said Nassar abused her "hundreds" of times - recalled initially being in the hotel room with teammates Aly Raisman, Jordyn Wieber, a trainer and Nassar. But they eventually all left, leaving Maroney by herself with the disgraced team doctor.
"(It) was very, very hard for me not to acknowledge the fact that … this was not treatment. I was being abused," the gymnast recalled. "I was bawling, naked on a bed, him on top of me.
"I thought I was going to die. It was escalating."
Maroney said she felt "the dark part" of Nassar take over that night.
"When he was done, I was so happy that I could walk away from that. I felt like I just escaped something," she said.
Aly Raisman (L), Gabby Douglas and McKayla Maroney (R) all accused Larry Nassar of sexual assault.
Maroney said she brought up the incident the next day during a car ride with USA Gymnastics coach John Geddert and other gymnasts and she "said this loud".
Three gymnasts backed Maroney's account to NBC. Aly Raisman, who also won gold at the 2012 Olympics, said her teammate "basically described in graphic detail what Nassar had done to her the night before."
However, Raisman said Geddert "was in the car and just said nothing". This was the moment that hit Maroney hardest.
"That was the moment that I shut it down," Maroney said. "In my head, I was never gonna speak about (Nassar) again. And I was just gonna go along with it."
USA gymnastics denied knowing about the conversation Maroney described. The organisation had said they were unaware about Nassar's abuse until 2015.
Bela and Martha Karolyi, former co-ordinators and coaches for USA Gymnastics, also told the network they didn't know about Nassar's abuse and denied creating an environment for the since-convicted doctor to assault the young gymnasts.
"I feel extremely bad," Martha Karolyi said. "I don't feel responsible, but I feel extremely hurt that these things happened and it happened everywhere but it happened here, also."
Nassar has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sex crimes. Maroney was one of more than 140 girls and women, including fellow Olympic gymnasts Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Simone Biles, who have come forward and accused Nassar of abuse.
Maroney said she was speaking out now to let others know there was no action taken even after she told someone about the assault six years ago.
"I'm appalled, I'm disgusted. I'm so upset that this happened for so long when there were so many signs and red flags," she said.
This article originally appeared on Fox News and was republished with permission.
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
IN the excitement of President Rodrigo Duterte's signing the Universal Access to Quality Tertiary Education Act (RA 10931 or EAQTEA), people have jumped to wanting to implement it without reading it. Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno has declared that he will head the formulation of the new law's implementing rules and regulations (IRRs), and Commission on Higher Education (CHEd) commissioner Popoy de Vera has come out in a Malacañang press briefing to describe a staggered implementation of the law, first funding free tuition in the state universities and colleges (SUCs), then in accredited local universities and colleges (LUCs), then presumably the Unified Student Financial Assistance System for Tertiary Education Act (UniFAST) over a period of three or four years, if I understood him correctly.
For a law that was very carefully crafted by Congress after extensive consultation of stakeholders towards providing not only access to higher education to all but also of ensuring its quality, the sense is the IRRs are now already being crafted by persons who are primarily interested in denying it appropriate funds, or by persons who do not appreciate the genius of this bill in its recognition of the constitutionally mandated complementarity between public and private education. Clearly, the economic official who pressured President Duterte to veto this act should not head the committee on its IRRs. And the spokesman for CHEd should wait for the legal formulation of legitimate IRRs before explaining how it is to be implemented.
Not just for SUCs
Again, RA 10931 is not just about free tuition for the privileged few in the SUCs. It is about universal access to quality higher education for all where public and private higher education institutions (HEIs) work together to provide all quality higher education. That is what must be funded and implemented in its entirety. Otherwise, the law is undermined. Otherwise, where the President is committed to the rule of law, his Cabinet secretaries honor this commitment in the breach.
The law is clear: Concerning the Implementing Rules and Regulations of RA 10931, “within sixty days from the effectivity of this act, the UniFAST board, in consultation with the CHEd, the Tesda [Technical Education and Skills Development Authority], and other relevant stakeholders in higher and technical education, shall promulgate the implementing rules and regulations necessary to ensure the efficient and effective implementation of this Act.
The membership of the UniFAST board is defined by the UniFAST Law (RA 10687) and expanded by the EAQTEA Law (RA 10931).
According to the UniFAST law, the membership of the board consists of the following:
“(a) The CHEd chairperson as ex officio chairperson;
“(b) The Secretary of the Department of Science and Technology (DOST) as ex officio co-chairperson;
“(c) The TESDA Director General as ex officio co-chairperson;
“(d) The Secretary of the Department of Education (DepEd) as ex officio member;
“(d) A representative from the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE) as ex officio member;
“(e) A representative from the National Economic Development Authority (NEDA) as ex officio member;
“(f) A representative from the National Youth Commission (NYC) as ex officio member” (Sec. 14)
The UAQTEA law or RA 10931 expanded this membership by five to include the:
“(a) President of the Philippine Association of State Universities and Colleges member;
“(b) Chairman of the Coordinating Council of Private Educational Associations as member;
“(c) Chairman of the Association of Local Colleges and Universities as member;
“(d) President of the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) as a non-voting member;
“(e) President of the Social Security System (GSIS) as a non-voting member” (Sec 13).
For the IRRs of the EAQTEA Law (RA 10931), it is CHEd Chairman Patricia Licuanan who must convene the expanded UniFAST board consisting of 12 members (10 voting and 2 non-voting). It is the IRR that this board promulgates that shall govern the implementation of RA 10931.
Not just about jobs
This said, allow me some personal reflections:
The economic managers who have formulated the National Development Plan which envisions a socially just society by 2040 should befriend the EAQTEA in its entirety. Certainly, higher education must address the mismatch between academe and industry or between academe and the economy. But higher education is not only about jobs. It is about forming Filipino citizens who value their being Filipino in a just and peaceful Philippine society, their humanity in a humane global society, and who therefore critically understand the difference between freedom and arbitrariness, duty and licentiousness, religion and ideology, radicalism and extremism, efficiency and corruption, and affirm personal dual responsibilities in followership and leadership.
The funding for the EAQTEA should be for its provisions in its entirety. Funding must not just be for blind access to but deserved quality higher education. Quality education is not a monopoly of the SUCs, just as universal access is not a virtue of private education. But outputting graduates optimally who will contribute well to the realization of AmbisyonNatin 2040 must result from the wise encouragement and financial support of the complementary between the country's public and private HEIs today. The cooperation between public and private HEIs is acknowledged by the new partnership between the Philippine Association of State Universities and Colleges (PASUC) and the Coordinating Council of Private Educational Associations (COCOPEA), which will soon be expanded to include the Association of Local Colleges and Universities (ALCU). That is why the heads of these organizations are now part of the UniFAST board.
The UniFAST board will have to determine how scarce resources can be best used to optimize the output of quality graduates through the EAQTEA. Prioritization of SUCs over LUCs over private HEIs may undermine this. Support, on the other hand, of qualified students wishing higher education to serve the higher manpower requirements of the “smart population” envisaged in AmbisyonNatin 2040 in either public or private HEIs of evidenced quality may advance it. The prioritization may therefore be for those quality scientists, engineers, social scientists, doctors, nurses, and even religious and moral leaders required by AmbisyonNatin 2040, and not those going to this or that type of HEI.
In the long term, quality will have to be nurtured through the HEIs' commitment to quality assurance within the Asean Quality Assurance Framework. Both PASUC and COCOPEA have formally committed themselves to this.
Finally, to make this work, funding must from the beginning be large enough to make not only the Tertiary Education Subsidy (TES) but the Student Loan Program for Tertiary Education function in proper complementarity. The latter fund is wisely not a hand-out, but a loan seriously to be repaid. The loan fund, therefore, will eventually revolve, allowing more and more qualified students access to quality education. Unto this end, the law states, “Repayment shall be effected by incorporating a portion of the loan amount or a portion thereof in the employee's monthly Social Security System (SSS) or Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) contribution, as the case may be, based on a reasonable schedule of repayment and interest rates, as may be formulated by the UniFAST Board” (Sec. 8). It is for this reason that RA10931 provides that both the presidents of the SSS and the GSIS be non-voting members of the UniFAST board.
Funding must be large enough
In the end, it is not the Department of Budget and Management secretary that is to provide funds for this milestone in educational legislation. It is Congress, through the General Appropriations Act (Sec. 15). I am grateful that such legislators as Rep. Karlo Nograles and Sen. Loren Legarda have shown themselves to be very supportive of quality higher education for all. As President Duterte rightly said after he signed the bill into law, it is now up to the Congress to fund it. Among things that Congress fund, quality higher education for all must certainly be a priority.
The author is president of Ateneo de Davao University and former chairman of the Coordinating Council for Private Education Association (COCOPEA).
Construction projects can continue for a shorter time or several years. The latter type involves complexities at different levels. In multi-year projects, several contractors and sub-contractors are assigned particular tasks.
Contact
Amit
***@parrotconsultancy.com Amit
End
-- The objective behind is to accelerate the progress and ensure perfect finishing. The multi-contractor system is supervised by the well-known construction company that actually got the assignment. If the project is not insured by Wrap-up coverage (all contractors are insured for one job under one single contract), it is impossible for the management to know if all workers are properly insured or not.The big projects usually take many years to complete. These projects involve several contractors who actually create a multi-tier system to complete the project. Every contractor has a number of workers under him while taking instructions from his immediate boss. The actual contractor – who was awarded the project – securitizes every report submitted by the subcontractors, keeps a tab on work progress, assess the risks prior to starting the project and take necessary safety measures. The multi-tier system to carry out construction work is a classic example of labor division employed to efficiently finish different portions of a project.The construction firm hires several local contractors for roofing, electricity, plumbing, foundation and many more works. Such distribution of works not only brings speed to the progress but also guarantees enhanced workmanship. It is also a cost-effective way to ensure excellence. As risk is a part and parcel of construction work, it is the responsibility of the contractor and subcontractors to ensure insurance coverage for all and sundry associated with the project. In the event of any accidental injury or death at the construction site, the company will be held liable in absence of any insurance coverage.Even if the risk is transferred to the subcontractors, the construction company is responsible for insurance coverage of any person working on their behalf within the premise of the site. There are three ways to avoid risk and these are as follows:· Prohibiting anyone from entering into the site· Taking the entire or part of the risk· Transfer of riskEven if the risk is transferred, the construction company must make certain that the vendors/subcontractors have enough financial resources to fund the coverage.) can be done either manually or via a computerized system. Outsourcing is a good option to hand off the tedious work of insurance certificate tracking but it adds to overhead cost. Furthermore, it also puts a restriction on your control over what you want to tract and your interaction with the vendors/contractors.Software packages ensure· Enhanced flexibility· More control over requirements· Less cost on a regular basisEven if you adopt the best safety program, risk cannot be ruled out. Accidents may take place despite the best safety measures in place. You need to make sure that all insurance certificates cover necessary coverage and are updated regularly. Whether they are expiring or not can be properly tracked with help of a COI tracking software system.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Melania Trump and Brigitte Macron ditched the White House Tuesday for a visit with the works of Paul Cezanne.
The first ladies of the United States and France headed across town to the National Gallery of Art's exhibit of about 60 portraits by the French post-impressionist painter. They paused near by a portrait of Cézanne's father reading a newspaper in a chair. Mary Morton, the museum's curator of French paintings, explained that the painter had a difficult relationship with his father, who was a banker and wanted the artist to become a lawyer. The painting is from the Mellon family collection.
The two first ladies, both in stilettos and Mrs. Trump in a wide-brimmed white hat, then strolled through the building's Rotunda past a statue of Mercury.
At least in front of the cameras, Mrs. Macron did much of the chatting with the curators. Cezanne is one of France's most celebrated artists. He is known for capturing a moment in time in his works and is regarded as a major influence on other painters, such as Pablo Picasso.
Advertisement
"Merci," Mrs. Macron said, as she and Mrs. Trump rounded a fountain in an interior courtyard. Asked later whether she was enjoying her time in Washington, she nodded and said in English, "Thank you."
It was the second day of French President Emmanuel and Brigitte Macron's visit to Washington. Later Tuesday, the Trumps are hosting the couple at the administration's first state dinner.
The aseptic packaging market experiences growth due to rise in demand for the packaging solution from multiple sectors and the developing regions. Demand for convenience and packaged products is steadily on the rise as the increase in urban population and demand from the food and beverage industry has spiked demand for aseptic packaging solutions.
The packaging primarily involves keeping food safe, fresh, and flavorful for at least six months without refrigeration or preservatives. It allows food to retain more color, texture, taste, and nutrition. The process destroys and microorganisms that would otherwise contaminate the food, help keep it fresh for longer periods of time.
Pre-filled syringes are expected to be the fastest growing market, which is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.7% during the forecast period. The development of aseptic technologies in the pharmaceutical market has helped to improve the safety standards and logistical support. The sector is expected to contribute to the growth of aseptic packaging in the developing regions where the presence of pharmaceutical companies is expected to grow.
In terms of materials, the use of paper is estimated to achieve significant growth over the forecast period with an expected CAGR of 9.5%. The use of paper products is backed by concerns over ecological and sustainable packaging practices. Development in alternative sources of deriving paper products and enhancing their strength has resulted in increasing demand for the material. The use of plastics is widely being condemned by governments, which may result in a gradual decline in the use of plastic materials over the years.
Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region for aseptic packaging globally. The developing countries of India, China, and Japan have large populations with rise in middle class and large-scale urbanization. The demand for packaged food and beverage is on the rise as the consumer awareness towards food safety and packaging is expected to influence the growth. The increased presence of pharmaceutical companies in the region and their export commitment to other regions such as Europe and North America has prompted them to adopt aseptic packaging to comply with regulations.
View full report @ https://convergedmarkets.com/aseptic-packaging-market-by-material-plastic-paper-paperboard-metal-glass-wood-type-carton-bottle-can-bag-pouche-pre-filled-syringe-vial-ampoule-application-and-global-opportun
The major companies in the aseptic packaging market include Amcor, Robert Bosch, Tetra Laval, Bemis, DuPont, Reynolds Group, Greatview Aseptic Packaging, and Schott AG.
Dear PAO,
My sister is working at a big mall and she told me that she was required to wear at least two-inch high-heeled shoes at work. She also told me that she often suffered from painful leg cramps and had no access to any chair except on short breaks and lunch break. There is nothing else for her to sit on outside her station. She had been assigned as a cashier and, lately, her varicose veins were already showing in her legs. Her work requires her to reach out for customers' purchases before punching the prices of the items in the cash register. Her waiting time for the next customer strains her legs because she has to remain standing. She also puts the purchases in bags as no bagger is assigned to all of the stations at any time. Is there a law disallowing such practice of requiring the use of high-heeled shoes or that, at least, allows the use of chairs for sales personnel who are required to wear high-heeled shoes at work?
Sincerely yours,
Tamara
Advertisements
Dear Tamara,
Department Order 178, Series of 2017 of the Department of Labor and Employment (DoLE) adopted on August 25, 2017, is apt to the situation of your sister. It states:
“I. Purpose and Coverage
This order shall cover employers or establishments to address the occupational health and safety issues and concerns related to the wearing of high-heeled female shoes and/or standing at work for long periods or frequent walking, such as strain on the lower limbs, aching muscles, hazardous pressure on hip, knee, ankle [and]joints and sore feet.
This shall apply to all workers who by nature of their work, have to stand for long periods at work, or are frequently required to walk, such as retail and/or service employees, assembly-line workers, teachers and security personnel.
II. Occupational Safety and Health Measures for Workers Who Have to Stand
Pursuant to the State policy to ensure the safety and health of women employees and as part of the requirement to formulate policies and implement programs aimed at safeguarding the welfare of workers in accordance with Rules 1000 and 1960 of the Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) Standards and other related issuances, all employers and/or establishments are hereby directed to institute appropriate control measures to address the risks to safety and health of workers while standing at work or frequently walking.
These measures shall include, among others, the following:
Implement rest periods to break or cut the time spent in standing or walking.
Install appropriate flooring or mats that will mitigate the impact of frequent walking and prevent fatigue, such as wood or rubber floorings.
Provide tables or work surfaces with adjustable heights to allow workers to alternately sit and stand while performing their tasks.
Provide readily accessible seats to be used during rest periods or even during working hours, provided the employees can perform their duties in this position without detriment to efficiency. These can be small foldable stools which can easily be stowed away so as not to hamper the work area.
Implement the use of footwear which is practical and comfortable. These should not pinch the feet or toes; are well-fitted and non-slipping; provide adequate cushion and support to the arch of feet; either flat or with low heels that must be wide-based or wedge type and no higher than one inch.
The employers, in consultation with the workers, may adopt other measures to address occupational safety and health concerns of workers who have to stand at work for long periods or whose functions require them to walk frequently.” [Emphasis supplied]
Your sister may seek refuge in this latest DoLE Department Order, given the nature of her work as a saleslady.
Her employer is required to comply within thirty (30) days upon the effectivity of the order, which shall take place fifteen (15) days after its publication in a newspaper of general circulation. Any deviation on the mandate may subject the company to an inspection pursuant to the existing rules.
We hope that we were able to answer your queries. Please be reminded that this advice is based solely on the facts you have narrated and our appreciation of the same. Our opinion may vary when other facts are changed or elaborated.
Editor's note: Dear PAO is a daily column of the Public Attorney's Office. Questions for Chief Acosta may be sent to dearpao@manilatimes.net
HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Pakistan had five balls to spare when it beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament.
Solomon Mire missed out on a chance to become Zimbabwe's first century-maker in a T20 international as his 94-run knock carried Zimbabwe to 162-4 after captain Hamilton Masakadza lost his first toss in the tri-series and his team was put in to bat.
Opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) led Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against an inexperienced bowling attack as Pakistan registered its second win against Zimbabwe.
It was Zimbabwe's third straight loss.
Advertisement
Australia plays against Pakistan on Thursday before both teams meet in Sunday's final.
MILWAUKEE (AP) " The Latest on the trial of a former Milwaukee police officer charged in the death of a black man last year (all times local):
5 p.m.
The prosecutor who charged a former Milwaukee police officer in the fatal shooting of black man says the man was unarmed and defenseless on the ground when the officer shot him "point blank."
Milwaukee County District Attorney John Chisholm made the comments Tuesday during opening statements in the trial of Dominique Heaggan-Brown. Chisholm says Heaggan-Brown was standing over Sylville Smith when he shot him in the chest. Smith had fled from a traffic stop and had a handgun, but slipped and had thrown the gun away after Heaggan-Brown first shot him in the arm.
Advertisement
Defense attorney Jonathan Smith says Heaggan-Brown "feared for his safety" and thought Sylville was still armed.
Smith's death ignited riots in the predominantly black neighborhood where he was killed Aug. 13. Heaggan-Brown, who is also black, is charged with first-degree reckless homicide.
___
1:15 p.m.
Jurors will hear opening statements Tuesday in the trial of a former Milwaukee police officer whose fatal shooting of a black man last year ignited riots in a predominantly black neighborhood.
Dominique Heaggan-Brown is charged with first-degree reckless homicide in the death of Sylville Smith after Smith fled a traffic stop on Aug. 13. Smith was holding a gun and facing Heaggan-Brown, who is also black, when the officer shot him in the arm after Smith slipped and fell. Heaggan-Brown said he thought Smith was reaching for a gun in his waistband when he shot him again, this time in the chest, killing him.
But prosecutors say Smith had thrown his gun over a fence and was unarmed when Heaggan-Brown fired the fatal shot. Both shots happened within two seconds.
The trial will provide the public with the first look at body-camera video of what happened.
Jurors are being sequestered for the duration of the trial, which is expected to last about a week. The jury, which includes four alternates, is comprised of four men and 12 women. Three black men and two black women are on the jury.
Heaggan-Brown faces up to 60 years in prison if convicted. He was fired in October after being charged with sexual assault in an unrelated case.
Within hours of Smith's shooting, demonstrators flocked to the Sherman Park neighborhood and began throwing rocks, bricks, and bottles at police officers. That night and the next, protesters burned eight businesses and a police squad car. When it was over, police had arrested about 40 demonstrators and multiple police officers were hurt.
The violence mirrored unrest that followed the killings of black men by police in other cities, including the deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and Freddie Gray in Baltimore.
TULSA, Okla. (AP) — The Latest on a Delta Air Lines flight diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger (all times local):
2:10 p.m.
Delta Air Lines is apologizing to customers whose plans were delayed because a flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta had to land in Tulsa, Oklahoma, due to what it described as an unruly passenger.
Delta spokesman Anthony Black says flight 1156 landed "without incident" and that there were 172 passengers and six crew members onboard the Boeing 737-900.
Advertisement
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says the plane landed about 11:30 a.m. Wednesday and the passenger was removed. Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance.
FBI spokeswoman Andrea Anderson in Oklahoma City confirmed the agency was investigating but referred other questions to the U.S. Attorney's office.
___
1:50 p.m.
A Delta Air Lines flight from Portland, Oregon, to Atlanta was diverted to Tulsa, Oklahoma, because of an onboard disturbance involving a passenger.
Tulsa International Airport spokeswoman Alexis Higgins says Delta flight 1156 landed about 11:30 a.m. and the passenger was removed to be questioned by the FBI.
Higgins said she did not know the nature of the disturbance and a Delta spokesman did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
Higgins said the aircraft was refueling shortly after 1:15 p.m. and would resume the flight to Atlanta.
Hal gives us some tips on viewing a partial eclipse.
This week on Looking Up Hal has some advice for those observers not in the path of totality of the upcoming solar eclipse on August 21st. In other words, what to expect during a partial solar eclipse.
We are only a week away from that rare and beautiful astronomical wonder, a solar eclipse. If you've decided not to drive up to Wyoming or western Nebraska next Monday, let me give you a couple of tips on how to look at the partial eclipse visible in southern Colorado, and what you are going to see.
First off, let's be VERY clear. There is absolutely, positively NO safe way to look directly at a partial solar eclipse. Don't do it, period. Have I been clear enough? Don't look directly at the Sun without proper protection! I mean it!
But if you've obtained a set of specially made eclipse goggles, you can test them out now by looking up at the Sun. You'll be a bit surprised, I bet, at how tiny the disk of the Sun really is. Sometimes when the Sun is low, atmospheric distortions can make it appear larger than it really is. Use those goggle to watch the Moon start to take a nip out of the Sun's disk about 20 minutes after 10am. The entire eclipse will last about 2 ¼ hours. I'll have more specifics next week.
If you don't have a set of eclipse goggles, you can see something remarkable by looking down at the shadow of leaves on the ground during the eclipse. You'll notice they get very strangely shaped. I won't spoil the fun, but get ready for some weird shadows.
If you'd like to take a closer look at the Sun or any of the wonderful and amazing things in the sky, please visit csastro.org for a link to information on our monthly meetings and our free public star parties.
Tungsten carbide powder is a compound containing atoms of tungsten and carbide. Tungsten carbide powder can be pressed and molded into different shapes and sizes for usage in cutting tools, abrasives, industrial machinery, jewelry, and other tools and equipment. This powder is characterized by high thermal conductivity, extreme stiffness, and intense strength. Furthermore, it is denser than steel and aluminum. Tungsten carbide powder is produced through a conventional method of carburization, which involves mixing tungsten powder with high purity carbon and reacting the mixture at temperatures ranging between 1,300 and 1,600 degrees centigrade in hydrogen atmosphere. The powder formed is stored in sealed polythene lined steel drums.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tungsten-carbide-powder-market.html
Micro grain tungsten carbide powder is employed for nozzles, circuit board drills, and end mills, while fine powder is utilized in cutting tools. Further, ultra and medium coarse powders are employed in energy drilling tools, mining tools, and road construction bits.
Rise in mining and construction activities, development of engineering industries, and expansion of the transportation sector are some demand-generating factors which are estimated to drive the expansion of the global tungsten carbide powder market. In the mining and construction industry, these powders are employed in tunnel boring machines and roller-cutters since these powders offer resistance from abrasion, wear and tear, and improve the strength of materials.
It is also widely utilized in jewelry to prevent them from getting scratched or tarnished easily. Demand for energy minerals such as coal has led to an increase in mining activities. This, coupled with rapid urbanization and improved infrastructure, has led to expansion of the in construction project. The emerging economies have been witnessing a rise in demand for coal and other minerals due to an increase in electricity consumption to satisfy a large population
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23747
Therefore, all these factors are anticipated to lead to an increase in demand for tungsten carbide powders.
However, tungsten carbide powders are highly toxic. Inhaling them can cause serious respiratory diseases and can also severely affect vision and cause skin allergies. Extensive usage of these powders in cement carbide causes harmful effects on the environment. Therefore harmful health and environmental effects of tungsten carbide powders can lead to their reduced usage, thereby causing hindrance to the expansion of the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Kid Rock is reportedly being considered as a potential candidate for Senate.
The 46-year-old musician, real name Robert Ritchie, was apparently discussed during a Michigan Republican Party convention last weekend, according to Rollcall.com.
The website reports the rocker was thrown into the mix as one of the Republican contenders for Michigan Democrat Debbie Stabenow's Senate seat next year, but no official decisions have been made as yet.
While Rock's name is likely to come as a surprise to the majority, he has always been very vocal about his political beliefs. Despite considering himself as Republican, there are some issues he disagrees with the party on, as he previously explained to The Guardian newspaper.
“I am definitely a Republican on fiscal issues and the military, but I lean to the middle on social issues. I am no fan of abortion, but it's not up to a man to tell a woman what to do. As an ordained minister I don't look forward to marrying gay people, but I'm not opposed to it,” he said.
Born Free singer Rock has been a massive supporter of several Republican candidates, including Mitt Romney during his bid for the U.S. presidency back in 2012.
He is also a supporter of new U.S. President Donald Trump, and began stocking Trump merchandise in his online store prior to the November election. Among the items are T-shirts bearing the slogan “God, Guns & Trump”, and hats stating, “Make America Bada-- Again”.
The right to bear arms is something Rock feels very passionately about, and he owns several guns himself, including a .22 rifle and a semi-automatic with a silencer.
“I'm always buying more guns. I have everything from a Civil War cannon to an MP5 machine gun and old police guns. If someone invades your house, yeah, you can shoot them. I don't think crazy people should have guns,” he added.
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
A violent Dunstable robbery which saw victims attacked with baseball bats has been described by police as “vicious” and “unprovoked”.
At around midnight on Saturday (June 10) two men were walking along Mountview Avenue when they were approached by two men carrying baseball bats.
The offenders, who had their faces covered, demanded money and when the victims refused they attacked them with the bats.
The victims were taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Detective Constable Colin Knight, investigating, said: “This was a vicious and unprovoked attack which caused serious harm to the victims. Robbery is unacceptable and violence of any kind will not be tolerated. I am keen to speak to anyone who saw two men acting suspiciously in the area at the time, or who has any information on the incident to get in touch.”
Please contact DC Knight on 101 quoting reference number JD/24885/2017. Alternatively you can contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
The Arizona Cardinals have struggled with injuries on the offensive line for two years. That trend continues after the team's 12-7 win over the Tennesee Titans.
Left tackle Jared Veldheer suffered a fractured ankle in the fourth quarter of the game and is headed to injured reserve, while right guard Earl Watford suffered a high ankle sprain, according to coach Bruce Arians at his Monday press conference.
The ankle fracture was “totally” a surprise for Arians.
“I was worried about his arm,” he explained, referring to the elbow injury that sidelined him in practice for much of last week. “His arm, after the game, he said, ‘My arm feels great. I think I'm good, but I might have sprained my ankle,' and it was fractured.”
Rookie Will Holden, who was slated to perhaps start in Veldheer's place against the Titans had he been unable to play, is expected to start this weekend on the road against the Washington Redskins.
Holden would make the fourth player to start at left tackle this season.
As for Watford's injury, Arians did not know how long it would sideline him. Evan Boehm is in line to start again at right guard in his place.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Cards Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
BRUNSWICK — After resolving prior questions, the Planning Board approved plans Tuesday for a 13-unit subdivision in a rural part of town off Durham Road.
The 4-0 vote – from which Jane Arbuckle was absent and Robert Burgess recused himself – was tabled during a review June 6, after the board received a last-minute packet of new information.
At that meeting, Vice Chairwoman Margaret Wilson and Arbuckle raised concerns over the plan's “fragmented” conservation plots. Their reaction prompted the applicant, Jon Snell, to submit a revised design.
Joe Mardens, of engineering and landscape architecture firm Sitelines, also sought to ameliorate neighbors' fears that the subdivision – which alludes to an eventual 12-home expansion – would dry up area wells.
Each of the 13 proposed homes in the so-called Ridgewood Estates will be hooked to private septic and wells. The homes are clustered as close as possible to Durham Road, but occupy more than 35 acres of a larger, 180-acre tract in a quasi-triangular parcel that shares a border with Interstate 295.
Mardens said he brought some of the units even closer to Durham Road since the previous week's review, and reworked another option for land designated for conservation.
The changes were designed to mitigate the board's critique that the subdivision's layout caused the fragmentation of nearly 24 acres of proposed conservation land, which were separated into four disparate chunks. This was in spite of the fact that the Conservation Commission “determined the proposed development would not unreasonably fragment” the area between Durham Road and Interstate 295 at their May 30 site walk, according to the project application.
Marden's revised layout – which appeased the board – reduced the total conservation area to 19 acres, but consolidated the land into three areas in closer proximity.
“Keep(ing) the conservation land more connected along that major stream, to me, that makes more sense,” Wilson said Tuesday.
She and the board based their feedback on guidelines for the Rural Brunswick Smart Growth overlay district, where the parcel is located; the intent of the district is “to minimize the removal of woody vegetation that breaks large unfragmented blocks of forest into smaller patches of forest,” according to the zoning ordinance.
The development of the wooded parcel also faced resistance from neighbors, who were not present Tuesday because they had been allowed public comment at both the June 6 meeting and a May 3 sketch plan review.
Many of the abutters also worried that the influx of new homes would deplete their wells.
But David Brooks, a groundwater hydrologist with 25 years of experience working in Maine, told the board the development would pose no threat. The parcel would still see an annual surplus of nearly 2 million gallons of water a year, based on his “conservative” calculation of groundwater supply and demand.
After the meeting, Snell said construction would begin immediately. The homes would be priced at market rate, he said.
Snell will have to return before the board if he submits plans for a second-phase expansion of the subdivision. Board Chairman Charlie Frizzle noted that those plans would likely be subject to a new zoning ordinance, which is under review by the Town Council.
Callie Ferguson can be reached at 781-3661, ext. 100, or cferguson@theforecaster.net. Follow Callie on Twitter: @calliecferguson.
After the developer modified his plans to appease neighborhood concerns, the Brunswick Planning Board approved a 13-home subdivision on 40 acres of a larger 180-acre wooded parcel off Durham Road in rural west Brunswick.
GUILTY: Christopher Willert, 32, walked free from court after being released on immediate parole.
GUILTY: Christopher Willert, 32, walked free from court after being released on immediate parole.
Reporter Ross Irby has wander-lust mixed with a sense of adventure, spending way too many years roaming about Australia, its back roads and off-shore foreign lands. Enjoys a yarn, story telling and tales, along with curiosity to find out about the lives and (mis)adventures of others. An off-beat sense of humour, not taking it all too seriously, along with big doses of flexibility/adaptability whatever the situation is the best way to go. You have to have the life experiences to have empathy...
WHEN his then girlfriend admitted cheating to Christopher Willert it triggered two violent outbursts - where he dragged her by the throat, smashed her head into a wall and then into concrete.
With no previous offences of violence, Willert, 32, went before the District Court in Bundaberg and pleaded guilty to two counts of assault causing bodily harm to his girlfriend on July 23, last year both domestic violence offences.
The maximum jail sentence is seven years.
Crown prosecutor Clare Kelly said Willert had been seeing the 40-year-old woman for seven months.
He was living at his mother's house in Kalkie and on July 23 day there had been two arguments about 3pm, then at 6pm.
In Crown facts for the first offence - viewed as the less serious of the two - Willert grabbed her throat, dragged her into a hallway, smashed her head three times into a wall and dropped her on to the floor.
Ms Kelly said the second assault occurred after the pair returned from town after doing errands.
A verbal argument broke out and Willert's mother intervened, before he dragged his girlfriend by the throat down a hallway and outside.
Ms Kelly said Willert lifted the woman up and dropped her on to concrete.
He had taken her mobile phone, punched her in the nose, and she fell back on to the ground briefly losing consciousness.
The woman had blood on her face and Willert's mother told him to let her back inside the house. A taxi was called and the woman left.
She suffered bruising, grazing and a black eye.
Judge William Everson accepted the woman had soft tissue injuries and the violence caused her emotional distress.
"This was not a violent relationship," Willert's barrister Simone Bain said.
"It was a one-off episode when he lost his temper."
"What set him off?" queried Judge Everson.
Ms Bain said there was an argument about the victim's infidelity. She admitted to having an affair and the violence was the result of Willert wanting her to leave the house.
Ms Bain said Willert had been diagnosed with a mood disorder problem 12 years ago, complicated by his then ongoing marijuana use that caused him psychotic episodes.
"He's woken up to the dangers and hasn't used cannabis for seven years," she said.
Judge Everson sentenced Willert to three months jail for the first offence and 12 months jail for the second, to be served currently. He ordered Willert's immediate release on parole.
"In the first offence you stood up quickly, grabbed her throat, smashed her head three times into the wall," Judge Everson said.
"You did errands and returned home. An argument escalated and you became very violent towards her, dragging her down the hallway by the throat.
"Outside you lifted her up, slammed her down on concrete. She hit her head on concrete, lost consciousness. You punched her nose with your right fist."
Judge Everson denounced the conduct, saying "domestic violence is to be deplored."
It seemed illusionary at the Senior Championships last February. Kellie Harrington, four kilos lighter than she used to be, seemed almost bigger than she ever did while beating Amy Broadhurst in the final. For a boxer that is a feat of presentation.
“Conditioning,” says Harrington. Simple as that.
For the current World Championship silver medal-winning light-welterweight (64 kg) fighter, her decision to move down to 60 kilos means the vacancy left by Katie Taylor's move to the professional ranks after Rio 2016 is now filled.
The decision to change divisions was effectively made for Harrington when the International Olympic Committee (IOC) decided on transferring two weight divisions from men to women, giving women five Olympic weight categories at Flyweight (51kg), Featherweight (57kg), Lightweight (60kg), Welterweight (69kg) and Middleweight (75kg). About time too.
Harrington's decision was straightforward. To qualify for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020, she could drop four kilos down to lightweight or go up five kilos to the welterweight division. In hindsight there was no real choice at all.
To come in at 64 kilos, Harrington always had to reach up. So Taylor's old residency at 60 kilos was more of a comfortable fall back fit than the Olympic category above at 69 kilos.
The European Championships, which begin on June 5th in Sofia, Bulgaria will be Harrington's second major championships in the lightweight division after last year's European Union Championships where she won the silver medal.
“It's comfortable enough,” she says. “It's just that I have put on a good bit of size as well with conditioning, so it's down to my diet. I started cutting things out earlier rather than leaving it to the last minute so it's not that I'm starving or anything. It's cutting stuff out.
“Then cutting everything else down, not eating as much as I normally eat. That's the hard part. It does feel like I'm hungry but still getting enough food in me. Because I'm used to eating so much.
“No it wouldn't be that bad. No, no,” she says when Paddy Barnes is mentioned. Twice Olympic bronze medallist Barnes, at 49 kilos was regularly short-tempered because of the stress on his body making the weight. Regularly hungry and thirsty he couldn't eat or drink when preparing for competition.
“Light welterweight was 64kg. I was never actually 64kg,” she adds. “I was always lighter than 64kg but now I look bigger than I did when I was at 64.”
World final
Harrington first made her case at the top of the world field when she met Asian champion Wenlu Yang in the 2014 World Championship 64kg final in Astana, Kazakhstan. Narrowly beaten by the Chinese boxer, she became just the second woman after Taylor to contest a world final and the fifth Irish boxer to do so.
She also became the first Irish woman to finish ahead of Taylor in any world competition. Taylor left Astana with a bronze medal after losing her semi-final to Estelle Mossely. It was the only World Championship fight Taylor had lost since 2005.
But Kellie sees her boxing through the prism of Harrington, not Taylor. Although Taylor's departure has left an amateur trail few will follow, it has also opened up the lightweight division for Tokyo. It leaves an opening for Irish boxers like Harrington to fill rather than a lingering shadow.
Kellie Harrington: “This would be the biggest test since the World Championships . . . I'll do what I can do.” Photograph: Tommy Dickson/Inpho
“Katie Taylor is a fantastic boxer. She's accomplished so much and what she has done for herself is amazing,” says Harrington. “And credit for where she got to, what she's done and where she's going to go. She's going to blow up even more now.
“But if 64 kilos was there [in the Olympics], I'd be doing 64 kilos. I wouldn't be trying to do 60 kilos. There would be no doubt about that so I'm just taking each day as it comes, every tournament as a step, each round as a step.”
Harrington has reason to believe she can forge her own history. As recently as last year's European Union Championships final, where she lost to Mira Potkonen, she again made a mark. It was the Finn who knocked Taylor out of the Olympics in Rio. Potkonen came away with a split decision victory after outlasting Harrington and forcing two standing counts in the final round. Right now Harrington is a year further along the track.
“I feel I'm in the shape of my life,” she says. “I feel physically fitter and stronger than I have ever felt before. I've been in with some of the best girls out there and brought back a silver medal from the European Union Championships last year at 60kg.
“So I'm there or thereabouts. Four years ago the goals were to get to the same level as the other top-class boxers. At the moment I'm at that level now.
“I was 64 kilos in the 2016 Euros. This would be the biggest test since the World Championships, yes. But I just look at this as another tournament, just another day. I'll do what I can do.”
Now on a Sport Ireland grant, she has fallen into a full-time routine in Abbotstown with the elite boxers. But her job in St Vincent's Hospital in Fairview, by her choice, has not been abandoned.
Meet people
Aware she is being paid to box, she continues to work every second weekend. Dinners and the cups of tea with the patients, she says, is by choice not necessity. Or, as she further explains, is actually by necessity as well as by choice.
“That's my break away from boxing. People have different things,” she says. “That's my break away. It doesn't seem like I'm going into work. It feels like I'm going in to meet people. I love it. It's great. I would never give it up.
“Some interview I did before it came across like I was forced to work. I was furious over it. Nobody forces me to do anything. I do what I want to do and I love what I do. If I didn't like it and I wasn't happy I would never do it. I get great pleasure out of it. It's a great fulfilment. All the patients in the hospital follow my boxing
“I bring in bars of chocolate and crisps and ice-cream. I'd have a party with them. I'd put on the music, be getting them up dancing. I love it and they love it. I've energy and they love it because they feed off my energy and they get a great buzz out of it. It's a bit of stimulation. They are all my friends. They are very straight with you. They tell you how it is, you know.”
Harrington has a charm that is distinctly Dublin inner city and an ambition that comes straight from the elite team, one that knows it's way around World Championships and Olympic Games better than any other sport in Ireland.
It's a confidence derived from historical success. They can walk as equals. They can compete. They can win.
“We are not going to make up the numbers,” she says. “We want to be bringing back medals. Yeah, that is important. The World Championships and Tokyo would be the big picture.
“The world championships are in November so it's the Euros, the Worlds and the European Games, then qualifiers for Tokyo. The next year and a half is big. It's challenging.”
And that's the reality. No illusion.
RIGHT after the powers-that-be realized that the peasantry can no longer recapture the fire and unity that made it a force to reckon with (a peasant-led rebellion nearly toppled the established government, remember), the powerful set out to accomplish two things. First, just ignore the peasantry. Second, weaken the institutions that take care of agriculture, the farmers and every man and woman who work for the sector.
Never mind the fact that 30 percent or so of the country's workforce is still agriculture-centric or agriculture-related. A politically prostrate peasantry—this is the contention of those in power—can't unsettle the ruling powers. There is no use listening to their plaints, which are endless. The peasantry can be ignored without posing a challenge to the Republic, unlike in earlier times, the time of Luis Taruc, Casto Alejandrino, Linda Bie et al.
Today, on the rare occasions that advocates for the agriculture sector and the welfare of the small farmers are given the microphone, this scenario always unfolds. Somebody heckling the advocates with this: We are a service economy, please stop ranting about the importance of the agriculture sector. times have changed, radically.
That is the same sense that comes from the country's economic managers. Ignore agriculture and the farmers. There is no political risk involved.
On the legislative front, the burden of fighting for the agriculture sector and the small farmers has fallen on the party-list Butil. But whoever represents Butil is handicapped. There is no support group that really rallies behind pro-agriculture and pro-farm bills and resolutions.
The agriculture committees of the two chambers of Congress have, for the past 20 years, stopped enacting bold measures into law. The reason is unfathomable but it is the truth and nothing but the truth.
The budgetary allocation to agriculture does not reflect a concern for a sector that remains the source of livelihood for 30 percent of Filipinos. The concern is always token and nominal, not matched by funding support. When 30 percent of your people are in that sector and that sector contributes a single digit to the GDP, something very wrong is apparent and clear. That immediately suggests a grave economic wrong. Yet, nothing is done to make that sector productive and profitable.
In the context of such disconnect, state policies should automatically put in place the imperative budgetary tweaks. Then, and until now, agriculture, and this is the sad truth, remains a low government priority as the oxygen of the budgetary process is sucked by the high-profile priorities.
And how the State bludgeons the institutions of agriculture via ill-advised policies boggles the mind.
Mr. Aquino, and this was one of the worst transgressions of his government, carved out a special agency out of the already neglected Department of Agriculture. Under the fake premise of “agricultural modernization,” the National Food Authority (NFA), The Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA), the Fertilizer and Pesticide Authority were sliced off the DA to form one small department.
That “balkanization“ – as expected – accomplished nothing but administrative and logistical nightmares.
Of course, a comic like Procy Alcala, Mr. Aquino's agriculture secretary, was a clueless, incompetent leader of a very important agency. But instead of purging Mr. Alcala and kicking him out of the DA, Mr. Aquino just balkanized the agency with the hope that some good would come out of it. But tearing apart a frontline agency to save some sectors from the clueless Mr. Alcala was never good policy and that showed.
Mr. Duterte was expected to correct that balkanization after assuming office, given his campaign promise to lift up the sectors neglected by Mr. Aquino. But it was only two years after his term commenced, and the surge in rice prices, that he realized the folly of Mr. Aquino's balkanization.
He has reportedly ordered the return of the NFA, the PCA and the FPA to the DA, which was a right decision. It was supposedly a done deal but the snail-paced movement of the bureaucracy has prevented a swift and urgent DA takeover of the agencies.
An NFA that functions out of the administrative jurisdiction of the DA is a serious anomaly. The DA oversees the rice production program. All the data and science behind agronomy are with the DA. Yet, planning rice importation and palay acquisition, basically the most important functions of the NFA, have been done without coordination with the DA, the production and supply caretaker, over the past years.
We farmers can only hope that this will be the last dismemberment of the DA. The institution is already weak from the lack of budgetary support and the built-in bias against agriculture from the country's economic managers. That the two legislative committees on agriculture have failed to put in place big policies to support agriculture just added to the sector's woes.
Yes, we farmers have lost our voice, the fire in the belly even.
The only equalizer to these woes is a strong and pro-active DA and full support for its many functions.
April 12 Metanor Resources Inc:
* Consolidation of its common shares on basis of 1 post-consolidation common share for every 10 pre-consolidation common shares
* Consolidation of its common shares will be effective at commencement of trading April 13 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
An Otara family is being moved out of their state house after a slimy, dripping mushroom sprouted from their kitchen wall.
Nicole Jenkins, 30, has lived in the Housing New Zealand property in Piako St for a year, along with four young children.
Son Moses, 12, said he first noticed a "little pebble" on the kitchen wall last week and told his mum.
"The next day there was a mushroom. It was standing up, it was slimy, it was dripping stuff," Moses said.
Advertisement
Jenkins started Googling mushrooms, fearing any toxic spores could end up in her kids' food. "I was starting to freak out, thinking we're all going to end up in hospital".
The wall backs on to the laundry and had been damp for a few weeks, but the mushroom sprouted during a spell of warm weather. She's since found mushrooms have grown in the pot cupboard too.
The mushrooms aren't the only damp-related problem in the semi-detached wooden house.
Slugs and snails crawl into the cupboards through a hole under the sink, leaving slime in the pots and pans.
Mildew and mould grow on the ceiling, on 1-year-old Johnny's high chair, inside all the cupboards. Jenkins washes the curtains once a month but has just replaced them because the mildew was too bad.
"It doesn't matter how much you clean," she said. "You can be the cleanest person in the world but it happens all the time."
The mushroom Nicole Jenkins found growing out of her kitchen wall at the her Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Supplied The mushroom Nicole Jenkins found growing out of her kitchen wall at the her Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Supplied
But the latest infestation had her at her wit's end. Jenkins contacted Housing New Zealand last week, eventually going into the office to convince her housing manager to visit the house.
"I said hey this is not on, it's really unhygienic," she said.
"My housing manager came with another lady. They said they'll put the job through - they said it's a 21-day job.
"I said 'I'm not living in this house for 21 days with mushrooms growing out of my wall'. Especially if my baby grabbed one and ate it."
Yesterday the Herald contacted Housing New Zealand about Jenkins' house. A few hours later, decontamination experts arrived at the property along with several HNZ staff.
Last night Jenkins was told the family had to move out by this morning because it was too dangerous to inspect the house while they lived there.
Nicole Jenkins with her children Johnny, 1, and London, 4 at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Jason Oxenham Nicole Jenkins with her children Johnny, 1, and London, 4 at the their Housing NZ property in Otara. Photo / Jason Oxenham
HNZ has offered her a motel "which was nice" but she's turned it down in favour of staying with her mum, as she gets anxious in places she doesn't know.
Leaky water pipes might be the cause of the issue, the housing provider told Jenkins.
In a statement Housing New Zealand regional manager Karen Hitchcock said Jenkins called the customer service centre last Thursday.
"We arranged to visit her the next day. Following this visit, a repair job was logged to resolve this issue.
"Our contractors are visiting the property today to examine further and undertake any repairs that may be necessary.
"If any significant work is required, we would look to work with Ms Jenkins and temporarily re-house her and her family, if required."
Questions over HNA future after Wang Jian death
Following the death of HNA Group co-founder Wang Jian, the FT's James Kynge explains his role at the Chinese conglomerate, and the difficulties for HNA in the midst of a restructuring.
May 3 Grenke AG:
* Grenke consolidated group increases net profit by 28% in Q1
* Q1 net interest income improved by 14.2% from 51.8 million euros in previous year to 59.1 million euros and was largely a result of terms of contracts in portfolio (cm1)
* Q1 losses fell 13.0% in three-month period from 15.7 million euros in previous year to 13.6 million euros
* Q1 significant 28.0% rise in consolidated group's net profit to 28.8 million euros compared with 22.5 million euros in previous year
* Company confirms forecast for current fiscal year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Lean Six Sigma Marketing for Manufacturers Redefined by TR Cutler Inc.
Contact
Thomas R. Cutler
President/ CEO/ Journalist
***@trcutlerinc.com Thomas R. CutlerPresident/ CEO/ Journalist
End
-- Manufacturing marketing is no longer about sales brochures, product spec sheets, and ROI justification. Cutting edge manufacturers are embracing a marketing playbook that is consumed with growth and lead generation according to the most published manufacturing journalist worldwide, Thomas R. Cutler.Cutler is opposed to rear-view mirror audits of marketing outreach communications, rather favors assessment that generation strategic approaches driving a manufacturer's short and long term growth objectives to harness the latest tools and tactics. One day assessments are analogous to an immediate marketing kaizen event.Now through June 10, 2017, those companies that utilize in the manufacturing marketing kaizen event will be profiled in at least two feature articles within 90 days following the event. According to Cutler, "Manufacturers have to bring all the Lean Six Sigma plant floor breakthroughs into the company messaging and strategy."About TR Cutler, Inc.TR Cutler, Inc. was founded seventeen years ago by Thomas R. Cutler. Cutler is the President and CEO of Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based, TR Cutler, Inc., ( www.trcutlerinc.com ), the largest manufacturing communication firm worldwide with four dozen industry experts and thought leaders on staff. Cutler maintains extraordinary relationships with clients, journalists, editors, economists, trendsetters, and key business leaders worldwide and has become a key resource for those writing about the manufacturing sector. Cutler founded the Manufacturing Media Consortium in 1999, which now has more than 6,000 global members including journalists, editors, publishers, and economists, worldwide writing about trends, industrial data, manufacturing case studies, material handling profiles, and robotics feature articles. Cutler works with thousands of media outlets to expand the coverage and importance of the manufacturing media coverage.Cutler has authored more than 6,000 articles for a wide range of manufacturing periodicals, industrial publications, and business journals each published in leading monthly trade magazines, B2B periodicals, blogs, and marquis publications globally. Cutler is the most published freelance industrial journalist worldwide, and more than 3500 industry leaders follow Cutler on Twitter daily at @ThomasRCutler.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Pesticide Intermediates Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Syngenta, Bayer, BASF, Dow AgroSciences, Monsanto, DuPont, DuPont, Nufarm, Lanxess, FMC, Tagros Chemicals, Bailing Agrochemical Co. Ltd., Cidic Co. Ltd., Nanjing Qisheng Chemical Co. Ltd..
The Pesticide Intermediates Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Pesticide Intermediates industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-pesticide-intermediates-market/10153/#requestforsample
The Pesticide Intermediates Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Pesticide Intermediates Market Products Type Segmentation : Chemical Pesticide, Biopesticide
.
Pesticide Intermediates Market Applications Segmentation : Weeding, Insecticide, Bactericide, Others.
Key Highlights of the Pesticide Intermediates Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-pesticide-intermediates-market/10153/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Pesticide Intermediates market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
CRESTVIEW, Fla. — A Florida man arrested for destroying a liquor store under construction told police he was Alice in Wonderland and that a “hookah-smoking caterpillar” ordered him to attack the site.
Crestview police said in a post on Facebook that Matthew Horace Jones is accused of breaking into a fenced-in area and using a forklift to cause more than US$100,000 in damage. He faces grand theft felony and other charges.
Witnesses called 911 and police went to the site. The police report says Jones aimed the forklift toward officers, who stopped him at gunpoint.
Police quoted Jones as identifying himself as Alice in Wonderland, blaming the attack on “a hookah-smoking caterpillar” and saying that he had a problem with “building a place to sell alcohol.”
No lawyer is listed for him.
The statues of Jesus, Mary, and Joseph are seen in a cage as a protest of child separation policy, in Indianapolis, Indiana on July 2, 2018. Christ Church Cathedral Indianapolis/via REUTERS
A church in Indianapolis is sending a message against President Donald Trump's immigration policies by putting statues of baby Jesus, Mary, and Joseph inside a chain-linked fence on its lawn. The nativity statutes at the Christ Church Cathedral in downtown Indianapolis depicts Mary cradling baby Jesus while Joseph looks on. “That family is every family who are seeking safety for their children,” the church's dean and rector, Steve Carlsen, told CNN.
“On our lawn tonight we placed The Holy Family…in #ICE detention,” the church wrote on Twitter.
Although nativity scenes are common across the country people often forget what it means, Carlsen said. “That was a homeless couple who weren't welcome anywhere, who took refuge in the barn, and it was to that couple that the Christ child was born,” he told the Washington Post. “The heart of God is always with those who are on the margins, who are vulnerable and have no voice.”
The Episcopal church set up the display Monday night as part of its #EveryFamilyIsHoly campaign. “This family is every family, and every family is holy,” explained Rev. Canon Lee Curtis.
The church, which has been critical of Trump's immigration policies in the past, has no set date to take down the display. “How long is it needed?” Carlsen said. “I would love for it to be outdated and be taken down. That would be my greatest wish.”
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
We have team news f0r the Irish Rugby team to play Japan on Saturday morning, start is 6am Irish time, the game is live on Eir Sport.
It's a very early start for Irish rugby fans but once the match is over fans can start watching the Lions play the Maori All Blacks at 8:30am.
Ireland captain Rhys Ruddock is joined in the backrow by Dan Leavy and Jack Conan. Quinn Roux and Devin Toner are paired in the second row with Cian Healy, Niall Scannell and John Ryan filling the front row positions.
Luke McGrath makes his first start for Ireland at scrum-half and his half-back partner is Paddy Jackson. Rory Scannell starts at inside centre alongside Garry Ringrose in midfield and there is an all Munster back three combination with Simon Zebo at fullback and Keith Earls and Andrew Conway named on the wings.
There are two uncapped players among the replacements – Kieran Treadwell and Rory O'Loughlin alongside James Tracy, Dave Kilcoyne, Finlay Bealham, Jack O'Donoghue, Kieran Marmion and Tiernan O'Halloran.
The match kicks off at 14:00 local time (06:00 Irish time) and is being broadcast by Eir in ROI.
IRELAND v Japan – Ecopa Stadium, Shizuoka, Japan
A traditional Italian ice cream parlour with 50 flavours of gelato will open its doors inside a Northampton shopping centre and will serve up waffles and cookie dough's too.
Gallone's Ice Cream Parlour, opening on Monday (April 30) at Weston Favell Shopping Centre, will offering customers 50 different ice cream flavours and sorbets, which include peanut butter, bubblegum, chocolate chip.
But the treats do not stop there - the parlour will also offer those with sweet tooth pancakes, waffles, sundaes, cakes and cookie doughs too.
Weston Favell's Centre Manager, Kevin Legg, said: “We're really excited to welcome Gallone's Ice Cream Parlour to the Weston Favell Shopping Centre just in time for Summer.
Students at Lumbertubs Primary school have also got into the spirit and classes have been competing to design the kiosk's first 'dream sundae'.
The winning class will be visiting the centre at 11am on Monday to see their creation brought to life... and enjoy a cone or two.
Mr Legg added: "I am sure our shoppers will love them just as much we do. We are really pleased to welcome in a local school on Monday to do the honours of opening the new store and creating the first dream sundae”.
The new Gallone's Ice Cream Parlour has close links with Warwickshire's ice cream heritage.
Aldo Gallone is the grandson of Dionisio DiMascio, owner of Coventry's famous D Di's ice-cream vans of the 1950s and 1960s.
The company uses many of the same traditional family recipes and production techniques that became so popular in the area in the past.
Gallones Ice Cream Parlours director Cathy Gallone said: "We are very excited to be opening our first indoor kiosk at Weston Favell.
"Following the success of our parlours in Leamington Spa, Bedford and Market Harborough, this kiosk is an exciting addition to the family and we hope everyone will enjoy the vast array of ice cream flavours and desserts on offer.
"Although we will not be able to offer our parties at this branch, they will still be available at Kingsthorpe, and we will have all the usual waffles and pancakes and over 50 flavours of ice cream. We can't wait to get started!”
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Prime Minister Bill English has hinted that the Reserve Bank should consider removing restrictions on mortgage lending.
English said today that there had been a "correction" in the New Zealand housing market, and that "raised the question of how long [the restrictions] would be there for".
"It's important that the people who put them in place have thought through the conditions under which they removed the LVRs.
"Because ideally, they are not a permanent feature of the market."
Advertisement
He said that the loan-to-value (LVR) rules, which restrict how much can be leant to people with a deposit of less than 20 per cent, were a matter for the Reserve Bank.
But in meetings with the central bank, English said he had told officials that he expected them to be thinking about the sort of conditions which would allow them to remove the LVRs.
"I would suspect that they're doing work on what conditions would have to be met to remove them, but there's no indication at the moment that they're going to."
The real estate industry is leading calls for a relaxation of the LVR rules after house sales in Auckland fell by a quarter in the last year.
Barfoot and Thompson said entry-level buyers should be exempted from to lend restrictions as long as properties were below a $600,000 threshold.
However, the Reserve Bank's Official Cash Rate statement last week reiterated its housing market concerns.
"House price inflation continues to moderate due to loan-to-value ratio restrictions, affordability constraints and a tightening in credit conditions.," the bank said.
"This moderation is expected to persist, although there remains a risk of resurgence in prices given continued strong population growth and resource constraints in the construction sector."
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into his lungs.
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to the vet earlier this month after ingesting water into his lungs. Contributed
A DOG, who has 14,000 followers on social media network Instagram, has had life-saving surgery, partly funded by a huge fundraising effort on GoFundMe.
The bulldog Kenny was rushed to Toowoomba Family Vets earlier this month after severely hyperventilating from ingesting water into his lungs.
He started coughing up blood and had to be placed on an oxygen machine. Mr K, as he is known on social media, also had to have 400ml of fluid removed from his lungs.
Kenny's owner, Rebekah Van Den Bergh wrote on her Facebook page called Royal Bullies she was preparing to say goodbye to the pet.
"We were going up to the vets to say goodbye to Kenny as we had no way of raising (the money) he needed," Ms Van Den Bergh said.
She said a family friend stepped in and started the GoFundMe page.
"They got some very, very sad news about a very close family member passing away and despite their world-shaking they have been a rock to us so they deserve so much love," Ms Van Den Bergh wrote.
The GoFundMe page has so far raised $4830, going towards a total medical bill of about $12,000.
Donations for the pooch rolled in from all around the world, including from people in the United States.
"To each and everyone all over the world who (has) had Mr K in their heart, the beautiful messages, the many prayers and generous donations, to you we will be forever thankful," Ms Van Den Bergh wrote on Instagram.
"If it had not of been for everyone's love and support and generosity, Mr K wouldn't be here today."
Ms Van Den Bergh said Kenny still required 24-hour care but was doing better.
He is currently breathing on his own, but has to use a tracheotomy to help with breathing.
Sonam To Ditch Big Fat Wedding
While speaking to The National, Sonam commented on her wedding preparations and said, "I think the whole idea of a marriage is more appealing to me than a wedding.I think there is too much money spent; it's all very crass, and I would rather give that money away."
Sonam Kapoor Anand Ahuja Wedding: Mehendi, Sangeet & Marriage VENUE & DATE FINALISED!| FilmiBeat
Sonam Finds It 'Disgusting'
"I'd rather have a wedding at home than anywhere else. I think it's important to do all the rituals, but I don't believe in spending all that money, I find it disgusting and very wasteful, and I'm not okay with that at all."
Have A Look At These Grand Weddings Of B-town
On that note, we bring to you the top Bollywood weddings which had left the film industry awe-struck!
Shilpa Shetty's wedding is one of the most talked-about wedding ceremonies of the B-town. Their royal wedding took place in Khandala and Shilpa's heavy outfit was designed by Tarun Tahiliani. Did you know that their wedding cake at the reception in Mumbai was of 9 tiers and weighed 80 kgs?
Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan
Though it was a close-knit affair, but Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan's wedding was nothing less than expensive. From the costly cards to designer outfits to grabd decorations, Aishwarya & Abhishek's wedding became the talk of the town in 2007.
Shahid Kapoor-Mira Rajput
Shahid Kapoor & Mira Rajput also went a grand way, The couple tied-knot infront of their family members and close friend but later threw a grand reception and it was attended by who's who of the B-town.
Asin Thottumkal & Rahul Sharma
Asin Thottumkal got married to Micromax founder Rahul Sharma in a Christian wedding ceremony followed by Hindu rituals in New Delhi in January 2016. The Hindu ceremony was attended by 200 guests and the mandap for the wedding had been constructed on top of a body of water.
Anushka Sharma-Virat Kohli
From the sangeet ceremony, the mehendi ceremony, haldi, wedding to reception, everything looked like a fairy tale. Virat & Anushka are one of the rare couples of the B-town, who tied the knot outside India. The duo later threw reception in Delhi as well as Mumbai and needless to mention, PM Narendra Modi also was in attendance! Could it get any bigger?
CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) " The Latest on a legal fight over Nevada's recreational pot industry (all times local):
3:35 p.m.
A judge won't throw out a lawsuit from a powerful liquor lobby that wants a piece of Nevada's new recreational marijuana industry.
A group of independent liquor wholesalers say the ballot measure that voters approved last November legalizing recreational pot makes it clear they're the only ones that can distribute the product for retail sales scheduled to begin July 1.
Advertisement
State lawyers tried to persuade Carson City District Judge James Wilson on Tuesday to dismiss the lawsuit and allow existing medical marijuana dispensaries to serve as their own middlemen in recreational sales.
Wilson refused. He left in place an order he issued May 30 that blocks any licensing until he holds a daylong hearing next Monday.
____
1:35 p.m.
A judge in Nevada is trying to decide whether the state's first sales of recreational marijuana should begin as scheduled July 1 despite complaints from alcohol distributors.
Lawyers for the liquor distributors and the Nevada Department of Taxation are expected to go before Judge James Wilson in Carson City on Tuesday to argue the case.
Wilson granted a temporary restraining order May 30 blocking licensing of pot distributors under the ballot measure voters approved in November.
The liquor distributors argue the law dictates they get the first shot at the equivalent licenses for recreational marijuana.
The state says it has the authority to license medical marijuana dispensaries to play that role on a temporary basis from July 1 through Dec. 31.
The Nevada Cannabis Coalition says any delay could cost the state millions of dollars a month in tax revenue targeted for schools.
The Brumbies believe they can pull off a miracle run to secure an unlikely Super Rugby finals berth after winning three straight games.
The Brumbies celebrate a try during the win over the Sunwolves. Source: Getty
The ACT team have hit their best form of 2018 with two games to go, highlighted by Saturday night's stunning 24-12 upset of the Hurricanes.
They stay in sudden-death mode for their final encounters against the Chiefs and NSW Waratahs.
Fullback Tom Banks says being a chance to qualify the Brumbies for a sixth- straight finals appearance has the group buzzing.
By defeating the Hurricanes, the Brumbies recorded a win against a New Zealand side for the first time since 2016.
They face the Chiefs in Hamilton this Saturday, giving them an opportunity to win on New Zealand soil for the first time in almost three years.
Their best opportunity of sneaking into the top-eight is Melbourne fall over, as the Brumbies have closed to within a game of their Australian rivals.
The Rebels, who are searching for their maiden finals appearance in their eighth season, have away games to come against Queensland and the Highlanders.
"I think we've got to wait on some results but definitely after winning on the weekend it's awesome to be in contention so hopefully results go our way," Banks said on Wednesday.
"It was good to break that (New Zealand) hoodoo and it's a good building block for this weekend against the Chiefs."
Banks believes the Brumbies "left a lot of points out there" against the Hurricanes, ensuring they still have room to improve.
Reinforcements could head across the Tasman in the form of star prop Allan Alaalatoa and co-captain Sam Carter after the pair missed the clash with the Wellington-based franchise.
The Brumbies will fly out from Canberra on Thursday morning in preparation for the match against the Chiefs, who are coming off a blistering first-half display last week.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Feb 2 (OPTA) - Superliga fixtures for this weekend Friday, February 2 fixtures (ART/GMT) Argentinos Juniors v Defensa y Justicia (1900/2200) Patronato v Godoy Cruz (1900/2200) Belgrano v Lanús (2115/0015) Saturday, February 3 fixtures (ART/GMT) Banfield v Atlético Tucumán (1700/2000) Rosario Central v Unión Santa Fe (1700/2000) Colón v Independiente (1915/2215) River Plate v Olimpo (2130/0030) Sunday, February 4 fixtures (ART/GMT) Estudiantes v Newell's Old Boys (1700/2000) Arsenal v Gimnasia La Plata (1700/2000) San Lorenzo v Boca Juniors (1915/2215) Racing Club v Huracán (2130/0030) Monday, February 5 fixtures (ART/GMT) Temperley v Talleres Córdoba (1900/2200) Chacarita Juniors v Vélez Sarsfield (1900/2200) San Martín San Juan v Tigre (2115/0015)
Apple is selling more iPhones and generating higher profits with each sale than ever before, the company has confirmed.
10 sales a second
iPhone sales hit 77.316 million units in Apple's 91-day Q1 FY 2018 quarter. That compares with 78.29 million sales in the year-ago quarter.
You'd imagine those figures meant that sales shrank, but it's not the case: Last year's quarter extended over 98 days (14 weeks), while this year Apple saw a more traditional 91-day (13-week) quarter.
That means Apple sold around 849,600 iPhones every day in Q1 2018, in contrast to 798,877 iPhones it sold each day across Q1 2017. In other words, Apple is selling 10 iPhones every second of the day, at least, it was in Q1 2018.
If Apple had seen an extra seven days in the quarter and if sales maintained at that momentum, the company would have sold an additional 5.95 million iPhones (rounded up), for a total of 83.26 million units.
All this within an environment of increased security tension and weak growth in key markets, such as May's woefully mismanaged Britain.
X appeal strikes again
Apple CEO Tim Cook confirmed the success of iPhone X. The device was the top-selling iPhone every week since launch. It seems consumers are driven by innovation and aspiration more than price, after all. Though it will take some time before short-term investors and bean counters grow to understand how that undermines their working theories around greed and human nature.
Apple's decision to introduce iPhone X means it has been able to persuade consumers to spend a thousand bucks or more on a new smartphone this season. Apple's average selling price on each iPhone sold climbed $100, from $695 in Q1 2017 to $796.42 in Q1 2018 to $796.42. Apple is generating around $8,000 in revenue every second on iPhone sales alone — just under half a million dollars a minute. (Apple is also keeping more of those revenues than it did last quarter, as gross margins climbed).
Waiting on the platform
Apple took pains to note that it now has a 1.3 billion-strong iOS user base.
“We've also achieved a significant milestone with our active installed base of devices reaching 1.3 billion in January,” said Cook. “That's an increase of 30 percent in just two years, which is a testament to the popularity of our products and the loyalty and satisfaction of our customers."
That user base subscribes to Apple services at a more rapid rate than before. And to help increase that rate, the company this week doubled the commission it gives to affiliates selling Apple Music subscriptions.
It's important to note the value of these services. Horace Dediu estimates that Apple generates 5 cents per device per day. It looks like the actual amount may be higher than that. With 1.3 billion devices now in use, those estimates imply Apple's services generate around $65 million per day. Apple generated $8.5 billion in services income in the quarter, up 18 percent.
Wrist appeal: Apple Watch sales increase 50%
Apple also confirmed what I'd been predicting: Apple Watch sales were really high. The product saw its best-ever quarter, selling 50 percent more units with growth in every country. Apple also confirmed the success of the smarter smartwatch: Apple Watch Series 3 sold at twice the volume of the series 2 products — which makes it crystal clear that consumers want and need the flexibility of using a wearable with its own independent connectivity, as I've been warning since 2014.
“Apple's wearables [AirPods and Apple Watch] were up 70 percent year on year,” Daniel Eran Dilger pointed out. “Now second largest growth contributor after iPhone, for a new business.”
Think about that as we see Apple's wearables and new online services designed to support them proliferate across the next three years.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and get involved with the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Please drop me a line via Twitter and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know about new articles I publish and reports I find.
Unionist politicians have claimed that a new headstone unveiled at the grave of Martin McGuinness proves the Sinn Féin politician remained an IRA member until his death.
East Derry DUP MP Gregory Campbell said the headstone's description of Mr McGuinness as an “óglach”, the term the IRA uses for its members, challenged the “hyperbole” that built him up as a statesman after his recent death.
UUP politician and former British army officer Doug Beattie also said the “reality was that Martin McGuinness remained wedded to the IRA until he died”.
Mr McGuinness's headstone was unveiled at the republican plot at Derry City Cemetery on Easter Sunday.
It reads: “In Proud and Loving Memory of Óglach Martin McGuinness, Óglaigh na hÉireann, MP, MLA, Minister, Died March 21st, 2017.”
“Óglaigh na hÉireann” is a name the IRA uses for itself.
The Celtic cross headstone includes a quotation from Mr McGuinness: “We have to govern by treating every single citizen equally.”
It also contains the message: “Forever Loved, Bernie (his wife), children and grandchildren.”
An inscription on the grave's footstone reads: “I love you with my whole heart and soul.”
At the unveiling on Sunday, Sinn Féin vice-president Mary Lou McDonald described Mr McGuinness as the republican movement's “great leader and friend.
“Martin McGuinness, whose heart came alive and kept faith with the Bogside.
“Martin McGuinness, a faithful son of Ireland.
“Martin McGuinness, who fought, who made peace and who will never be forgotten. Martin led from the front, he took risks for freedom and risks to build the peace.”
Mr Campbell said on Monday that the IRA references on the headstone would come as “no surprise” to most people.
“For those who were caught up in the hyperbole at the time of his passing and burial, however, it ought to serve as a reality check,” he said.
“The inscription of ‘volunteer', along with the use of the Irish term for the ‘IRA', are there as lasting testimonies to terror.
“Long after the eulogies have faded, those who got carried away with some of the media's attempted elevation [of Mr McGuinness] to statesmanship can now see for generations to come what those closest to him want everyone else to remember him as.”
IRA murders
Mr Campbell also referred to the IRA murders in Derry of Patsy Gillespie, who was used as a human bomb in 1990, and of census-taker Joanne Mathers in 1981.
“A volunteer in Irish republican parlance didn't work in a charity shop, they terrorised people, they strapped an innocent man to his car and turned him into a human bomb, they shot a young innocent woman collecting census forms. That's what a ‘volunteer' in the IRA did.
“The only good that can come from this engraving is that now those who are prepared to look for the unvarnished truth can do so, on a headstone that will be there for generations to come.”
Mr Beattie said Mr McGuinness's headstone “says exactly what I would expect it to say because he was a member of the IRA, and when you are a member of the IRA you are a member until you die”.
Mr Beattie said that people believed the former deputy first minister “became a politician or he became a statesman, but the reality was that he remained wedded to the IRA until he died.
“People allowed themselves to be duped. People looked and thought, ‘Look, he has moved on and become a politician now and everything he did in the past was in the past'. What I am saying is that it wasn't.
“I find it hard to harmonise the two sides of Martin McGuinness.
“I find it hard to harmonise the Martin McGuinness who was directly and indirectly involved in terrorist actions, including murder, and the Martin McGuinness who went on to become a politician.”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Silyl Modified Polymer Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Kaneka, Bostik, Henkel, Wacker, Evonik, 3M, Dow Corning Corporation, H.B. Fuller, Hodgson Sealants, Risun Polymer.
The report begins with introducing the global Silyl Modified Polymer market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Silyl Modified Polymer report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silyl-modified-polymer-market/5935/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Silyl Modified Polymer Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Polyurethane Type, Polyamine Ether Type, Other.
Silyl Modified Polymer Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Construction, Automotive, General Industry, Others.
Key points in the Silyl Modified Polymer Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-silyl-modified-polymer-market/5935/#inquiry
From all of this Silyl Modified Polymer market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Silyl Modified Polymer market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Silyl Modified Polymer distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Twenty Northamptonshire organisations, among them Kettering General Hospital, and Corby, Kettering, East Northamptonshire and Wellingborough councils, have pledged their support to the UK armed forces by signing the Armed Forces Covenant.
Representatives of public and third sector organisations came together on June 29 to sign the Covenant alongside representatives from each of the military Services.
Commander Martin Clegg signed on behalf of the Royal Navy, Lt Col John Hanson represented the Army and Wing Commander Mark Davis attended on behalf of the RAF.
The Armed Forces Covenant is based on two key principles: no member of the Armed Forces community should face disadvantage in the provision of public and commercial service compared to any other citizen and that in some circumstances, special treatment may be appropriate for the injured or bereaved.
Organisations signing the Covenant at the Army Reserve Centre, in Clare Street, Northampton were: Northamptonshire County Council; Northampton Borough Council; East Northamptonshire District Council; Corby Borough Council; Kettering Borough Council; South Northamptonshire Council; Borough Council of Wellingborough; Daventry District Council; Northamptonshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust; Northampton General Hospital NHS Trust; Northamptonshire Police and Crime Commissioner; Kettering General Hospital NHS Trust; Nene Clinical Commissioning Group; Corby Clinical Commissioning Group; Northamptonshire Police; Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue; the Northamptonshire branch of the Royal British Legion; the local branch of SSAFA The Armed Forces Charity and the Northamptonshire office of the Department of Work and Pensions.
Additional support for the military in Northamptonshire came from Northamptonshire Chamber of Commerce who signed the Armed Forces Covenant at their Headquarters on June 21.
By signing the Covenant, organisations publically declare their commitment to support military personnel past and present. The signing event was specifically organised ahead of Armed Forces Day, Saturday 30 June, a day designed for the public to recognise the work of the Armed Forces and to show support for the military and their families.
John Wilson, the Ministry of Defence's Regional Engagement Director in the East Midlands organised the signing. He said: “Members of the Armed Forces often face challenges that are different to the rest of society; it is fantastic that organisations across Northamptonshire have today pledged to support members of the Armed Forces community including reservists, veterans, Cadet Force adult volunteers and military spouses.”
To find out more about the Armed Forces Covenant visit www.armedforcescovenant.gov.uk.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
Zee Business awarded Web Werks with 'Best Cloud Data Center and Internet Exchange Company of the Year' award.
End
-- Web Werks announced that it has been the 'Best Cloud Data Center and Internet Exchange Company of the Year' in the 7thandheld at The Leela, Mumbai on 7th August 2017."With the competition so high in this web hosting industry, being appreciated and rewarded as the 'Best Cloud Data Center and Internet Exchange Company of the Year' is surely an achievement. We always try to suggest the best solution to our clients when it comes to their hosting needs. We as being in this industry for 20+ years pay a lot of attention to customer service. That is one of the reasons that we are one of the best in the industry. We are obliged that our customers are happy with us and we are getting recognized for it," said Nikhil Rathi, CEO, Web Werks.Business Leaders Awards, organised by Zee, are the authoritative awards praising the soul of magnificence in business leaders in India. The beneficiaries of the awards are visionaries behind the present extraordinary businesses. They are stellar people who embody quality, inventiveness, information, foreknowledge and who drive the development of their businesses with vision and motivation.Worldwide Achievers Business Leaders Awards 2017 respect the practitioners and pioneers in breath-taking style as the business and services industry participate to encourage India's best banking sector, telecom industry, manufacture industry, service, and technology provider, education service provider, healthcare and well-being, hospitality, leisure and tourism, real estate companies and that's only the tip of the iceberg.Established in 1996, Web Werks is an ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 and ISO 20000 - 1 and Uptime Institute Certified Cloud Data Center Service Provider in India. Web Werks has been awarded with 'The Best Web Hosting Award 2017', 'Retailer Of The Year For Best Cloud Data Centers And Internet Exchange', 'Great Indian Workplace Award (GIWA) 2017' and many more.Web Werks focuses on quality-driven, self-managed and fully-managed hosting services that include cloud solutions, dedicated servers and VPS hosting services on linux and windows operating platforms. They also deliver disaster recovery services, Innovative Rapid Cloud backup technologies, work area recovery services, CDN services, etc.They have collaborated with more than 1000+ organizations globally that include Fortune 500 companies across various business verticals. This also includes Government sectors as well, such as Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation Limited, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board, Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation, NABARD, NPCI, etc.
DJIBOUTI, April 23 U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis arrived in Djibouti on Sunday to visit an important military base at the southern entrance to the Red Sea used as a launch pad for operations in Yemen and Somalia.
The visit, part of Mattis' week-long trip to the Middle East and Africa, comes as the United States has been increasing pressure on militant groups such as al Shabaab in the region.
The U.S. base, which has about 4,000 personnel, is located just miles from a Chinese one, still under construction, which has caused concern to some U.S. officials.
Djibouti, which is about the size of Wales, is on the route to the Suez Canal. The tiny, barren nation, sandwiched between Ethiopia, Eritrea and Somalia, and also hosts Japanese and French bases.
The White House recently granted the U.S. military broader authority to strike al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab militants in Somalia.
Al Shabaab has been able to carry out deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government.
The group's insurgency aims to drive out the peacekeepers, topple Somalia's western-backed government and impose its strict version of Islam on the Horn of Africa state. The United States recently sent a few dozen troops to Somalia to help train members of the Somali National Army.
The United States is also carrying out strikes in Yemen against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP).
AQAP boasts one of the world's most feared bomb makers, Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, and it has been a persistent concern to the U.S. government ever since a 2009 attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day.
The militant group has also taken advantage of a civil war pitting the Iran-aligned Houthis against the Saudi-backed government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, to try to widen its control and influence in the impoverished Arabian Peninsula country, one of the poorest in the Middle East.
PIRACY
Mattis' trip also comes amid a recent surge in piracy off the coast of Somalia.
The sudden string of attacks by Somali pirates comes after years without a reported incident. Attacks peaked with 237 in 2011 but then declined steeply after shipowners improved security measures and international naval forces stepped up patrols.
This month has seen a new rash of attacks, with two ships captured and a third rescued by Indian and Chinese forces after the crew radioed for help and locked themselves in a safe room.
A U.S. defense official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said the recent incidents were concerning but not surprising.
The official said international shipping companies had started to become complacent about their security. At the same time poverty and limited economic opportunities meant that piracy was bound to increase.
The recent incidents, the official said, are likely to mean that countries patrolling the waters are going to think twice before they reduce their presence. (Reporting by Idrees Ali; editing by Clelia Oziel)
Danske Bank's pre-tax profits in Northern Ireland increased by £30.5 million last year to £147.5 million, the latest financial results show.
The strong performance from its operations in the North contributed to a record year for the Nordic bank which overall reported a net profit for 2017 of 20.9 billion Danish kroner and a total income of DKK 48.1 billion.
In Northern Ireland, the Copenhagan headquartered bank reported a one per cent increase in its total income to £230.9 million.
The bank's lending balances in the North grew by nine per cent, year on year, driven chiefly by a strong performance from the corporate banking division and a 28 per cent jump in its new mortgage lending portfolio.
Following on from 2016 Danske also reported a net credit in loan impairments in Northern Ireland based on the ongoing recovery in local property prices and the improved trading performance from business customers who, the bank highlighted, had “remained buoyant” despite the backdrop of economic uncertainty over Brexit.
As a result, Danske said that provisions made in previous years against potential distressed lending were no longer necessary in the North.
According to Kevin Kingston, chief executive of Danske Bank UK, “restructuring and organisational change” played an important role in helping the bank to deliver a strong set of financial results.
Mr Kingston said overall the bank had delivered an “improved underlying business performance” which resulted in lending growth and deposit growth which also increased by five per cent in 2017.
Overall, the Denmark's largest bank beat fourth-quarter pretax profit expectations, but warned of a lower net result in 2018, saying it planned to increase its dividend payouts. Its pretax profit of 6.73 billion crowns was ahead of the 6.45 billion expected by analysts in a Reuters poll.
Terry Browne, country manager and head of corporate and institutional banking at Danske Bank Ireland, said that 2017 was another year of solid progress for its corporate and institutional business.
“Key drivers were increased activity in Ireland by our Nordic multinational clients and the expanding global footprint of our corporate and institutional clients,” Mr Browne said.
This is a rebuttal of Dr. Mann's criticism of my editorial in the Curry Costal Pilot on "The Global Warming Hoax"
Contact
Dr. Steve Johnston, author.com
***@charter.net Dr. Steve Johnston, author.com
End
-- Dr. Michael Mann you used an ad hominine argument when you alleged my June 7 editorial in the Costal Pilot was non scientific. However you did not answer my point. In true science one fact can destroy any theory. The 1990's were not the warmest period. Elephants and tigers roamed tropical jungles north of the Siberian Artic in past periods and in the pre-Cambrian period CO2 was 25 times as prevalent as today. CO2 is only a trace element in the atmosphere at 0.038%. The majority of CO2 is produced by natural sources such as, volcanoes, animals, and release of CO2 from oceans. Man only produces 3%. CO2 levels track global warming, which is caused by sun activity, clouds and ocean currents.Dr. Michael Mann, your infamous hockey stick graph ignores the Medieval warm period and the Little Ice age, which are clearly shown in a 1990 graph produced by the IPCC. Those interested in reading about true science vs. pseudo science should read my book, "Darwin is dead and Jesus is alive." McIntyre and McKitrick have written peer reviews which state data does not support the Mann, Bradley, Hughes hockey stick chart.Progressives often use man caused global warming as an attack on free enterprise and national sovereignty. It is true the Rockefellers, George Soros, and UN progressives will successfully create a one world government with a world dictator. However, this will only occur after half of the world's population is destroyed by nuclear wars, famines and apocalyptic disasters. To find out what happens next read my book, "When is Judgment Day". Also read my blog Dr. Steve Johnston, author.com. If Al gore really believes in global warming, why does he own three houses and fly in private jets.For more information on current events see: http://www.drstevejohnstonauthor.com/
The MENA construction sector is surprisingly diverse in terms of exposure, profitability, and metrics, making it difficult to draw broad conclusions, yet currently Egypt is the most prosperous construction market in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region despite the effect of the currency's devaluation and the high inflation rate, according to HSBC's “MENA construction” report issued on Wednesday.
One of the main drivers for the Egyptian construction sector is the infrastructure projects initiated by President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi. Such projects have generated good profit margins and timely cash payments, which is expected to continue in 2017 as well since Egypt is expected to see a 95% increase in cash spending while on the other hand Saudi Arabia is expected to witness a drop of 15%.
The report also said that Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries' construction sector will shrink. The report explains that the expected decrease in the GCC construction sector is due to a period of incredible revenues growth and spending increases in 2014. Adding that the capital spending would bear the brunt of the spending declines, yet the cuts to current spending, including salaries and benefits for government employees has greatly affected the scale of the problem for the GCC.
Moreover, the loss in oil revenue that registered at more than $150bn with oil at $50, versus oil at $75, was another reason that affected the sector. To balance budgets, the majority of the GCC needs oil prices to rise above $60 per barrel, while in the case of Saudi Arabia it is likely somewhere closer to $80 per barrel. With weakness in current spending carrying higher risk than capital spending, the report concludes that the GCC will continue to see limited new awards and cash conservation until oil recovers.
In terms of cash cycle analysis the report ranks Orascom Construction and Elsewedy Electric as the best in cash metrics, despite the fact that each of the contracting companies has its own mix of businesses and geographies, making direct comparisons difficult. However, the cash management strategy and execution can be compared between companies.
Orascom Construction has a geographically diversified portfolio, across the MENA region with 72.4% of backlog in the region and 27.6% in the US. The geographical diversity has reduced the effect of the problems faced by the GCC to less than 10% of its backlog. Furthermore, the company has generally managed projects better than others in the sector, with working capital/sales averaging 13% over the past five years compared with an average of 49% across all of the MENA contractors covered in the report.
Lawyers for Kelly Jones will maintain that Jones' public outbursts suggest he is not a fit parent.
Alex Jones' lawyers will make the case that their client should not be judged by his on-air persona.
Alex Jones and his ex-wife, Kelly, will be locked in a child custody trial the next two weeks in Austin.
At a recent pretrial hearing, attorney Randall Wilhite told state District Judge Orlinda Naranjo that using his client Alex Jones' on-air Infowars persona to evaluate Alex Jones as a father would be like judging Jack Nicholson in a custody dispute based on his performance as the Joker in “Batman.”
“He's playing a character,” Wilhite said of Jones. “He is a performance artist.”
But in emotional testimony at the hearing, Kelly Jones, who is seeking to gain sole or joint custody of her three children with Alex Jones, portrayed the volcanic public figure as the real Alex Jones.
“He's not a stable person,” she said of the man with whom her 14-year-old son and 9- and 12-year-old daughters have lived since her 2015 divorce. “He says he wants to break Alec Baldwin's neck. He wants J-Lo to get raped.
“I'm concerned that he is engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress,” she said, referring to his recent comments about California Democrat Adam Schiff. “He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching him broadcast.”
﻿THE LATEST: Jury selected after long first day of Alex Jones trial
Beginning Monday, a jury will be selected at the Travis County Courthouse that in the next two weeks will be asked to sort out whether there is a difference between the public and private Alex Jones, and whether, when it comes to his fitness as a parent, it matters.
For Naranjo, who has been the presiding judge of the 419th District Court since January 2006, it is about keeping her eyes, and the jury's eyes, on the children.
“This case is not about Infowars, and I don't want it to be about Infowars,” Naranjo told the top-shelf legal talent enlisted in Jones v. Jones at the last pretrial hearing Wednesday. “I am in control of this court, not your clients.”
But for Alex Jones, at the peak of his power and influence, what emerges from the art deco courthouse on Guadalupe Street might shape whether he comes to be seen by his faithful as more prophet or showman.
Infowars as evidence
Alex Jones is an Austin original who, 21 years after he got his own show on Austin public access television, has become an unlikely popular and political force in the Donald Trump era, an ingenious and indefatigable conjurer of conspiracy theories about sinister global elites seeking to enslave the masses, who found, in Trump, a hero open to his shadowy narratives.
“Alex Jones and his Infowars' umbrella of radio shows, YouTube and Facebook broadcasts, Internet website and tweets turned out to be Trump's secret weapon,” Roger Stone, probably Trump's oldest and closest political confidant, wrote in his book “The Making of the President 2016.” “His fiery words have struck a chord in the nation and he speaks for millions. In fact, more people follow Alex than watch Fox News or CNN.”
In addition to broadcasting his radio show on some 150 stations, Infowars.com had 7.6 million global unique visitors between March 16 and April 14 according to Quantcast, which measures web audiences and ranked Infowars.com 387th among all U.S. websites, not far behind Texas.gov, MLB.com and PBS.org.
﻿THE LATEST: On eve of custody trial, Alex Jones says Obama's daughters aren't his own
The Alex Jones YouTube channel has more than 2 million subscribers and more than 1.2 billion video views.
But Jones' most important listener is the president of the United States.
During the campaign and into his presidency, many of Trump's most defining themes and questionable assertions either originated with or were popularized by Infowars: Hillary Clinton for prison. Hillary Clinton is gravely ill. Bill Clinton is a rapist. President Barack Obama founded ISIS. The election is rigged. Millions of immigrants voted illegally. The news media covers up terrorist attacks. The “fake news media … is the enemy of the people.” Obama spied on Trump.
In December 2015, thanks to Stone, Trump appeared via Skype on Jones' show.
“Your reputation is amazing,” Trump told Jones. “I will not let you down.”
Since Trump became president, Jones has purported on air to be in regular direct telephone contact with the president, apologizing for not always being able to answer the phone when the president calls. Last week, Jones said that the president had invited him to Mar-a-Lago but that he had to beg off because of family obligations.
Recently, Jones faulted Trump for falling for the “false flag” that it was the Syrian government, and not its enemies, that deployed chemical weapons against civilians, but he says he understands the political expedience involved and remains hopeful that Trump will reclaim the anti-globalist mantle.
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK: Our Lone Star Politics page brings Capitol news to your Facebook feed
Naranjo, meanwhile, said she had never seen or heard Jones on Infowars until Wednesday's hearing, when Kelly Jones' legal team started previewing Infowars videos it would like to play for the jury.
The first was a clip from a July 2015 broadcast in which Jones had his son, then 12, on to play the latest of some 15 or 20 videos he had made with the help of members of the Infowars team who, Jones said, had “taken him under their wing” during summer days spent at the South Austin studio between stints at tennis and Christian camps.
“He is undoubtedly cut out for this, and I intend for him to eclipse what I've done. He's a way greater person than I was at 12,” said Jones, turning to his son. “I love you so much, and I didn't mean to get you up here, sweetheart, and tell people how much I love you, but you're so handsome, and you're a good little knight who's going to grow up, I know, to be a great fighter against the enemy.”
“So far this looks like good stuff,” Wilhite said. Naranjo OK'd it for viewing by the jury.
But Bobby Newman, the attorney for Kelly Jones guiding the court through the Infowars clips, was laying the groundwork for the argument that there is no separation between Alex Jones, father, and Alex Jones, Infowarrior.
“This is the world he has planned for his kids,” said Newman, quoting Alex Jones at a recent hearing insisting that what he says on the air is what he believes.
﻿SOCIAL MEDIA REACTS: What people are saying about Alex Jones
Next up was a video of a recent conversation between Jones and Stone on Infowars that quickly escalated into an expletive-studded, gay-bashing rant by Jones directed at Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee investigation of Trump's Russia ties, in which, Schiff has suggested, Stone and Jones might be entangled.
Jones' rant ends: “You got that, you goddamn son of a bitch? Fill your hand,” echoing John Wayne's warning in True Grit” to a man he's about to shoot and kill.
“This is nothing but a response to a congressman who called him a Russian spy,” said David Minton, another lawyer representing Alex Jones.
“What possible relevance does that have?” Minton asked. “They want to throw the stench in the jury box and never get the stench out. It has nothing to do with parenting.”
A few days after his Schiff riff, Jones characterized it on-air as “clearly tongue-in-cheek and basically art performance, as I do in my rants, which I admit I do, as a form of art.”
“When I say, ‘I'm going to kick your ass,' it's the Infowar,” Jones said. “I say every day we're going to destroy you with the truth.”
Jones' rhetoric is perpetually at a pugilistic fever pitch.
TEXAS POLITICS DELIVERED EVERY DAY: Sign up for our Texas Politics email
Back in March, after Baldwin, playing Trump on “Saturday Night Live,” said he got his information on aliens from Alex Jones, Jones challenged Baldwin to a million-dollar charity bout — “I'll get in the ring with you, and I will break your jaw, I will knock your teeth out, I will break your nose, and I will break your neck.”
When, just after the election, Jennifer Lopez lamented about Trump at the Grammys, Jones responded that Trump “doesn't want to bring people in from Somalia where women are sold on slave blocks. Why don't you go to Somalia for five minutes, lady; you'll be gang-raped so fast it'll make your head spin.”
Naranjo said she wouldn't allow the jury to hear the Schiff diatribe, but she allowed two other clips, including one showing Alex Jones smoking marijuana in California, where it is legal. Naranjo didn't review the Baldwin and Lopez clips, and it's not clear whether Kelly Jones' attorneys will seek to include them in the trial.
Big legal bills
Every record in the Jones case has been under seal since the divorce proceeding was initiated in Hays County in 2013. In January, the court denied Kelly Jones' motion to unseal the record, granting a motion by Alex Jones — or simply A.J., as he is known in all the court filings — to keep them sealed
For good measure, Naranjo said last week she was placing a gag order on all the litigants.
At the previous pretrial hearing, on April 7, Naranjo ruled against Kelly Jones and her lawyers on a couple of key motions.
Earlier this year, her lawyers had moved to add to the trial a $7 million emotional distress tort claim against Alex Jones.
His lawyers said it was too late to prepare a defense against a new claim with 172 separate allegations. Naranjo agreed and promised to expedite a second trail on the tort claim.
“They'd like to drag it out for two years, and she'll be crushed and she'll be bankrupt,” said Robert Hoffman, the Houston attorney who is Kelly Jones' lead counsel, in arguing for rolling the tort claim into the trial.
“She already is, for all practical purposes,” said Hoffman, who said she owed his firm $200,000, about all she had in the bank.
Her attorneys also filed a motion to require Alex Jones to help pay her interim legal fees to better enable her to rescue her children from his clutches.
“I don't think there's another case in Travis County with three children whose welfare hangs in the balance like this, except maybe a (Child Protective Services) case,” Hoffman said.
“This is a wonderful mother who has had her kids turned against her,” Hoffman said.
Wilhite said the crux of Kelly Jones' problem is that she has gone through one set of lawyers after another and some $3.5 million since her divorce settlement, much of it pursuing fruitless motion after motion that actually cost her access to her children each step of the way.
And she already receives $43,000 a month from her ex-husband.
Naranjo rejected the motion that Alex Jones should have to contribute more, noting that the average Travis County juror won't understand why Kelly Jones' monthly stipend is not enough to cover her legal bills.
“It is not within the realm of experience of their lives,” Naranjo said.
”They are not going to believe the amount of money that has been spent on this,” the judge said.
“This case is not about Infowars,” Naranjo said. “But, for some reason, this family has done very well. Otherwise, there wouldn't be five lawyers on one side of the table and three over here, because of the business this family is in.”
Meanwhile, Alex Jones has remarried, and his new wife is expecting a child, who, his lawyers said, might arrive during the trial.
New Delhi [India], Feb 3 (ANI): In a bid to encourage export, the government announced that the minimum export price (MEP) for all varieties of onions will be abolished henceforth.
In an official notification, the Directorate General of Foreign Trade on Friday said the requirement of MEP on export of onions stands omitted till further orders.
It further stated that all varieties of onions can now be exported without any MEP.
The same was reiterated by Commerce Minister Suresh Prabhu, who tweeted, "The requirement of Minimum Export Price on export of onions has been removed. All varieties of onions can now be exported. We are taking all measures to promote exports of agriculture products."
Towards the end of last year, onion prices saw an all-time rise in markets, which left consumers in vain.
On a related note, the Government, in November, had fixed the MEP of onions at USD 850 per tonne, in order to maintain stock of the same in the domestic market. (ANI)
MILWAUKEE — Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been put on the 10-day disabled list by the Milwaukee Brewers, who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday's game against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Saladino jammed his ankle into second base as he took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night. Saladino had to be helped off the field.
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games. Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before he was sent down on May 25.
___
NEW YORK, April 10 U.S. Treasury yields were little changed on Monday as the Federal Reserve's labor market conditions index fell to 0.4 point in March from 1.5 in February, suggesting the jobs market cooled from a robust start earlier this year.
The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes was 2.370 percent, flat from late Friday, while two-year yield was little changed at 1.282 percent. (Reporting by Richard Leong)
BEIRUT (AP) — Smoothly and confidently, Syrian President Bashar Assad merged into traffic at a large roundabout in Damascus before driving himself to the suburbs where his forces are battling rebels.
The traffic around him and pedestrians making their way across the busy Umayyad Square gave no indication of knowing who was behind the wheel of the Honda sedan.
His low-profile trip was captured in videos filmed inside the car and released by his office late Sunday and early Monday. They show the president calm and assured as his forces appear close to clinch one of their most significant victories in the civil war.
Syrian troops are on the verge of retaking eastern Ghouta, the last major rebel bastion on the outskirts of the capital, where residents took to the streets against the Assad family's decades-long rule in the early days of the 2011 uprising.
Advertisement
As he drove, Assad, wearing sunglasses, narrated his route to the camera and gave his thoughts on the battle he was going to visit. He said the images of civilians streaming out of eastern Ghouta through a corridor manned by Syrian authorities showed that his government was still popular.
A white pickup seen in several of the videos appeared to be his only escort.
Before the war, Assad was known for driving in Damascus and Aleppo, Syria's largest city, and dining out with his wife. He has maintained a steady, sophisticated propaganda machine on social media throughout the war.
Half of Aleppo now lies in ruins after his forces, with unsparing support from Russia and Iran, destroyed the eastern part of the city to drive out rebels in 2016. Thousands of civilians fled with them and have not been able to return.
The scenario is repeating itself in eastern Ghouta, where government forces are waging a fierce air and ground campaign against a collection of suburbs that have resisted returning to government rule through seven years of war.
Close to 1,500 civilians have been killed in a month of heavy shelling and airstrikes. The government now controls 80 percent of the area held by the opposition in February.
Tens of thousands of civilians have crossed over to government-held areas as the army has advanced in recent days. It is unclear where the government will house them. The fate of thousands of men wanted for military conscription and held on suspicion of desertion or fighting for the enemy remains unknown.
"The painful thing, despite the pride and happiness of this visit, is to see people who have been forced out of their homes and to live rough, because of the war and the terrorists," said Assad as he entered eastern Ghouta. Outside the window, the landscape turned steadily to wreckage and ruin.
Crystal Lowe doesn't enjoy playing the villain.
But when she landed a roll in the movie Wonder she knew it was a movie she wanted to be a part of, even if she had to play the person that nobody liked.
The Maple Ridge native plays the part of Julian's mother who is the main bully in the movie.
Wonder is based on the New York Times bestselling novel of the same title and it tells the story of a boy named August Pullman who has facial differences and goes to school for the first time in Grade 5.
The movie stars Julia Roberts, Owen Wilson and Jacob Tremblay.
“The great thing about Wonder is you really get to see (bullying) from everybody's perspective. And I think that's what we are lacking you know in the world today,” said Lowe from her home in California.
“I think that's the beauty of what Wonder brings. It brings perspective and empathy and trying to understand (bullying) from other people's point of view and why they come from those places and what makes them behave the way they do,” she said.
Lowe moved to Los Angeles only a month ago, even though, she said, the move actually makes it more difficult for her working in the industry than if she stayed put in Vancouver.
“This is where a lot of the big productions get made and because I am venturing into producing and directing, I just have to be here for a little while. Make the rounds here,” said the actress.
Lowe started out as a child actor when she was about 4-years-old but her mother pulled her out of it because she felt it was too competitive between the parents. She told her daughter that as soon as she could drive herself to auditions then she would have her permission to enter the industry again. So, as soon as Lowe turned 16 she told her mom she was going back. She contacted Tyler Labine, another actor from Maple Ridge, and his mother hooked her up with an agent and became her temporary stage mom and manager.
Now the actress has 78 films under her belt and counting.
Currently she is working on another series called Signed, Sealed, Delivered, for the Hallmark Channel.
“It's with the creator of Touched By An Angel and it's been going on for four years,” Lowe explained.
“I just want to be a part of things that are uplifting and our show is very uplifting. We need it,” she said.
Lowe believes the world needs more movies like Wonder.
“The world is a strange, crazy place right now and I think we desperately need films like this. While I don't think all hope is lost for adults, I really really want to invest in the children,” said Lowe.
“They are going to come with an open heart. And, the majority of them, if we can speak to them now before the world kind of gets to be that scary and teach them how to have an open heart, then that can change a whole generation,” Lowe noted.
Lowe likes the fact that the character that she plays is not the most likeable character in the movie.
“You understand Julian a little more when you meet his parents,” she said, adding that Julian's mom doesn't necessarily think she is a villain, she is just protecting her own son.
“No mother thinks that they're a villain. They think that they are protecting their son at all costs and I think that's the issue we need to address,” said Lowe.
“We only see other people as bad guys or good guys or bullies or not bullies. We have no idea where they are coming from and why,” she continued.
If we want bullying to stop, says Lowe, we have to spend time with our children. And, she added, if we want the dialogue to remain open then movies like Wonder are the ones we must take our children to, and have a discussion afterward.
“I remember being a kid. I hated telling my parents stuff. But if it was in casual conversation because it was in a movie and we were talking about the movie and not necessarily my personal experience, I would have talked to my parents more because I wouldn't think it would feel like so much pressure,” she said.
Having a conversation about what is right and what is wrong is the beauty of Wonder.
“This movie offers that to parents and kids which is amazing.”
Wonder is currently showing at Cineplex Odeon Meadowtown Cinemas, 19800 Lougheed Hwy, Pitt Meadows, in the Meadowtown Shopping Centre.
I belong to a generation that used to do well with a monthly allowance of EGP 3 in the 1980s during the first years of preparatory school. Once I enrolled in university, this allowance reached EGP 30, and it was enough for us to enjoy life. This generation had not imagined it would witness a day on which foreign currencies would fiercely attack the Egyptian pound. It witnessed the queues for subsidised “popular clothing” (a governmental campaign that used to sell garments at lower prices to families), and “consumer complexes” (governmental outlets that sell commodities at lower prices). The queues for bread and for food supplies. However, this generation had an easier life back then than today. Employees, no matter how meagre their income, were able to meet their household needs and sometimes even save some money. The homes of our neighbours who had daughters were gradually filled with the bride's dowry, for if the groom appeared, having purchased some items would alleviate the burden on the couple. That is how we used to live—a dignified life among our people in our industrial societies. We had not known the meaning of subsidising; we used to see our families deal with the price changes of basic commodities wisely and through a slight change in the level and way of spending.
I sympathise with the current generation which will not be able to step into their predecessors' footsteps given the daily increase in prices. Our government acts like it is an individual living in the community who suffers from accumulated debt and cares only for itself, forgetting that this specifically causes the destruction of the whole community. Our government does not think of anything but solving the currency crisis, as if this strategy will solve all other crises. In my point of view, the opposite is correct. However, the government did not solve or avoid the crisis, but rather transferred the problem from the informal market to the banks. The government keeps talking about endurance and patience and launching meaningless slogans such as “brave reform will shorten the way”. These slogans are outdated and would not lead to any solution to the crisis faced by the Egyptian economy.
I pity our generation who grew up in houses among the middle class that are now on the edge of the poverty line—that is if they had not already surpassed it. Now, the government is issuing an illusion under the name of “subsidy,” the value of which does not match the increased cost of living Egyptians must now deal with.
Our “irrational” governmental subsidy system is directed to those who earn a salary of no more than EGP 2,000 and is primarily focused on food commodities, as if our people only need food. The system's limited view defies the government's infamous slogan of “we will move from the illusion to real subsidisation”.
I have friends working in good positions—a privilege thought to protect them from not being able to cover their needs and help them achieve their ambitions. However, they are now suffering despite their monthly incomes that vary between EGP 5,000 and EGP 10,000.
The spending average on a junior student is roughly EGP 1,500 per month, and the high school student EGP 3,000 in public secondary school. This expense used to stand at EGP 150. If there are two students in the two grades in one house, they will need a fixed monthly spending of EGP 5,000 for education only, not to mention clothes, food, medication, transportation, personal expenses, etc. The result is that the quality of education has dwindled.
I agree with the government that there are those who are in a more dire need of care and that their condition should be immediately considered saving them from drowning in the sea of poverty at full speed, but this will not be achieved through oil, sugar, and bread subsidies.
Those people also have children in various stages of education and usually have more than three children. They should not be punished because of the community's culture which the government did not try to face.
Those people strongly need the support of the state. They need a real subsidy system that includes free education, in which education tuition fees and books are borne by the state. The state should also work on providing booklets in schools' libraries and free extra classes for the children of those families, and must raise the financial compensation of teachers.
The subsidy system should be extended to various services, such as free public transportation and healthcare, as well as discount coupons on clothes, food, and drink. There must also be adequate housing services for those people to give them the opportunity of a sufficient income for a dignified life.
The subsidy system must also include vocational training for the head of the family so that the family can be transformed from marginalised groups living on subsistence and state support to productive, effective, and functioning families in society.
Without having a comprehensive understanding of poverty problems and how to address them, we will be facing an issue in our society with an illusionary solution named “subsidisation.”
The solution to poverty problems is not to feed the poor. This is an outdated way of thinking. The aspirations of the people after the 25 January Revolution are much larger than that. A decent life is the product of work and good work must be preceded by good education, which needs a good healthcare system that needs more services. Thus, the solution to a poverty crisis is much larger than the subsidisation of food commodities.
The solution requires the state to walk in two parallel tracks. The first is to transform the state into a production and export country economically, industrially, and agriculturally, rather than relying on sources that cannot be controlled or directed, such as tourism, taxes, and the Suez Canal. This needs proper infrastructure and real services for the community.
The second track is to financially help families who suffer from severe poverty and develop a plan to save these families before the problem is amplified.
The solution needs a conscious government that has a clear plan based on real data, logical conclusions, and reformist amendments in the economic, political, and social fields before we regret the consequences of the crisis.
If our country had only one official with a minimum level of maturity, we would not have come to where we are and people would not get stuck in a dark tunnel with no end.
We should be mindful that the situation is very difficult now, and if there is no desire, will, and vision that is based on scientific grounds to salvage the situation economically, politically, and socially, there will not be a happy ending.
A slice of pizza in the morning might be healthier than a bowl of frosted flakes, a nutritionist claims.
Registered dietitian Chelsey Amer said a slice could be a more balanced breakfast option than most cereal because it has more protein, more fresh ingredients, and less sugar than cereal, reports The Daily Mail.
Despite being a breakfast staple, most commercial-brand cereals lack nutritional value, and don't contain enough protein or healthy fats.
Amer said pizza will provide a strong balance of protein carbs and fats unlike many popular cereals that contain the same amount of calories in a candy bar.
Advertisement
"You may be surprised to find out that an average slice of pizza and a bowl of cereal with whole milk contain nearly the same amount of calories," Amer told The Daily Meal.
"However, pizza packs a much larger protein punch, which will keep you full and boost satiety throughout the morning."
A single serving of popular US cornflake brand Frosted Flakes contain 111 calories, 0 grams of fat and 10 grams of sugar.
While 111 calories per serving doesn't seem like a lot, many people don't stick to just one serving.
A 2014 study by Consumer Report found that, depending on the size of the bowl, most people eat up to 132 per cent more than a single serving.
Meanwhile a slice of cheese pizza contains an estimated 272 calories, 12 grams of protein, 10 grams of fat, and 4 grams of sugar.
Given these numbers, eating pizza over that bowl of ceral may not be such a bad choice since it has much more essential fats and protein, and fewer grams of sugar.
On top of that, pizza contains all the major food groups — grains, fruits and vegetables, and meats.
On her blog, Amer said there are a few benefits to chowing down on a cheese slice in the morning.
"Because eating a slice of pizza for breakfast when you're really it, will prevent you from binging on an entire pie later," she wrote.
She also added that many cereals shouldn't be considered a balanced part of breakfast since they contain so much sugar.
A serving of Frosted Flakes contain 110 calories and 10 grams of sugar. Photo / 123RF
"I love cereal as much as the next person, but many sugary cereals contain as much sugar as a candy bar! I don't know about you, but a sugar is not how I like to start my day," she wrote.
Research published by the Obesity Coalition found sugar makes up more than 35 per cent of the ingredients in some popular cereal brands.
"Unless you're choosing the whole grain option, cereal can cause a surge of blood sugar, which releases insulin and that being repeated every day is not good for your body," nutritionist Tammy Lakatos Shames, of the Nutrition Twins, previously told Daily Mail Online.
"The calories add up really quickly and you're hungry before you know it. You can have one portion of cereal and be adding 400 calories to your day."
However, some experts say pizza isn't a healthy food and people shouldn't be eating Dominoes for breakfast.
"I wouldn't say going to a pizzeria and eating a pizza is an ideal meal," Wendy Kaplan, registered dietitian, told Daily Mail Online.
The nutrients found in pizza does not outweigh the bad — refined carbohydrates, saturated fats and sodium, she added.
The calories and fat in pizza also varies depending on who's making it, Kaplan said, so people aren't sure just how much salt they are consuming.
However, Kaplan said if people opt to make their own pizza using whole grain crust and loading it with vegetables, it could become a healthier breakfast option.
If the idea of turning pizza into a breakfast staple is off-putting, there are healthier cereal options they can try.
Experts say a serving of breakfast cereal should contain at least 6 grams of fiber, which can help lower cholesterol and blood sugar and help keep people fuller longer, and should contain no more than 3 grams of sugar.
"Frosted Flakes and Lucky Charms are not healthy cereals," Kaplan said. "But something like bran flakes with low-fat milk and half a cup of fruit would be."
The best basketball prospect in America will be announcing where — and when — he will be playing his college basketball late on Monday night.
Marvin Bagley Jr., who is currently the top prospect in the Class of 2018, will not only be announcing where he intends to play in college, but he will also be announcing whether or not he will be enrolling in college as a member of the Class of 2017. The three schools that are the finalists for the Arizona-native are Duke, USC and UCLA. He visited all three programs within the last four weeks. Bagley is currently living in Southern California but his family has roots in Durham, North Carolina.
Sources told NBC Sports that the staffs recruiting Bagley were not told of his decision as of Sunday night.
Bagley's story is fairly well known at this point. He's far and away the best prospect in the Class of 2018, but he's also old enough that, should he graduate high school prior to the start of the 2017 NBA season, he'll be eligible for the 2018 NBA Draft, where he'd be in the mix for the No. 1 overall pick with Missouri freshman Michael Porter Jr. and Arizona freshman Deandre Ayton.
And that, in the end, is the goal for Bagley, sources told NBC Sports: getting drafted next June. It means he gets NBA paychecks a year earlier and is a year younger when, after his second NBA contract, he would theoretically be up for one of the massive contracts the current CBA allows. It would also mean that, at the back-end of Bagley's career, he'll be signing his final contract a year earlier and he'll get an extra season of big money salary on the back-end. It's not an exaggeration to say that, over the course of his professional career, getting into the draft a year early could be worth in the mid-eight figures.
Whether or not Bagley is able to play in college it is secondary to ensure that he does, in fact, get eligible for the 2018 draft. Sources told NBC Sports that the process for getting Bagley eligible to reclassify was started months ago and that he should be able to reclassify if he wants to, although the final decision will be left up to the NCAA.
It's been 14 years since Justin Timberlake accidentally exposed Janet Jackson's breast at Super Bowl XXXVIII, a wardrobe malfunction on par with political crisis, apparently, and thus dubbed Nipplegate. Here's a look at the flashy halftime performances since.
2005: What better way to make sure nipples stay neatly tucked away than hire a 60-something British guy for the gig? Safety followed scandal, as Paul McCartney let rip with a tried-and-true set including Drive My Car, Get Back, Live and Let Die, and Hey Jude. But hey, there was an LED stage!
2006: The Rolling Stones barrelled in, another safe musical choice with nary a chance of nippledom — even Mick Jagger's black ensemble looked almost nunlike. Still, the veteran performers chomped ably into their hits Start Me Up and (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction.
2007: You couldn't have scripted it better if you tried. Prince, pint-sized yet powerful, belted out Purple Rain in a downpour. Throw in a marching band and a guitar many likened unto a giant phallic symbol (so much for a scandal-free show), and it was a spectacle to remember.
: Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers offered up a four-pack of the greatest hits: American Girl, I Won't Back Down, Free Fallin' and Runnin' Down a Dream. Straight-ahead and solid.
2009: The run of established acts performing mostly established songs continued with Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band cranking out 10th Avenue Freeze Out, Born to Run and Glory Days. But when The Boss gives orders, you best obey: “I want you to step away from the guacamole dip!” he yelled. “I want you to put the chicken fingers down and turn your television all the way up!” Yes, sir!
2010: Some critics claimed The Who mailed their performance in, but at least the stage was cool — the band was perched on a platter that looked like a pulsing speaker, and there were lasers. Lasers! Plus, if you got bored, you could just imagine watching a show from the CSI franchise: theme songs Baba O'Riley, Who Are You and Won't Get Fooled Again all made the set list.
: Poor Black Eyed Peas. For all the hate the group got for its performance, you'd think critics delivered those black eyes themselves. The cover of I've Had the Time of My Life was lame — right hook! The light-up suits were gimmicky — left hook! Slash and Fergie butchered Sweet Child o' Mine — TKO! Game over.
2012: You want spectacle? You got spectacle. Madonna did her best Cleopatra homage, along with LMFAO, Cirque du Soleil, Nicki Minaj, M.I.A., Cee Lo Green, cheerleaders and a gospel choir. But for all that, the moment that made headlines was when M.I.A. flipped the bird in front of a TV camera. Cue the US$1.5-million lawsuit from the NFL.
2013: Nobody remembers that Beyoncé was fresh off a scandal involving her lip-synching the U.S. national anthem at Barack Obama's second inauguration. Everybody remembers this was the year that she reunited with Destiny's Child and delivered a performance that was pure fire. Literally. There were flames shooting up from the stage.
: Ever the entertainer, Bruno Mars lit up the night with Locked Out of Heaven, Treasure, Runaway Baby and Just the Way You Are. Red Hot Chili Peppers jumped out — enthusiastically shirtless, despite the cold — for a version of Give it Away. Minor controversy swirled when viewers realized the Peppers weren't playing their instruments.
2015: This is the Super Bowl halftime show that gave us Left Shark, the Katy Perry backup dancer wearing a shark costume who went rogue with the choreography during Teenage Dream. Instantly meme-worthy, Left Shark became a symbol of independence, an imperfect underdog in a world that demands perfection, or something like that. Oh, and Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliott showed up.
: Sure, Coldplay, Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson were there, but this was Beyoncé's moment — again. Bey gave viewers a taste of Lemonade, her second visual album. The song Formation was a bold Black Lives Matter anthem, one reminiscent of the Black Panthers, which instantly begat controversy. Police unions across the states called for protests, and some even tried to picket the NFL.
2017: Lady Gaga flew down from the top of the NRG Stadium and onto the field. There were four outfit changes. A crystal star phone. Flying drones. A strong yet measured message of inclusion. Plus a setlist with Edge of Glory, Born This Way, Telephone, Just Dance, A Million Reasons and Bad Romance. Lady Gaga just out-Gaga-ed herself.
Photo: Dan MacMedan / USA Today
By Annie Reuter
Rick Ross returned to the stage on Sunday (March 18) for the first time following his hospitalization earlier this month. The rapper was in good spirits at The Light in Las Vegas where he led the crowd in a “free Meek Mill!” chant, filled glasses with champagne and put on an energized show, according to TMZ.
Related: Rick Ross Joins ‘Free Meek Mill' Protest in Philadelphia
In between songs, the rapper reportedly could be found taking sips from a bottle of Luc Belaire Rose and was nice enough to share his drink with some ladies in the front row.
The performance marked Ross' first time on stage since he was hospitalized after being found unresponsive in his Miami home in early March.
See moments from the show below:
Baylor forward Johnathan Motley (5) drives to the basket around Oklahoma guard Jordan Shepherd during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in Norman, Okla., on Friday, Dec. 30, 2016. (AP Photo/Alonzo Adams)
Villanova's impressive win at No. 10 Creighton kept the Wildcats at No. 1 for a fifth straight week, while Baylor made the jump from fourth to second, leapfrogging Kansas in the process.
The only new member of The Associated Press Top 25 is Virginia Tech, which beat Duke 89-75. The Hokies (12-1) jump in at No. 21, their first ranking since the opening week of the 2010-11 season.
Villanova (14-0) received 59 first-place votes from the 65-member national media panel Monday to easily outdistance the Bears (13-0), who got the other six votes for No. 1.
Kansas held third while UCLA, which lost to Oregon, fell from second to fourth. Gonzaga and Kentucky both moved up two spots to fifth and sixth. Gonzaga (14-0), Villanova and Baylor are the lone unbeaten teams in Division I.
West Virginia jumped from 11th to seventh while Duke and Louisville both dropped three spots to eighth and ninth, and Creighton held on at No. 10.
Virginia, which lost to Florida State after beating Louisville, moved up from 12th to No. 11 and was followed by Florida State, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Oregon, Xavier, Arizona, Butler, Saint Mary's and Purdue. The last ranked teams were Virginia Tech, Cincinnati, Notre Dame, Florida, while Southern Cal and Indiana tied for 25th.
Villanova's run at No. 1 is the longest since Kentucky was on top of the poll for the entire 2014-15 season.
Auditions for the 2012 talent competition will begin in early February
Santa Ynez Valley native and 2011 Santa Barbara Teen Star winner Bear Redell will be performing locally for various organizations promoting the third season of the competition.
The next performance will be for the Santa Ynez Valley Rotary Club at noon Wednesday, Oct. 12 at the Santa Ynez Valley Marriott in Buellton.
Along with a performance by Redell, Santa Barbara Teen Star founder and producer Joe Lambert will present the past success and future of the program for 2012.
“This year we turned the corner as Teen Star has turned into a world-class production,” Lambert said.
Santa Barbara Teen Star is a competition to discover the freshest teen solo singing talent in Santa Barbara County. The event benefits the high school performing arts departments of Santa Barbara County schools. Lambert said that more than 80 students competed in the second season from 22 Santa Barbara schools.
Last season's panel of judges included Kenny Loggins, Jimmy Messina, J.R. Richards and Catherine Remak. Santa Barbara Teen Star was also broadcast live on the Internet courtesy of California Streaming.
“I was amazed by the maturity of Bear's voice,” Messina said. “He definitely has an opportunity to have a successful career.”
As the winner of Santa Barbara Teen Star, Redell received an opportunity of recording in a world-class studio of Santa Barbara Sound Design with Dom Camardella, to appear on television on Dare Kids to Dance, opening ceremonies for Santa Barbara's Old Spanish Days Fiesta at De la Guerra Plaza, an appearance on Cottage Hospital's radio marathon for the Children's Miracle Network, interviews on KLITE 101.7 and much more.
“Communities are trying to fund anti-gang programs and after-school programs while parents are at work or doing something that takes their eyes and focus off their children,” Lambert said. “Santa Barbara Teen Star offers a stage throughout the year and then on one big night where kids can shine.”
Auditions for the 2012 season will begin in early February, and the finale for early March 2012 will be released at a later date, according to Lambert.
For more information on Santa Barbara Teen Star, click here or email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Joe Lambert is the founder and producer of Santa Barbara Teen Star.
