Days after Hurricane Harvey devastated their hometown of Houston and much of Southern Texas, Trae Tha Truth 's heroics are quickly becoming the stuff of legend. Hopping into a boat , the rapper has saved more than a few people in the flooded streets of Houston. It turns out one of those people was former San Antonio Spur and current Orlando Magic forward Jonathan Simmons.
On Wednesday, John Denton of the Magic's official website passed on Simmons' recounting of the situation, which was clearly a pretty harrowing one.
"Trae tha Truth, the rapper, is from Houston and we know a mutual friend from San Antonio. They brought a boat to Houston because (Trae) had to evacuate as well," said Simmons, who attended the University of Houston before they began their NBA career. "They came and got (Trae) and then they came and got us right away. Luckily, I had a friend in the area who could help us out."
From there, Simmons says they traveled to a friend's house in Richmond, Texas with a few day's worth of food and supplies. The home held at least 20 other people seeking refuge from the storm, so the food didn't last long.
"We were good for three days, but my other friend's house had started getting flooded early, so they came there to the house, too," Simmons explained. "So that gave us another 11 extra people and most of them were kids. We had to let the kids eat first, so most of the last two days it was kind of rough (without food)."
It was a dangerous ordeal, but Simmons is happy with the way Houston has handled the disaster. "I'm also proud of how the city of Houston has come together to help one another," they said. "On the upside and the brighter side, there's that seeing how people have been there to help one another."
For their part, Trae, who spoke with XXL about their Hurricane Harvey rescue efforts , is grateful for what they have after surviving a storm that, as of Wednesday, took over 30 lives.
“I tell 'em at the end of the day I'm just blessed to be alive,” they affirmed before ending their call with us to continue their rescue efforts on a boat. “At the end of the day, we're able to fight another day.”
Trae isn't the only rapper who's done their part to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey . Drake just donated $200,000 to Houston Texans defensive end JJ Watt's YouCaring fund, which has thus far generated over $10 million. Bun B has announced a primetime telethon to raise funds for the ravaged city.
You can donate to Watt's YouCaring fund here . Watch a video of Trae discussing their rescue efforts below.
HP announced Thursday that it will discontinue its WebOS line of devices, which includes the HP Veer 4G, the HP TouchPad, and the yet-to-be-released HP Pre 3 smartphone. The death of WebOS devices is sad, yet unsurprising, news. The entire journey of WebOS has been marred by pitfalls since the very beginning--and things only got worse over time.
WebOS's Troubled Start
WebOS has a special place in my heart, and I've always wanted it to do well. The Palm Pilot was my first foray into the smartphone/PDA world, so when I heard rumors in late 2008 that Palm was going to revive its platform, I was excited to see what the operating system would look like. Palm OS, which was available on some of the earliest PDAs and smartphones (such as the Pilot, the Treo, and the Centro), did not have the features or aesthetics to compete with the iPhone, RIM's BlackBerry OS, or even Windows Mobile.
Fast-forward to the 2009 Consumer Electronics Show: Palm staged a huge media event, unveiling the brand-new WebOS operating system and a new phone to go with it, the Palm Pre. Palm seemed ready to take on the iPhone with Jon Rubenstein--the ex-Apple engineer who helped create the iPod--at the helm. WebOS seemed to have it all: a gorgeous user interface, touch-friendly navigation, multitasking support, an apps ecosystem, unique messaging features, and even iTunes support. At the time, pretty much no smartphone could match the iPhone when it came to apps, multimedia features, and user-friendly design. Android was hardly a threat with only one phone, the clunky G1, available in the United States. The Palm Pre looked slick, too. With its full touch display and slide-out QWERTY keyboard, it hit the sweet spot between the iPhone and the BlackBerry. The term “iPhone killer” was certainly thrown around a lot at its debut.
But there were signs of trouble right out of the gate, starting as early as the day after the splashy launch. First off, Palm did not allow the media to touch or use the Pre. We could watch the Palm product representatives use the Pre, but we couldn't even hold the hardware in our hands. While a few other companies do the same with their prerelease hardware, it is a big risk to take this approach with a flagship product. How were reviewers, like myself, supposed to make any kind of judgment on the phone? Palm seemed not quite ready to show off the Pre.
The Long Wait for WebOS
It became more and more apparent that the Palm Pre wasn't ready for prime time. At CES, Palm said that the Pre would arrive on Sprint in the “first half of 2009.” But as 2009 went on, we saw no sign of the Pre. Oddly, Palm did release the Palm Treo Pro, a smartphone running Windows Mobile 6.1. I wondered: Was this a stopgap to tide customers over until the release of the Pre?
In a Q&A session with RCR Wireless News, Sprint/Nextel CEO Dan Hesse stated that the carrier wouldn't rush the Pre's release date. They said that Sprint and Palm were working tirelessly to bring it out as soon as possible, but that they wanted to be entirely confident that the Pre was in perfect condition when it released. That pretty much confirmed our prediction that the Pre's announcement was, ahem, premature.
In the meantime, RIM, Samsung, Nokia, HTC and other manufacturers were churning out BlackBerry, Windows Mobile, and Symbian phones with better cameras, larger screens, and more capacity than the Pre. Additionally, Google's Android OS gained some traction as more app developers turned to the platform and the HTC Magic launched in Europe. On top of everything, rumors of the next iPhone were building momentum.
Finally, Sprint and Palm announced a June 9 availability for the Pre, at a price of $200 with a two-year contract. And as fate would have it, the iPhone 3GS launched ten days later. With more storage capacity for the price, a better camera, and a much stronger app portfolio, the iPhone 3GS overshadowed the Pre. I don't think Palm was trying to compete with the iPhone by having a close launch date: June was the last month in the first half of 2009, which was the time frame Palm had promised back in January.
Humble Indie Bundle is the single greatest thing to happen to Linux in years I've been a full-time Ubuntu user for about five years and I don't own any consoles. If you approached me three or four years ago and asked which games I played, you might have received a rather defensive reply. High quality games were few and far between, that is, until May 2010 when things changed forever…
An introduction for cave-dwellers: In May 2010, a tiny company called Wolfire — then only famous for a ninja rabbit simulator — convinced the devs of World of Goo, Aquaria, Gish and Penumbra that they should let gamers decide how much they should pay for a collection of games for a limited time. All had to be DRM-free and available for Windows, Mac and Linux. Wolfire added their own Lugaru to the offerings and launched the first Humble Indie Bundle.
The rest, as they say, is history. The first Bundle raised over a million dollars and they kept doing them. The fifth major Bundle (there have been smaller intermediate ones as well) just finished with over five million dollars.
Three years ago I would have struggled to name a handful of good native games but after two years of Bundling, here's what's available on Ubuntu:
Obviously the pay-what-you-want and DRM-free features of the Bundles are what most people think of first but Ubuntu (and other Linux) users know the vast majority of these games would never have had native Linux versions. Ubuntu gamers have a lot to be thankful for.
We're gamers too!
The games industry has long written off desktop Linux as a platform that isn't worth the time, but one of the strongest auxiliary benefits from the Bundle has been to show the opposite. Linux users are gamers and that we have money we're willing and able to part with for games.
Not only that, the average Linux Bundler gives ~30-40% more than their cheapskate Windows counterpart. And while there are many theories for why this is the case, the argument that “there's no money in Linux” is rubbished.
And the industry is starting to listen
The reason I can write this post now (compared to a year ago) is that Linux gaming appears to be reaching the tipping point. I didn't (and still don't) want to hex it but there are all sorts of developments showing strong growth for the future:
Humble Bundle Inc is very well financed. Not only do they make ~15% from each bundle (a huge amount in itself, given they're still only 10 people), they have external VC backing to make sure these things keep happening. Given their performance in the past two years, I can barely dare to imagine what the next two hold.
Valve has long been rumoured to be bringing their Steam client and Source-engine games to Linux and this year saw confirmation of that. It's actually happening. This brings a ton of triple-A games (albeit slightly old now) but also some healthy competition for Desura.
OnLive and Gaikai are two online game “streaming” companies. They run the games on their servers and stream you the output. It sounds like crazy-future-nonsense but it does work quite well. OnLive is yet to release a desktop Linux client (they have an Android client) but Gaikai just works if you have Sun Java installed. They're by no means better than good local gaming but if it's that or missing a decent game, I'll take it.
Oh and let's not forget Kickstarter! If you've been following the up and coming games, it's hard to ignore how omnipresent Linux is there. Many of the more successful projects there have pledged Linux support (some on release, some post-release) but even on the projects that aren't supporting it, people are talking about Linux as a platform. I don't think that would have been the case two or three years ago.
Even multinational beasts like EA are dipping their toes in the water. They very recently bundled up two launchers for web-only free-to-play games. Some people see this as them milking the cow without doing any work but others are optimistic. Baby steps, we'll see…
And all this stems from the continued hard work of one person…
Wolfire were instrumental in organising the first Bundle and none of this would have happened if it weren't for the other companies trusting in them, but they and many other companies (both in Bundles and outside) have relied on one person to make this cross-platform gaming dream a reality: Ryan C. Gordon.
Ryan has worked professionally at porting games for well over a decade and I personally owe a lot of the fun I've had in the past few to him. Lugaru, Braid, Super Meat Boy, Prey, Avadon TBF, Shank and Psychonauts are all titles that have had Ryan's magic touch, and that's by no means a definitive list!
The only question left: how do we go about cloning him? I need somebody to fix a couple of bugs in the Psychonauts port.
Nearly three-quarters of the political groups subjected to extra tax inspection during a recent IRS scandal were not identifiably opponents of the White House, officials have revealed.
Republicans have called for a special prosecutor to investigate what they call "attacks on American democracy" after it emerged that rightwing groups were singled out for special treatment by the Inland Revenue Service.
But in testimony before Congress, two senior civil servants brought in to clean up after the affair gave evidence that suggests the reality may have been more complex than a simple case of political bias.
The IRS office in Cincinnati which decides whether to exempt such groups from income tax singled out 72 of them for scrutiny because they were openly affiliated with the Tea Party movement, together with 24 others whose names included associated labels such as "patriot".
To qualify for tax exempt status such groups have to show they are not directly backing a political candidate but they are allowed to campaign on general "civic issues".
However a further 226 other political groups were also placed in the same review whose affiliations were not immediately apparent from their name alone, which is often the case among liberal campaign groups. It remains unknown how many of these were in fact Democrat-leaning groups, partly because individual names cannot be publicly released under IRS confidentiality laws.
The IRS did reveal there had been an explosion in groups of all political persuasion seeking to qualify for this type of tax exemption after a relaxation in campaign finance rules meant this would also allow them to keep the identity of their donors secret. In total 3,357 applications were made in 2012 compared with 1,735 in 2010 before the law changed.
Democrats on the committee seized on the new data and said it revealed the hidden story behind the IRS scandal – that political parties were exploiting the tax code to hide their donors.
"There isn't a single person up here [on this committee] who doesn't understand what is going here and what it says about the hidden nature of political donations," said Marcy Kaptur of Ohio. "This is what demands serious attention by the IRS."
Kaptur praised "some smart people in the IRS" for "doing their job" and trying to use overt political affiliations to screen out non-profits that might be fund-raising groups in disguise, although they said there was insufficient clarity in the law about what classed as political activity.
Acting IRS commissioner Danny Werfel told the committee they had launched a comprehensive review to restore trust in the agency because "the use of certain political labels resulted in some applications being inappropriately singled out".
"The agency stands ready to confront the problems that occurred, hold accountable those who acted inappropriately, be open about what happened and permanently fix these problems so that such mis-steps do not occur again," they said. "We need to show the utmost fairness and impartiality … and there was a fundamental failure [to do this] by the IRS management."
But Republican critics saw their testimony and that of treasury inspector general J Russell George as more evidence to support their view that the practice amounted, at best, to inadvertent political bias and may even have been sanctioned by the Democrat administration.
Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida said: "When government targets individuals for their beliefs this is an affront for democracy and an attack our freedoms. It's a basis of our country that you should not fear the government because of your beliefs".
Fellow Democrat Jose Serrano added: "We need to have a have look at why we allow groups involved in political funding to have special status. Freedom of speech does not require this kind of tax advantage."
Delays in granting the tax exempt status are still affecting 132 of the political advocacy groups, some of whom have waited over two years to clear through the IRS system – leading several to go bankrupt.
Republican committee chair, Hal Rogers, compared the affair to a McCarthyite witch-hunt. "Having an enemies list harkens back to a dark page in our past," they said.
Subcommittee chairperson, Ander Crenshaw, added: "When an entire office singles out conservative groups and bullies them and harasses them, that's not bad management; that's someone gone wrong. And if no one steps up and says that's wrong, that's a culture of abuse."
NetBeans.org Community News
Back to the community news list
NetBeans IDE 7.4 Officially Released & Available for Download
By: tinu, 18 Oct 2013
NetBeans IDE 7.4 extends the advanced HTML5 development support introduced in NetBeans IDE 7.3 to Java EE and PHP applications, while offering new support for mobile web development on the Android and iOS platforms, including support for the Cordova framework.
Additional highlights include support for preview versions of JDK 8, and continued enhancements to JavaFX, PHP, C/C++, Maven and other features.
NetBeans IDE is the Smarter and Faster way to code!
Download NetBeans IDE 7.4
Release Highlights:
HTML5 features available in Java EE and PHP projects
Cordova application development
Support for Android and iOS devices and emulators
Preview support for JDK 8 features
Initial editing support for Knockout, AngularJS, and ExtJS frameworks
NetBeans IDE 7.4 is available in English, Brazilian Portuguese, Japanese, Russian, and Simplified Chinese.
More Information
Complete list of features in NetBeans IDE 7.4
Video: What's New in NetBeans IDE 7.4
New screencasts and tutorials
Oracle Press Release
Happy New Year!
What Happens Next?
In eight months, we'll have a 53-mile paved multiuse trail linking four localities. Then what?
To address this question, we recently gathered trail stakeholders throughout four localities of the Trail's alignment, to talk about the future. Participants included local and state tourism officials, economic development teams, county supervisors, planners, V-DOT representatives, property owners, and business owners. Why? To begin the work of taking advantage of this incredible opportunity.
We know trails have drawing power on their own, but with planning and coordination, we can multiply and expedite it, bringing tourists, commuters, fitness enthusiasts, and everyone else looking to enjoy the outdoors. Using the notion that trail users are in it as much for the journey as the destination, ideas on how to enrich the experience began to flow. We asked lots of questions to stimulate conversations, like: How can people from far away plan a trip to the Trail? After people are on the Trail, how do we make sure they enjoy it enough to linger and come back, again and again? Supported tours, campsites, B&Bs, bike repair, historical interpretation, mapping and GPS-based technology, community events, and fitness and educational programs are some of the eight pages of ideas recorded from this high-energy meeting.
We're now in the process of turning these ideas into initiatives, and working together on implementation. It's critically important that we're able to capitalize on the opportunity that the Virginia Capital Trail affords us. How do we best show off our part of Virginia? How do we maximize the economic impact? The rewards of getting it right, of going through the process and succeeding in fulfilling the Trail's potential are huge. Since this meeting, for example, two small businesses have contacted me. One is a new bed and breakfast in eastern Henrico, another entrepreneur is creating downloadable itineraries, incorporating various attractions along the Trail.
So stay tuned. Now that the asphalt is nearly in place, watch as it becomes the most visited attraction in the region through collaboration, creativity, and ingenuity.
That's what happens next.
UIW police officer involved in fatal shooting
SAN ANTONIO — Just before University of the Incarnate Word senior Robert Cameron Redus was fatally shot in a struggle with a UIW police officer Friday morning, a neighbor overheard what may have been their last words.
“I heard (a man) say, 'Oh, you're gonna shoot me?'” in a surprised voice, said Mohammad Haidarasl, 22, who was on their couch in their ground-floor unit at the Treehouse Apartments in Alamo Heights at about 2 a.m.
Less than a minute later, Haidarasl heard four to six gunshots.
“I jumped up and hid in my closet,” they said.
Haidarasl didn't look out the window until they heard emergency vehicles converging on the quiet apartment complex. It wasn't until later that they realized the person shot was their upstairs neighbor, whom they described as “the nicest guy.”
Redus, 23, would have graduated from UIW in May, university officials said. They were on the dean's list in fall 2012 and spring 2013, the university's website noted.
Videos from UIWTV.org, a campus television station operated by students in the Communication Arts Department, showed Redus anchoring news segments last year.
They had four brothers and grew up in Baytown, where they graduated as co-valedictorian from Baytown Christian Academy, friends said.
A statement released by the family said, “We are understandably devastated by the death of our dear son Cameron and we ask for your prayers as we deal with our tragic loss. We trust that God is faithful and will see us through this most difficult time.”
As details of the shooting were slow to emerge Friday, friends had questions about what exactly occurred when UIW police Cpl. Christopher J. Carter tried to pull Redus over for a traffic violation, and whether the use of force was necessary.
Sara Davis, 20, and their sister Annie Jones, 22, both of Baytown, described Redus as kind, intelligent, compassionate and well-loved within the community.
“He was not an aggressive person at all, so the story doesn't make sense,” Davis said.
Alamo Heights police Lt. Cindy Pruitt said Carter, in a marked UIW pickup, told officials they noticed Redus speeding and driving their Ford Ranger pickup erratically on Broadway.
They were not on campus, Pruitt said, and officials did not give an exact location where Carter first spotted Redus.
Pruitt said both vehicles, with Carter's emergency lights on, drove north on Broadway until they pulled into the parking lot of the Treehouse Apartments at Broadway and Arcadia Place.
Once in the parking lot, they both got out of their vehicles and became involved in a struggle, Pruitt said. The officer radioed for help during the struggle and Redus was shot multiple times.
They were pronounced dead at the scene.
Carter has been placed on paid administrative leave during the investigation, the university announced Friday afternoon. They were described by university officials as having an “extensive law enforcement background.”
Over the course of Carter's eight-year law career in Texas, they have held nine jobs at eight agencies, including two stints at the Bexar County Sheriff's Office, files kept by the state agency for licensing peace officers show.
They rarely are at an agency more than a year and their shortest job was for seven months as a reserve officer for the San Antonio Municipal Court Marshals Division. So far, the two years and seven months he's spent at UIW is the longest stretch of employment, the files show.
The University of the Incarnate Word employs 17 police officers who all are licensed and trained as state-certified peace officers, university spokesperson Debra Del Toro said. None of the officers carries a Taser.
A state-licensed peace officer working for a private institution can enforce state and municipal laws outside the campus jurisdiction in a variety of instances, says the Texas Education Code, which governs the agencies.
That includes “whether the officer is on property under the control and jurisdiction of the institution, but provided these duties are consistent with the educational mission of the institution and are being performed within a county in which the institution has land,” the code states.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the student and officer involved in this incident,” UIW President Dr. Lou Agnese said in a news release.
Police were investigating whether Redus had a weapon or was threatening the police officer's life, Pruitt said. The Texas Rangers are assisting in the investigation.
“This is really in its preliminary stages,” Pruitt said. “This investigation will go on for days.”
Haidarasl said no one from the Alamo Heights Police Department had tried contacting him, other than Friday morning when they went outside and officers told them they wouldn't be able to move their truck for a while.
Friday afternoon, they stood and chatted with neighbor Bea Perry, who lives in the same building. She, too, expressed surprise that Redus was the one shot by officers.
“He was such a nice kid; they had so much potential,” Perry said, adding that they hoped someone would be around to care for Redus' fluffy black cat.
“So did you see anything?” they asked Haidarasl.
They launched into their story again, explaining that they heard the officer say more than once, “Stop resisting, stop resisting.”
They thought they heard a struggle, they said.
“Then the cop said, 'I'm going to shoot,'” Haidarasl said.
And that, Haidarasl added, was what garnered the off-handed, sarcastic comment from their neighbor.
Then the silence, followed by gunfire.
mmondo@express-news.net
Staff Writer Alia Malik contributed to this report.
An earlier version of this story mischaracterized a statement from witness Mohammad Haidarasl.
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jake Diekman (41) reacts after gives up a run on a sacrifice fly to Colorado Rockies left fielder Ryan Raburn (6) to bring the Rockies ahead 4-3 in the eighth inning during a Major League Baseball game between the Colorado Rockies and the Texas Rangers at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas Wednesday August 10, 2016. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
"I feel like the change I have to make is microscopic, really," Diekman said. "But I'm getting sore in places I shouldn't get sore. That's really how I know. I'm not a conventional pitcher with conventional mechanics. When something isn't right, I feel it in my body. It's not a big change, but something I've got to keep up on."
ARLINGTON -- After three consecutive outings in which they threw more balls than strikes, left-handed reliever Jake Diekman went through a mechanical tuneup Saturday to slightly adjust their extreme cross-body delivery.
Diekman has allowed hitters a .350 on-base percentage and has a 4.82 ERA since Aug. 1. Over their last three appearances, they have thrown 22 balls and 16 strikes.
Briefly: C Jonathan Lucroy was scratched from Saturday's lineup with flu-like symptoms, but is expected to be back for Sunday's series finale.
-- RHP Yu Darvish, who starts the series finale Sunday, is 5-0 with a 3.00 ERA at Globe Life Park in Arlington this season. The Rangers have won each of Darvish's last five starts, regardless of location.
-- RHP Colby Lewis will pitch for short-season Class A Spokane at Everett in their final rehab outing Monday. Lewis is expected to make about 80 pitches in the game. It's a convenient assignment since the Rangers will be just down the road in Seattle.
Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
Vitor Belfort Says They Will Be Ready to Return to the UFC in December
The unfortunate news for Vitor Belfort on Wednesday is that they were forced out of their bout at UFC 139 against Cung Le.
The silver lining to the story however is that Belfort will only be on the sidelines for four weeks while they recover, and the Brazilian expects to be back in action in December.
Belfort updated their injury status via their Twitter account on Wednesday.
“I am out of November card, I have to take care of a injury,” Belfort wrote. “Nothing major but the good news that the doctor says I will be ready for December.”
Belfort went on to say that the doctors ordered four weeks of physical therapy for the injury.
The only missing piece that has not been discovered is what the injury actually was, but with a short rehab time period it's most likely a joint injury like a knee that obviously doesn't require any kind of major surgery.
Belfort was set to be the co-main event at UFC 139 in their fight with Cung Le, but in their place steps former Pride champion Wanderlei Silva.
If their recovery goes according to scheduled, Belfort would most likely be available for the end of the year card currently set for Dec 30 which is UFC 141. The card is currently headed up by former UFC heavyweight champion Brock Lesnar as they take on former Strikeforce heavyweight titleholder Alistair Overeem.
First things first however is Belfort getting recovered and healthy, and then possibly booking a fight before 2011 is over.
Follow @DamonMartin on Twitter or e-mail Damon Martin.
For more UFC News and UFC Rumors, follow MMAWeekly.com on Twitter and Facebook.
When asked at a press conference on March 6 about the allegations that their maternal grandfather was a Nazi collaborator, Chrystia Freeland, newly appointed Foreign Minister of Canada, former journalist and a writer, a master of words, found only clumsy sentences to deliver what would have earned no more than a ‘C' in a high school debate class.
“It's no secret that Russians do not like you and banned you from the country,” began the question. “Recently, there has been a series of articles in pro-Russian websites about you and your maternal grandparents, making accusations that [your grandfather] was a Nazi collaborator. I'd like to get your view—is this a disinformation campaign by the Russians to try to smear you and discredit you, which they have a tendency to do?”
With a poorly-camouflaged expression of pain on their face, Freeland replied:
“It's public knowledge that there have been efforts—as U.S. intelligence sources have said—by Russia to destabilize the U.S. political system. I think that Canadians and indeed other Western countries should be prepared for similar efforts to be directed at us. I am confident in our country's democracy and I am confident that we can stand up to and see through those efforts.”
“I don't think it's a secret,” they continued, “American officials have publicly said—and even [German Chancellor] Angela Merkel has publicly said—that there were efforts on the Russian side to destabilize Western democracies, and I think it shouldn't come as a surprise if these same efforts were used against Canada. I think that Canadians and indeed other Western countries should be prepared for similar efforts to be directed at them.”
What? Angela Merkel? Was their grandfather a Nazi collaborator or wasn't he? Freeland dodged the question.
As The Globe and Mail reported, when asked to refute the allegation, their office responded: “People should be questioning where this information comes from, and the motivations behind it.”
While the story created a storm of Canadian press, apart from The Washington Post and Bloomberg, U.S. media shied away.
Freeland, a former Canadian journalist of Ukrainian descent, has authored two books on corrupt Russian oligarchs—surely, their books on the Ukrainian oligarchs who flushed their beloved Ukraine down the toilet are on the way. They speak Russian fluently, and understands Russian culture—including Russian politics. So, they certainly could have mustered a better answer to shrug off the uncomfortable questions about rumors of their grandfather's collaboration with the Nazi regime in WWII Poland.
This meme, shorter and better seasoned than their actual response, would have worked: “You are Sourkovskaya propaganda!”
The term, overwhelmingly popular in Russian political newspeak, has origins in the name of Mr. Vladislav Sourkov, Vladimir Putin's personal advisor and at one point a major Kremlin ideologist. It means “Sourkov's propaganda,” of course, and first surfaced in 2011, when journalists from a pro-Kremlin television network tried to break into the office of opposition NGOs, demanding an interview from its representative.
Fighting off the aggressive guests armed with microphones and cameras, the opposition employee gave only one explanation for their refusal to be interviewed.
“You are Sourkovskaya propaganda!” they said more than 80 times in a five-minutes span.
“You are Sourkovskaya propaganda” is the pathetic last line of defense for righteous politicians against the evil reality of stubborn questions that will not evaporate.
But first: Is it such big news that politicians of the Canadian Foreign Minister's level have relatives that collaborated with Nazis during WWII?
Recent history is replete with examples of world leaders with similar skeletons from their relatives' Nazi or Soviet past.
Former Estonian Foreign Minister Marina Kaljurand, despite strong electoral support, dropped out of last year's presidential race when it was revealed that their father, during the WWII, fought on the side of Nazis in the 19th Latvian SS Division. They had a rank of SS Untersturmfuhrer and received two Iron Crosses from Nazi military authorities.
Kaljurand said they never knew their father—and never said they were proud of him.
Russian media revealed that the father of Olexandr Turchynov—former Prime Minister of Ukraine, former Acting President of Ukraine and current head of the Council of National Security of Ukraine—was a member of the Nazi punitive auxiliary police battalion, responsible for annihilating a number of villages in Russia. After the war, Turchinov's father was sentenced to 25 years of hard labor in Siberia, but in 1955, just five years later, was released during Khrushchev's thaw.
Ukraine ignored the news and Turchynov never responded to this example of Sourkovskaya propaganda.
Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaitė had insisted their father, Polikarpas Grybauskaitė, was a firefighter after the war when, in fact, they served Stalin's dreaded NKVD—which is nothing to be proud about in Lithuania.
In 2014, when a book on Grybauskaitė's past came out—sealing their nickname Red Dalia—her subordinates called it an “informational attack against Lithuania by the people connected to Kremlin.”
The revelation of Grybauskaitė's father's work for NKVD, Stalin's dreaded secret service, didn't lead to impeachment because the notion of Sourkovskaya propaganda had been introduced by that time.
Parents and grandparents—not children—should be responsible for these crimes. But, more often than not, they get away with them.
Kurt Waldheim, oberleutnant of the Nazi Wehrmaht, bearer of the Iron Cross, became President of Austria and the fourth General Secretary of the UN. All of their life they lied about their role in WWII, later admitting they “made mistakes” and asking for forgiveness in their posthumous latter.
At 79, after hiding their secret for all of their life, German novelist and Nobel Prize Laureate Gunter Grass admitted that at the age of 17 they joined Waffen SS and was a member of the Nazi party during the war. This fact “oppressed” him, they said, the “disgrace” later became “a burden.” The revelation ended “Grass's moral authority” in Germany and around the world.
Pope Benedict XVI had to resign—the first Pope to do so since 1415! A lot of people in their flock could not forget that, in their youth, Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger was a member of Hitler Jugend and wore a Wehrmaht uniform during the war.
Lech Wałęsa, ex-President of Poland and leader of the Solidarity movement—another Nobel Prize Laureate—vehemently denies they were a KGB agent with the operative nickname ‘Bolek,' though recently-discovered documents state otherwise.
The list goes on.
Michael Chomiak, grandfather of Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, was no a Gunter Grass—though they had a direct relation to publishing.
Born Mykhailo Chomiak, they fled their Polish hometown of Lviv for another Polish town, Cracow, in 1939—right before Stalin's annexation of this part of the country. Their granddaughter claims they were smart enough to foresee what Stalin's regime would do in their motherland Ukraine.
To make a long story short, Chomiak preferred Hitler's regime to Stalin's.
But does that make them a Nazi collaborator, or is this all a bunch of Sourkovskaya propaganda?
Here's a fact: after Hitler ‘reunited' Poland in the beginning of WWII, Chomiak chose not to return to their beloved Lviv which they missed so much, but to remain in Cracow. There, from 1940 to 1944, they served as editor-in-chief of the Ukrainian Nazi newspaper, under the command of Hans Frank (Governor-General of Poland, Nazi lawyer, executed at the Nuremberg Trials). Chomiak's direct supervisor was none other than Emil Gassner, head of the press department in Nazi-occupied Poland.
During WWII, in occupied Poland, the Nazis entrusted Chomiak with this position, editing Krakivski Visti (Cracow News). Their office and printing presses had been taken from the Jewish owners of the Nowy Dziennik newspaper, who were sent to the extermination camps.
It was a lot of work for Chomiak, but they didn't have to start from scratch—thanks to the confiscated (Jewish) resources. In the beginning of 1940, the newspaper printed just two issues a week, increasing later to three, and then, after much organizational effort on Chomiak's part, became a daily.
Their Nazi bosses settled Chomiak comfortably in an apartment in Crakow that had been “freed” from its previous Jewish owners.
Krakivski Visti spread Nazi propaganda for five years, praising Adolf Hitler and Governor-General Hans Frank on behalf of the “Ukrainian people,” and spitting venom against Jews, Poles and Russians.
“With the great joy, the Ukrainian population welcomes the establishment of just German order, the representative of which they have found in you, dear Mr. General Governor,” wrote Krakivski Visti on November 1, 1940. “This happiness has been expressed by Ukrainian people not only with flowers that German soldiers that entered our region were covered with, but also with the sacrifices with blood that the fight against Polish usurpers demands.” Ukrainians were ready for a “happy cooperation” with the Nazis, the newspaper claimed—happy to help with the “establishment of plans of the new order in Europe,” Mykhailo Chomiak's newspaper printed.
In 1943 and 1944, Krakivski Visti hailed the formation of the 14th Waffen SS Division Halychyna, composed of Ukrainian volunteers, fighting against partisans and annihilating civilians.
Krakivski Visti welcomed the “German bombs falling on London that created a lot of heavy house fires.” The “bombing of industrial plants in Birmingham, Coventry, the port of Liverpool was good,” it reported with enthusiasm.
Editor-in-chief Chomiak undoubtably approved of the Nazi's campaign to exterminate the Jews. According to The Globe and Mail, Prof. Himka, a relative of Freeland, “acknowledged that Mr. Chomiak was a Nazi collaborator,” although they pointed out that “the Germans made the editorial decisions to run anti-Semitic articles and other Nazi propaganda.”
After a mass shooting of Jews in Kiev at Babi Yar, Krakivski Vesti wrote that the city was better without the Jews. “There is not a single one left in Kiev today, while there were 350,000 under the Bolsheviks,” the newspaper reported with satisfaction. The Jews “got their comeuppance.” Without Jews, Kiev became “beautiful, glorious.”
Editorials described Poland as “infected by the Jews.” All in, about 25 percent of the newspaper's content was devoted to Nazi propaganda—anti-Semitic, but also anti-Polish and anti-Russian.
In Canadian newspapers, some supporters of Freeland and their grandfather—especially those of Ukrainian descent—paid attention to the fact that Mykhailo Chomiak never personally signed any story published by the Krakivski Visti. But if they were smart enough to foresee the consequences of Stalin's occupation of Lviv when they ran to Nazi-occupied Cracow, they were smart enough not to sign any story in their paper. Foreseeing their next possible run—out of Cracow—Chomiak wouldn't have wanted to risk, one day, being held accountable for them.
There is no doubt Chomiak was very good at what they did for the Nazis in Krakivski Visti—otherwise, why would they be taken to Vienna, together with their family, in 1944 with the retreating Nazi army? German recourses were scarce—and they spent them on Chomiak.
They did not stay in Cracow to join Polish resistance.
In Vienna, they continued to publish the newspaper.
From Vienna, with the help of their retreating Nazi bosses, they resettled in Bavaria.
For the third time, they chose Hitler over Stalin.
And, by that point, wasn't Stalin an ally of the United States?
It was in Bavaria that Chomiak surrendered to Americans and, three years later, immigrated to Canada to reunite with their sister. The “quiet Canadian” never told their relatives about their work for Nazis. The truth came out only after their death in 1984, when their private papers were found in the attic of their house.
“Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland knew for more than two decades that their maternal Ukrainian grandfather was the chief editor of a Nazi newspaper in occupied Poland that vilified Jews during the Second World War,” The Globe and Mail reported.
Some say Chomiak's past has nothing to do with Freeland and the whole thing was blood libel orchestrated by Russians.
But, having known for more than 20 years about their grandfather's past, why has Freeland been portraying them as a victim of both Stalin and Hitler?
On 24 of August, 2016, a day after Black Ribbon Day, commemorating victims of both Stalinism and Nazism, Freeland Tweeted the following: “Thinking of my grandparents Mykhailo & Aleksandra Chomiak on Black Ribbon Day. They were forever grateful to Canada for giving them refuge and they worked hard to return freedom and democracy to Ukraine. I am proud to honour their memory today.”
Unlike Gunter Grass, Mykhailo Chomiak never apologized for their collaboration with the Nazis.
And their granddaughter, the Canadian Foreign Minister, should not be doing it for him. Rather, they must make two things clear: On what grounds do they consider them to be a victim of Nazis and Stalin? And what part of their past is they so proud to honor?
As far as Kremlin Sourkovskaya propaganda is concerned, yes—a number of Russian media outlets republished The Washington Post story following Freeland's ill-fated press-conference. Otherwise, there has been deafening silence…
This is most likely because Russians are now busy digging into their NKVD-KGB archives, hoping to find a dusty Nazi party card inscribed with the name Mykhailo Chomiak.
Posted Friday, August 26, 2016 10:30 pm
Authorities arrested a woman after they allegedly flashed drivers on Railroad Street Thursday afternoon.
Wilson police responded to the 200 block of Railroad Street around 3:30 p.m. in reference to a report of indecent exposure, officials said.
When officers arrived, they found 30-year-old Patrice Antwannette Wiley standing on the side of the road with their dress pulled up in the back, exposing their bare buttocks, according to police.
As officers spoke to Wiley, they began to walk away and dance, further exposing herself, according to Sgt. Stuart Haste. Wiley had been “flashing” motorists, police said.
Wiley was arrested and charged with one count of misdemeanor indecent exposure.
They were placed in the Wilson County Jail under a $1,000 secured bond.
Wiley has a criminal history dating back to 2002 in three counties including Wilson, Nash and Edgecombe. Those convictions include misdemeanor assault on an officer, misdemeanor prostitution, disorderly conduct and assaulting or threatening a government official, according to N.C. Division of Adult Correction.
Olivia Neeley
The EU LCS spot held by Misfits Academy has been sold to esports organization Mysterious Monkeys. The news was announced by German company ad hoc gaming GmbH, who own the team, in an announcement on their website, while Misfits confirmed the sale on Twitter.
Neither party has disclosed the amount paid for the spot. The tweet from Misfits said that an official announcement would be forthcoming today.
Riot Games' regulations prohibit an organization from owning multiple spots in any of League of Legends' top-level competitive leagues, and Misfits, who already hold a spot in the EU LCS, were obliged to sell the spot as a result.
Misfits Academy earned the LCS berth with a 3-2 win over Fnatic Academy at the 2017 EU LCS Summer Promotion tournament.
“When we started the process of selling the team, we spoke with many interested parties but ultimately Mysterious Monkeys presented the most compelling overall offer, which included the intent to keep the team together as best they could," Misfits CEO Ben Spoont said in a press release.
In the same press release, Misfits CGO Joe Elouassi stated that Mysterious Monkeys' offer was the "most lucrative" Misfits received.
Fnatic also holds an extra spot in the EU LCS, as Fnatic Academy earned a promotion to the EU LCS with their 3-0 elimination of Giants Gaming.
theScore esports has reached out to ad hoc gaming GmbH for further comment on the purchase.
Josh "Gauntlet" Bury is a news editor for theScore esports. You can find them on Twitter.
(Earlier this month, a local news report about a young child who ordered a dollhouse through Amazon's voice assistant triggered Amazon Echo devices sitting near viewers' TVs to place the same order during the segment.)
The primary way people interact with smartphones is by touching them. That's why smartphone screens can be thoroughly locked down, requiring a passcode or thumbprint to access. But voice is becoming an increasingly important interface, too, turning devices into always-listening assistants ready to take on any task their owner yells their way. Put in Apple's new wireless earphones, and Siri becomes your point of contact for interacting with your smartphone without taking it out of your pocket or bag.
The more sensors get packed into our ubiquitous pocket-computers, the more avenues someone can use to control them. (In the field of security research, this is known as an ‘increased attack surface.') Microphones can be hijacked with ultrasonic tones for market research. Cameras can receive messages from rapidly flickering lights, which can be used for surveillance and connectivity or even to disable or alter a phone's features.
Most assistants include some safeguards against overheard or malicious commands. The phrases I suggested you shout out earlier will prompt phones within earshot to ask for confirmation. Siri, for example, will read back the contents of the text or tweet a user dictates before actually sending it off. But a determined attacker could conceivably defeat the confirmation, too. All it would take is a simple “yes” before a device's owner realizes what's going on and says “no.”
Hidden voice commands can cause more damage than just a false text or silly tweet. An iPhone whose owner has already linked Siri to a Venmo account, for example, will send money in response to a spoken instruction. Or a voice command could tell a device to visit a website that automatically downloads malware.
The researchers developed two different sets of hidden commands to work on two different types of victims. One set was created to work on Google Assistant, which is challenging to hoodwink because the inner workings of how it processes human speech aren't public. To start, the researchers used obfuscating algorithms to make computer-spoken commands less recognizable to human ears but still understandable by the digital assistants. They kept iterating until they found the sweet spot where the audio was least recognizable to people but most consistently picked up by the devices.
The resulting hidden commands aren't complete gibberish. They mostly just sound like they're spoken by a fearsome demon rather than your average human.
If you know you're about to hear a masked voice command, you're probably more likely to be able to parse it. So to avoid those priming effects, the Georgetown and Berkeley researchers enlisted Americans through Mechanical Turk, Amazon's service for hiring workers for small projects, to listen to the original and garbled commands and write down what they heard.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- After missing almost three weeks of training camp, Arizona Cardinals outside linebacker John Abraham reported Thursday morning, coach Bruce Arians said.
Between the time of their DUI arrest and their return to the Cardinals, Abraham spent some time in a rehab facility, league sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Veteran linebacker John Abraham leads all active NFL players with 133.5 career sacks, including 11.5 during their debut season for the Cardinals in 2013. Mark J. Rebilas/USA TODAY Sports
Abraham, the NFL's active sacks leader, underwent a physical and then spent the afternoon meeting with trainers and Buddy Morris, the team's strength and conditioning coach.
"He's here and ready to roll," Arians said.
There's no doubt in Abraham's mind that he'll be primed for the rest of training camp and is eager to get back on the field again and rejoin their teammates.
"Definitely I'm ready to play and ready to get the pads on, get back in and just being around football team and just being around my teammates, that's probably the biggest thing I missed," Abraham said. "Football gonna come and go but the relationships that you have with the guys are the biggest thing."
Awaiting Abraham will be their old job. Arians said Abraham will be the Cardinals' starting weakside linebacker. They had 11.5 sacks and made their fifth Pro Bowl last season after becoming a starter in Week 4. Their ability to play against the run after years of being a situational pass-rusher kept Abraham in the starting lineup in 2013.
This year, Arians already expects much of the same.
"He'll come off the field very seldom," Arians said, "unless they tap out and is tired."
Abraham, who was arrested on June 29 and charged with DUI in suburban Atlanta, spoke to reporters after putting in afternoon work with the team's training staff.
"We know they had to go through what they did to get back to here," Arians said. "We're all behind him. Right now it's just physical and getting in shape and getting ready to go."
Abraham acknowledged that they still need to lose some weight to get back to game shape.
"I actually gained weight," they said. "Eating a lot of candy. Everybody says that. I look big as hell. I guess (it's) in the eyes of the beholder. I gained a little bit of weight. I couldn't run like I wanted to. Definitely I'm ready to play and ready to get the pads on get back in and just being around football team and just being around my teammates, that's probably the biggest thing I missed."
Arians didn't seem concerned about the 36-year-old getting back into shape after missing Arizona's offseason OTAs and minicamps and the first 19 days of camp, which included 14 practices and a game.
"He showed up last year [on] the first day of training camp and they got themselves ready to play," Arians said. "So I have all the confidence in the world he'll get themselves ready to play."
Also Thursday, the Cardinals announced the signing of former Green Bay Packers linebacker Desmond Bishop. Arians said Bishop will add to the team's depth at inside linebacker.
Cuphead now shooting for mid-2017 release Developer says it won't compromise to ship the game this year
Cuphead developer Studio MDHR now plans to release its stylish cartoony platformer sometime in the middle of next year, according to an update posted to its website.
"Throughout this year we discussed reducing the scope to make a 2016 release, but we made the difficult decision to delay the launch in order to ship with our vision intact," Studio MDHR co-founder Chad Moldenhauer wrote on the developer's website. "We are happy to announce that Cuphead will be coming to Xbox One, Windows 10 and Steam in Mid-2017."
Cuphead was originally unveiled in 2014, and while it was expected to arrive sometime this year — it was on multiple Polygon editors' most anticipated games of 2016 lists — the game didn't have a firm release date.
Our most recent look at Cuphead, which draws inspiration from 1930s cartoons and 16-bit era games like Gunstar Heroes, Contra 3 and Super Mario World, comes from PAX West. You can check out more than six minutes of co-op boss battle gameplay in the video below.
The video above that you're streaming isn't arriving to your computer in one complete chunk. That would take entirely too much bandwidth. So instead, that data is chopped up into smaller pieces and sent sequentially. But to ensure that the video quality is sufficient, sites like YouTube leverage ABR (Adaptive BitRate) algorithms to determine at what resolution the video will play. ABRs generally come in two styles: those that measure how fast a network can transmit data and those that work to maintain a sufficient buffer at the head of the video.
If the rate-based algorithm fails, the video will suffer pixelation as the system drops the bitrate to ensure that the video keeps playing. But if you try to skip too far ahead, it causes havoc with the buffer-based system which then has to freeze playback while it loads both the new chunk of video and the buffer ahead of it. Both of these ABRs are essentially addressing two sides of the same overarching issue, but neither is fully capable of solving it. And that's where AI comes in.
There's actually already been a bit of research into this issue. A research team from Carnegie Mellon recently developed a "model predictive control" (MPC) scheme that attempts to predict how network conditions will change over time and make optimizations decisions based on that model. The problem with that system, however, is that it will only ever be as good as the model itself and it is ill-suited for networks that see sudden or drastic changes in traffic flows.
CSAIL's AI, dubbed Pensive, does not rely on a model. Instead it's used machine learning to figure out when (and under what conditions) to switch between rate and buffer-based ABRs. Like other neural networks, Pensive uses rewards and penalties to weight the results of each trial. Over time, the system is able to tune its behavior to consistently receive the highest reward. Interestingly, since the rewards can be adjusted, the entire system can be tuned to behave however we want.
"Our system is flexible for whatever you want to optimize it for," MIT professor Mohammad Alizadeh said in a statement. "You could even imagine a user personalizing their own streaming experience based on whether they want to prioritize rebuffering versus resolution." The team trained this neural network on just a month's worth of downloaded video content and yet was able to get the same resolution quality as the MPC system but with 10 to 30 percent less buffering.
We should eventually see this technology be adopted by the likes of YouTube and Netflix but first, the MIT team hopes to apply the AI to VR. "The bitrates you need for 4K-quality VR can easily top hundreds of megabits per second, which today's networks simply can't support," Alizadeh said. "We're excited to see what systems like Pensieve can do for things like VR. This is really just the first step in seeing what we can do."
Before I get crucified, I think you and I know this is meant to be more of a fun exercise where we get to dream on the hype of some of the biggest names in minor league baseball.
Everyone is obsessed with knowing who's the best at any given moment. It's not enough to know who's the top prospect right now. What about a year from now? Two years from now? Three?
I decided to take a look and make my best guesses for which prospects will be the best in each of the next four years. I'm drawing from current production relative to league and future grades for each prospect. Each prediction assumes the player is still a prospect in March of each year.
Top Prospect in 2018: Brendan Rodgers, SS (COL)
Just promoted to AA, Brendan Rodgers has several things going for him:
He'll play in Coors Field
They have both a 60 hit and power tool
He'll play shortstop
Before being promoted to AA earlier this month, Rodgers was slashing .400/.419/.700 in 48 games with 12 HR in High-A. They were striking out at just a 14% clip. A slightly concerning trend is their decreasing walk rate (9.4% in 2015, 7.1% in 2016, 2% in 2017). They have only six walks in 250 PA this year, but at the very least their K rate has fallen each year as well.
Remember the Troy Tulowitzki days from the early part of this decade? That's what I expect from Rodgers once they hit their stride in the majors.
Potential challenger: Victor Robles, OF (WAS). I don't think Yoan Moncada or Rafael Devers will be rookie eligible in March.
Top Prospect in 2019: Ronald Acuna, OF (ATL)
The only reason I'm a little cautious about this selection is not because Acuna might fall off, but because he's ripping through the minor league at such a fast pace that there's an outside chance they make their debut mid-to-late 2018 and loses eligibility in March 2019.
Acuna's hype began late last year after they returned from a thumb injury and raked in A ball as an 18 year old. Now 19, the Braves decided 28 games of high-A ball is all they needed to see to promote them to AA. In 192 PA with the Mississippi Braves, they have a .316/.370/.471 slash line with 5 HR and 16 SB. On the year they have 8 HR and 30 SB, good for fourth in all of the minors.
The scary thing about Acuna is that despite their size (he's listed as 6 feet, 180 pounds but scouts think 6 feet is generous), scouting reports expect them to tap into 20 HR power as they continue to physically mature thanks to impressive hand and wrist strength. A potential 20/30 stud with a great slash line, Acuna should already be owned in every dynasty league and if they continue on this pace, Braves fans may have a new superstar by late next year.
Potential challenger: Victor Robles, OF (WAS), Eloy Jimenez, OF (CHC)
Top Prospect in 2020: Vlad Guerrero Jr., 3B (TOR)
We're starting to get into the territory where it becomes primary projection relying on what we're seeing now. Vlad Guerrero Jr just turned 18 in March and is crushing single-A. He's hitting .309/.398/.457 with 5 HR and 6 SB against competition much older. The most impressive thing? He's walked 33 times to 31 strikeouts. They have an 11.8 K% in 560 professional plate appearances, an extremely good sign of things to come.
In the preseason, at best they were ranked as a fringe back-end top 100 prospect on several publications. Now, I think they cross into the top 50 and it's not out of the realm of possibility that they crack some top 25s.
With three plus tools (hit, power, arm), elite bat speed, 30 HR potential and the potential to play the hot corner for the first few years of their career, Vlad Jr. is a force to be reckoned with.
Potential challengers: Leody Taveras, OF (TEX), Juan Soto, OF (WAS), Jay Groome, SP (BOS), Hunter Greene, SP (CIN), Bo Bichette, SS (TOR)
Top Prospect in 2021: Kevin Maitan, 3B (ATL)
Let's talk about the guy who might have more ceiling than any of the above, but easily carries the most risk. Maitan, born after Y2K, is pure projection right now. He's been scouted since they were 13 and heralded as the next Miguel Cabrera. While it's far-fetched to assume he's already a Hall of Fame player, scouts agree the switch hitter is the biggest July 2 signee since Miguel Sano.
Maitan has yet to debut for the GCL Braves because of a slight hamstring strain, thus we don't have a single professional at bat from which to dream on. In their workouts, scouts have slapped a future 60 hit and power tools (from both sides of the plate) with the athleticism to play 3B.
The bust rate for someone this far away from the majors is very high, but so too is the reward. If they follow the ideal developmental trajectory path, we could be looking at a monster in the making in a couple of years time.
Potential challengers: Delvin Perez, SS (STL), Cristian Pache, OF (ATL), Fernando Tatis Jr., SS (SD)
Aaron Pedersen hails 'unsung heroes', shares their own story in National Carers Week
Updated
Aaron Pedersen has played well over 40 roles in their life — appearing in everything from Water Rats to Jack Irish, The Code and more recently Blue Murder.
But the role that has been their longest running has been as a carer to their younger brother Vinnie, who has cerebral palsy and mild intellectual disabilities.
For the past 40 years, the award-winning Indigenous actor and former ABC journalist has taught Vinnie how to tie their shoelaces, get dressed, brush their teeth as well as kick a footy and rap.
Vinnie travels with Aaron to nearly all their location shoots, including the Western Australia town of Kununurra, where the six-part TV series called Mystery Road is now being filmed.
"He's the reason why I get up in the morning, he's the reason why I go to work, why I believe in myself," Aaron told ABC Radio Sydney.
"Every time I get home it's a reality check.
"It's repetitive and relentless ... It is hard. When I was a lot younger I was struggling."
Like any pair of siblings, Vinnie makes sure Aaron keeps their ego in check.
"He thinks I'm alright [at acting] but they think he's much better," the actor joked.
Carers need support
Aaron Pedersen is the ambassador for National Carers Week, which recognises the 2.7 million unpaid carers that dedicate 36 million hours every week to looking after loved ones.
"It's clear that Australia counts on carers, so let's show carers how much they count," Carers Australia chief executive Ara Cresswell said.
"National Carers Week is also an opportunity to raise awareness of the issues faced by unpaid carers, without whom aged care and disability care would simply be unaffordable."
Alan Gravolin, who was awarded New South Wales Carer of the Year this week, said it was important to look after your own health as much as the person you are caring for.
Their wife Lyn, who is 76, was diagnosed with early onset dementia in their 50s and Alan cared for their full time until they were put into care.
"There is support for carers if you know where to go and are prepared to say, 'yes I need help'," Mr Gravolin said.
"If you don't look after your own health, you get to a situation where you can't look after the person you're responsible for.
"It is significantly important that you make time for yourself, that you get good sleep, good diet and social outlets for yourself."
Mr Gravolin has also been an active member of the community and is working with the Law Reform Commissioner of NSW to ensure guidelines for dementia suffers is appropriate under the Guardianship Act.
Tell your story
Aaron also encouraged other carers to not be ashamed to reach out for support.
"Carers are important. They are the unsung heroes," they said.
"I've always kept it quiet. I think we're all like that.
"We don't want to share our personal problems or personal journey, it's too private — but we should be proud to be carers; it's hard work, it's true work, it's unconditional love.
"Caring for carers is what is important ... and don't forget that you're not alone."
Topics: actor, film-movies, arts-and-entertainment, carers, community-and-society, disabilities, health, sydney-2000, australia
First posted
After today's all-hands “State of the Union” meeting, many editorial staffers emerged furious from what they thought was going to be some sort of cathartic elephant acknowledgment. Brandy Zadrozny reported on the anger and frustration in the Daily Beast:
“When the fuck are they going to address sexual harassment? We are all waiting for it, are we not?” one senior-level employee stood and said during the all-hands, according to two sources in the room. The audience erupted in applause.
The whole propagandizing/self-aggrandizing tone of the meeting, which included a documentary-style video about Vice's cherry-picked pros and cons, was very clearly an unsatisfactory showing for anyone looking for answers or any reassurance whatsoever. The Hollywood Reporter, meanwhile, took a slightly different tack, naming the star-studded cast of the recently enlisted advisory committee (Roberta Kaplan, Alyssa Mastromonaco, [cones hands for amplification] GLORIA STEINEM, Tina Tchen, Maya Harris, Susan Tohyama, and Ariel Wengroff), taking care to note, “Sources inside Vice say that the efforts laid out in the staff meeting were in the works prior to the Daily Beast article's publication.” Ok then!
But it sounds like senior management at least received some part of the signal that the editorial staff was not pleased, because Shane Smith sent out this company-wide email at 8:23 p.m.:
Hi VICE, My apologies for the Friday evening note, but I wanted to address some of the feedback we have been getting on today's State of the Union. While we attempted to cover a wide range of issues impacting the company, I'm sorry that we missed the mark, especially when it came to clearly addressing issues around sexual harassment at VICE. I'd like to make it abundantly clear here and now: the behavior outlined in the recent Daily Beast article is unacceptable, and the fact that anything like this could happen at VICE is my and my senior management's responsibility. VICE does not tolerate sexual harassment, abusive behavior, assault or retaliation, and just as we have in connection with the allegations in the Daily Beast, we will investigate and discipline inappropriate behavior of any kind. We will continue to investigate all allegations brought to the company's attention, enlisting outside independent counsel when necessary. We've built this company by hiring the best and most talented voices of a generation. It's my job to make sure that everyone who walks through the door is treated respectfully and has a chance to thrive without intimidation or harassment. Following the State of the Union, I spoke with the heads of editorial to express that going forward we are committed to working lockstep with all of you to improve VICE's workplace culture. This includes enacting everything that we outlined today, continuing to communicate with you about these issues in the coming days, and discussing how we can best solve them. Yes, we can change the world, but first we have to start at home. Thank you for your time and your patience. Shane
This was preceded earlier today by a note from the heads of editorial, i.e., the ones who stood up and said something, to the rest of their staff. Top editors had been discussing whether or not to post similar statements after Waypoint published one last night, but ultimately decided to hold off until they could discuss it more widely. The entire email is reproduced below:
Last night, EICs and senior editors met to discuss the company's inadequate response to sexual harassment and abuse. We hoped today's State of the Union would speak to these ongoing problems, but the company's internal and external communications have failed to address the concerns of its employees. The company has also not acknowledged its past in any meaningful way. We all agree the current situation needs to change. After the State of the Union, a group of 22 people in editorial and the digital video department including Sara Rodriguez, Derek Mead, Dory Carr-Harris, and Ciel Hunter met with Shane Smith, Suroosh Alvi, Sarah Broderick, Andrew Creighton, Jon Lutzky, Susan Tohyama, Alex Detrick, and Ariel Wengroff to discuss how our company is dealing with current and past misconduct, and how to change VICE's culture for the better. The conversation was a first step. VICE executive management has committed to better informing all VICE employees of the processes through which sexual harassment complaints can be filed, to providing more consistent training, and to taking direct action against offenders. After Waypoint posted a statement last night, members of all verticals discussed whether we should put out a more collective and comprehensive statement. But the handful of employees in that meeting can't speak for all employees across all departments of this company globally, and we realized that any action we take must be informed by your input. Given this, we decided not to release a statement at this time, and to open up a dialogue. We encourage you to reach out to managers at this company, including any of those undersigned, to weigh in on changes you want to see here and issues you want addressed. From there, we will work with the new HR leadership to put together a list of changes that must happen. Together we will hold executive management accountable. All of us deserve an environment where we feel safe to do work we are proud of. Signed, Adam Banicki
Dory Carr-Harris
Mike Darling
Greg Eggebeen
Emilie Friedlander
Olivia Gattuso
Mark Guiducci
Helen Hollyman
Ciel Hunter
Ellis Jones
Jason Koebler
Emanuel Maiberg
Ryan McCarthy
Derek Mead
Eric Nusbaum
Ankita Rao
Sara Rodriguez
Lindsay Schrupp
Jonathan Smith
Eric Sundermann
Matt Taylor
Austin Walker
For editorial people more used to a newsroom than a boardroom, the idea that you would show a forty-minute documentary glamorizing your own company rather than talking to your employees directly and frankly is a certain kind of unfathomable and repulsive. But Shane Smith is and always has been a marketer—it's all about what you say and how you say it! Do it Vice-style: slick, cool, and always kind of about you.
Astronomers may have underestimated the extent to which interstellar dust obstructs our view of other galaxies. New research suggests that dust blocks half of all the starlight in the universe from reaching Earth, meaning there is a lot more light and radiation out there than previously accounted for. By looking at galaxies in different orientations, Simon Driver, director of St. Andrews Observatory in Scotland, observed how much light the dust within spiral galaxies blocked. Using a new model of dusty galaxies developed by Richard Tuffs of the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics, Driver then recalculated how much energy the dust blocks for 10,000 galaxies. The newly calibrated model showed far more hidden energy than expected; that energy then heats up the obscuring dust.
If this finding holds up, we may have to reevaluate the numbers of known stars in a galaxy, how much mass the stars contain, and how much radiation escapes a galaxy.
Bombing at U.N. building in Nigeria kills 18 NIGERIA
Rescue workers work in front of the premises of the United Nations House in Abuja on August 26, 2011 after the building was hit by a bomb that killed at least 18 people, leaving others trapped and causing heavy damage. Some witnesses reported that the bomb exploded after a suspect rammed a car through the front gate. Parts of the first two floors of the building were blown out and rescue workers scrambled to rescue those left inside. less Rescue workers work in front of the premises of the United Nations House in Abuja on August 26, 2011 after the building was hit by a bomb that killed at least 18 people, leaving others trapped and causing heavy ... more Photo: Henry Chukwuedo, AFP/Getty Images Photo: Henry Chukwuedo, AFP/Getty Images Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Bombing at U.N. building in Nigeria kills 18 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Abuja, Nigeria --
A car loaded with explosives crashed into the main U.N. building in Nigeria's capital and exploded Friday, killing at least 18 people in one of the deadliest assaults on the international body in a decade. A radical Muslim sect blamed for a series of attacks in the country claimed responsibility for the bombing, a major escalation of its sectarian fight against Nigeria's weak central government.
The brazen assault in a neighborhood surrounded by heavily fortified diplomatic posts represented the first suicide attack to target foreigners in oil-rich Nigeria, where people already live in fear of the radical Boko Haram sect. The group, which has reported links to al Qaeda, wants to implement a strict version of Shariah law in the nation and is vehemently opposed to Western education and culture.
While police officers and local officials have primarily borne the brunt of Boko Haram's rage, now everyone seems to be a target in a nation often divided by religion and ethnicity.
"It is an attack on the global community," said Viola Onwuliri, a junior Nigerian foreign minister, as they looked at the bomb site.
A sedan loaded with explosives crashed through two gates at the exit of the U.N. compound Friday morning as guards tried in vain to stop it, witnesses told the Associated Press. The suicide bomber inside drove the car through the glass front of the main reception area of the building and detonated the explosives, inflicting the most damage possible, a spokesperson for the Nigerian National Emergency Management Agency said.
"I saw scattered bodies," said Michael Ofilaje, a UNICEF worker at the four-story building, which they said shook with the explosion. "Many people are dead."
At least 18 people died in the attack, according to an AP survey of morgues at four major Abuja hospitals. Nigerian Health Minister Mohammad Ali Pate made a public appeal for blood donations, saying there were at least 60 injured people alone at the nearby National Hospital.
Boko Haram, which means "Western education is sacrilege," has carried out a series of bombings and assassinations in northern Nigeria in the last year. But attacking foreigners is a new, troubling step for the group.
SHANGHAI -- Word on Wednesday that a midsize real estate developer in the Chinese province of Zhejiang has gone belly up is fueling concerns that the country's housing bubble may be on the verge of bursting.
Zhejiang Xingrun Real Estate, which was having trouble selling its properties, found itself strapped for cash and saddled with 3.5 billion yuan ($565 million) in liabilities.
The firm owes roughly 2.4 billion yuan to banks and another 700 million yuan or so to individual investors from funds raised illegally, according to the government of Fenghua, the city where the firm is based.
Local authorities have detained two of the company's managers on related charges and say they are preparing indictments. The city government has put together a task force to uncover the specifics of the collapse and deal with its repercussions.
The development comes as the Chinese real estate market shows signs of increasing stress. Developers have been lowering property prices one after another since around the start of February.
On top of a heightened sense that housing inventories are overstocked in smaller cities, banks have begun to tighten financing for real estate projects. Industrial Bank, for instance, created a stir on Feb. 24 by announcing it was halting some loans to real estate firms.
Moreover, new-housing prices fell in February from January in four of 70 cities, according to data released Tuesday by the National Bureau of Statistics. In such major cities as Shanghai, prices are still rising but not as quickly.
Local governments rely on selling off property to shore up revenue, while individuals and companies actively make speculative investments in real estate.
A major source of uncertainty comes in the form of so-called wealth management products. Emblematic of the shadow banking sector, these high-interest investments are often used to finance development projects. A downturn in the housing market could set off large-scale defaults
WASHINGTON—House Select Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes responded Sunday to President Donald Trump's claim that the previous administration conducted surveillance on Trump Towers.
President Trump issued a request to Congress Sunday morning to include in its Russia intelligence investigation whether the Obama administration took actions upon their campaign team.
“One of the focus points of the House Intelligence Committee's investigation is the U.S. government's response to actions taken by Russian intelligence agents during the presidential campaign,” Nunes said in a statement to CNN. “As such, the committee will make inquiries into whether the government was conducting surveillance activities on any political party's campaign officials or surrogates, and we will continue to investigate this issue if the evidence warrants it.”
The New York Times previously reported that the Obama administration left a trail of information for government investigators to follow about Russian attempts to influence the 2016 presidential election as well as possible contacts between associates of then President-elect Trump and Russians.
Senate Select Intelligence Committee member Oklahoma Republican Jim Lankford found that news disturbing.
“It is very disconcerting in the way you handle leaks or evidence or what previous administration was doing to try to hurt the next administration. We're obviously chasing the facts right now,” Lankford told The Daily Caller last Thursday.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my “wires tapped” in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017
Trump tweeted Saturday morning and accused former President Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower before the election. Trump later said in another tweet, “How low has President Obama gone to tapp [sic] my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!”
Trump also asked early Sunday morning, “Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?”
California Democratic Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking member on the House Select Intelligence Committee, previously told TheDC almost one week ago the committee would be interested in knowing if the DNC rebuffed FBI efforts to gain access to their servers. Just days later before the committee could finish its probe, Schiff called for the resignation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions for Sessions' response relating to the former Alabama Senator's past contacts to the Russian ambassador.
Follow Kerry on Twitter
“Non-lieux,” or “non-place,” is a term coined by French anthropologist Marc Augé in a 1995 book titled, Non-Places: Introduction to an Anthropology of Supermodernity. It refers to places that lack history and tradition, places that people pass through, places that are solely meant for transactions, places where people are largely anonymous faces, and places that aren't significant enough to be considered “places.”
Since 2007, photographer Benoit Paillé has been going to these non-place places, talking to random strangers, and asking them to pose for a portrait.
Here's what Paillé says about their “Strangers Project”:
Questioning the modern world in which we are living and trying to break this individualism and the anonymity of the big city. By going into “non-lieux” (non-places) (subways, malls, and crowded streets at rush hour…) and by talking to people to take photos, I break the usual way this modern world works for a few instants. I make real these “non-lieux” by creating an event that the stranger will remember. So all my models are strangers met in the street, trains, subway, mails, etc.
You can find all 200+ of the stranger portraits that Paillé has shot so far in this Flickr set.
Stranger Project by Benoit Paillé (via Fstoppers)
Image credits: Photographs by Benoit Paillé
Nail Hoot - Ruby July
Nail Hoot - Peridot August
Nail Hoot - Sapphire September
Be sure to follow Nail Hoot on social media:
Hiya guys! I'm back to my normal schedule of sleep - work - blog this week. Not complaining though, the days off to rest were nice but quickly had me stir-crazy. Of course in a few days I'll be back to begging to stay home from work, haha. So today I'm sharing swatches for the first Nail Hoot , which features the months July, August, and September. These were released during the summer and I do believe the next trio (October through December) are available in the shop as well. Let's go ahead and get started!Theby Nail Hoot is now available for purchase. The full-size 15mL trio can be purchased for $24.50 while each individual bottle retails for $9.00.can be described as a gorgeous red holographic polish that is inspired by July's birthstone - Ruby. Woohoo, my birth month! I was more than a little hyped to see July as one of the initial three months for this collection. But one thing I do wish is that it would have been a little darker or more pigmented. That, of course, is completely personal preference.The formula had a sheer and thin application, but it did build up nicely. Smooth consistency as well. I experienced no staining from this shade during removal, which is always really nice when it comes to a red shade. Shown in three coats and sealed with a glossy topcoat.can be described as a rich green-yellow holographic polish that is inspired by the August birthstone - Peridot. If you're not drooling, then you absolutely should be! It does draw a little warm from my skin-tone, I actually don't mind it one bit. I don't think I have ever loved a green shade this much. Note ladies, it's so much more vibrant and gorgeous in direct sunlight.The formula has an amazingly opaque application, practically a one coater. Though I did prefer adding a very thin second for more holo sparkle. Definitely a must-have, especially if you're a fan of green. Shown in two coats and sealed with a glossy topcoat.can be described as a stunning blue holographic polish that is inspired by the September birthstone - Sapphire. You guys know how I feel about a rich blue *insert hearts as eyes*. As much as I feel like a traitor to Ruby, this might actually be my favorite!The formula was very opaque with this one, but not quite enough to be a one coater. I felt the consistency was just a tiny on the thick side, but since it didn't need much layering it wasn't an issue with the application. On removal I had very minimal staining to my nail beds, none to the cuticle. Although as I said it was very minimal it should be noted that I did not have it too long (couple of hours). Shown in two coats and sealed with a glossy topcoat.Overall I completely love all three of these shades and the concept behind these trios. I'm always a sucker for anything that represents birth months. My photos don't do the holo finishes any justice, especially when it comes to Peridot. I really can't wait to see what the remaining months look like! Funny enough with these three, I love how good they look together. With the holidays around the corner I really feel like I'll be getting a lot of use out of them as well. So what do you guys think of these? Will you be picking them up or maybe just waiting until your birth month?To recap,by Nail Hoot is now available for purchase. The full-size 15mL trio can be purchased for $24.50 while each individual bottle retails for $9.00.
The Chicago Tribune reports on a brutal baseball game between the US and China that featured five American batters getting hit by Chinese pitches:
Our relations with China were nearly broken at the plate.
A near-brawl with our Olympic hosts in a baseball game won 9-1 by the U.S. team Monday night resulted in an unexpected outbreak of tension for the international pastime.
Three members of China's team were ejected from the game.
Two collisions at home plate led to an injury to a Chinese catcher and a confrontation with another.
An American player was then hit in the head with a pitch. They were rushed to a hospital, where they were diagnosed with a concussion.
"That was the last straw," said U.S. center fielder Nate Schierholtz, another of the principals.
A humanist advocacy group has launched a book project designed to provide inmates with an atheist-based alternative to religious literature distributed in prisons.
The Freethought Books Project was began in December by the Center for Inquiry. Members of the group have made a concerted effort to collect and donate material to counter biblical teaching given to convicts.
“The project offers donated books on atheism, humanism, science, and skepticism to prisoners who seek alternatives to the religious proselytizing and indoctrination that is often unavoidable within the prison system,” states a press release announcing the project. “It will also connect inmates with volunteer pen pals at CFI branches with whom they can connect and share ideas.”
Steve Wells, author of “The Skeptic's Annotated Bible,” donated copies of their book to the project.
“We think it's important to provide an alternative to the Bibles and other religious materials that are continually pushed upon prison inmates,” they said.
Members of the Center for Inquiry aren't the only ones participating. Individuals who know of the project of purchased atheist literature off an Amazon Wish List that was set up to promote the initiative, according to The Blaze.
“By providing books, as well as connections through the pen pal network, we offer prisoners much-needed ties to the outside world and open minds to the wonders of science and critical thinking,” project coordinator Sarah Kaiser told the Christian Post.
Since the initiative launched in December, 45 inmates have reportedly requested books from the Center for Inquiry, according to the Post.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
CLOSE The Indiana Republican Party decided to poll Facebook users on what it called their "Obamacare horror story." The reaction: not quite what the Republicans expected. Dwight Adams/IndyStar
The Indiana Republican Party thought it would poll the public about their "Obamacare horror stories." Here's what happened next. (Photo: Getty Images)
The Indiana Republican Party posed a question to Facebook on Monday: "What's your Obamacare horror story? Let us know."
The responses were unexpected.
"My sister finally has access to affordable quality care and treatment for their diabetes."
"My father's small business was able to insure its employees for the first time ever. #thanksObama"
"Love Obamacare!"
"The only horror in the story is that Republicans might take it away."
On Tuesday morning, within 24 hours of posting the question, the Indiana GOP's post had collected more than 1,500 comments, the majority in support of Obamacare.
Since then, the post has gone viral — with more than 7,500 comments and 5,400 shares by noon on Wednesday.
“This is what you would expect when Democratic National Committee affiliated groups begin to share the message across social media and ask their folks to engage," said Kyle Hupfer, Indiana Republican Party State Chairman, in a statement. "What we know is that these responses do not represent the majority of Hoosiers who, when asked, time and time again say they want Obamacare repealed.”
An Indiana GOP spokesperson also noted that the party received emails and private messages from people who have been hurt by Obamacare but who didn't want to share that information publicly.
Within hours of the original post, Facebook users and pages, including county Democratic party pages and the popular Periods for Politicians/Periods for Pence page, shared the post to encourage their networks to comment in support of Obamacare, too.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
More: Poll: Only 12% of Americans support the Senate health care plan
Opinion: Small businesses would benefit from Obamacare repeal
Backing out: Two of four insurers will no longer sell Obamacare plans in Indiana
Many seemed to relish that the post didn't receive more horror stories.
"The question seems to have backfired on you. Silly Republicans. Lol."
"Ha ha ha epic fail — GOP stunt backfired!"
"Hey, Indiana GOP: somebody should tell you how the internet works. #boatymcboatface"
But in the sea of comments supporting Obamacare were occasional posts stating an opposing view.
"OUR INSURANCE MORE THAN DOUBLED," one user wrote.
"Obama care sucks," wrote another.
CLOSE Anthem and MDwise have pulled out of Indiana health exchanges created under the Affordable Care Act for 2018. That will leave about 76,000 Hoosiers without coverage, but there may be other options for them.. Dwight Adams/IndyStar
Passing new health care legislation has become a central issue for Republicans. For years, GOP lawmakers have campaigned on a message of repealing and replacing Obamacare, more formally known as the Affordable Care Act.
House Republicans passed a bill in May, but Senate Republicans, led by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., missed a self-imposed deadline last week — after a handful of Republican senators joined all Democrats in opposition.
But at a fundraiser in Kentucky on Friday, McConnell vowed to continue re-working the Senate bill until they collect enough votes to pass through the chamber.
It will be challenging for McConnell. A recent poll from USA TODAY/Suffolk University found that just 12 percent of Americans supported the Senate's health care plan.
Among Republicans, only 26 percent said they supported the Senate bill, with 52 percent saying they needed more information.
Still, the poll found that eight in 10 Republicans supported repealing Obamacare, showing the tightrope that Republicans must walk — even on a simple Facebook post.
Call IndyStar reporter Ryan Martin at (317) 444-6294. Follow them on Facebook and on Twitter: @ryanmartin.
More from Ryan Martin: Most popular dog breeds at one Indianapolis animal shelter
More from Ryan Martin: Where Indiana lost its population last year
More from Ryan Martin: Indiana police departments want drones. There's just one big problem.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2tMOBuX
Is it a genuine gesture or an attempt to buy the city's good will?
The question was posed to Walmart spokesperson Steve Restivo as the giant retailer pledged $4 million to the New York City's summer youth employment program. Restivo said there are no strings attached to the pledge.
WCBS 880's Marla Diamond In Brooklyn https://cbsnewyork.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/diamond_walmart1w_pm_110705.mp3
Walmart is seeking approval to build its first New York City store in Brooklyn.
“[It's] no secret that we're looking for locations across the five boroughs — store sizes small, medium, and large. We don't have any announced projects yet. We don't have any leases signed in the city,” Restivo said.
Later, CBS 2's Marcia Kramer attempted to get Walmart representative Michelle Gilliard to answer the following question: would the retail giant's generous pledge to create summer jobs for city kids soften resistance to its stores being built here in New York City?
That set Mayor Michael Bloomberg off and what followed was an at times terse back and forth with Kramer.
Mayor Bloomberg Quipped Back When Asked About Walmart's Intentions. 1010 WINS' Stan Brooks Reports. https://cbsnewyork.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/walmart-2-brooks-w41-soc-ebadia.mp3
“It won't with me. This city's open to everybody, period, end of story,” Bloomberg said.
Hizzonor was so agitated that they at first wouldn't let Gilliard answer the question.
“I answered it for you. We've had enough,” Bloomberg said.
And away they went:
Kramer: “Mr. Mayor, I don't understand why you're not allowing Michelle …”
Bloomberg: “I'd be happy to allow Michelle … they say no.”
Kramer: “This is a press conference. We would like an opportunity …”
Bloomberg: “If Michelle wants to speak she's welcome to speak.”
Kramer: “But you're basically answering the questions.”
The mayor eventually let them take the floor, but Kramer couldn't get an answer to the question.
Kramer: “Do you think that this donation of $4 million will help you or help your company on its attempt to build a store here?”
Bloomberg: “Let me answer that. I hope so. Why would anybody not hope so? You're telling me that your company's philanthropy doesn't look to see what is good for your company?”
Walmart's $4 million pledge should allow the summer jobs program to expand by up to 3,400 jobs.
“We've given close to $13 million in the last four years alone. So, today's announcement really was a continuation of what our foundation has done over the past several years,” Restivo said earlier.
Walmart has been tight lipped about where it wants to build. One potential site is on Gateway Drive in Brooklyn. The location is just a few miles from the Pitkin Avenue Business District where local store owners are worried about their survival and furious at Mayor Bloomberg.
Mark Tanis, the general manager of Shopper's World on Pitkin Avenue in East New York, Brooklyn, told Kramer it's clear to them why Walmart made the donation.
“I feel that Walmart is trying to buy its way into the community,” Tanis said. “I don't know why the mayor would want to infringe on the small businesses. We are everyday small businesses, mom-and-pop trying to make it.”
Walmart said the city donation is part of a $25 million program to help kids have a better summer.
Do you think Walmart is trying to buy its way into NYC? Or do you think its intentions are genuine? Please offer your thoughts in the comments section below.
We have specifics on the Final Fantasy compilation set that Square Enix announced during today's Final Fantasy Gallery opening ceremony event.
A slide shown at the event revealed that the compilation will include thirteen games:
Final Fantasy (PS1, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy II (PS1, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy III (PSP, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy IV (PS1, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy V (PS1, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy VI (PS1, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy VII International (PS1, 4 discs)
Final Fantasy VIII (PS1, 4 discs)
Final Fantasy IX (PS1, 4 discs)
Final Fantasy X (PS2, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy XI Vana'diel Collection 2 (PS2, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy XII (PS2, 1 disc)
Final Fantasy XIII (PS3, 1 disc)
The compilation also includes some limited bonus items:
Special anniversary video disc
Crystal ArtWorks -- an anniversary visual art collection
A two disc anniversary music selection CD
Final Fantasy XIV Mogu Mogu Earring item code
Mini replica of Amano FF 25th Anniversary visual and stand
All this for ¥35,000. Look for the Ultimate Box on December 18, exclusively through the Square Enix e-Shop.
(UPDATED) The Philippine leader says they need firearms from Russia after the 'cancellation' of an arms purchase deal with the United States
Published 8:10 AM, May 24, 2017
MOSCOW, Russia (UPDATED) – President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday, May 23, asked Russian President Vladimir Putin for a soft loan for purchase of firearms.
Duterte made the request during their bilateral meeting with the Russian leader in the Kremlin on Tuesday.
"I am sorry if I am in a hurry but I need to buy, if you can grant me a soft loan, we'll [inaudible] the money and pay it right away because the arms that we ordered from America was cancelled," they told Putin.
Duterte did not give more details about the US arms deal, but was likely referring to the US sale of guns to the PNP which was questioned by US Senator Benjamin Cardin. The senator had threatened to stop the weapons sale to protest Duterte's "barbaric actions."
In early May, Cardin, along with Senator Marco Rubio of Florida, filed the proposed Philippines Human Rights Accountability and Counternarcotics Act of 2017, seeking to restrict the sale of certain US weapons and equipment to the Philippine National Police because of Duterte's bloody war on drugs.
Duterte said they needed more firearms to implement their newly declared martial law for the entire island of Mindanao and fight terrorists.
"I'm having problems with the ISIS. I come here to seek help," said Duterte.
Putin gave a general response to Duterte's request.
"We have very many promising and interesting areas of cooperation, including on energy machine building, transport and infrastructure. And I think we can cooperate in many different technical spheres," said Putin.
The Philippine president took the opportunity to assure Putin of their independent foreign policy, particularly one that dovetails with the foreign policy of just one major superpower.
"I have gone out of the ambit of the western influence. Nothing has happened ever since the occupation. I'm referring to the Americans," said Duterte.
The two leaders were supposed to witness the signing of a defense cooperation deal between their defense ministers on Thursday, May 25, but Duterte had to cut their trip short following the attacks in Marawi.
Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano will stay behind in Russia to represent Duterte at the signing of the bilateral agreements. – Rappler.com
As far as secret lairs of madcap scientists go, MegaBots' Fortress One in Hayward, Calif., isn't too shabby. Wedged between some nondescript industrial business and a lot that appears to be a cemetery for semis, this ivy-covered warehouse is surrounded by perimeter walls tall enough to hide the seldom-seen 16-ft, 12-ton war machine on the other side. As an added layer of security, there's even a Ring video doorbell.
These guys are good.
Standing outside the place, I could only imagine what crazy antics and experiments were happening within. After all, 31-year-old co-founders Gui Cavalcanti and Matt Oehrlein, mechanical and electrical engineers, respectively, actually built their very own Iron Giant—modeled after the piloted mechs of mid ‘90s video games. Called the Mk. III at the time, but now dubbed Eagle Prime, it's intended to be the first of many MK3 class fighting mechs. And it's also the most impressive action figure ever built, even fitted with an arsenal of interchangeable accessories like knives, a claw, a ginormous chainsaw, and a double-barreled cannon.
The MegaBots crew—which has expanded from the two co-founders to a full-time staff of more than a dozen over the last two years—”plays” with this $2.5 million toy by pummeling hybrid cars for sport, cutting up ovens, and generally finding new ways to create the wanton destruction previously only possible in daydreams or cartoons like G.I Joe.
This is probably how COBRA got its start.
It's all for the sake of science, mind you. And to ensure MegaBots annihilates a 13-ft Japanese mech named Kuratas. The fight goes down this September, and will be posted later on YouTube.
The match has been promised and hyped since the summer of 2015, but it's definitely worth the wait. For geeks, this isn't merely our McGregor vs. Mayweather; it's Optimus Prime vs. Voltron. It's a first-of-its-kind event and has the support of huge American companies such as Autodesk and Parker Hannifin, along with several other niche manufacturers and robotics experts that keep manufacturing moving. And it has the support of nearly 8,000 Kickstarter backers who contributed more than $500,000.
Best case, this fight will spawn an entire new international sports league. Worst case, it's still real giant robots punching each other for our amusement.
And one of them is on the other side of this gate! Maybe they'll let me drive it!
This is mid-July, mere weeks away from MegaBots scheduled fight with Suidobashi Heavy Industries, which makes Kuratas. Just two months ago, the MegaBots team revealed its fully-functional MK3 bot at Maker Faire in San Mateo, using a pair of Toyota Prius, or Prii, as punching bags to demo the hydraulically charged power. Even at 25% strength (for public safety), the slight electric Japanese imports crumpled into submission with a few well-placed jabs.
Those totaled hybrids, by the way, lie lifeless and splattered by paintballs a few feet away from the door, serving as a savage warning to any other Japanese machine that dare face MegaBots.
Finally, Cavalcanti opens the door to the covert confines, revealing something I never expected—an ordinary-looking fabrication shop.
Oh, look. A filing cabinet. And here's a bag of disposable towels. Safety headphones. Welding masks hanging neatly on the wall. Is this some kind of sick joke?
To make matters worse, Cavalcanti isn't some half cyborg villain, but a thoughtful, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable tour guide wearing glasses and a charcoal MegaBots t-shirt.
They even acknowledge how low tech this supposed advanced giant fighting robot headquarters is as we pass by a Lincoln-Electric Precision Aspect 375 TIG Welder and a Kent CNC machine, the type of totally normal new equipment we write about all the time.
“We look like we're welding a wheel loader together,” the MegaBots CEO says. “The difference here is this is a prototyping shop, whereas Caterpillar would have giant jigs for making 10,000 wheel loaders. This is more of a one off.”
So they are definitely not building a giant mech army to take over Silicon Valley. Dammit.
Cavalcanti takes us upstairs, leading us by a typical office jammed with several workstations to the left, a fairly basic setup save for the impressive robot noir art hanging on the walls. A kitchen and conference room are on the other side of the catwalk. We head to the totally corporate conference room, replete with a huge monitor, boardroom table and chairs.
As Oehrlein—also just a regular guy with slightly mussed hair, glasses and a t-shirt—takes over, I wonder if this is all some crazy ruse. Building a giant fighting robot can't be this mundane.
So I ask what's going on today, expecting they are about to practice some robo jiu jitsu takedowns, or test some sort of EMP punch.
“It's a lot of logistical stuff,” Oehrlein, the COO, says plainly. “These are big robots; they're difficult to move around. On the corporate side, it's a lot of creative planning, getting the right partners involved.”
There is a trick here, and it's been hiding in plain sight.
This MegaBots team, portrayed on YouTube as eccentric Millennial engineers (millengineers?) who take wicked delight using science to smash nice things, have a bigger secret here than a giant robot, (which I still haven't seen yet). They are in fact serious, practical entrepreneurs.
These rogue, irreverent makers turned out to be “Transformers: Grownups in Disguise.”
The matters the MegaBots team cares about—from developing a supply chain to meeting deadlines to safety—are all things any project manager or high-level executive worries about in manufacturing. And they've brought together the best of the best to complete this ultimate warrior in the same way any successful manufacturer we have covered would.
The colossal ambitions to make a science-fiction mech real makes the story more compelling than most, but Cavalcanti and Oehrlein are dead-set on the same goals your company has: making something people want better than anyone else.
Before the ravenous crowds can experience this metal-on-metal violence live, as with Battlebots, which are Micro Machines by comparison, both sides have taken the safe route.
"The duel will be filmed in a private location rather than a ticketed live event because of safety concerns for the audience, and the unpredictability of the technology being used," MegaBots and Suidobashi reported in a joint statement.
That doesn't mean everyone will be out of harm's way.
For more from John Hitch and their trip west to investigate the growing MegaBots phenomenon, check out our sister publication New Equipment Digest.
Writer Lena Dunham adopted Lamby the dog four years ago from a no-kill shelter in Brooklyn, the fulfillment of a lifelong dream the star pursued despite the canine allergies of their live-in boyfriend, musician Jack Antonoff.
The trio's tumultuous relationship was well-documented by Dunham from the start — they The trio's tumultuous relationship was well-documented by Dunham from the start — they penned a New Yorker essay on their affinity for Lamby and their affinity for late-night bark sessions. Lamby made regular appearances on their Instagram account and was the subject of many a Twitter musing, often about their mischievousness and proclivity to bite.
The dog's scruffy white mug even appeared in Dunham's 2014 Vogue cover shoot, further establishing their role as central to the actor's brand.
Then suddenly last spring, Lamby disappeared.
In late June, Dunham In late June, Dunham explained why : Lamby had gone to doggy rehab, a professional facility in Los Angeles called the Zen Dog, and had been readopted by a former trainer with experience handling troubled canines. Dunham wrote on Instagram that Lamby “suffered terrible abuse as a pup” that made it difficult for them to live in a traditional home.
“Honesty is my jam,” they said.
Now, weeks later, the Brooklyn animal shelter where Lamby first came from is contradicting the narrative Dunham delivered both in their New Yorker essay and Instagram confessional.
“When they adopted the dog from us, it wasn't crazy,” Robert Vazquez, a spokesperson for the BARC shelter in New York, “When they adopted the dog from us, it wasn't crazy,” Robert Vazquez, a spokesperson for the BARC shelter in New York, told Yahoo in an email . “I have pictures of the dog loving on Lena and their mom, which is weird if the dog was abused. It wouldn't be cuddling with them or be in the bed with their ‘boyfriend' in the pages of Vogue.”
Vazquez contradicted Dunham's claims that Lamby had been abused by prior owners. They wrote in the New Yorker essay that the dog had had “three other homes, three other names, but now he's mine mine mine.”
“We checked the records for Lamby,” Vazquez told Yahoo. “He was ‘owner surrendered, not enough time,' so we do not know where they got ‘multiple owners that abused the dog.'”
Vazquez said they had been in charge of the dogs at BARC for more than a decade and was there for the four visits Dunham had with Lamby before adopting him.
“If Lamby had a bad past or was abused, do you think BARC would have adopted them to Lena knowing she's a new star and put them — or the dog — in that situation?” Vazquez said. “We would have told them if the dog had issues. We are a no-kill shelter. We don't lie about the dogs' histories because that gets them returned — and mentally it's not good for dogs.”
These accusations, if you can even call them that, are hardly crisis-inducing, but they play into the hand of Dunham's critics, who have accused them of being tone deaf or skewing facts in their personal writings. Them depiction of a sexual assault they experienced in college was These accusations, if you can even call them that, are hardly crisis-inducing, but they play into the hand of Dunham's critics, who have accused them of being tone deaf or skewing facts in their personal writings. Them depiction of a sexual assault they experienced in college was called into question by conservative blogs after they published it in their memoir, “Not That Kind of Girl,” and in 2016 they caught heat for writing in their newsletter that Odell Beckham Jr. ignored them at the Met Ball because they aren't attractive enough.
Most recently, they sparked outrage when they remarked during their “Women of the Hour” podcast that “I still haven't had an abortion, but I wish I had.”
They later apologized for their Beckham and abortion comments, something the fiery and unfiltered writer has had to do on several occasions since rocketing into the public eye when “Girls,” their wildly popular HBO show, premiered in 2012.
For Lamby, though, Dunham will not say sorry.
“It's come to my attention that the staff at the shelter where I adopted Lamby have a very different account of their early life and behavioral issues than I do,” Dunham wrote on Instagram late Thursday night in response to the Yahoo interview with BARC Shelter. “While I'm sorry to have disappointed them, I can't apologize.”
lenadunham Verified 22.1k likes 1 comment It's come to my attention that the staff at the shelter where I adopted Lamby have a very different account of their early life and behavioral issues than I do. While I'm sorry to have disappointed them, I can't apologize. Lamby was and is one of the great loves of my life. When I met them I knew we'd have an amazing journey. But their aggression - which was unpredictable- and theirs particular issues, which remain myriad, weren't manageable, at least not by me. I did what I thought the best mother would do, which was to give them a life that provided for their specific needs. He'd been with me for nearly four years and I was their mom- I was in the best position to discern what those needs were. After countless hours of training, endless financial support and a lot of tears they were given access to a better life. I still support them financially and I'll always be there for them in every way but he's notably happier in their new surroundings. Why should this story be subject to scrutiny and anger? It is willfully misunderstanding the truth. I hope those judging can imagine the incredible pain of letting go of your favorite creature on EARTH because you know you can't help them be healthy and happy. I would never say an unkind word about the staff of BARC, what they do is amazing and life saving for these animals- but we have different accounts of Lamby's behavior and they were not present in my home nor did they live with them for an extended period. They did not witness the consistent and responsible care I provided. I have weathered a lot of micro-scandals but this one hurts MOST, because of the vulnerability of letting people know Lamby and my story, and because I miss them so damn much. This is the painting that greets me every day when I walk into my home. This is the animal who taught me about loving and letting go. I know I'm a lot of fun to place your issues on, but I won't let anyone hang their hat on this peg. Not this time. 17 hours ago Instagram
Dunham said that the dog “was and is one of the great loves of my life” but that their aggression was unpredictable and unmanageable. They once shared a photo of their bleeding after Lamby had reportedly bitten her, and they wrote in their New Yorker essay that the dog bit their boyfriend. They ruined furniture, Dunham claimed, and sometimes even drank their own urine.
“Why should this story be subject to scrutiny and anger?” Dunham wrote Thursday. “It is willfully misunderstanding the truth. I hope those judging can imagine the incredible pain of letting go of your favorite creature on EARTH because you know you can't help them be healthy and happy. I would never say an unkind word about the staff of BARC, what they do is amazing and life saving for these animals- but we have different accounts of Lamby's behavior and they were not present in my home nor did they live with them for an extended period. They did not witness the consistent and responsible care I provided.
Dunham said that of all the “micro-scandals” they have experienced, “this one hurts MOST.”
Earlier this year, Dunham adopted two bronze-colored poodles named Karen and Susan, both of which they flaunted on a recent appearance on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon. The actor and writer often features rescue dogs that need adopting on their Instagram page and has been a prominent advocate for animal welfare.
“We are deeply grateful to Lena and Jack for finding Lamby a loving home where they can do just that,” Michelle Cho, a spokesperson for the Humane Society of the United States, told Yahoo. “Lena is a wonderful advocate for dog adoption and hope they will continue to use their platform to spotlight the homeless animal crisis and urge their legions of fans to consider rescuing.”
Last month, after Dunham told their fans that Lamby had gone to doggy rehab, their new owner Dani Shay posted about the situation on Instagram.
“Thank you Lena, for rescuing Lamby and being a dedicated parent/angel to him,” Shay wrote. “I'm sure you know how much they love and appreciates you. And yes, it's true, they do still drink from ‘the golden tap' now and then, but that's our weird little boy! He's working on it.”
therealdanishay 372 likes 25 comments Hi, @lenadunham . Lamby says "Hello!" and "Boww, bow!!" to you, @jackantonoff , and the entire @Matt_THEZENDOG Team. Thank you Lena, for rescuing Lamby and being a dedicated parent/angel to him. I'm sure you know how much they love and appreciates you. And yes, it's true, they do still drink from "the golden tap" now and then, but that's our weird little boy! He's working on it. :) We practice everything they learned at #THEZENDOG , plus swimming and fetch, on a regular basis. Like you, I've hesitated to talk about my experiences with re-homing. I know firsthand how painful it is to let go of a pet, or to have to change course, especially after bonding and working so hard with them. When Ali and I decided to part ways, and they moved back to NY to be on Broadway, we had to consider what would be best for Honey, our sweet pit bull. We discussed options at great length. Even though it hurt to imagine someone else having Honey, we agreed that, for many reasons, they would be happiest and most supported if we found them a new home. We hoped it would be with someone we knew and trusted. Coincidentally and very luckily, my good friend @stefanie_paulette was looking to adopt a female pit (specifically!), around that time. Now Honey lives in Denver, where they frequent grassy fields with other big playful dogs. We got to be with them when they were healing from surgery, and helped them into the next chapter of their life. I guess what I'm saying is, it's a gift to care for an animal, at any capacity. They feel our hearts' intention to love them, even when changes are needed, and they love us back. They can often thrive in new homes, if the transition is executed thoughtfully and responsibly by everyone involved. So thanks again for sharing Lamby with me, and being their first home out of the shelter.  They are loved, learning new things, and cracking me and my friends up all the time. I adore him. Love, Lamby's Other Parent, Dani 2 weeks ago Instagram
national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Morning Mix newsletter Stories that will be the talk of the morning. Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You're all set! See all newsletters
More from Morning Mix:
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Benjamin Netanyahu has turned to a 14-year-old Arab peace plan in trying to project a softer image internationally for a new governing coalition in Israel widely seen as more hardline toward Palestinian statehood.
Israel's new Defence Minister, Avigdor Lieberman (C), head of far-right Yisrael Beitenu party, reviews an honour guard during a welcoming ceremony at the Defence Ministry in Tel Aviv, Israel May 31, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun
In what some political commentators and opposition politicians called spin but a spokesperson for Netanyahu dubbed “an important development”, the right-wing prime minister said on Monday the 2002 Saudi peace initiative had “positive elements”, although some revisions would have to be made.
They drew new attention to Arab countries' past offer of normal relations with Israel, in return for a full withdrawal from occupied territory where Palestinians seek statehood, at a time when they are trying to counter a French push for an international conference on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Netanyahu's partial embrace of the Arab plan comes after far-right politician Avigdor Lieberman was sworn in as defense minister in a broadened coalition on Monday, an appointment that has raised concern at home and abroad.
Israel fears it could face strong world pressure for concessions towards the Palestinians once foreign ministers, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, convene in Paris on June 3 in preparation for a full conference in the autumn.
“The Europeans are gathering ammunition, the danger is real. (Netanyahu) is bracing for all this with a regional initiative that has cost them only words for now,” political commentator Ben Caspit, a frequent critic of the Israeli leader, wrote in the Maariv newspaper.
The Palestinian Foreign Ministry accused Netanyahu of playing a “public relations game.”
However, the U.S. State Department, which last week said Israel's new right-wing coalition raised “legitimate questions” about the direction of Israeli policy, reacted positively to the Israeli prime minister's comments.
“We welcome them. We welcome their stated support for a two-state solution,” State Department spokesperson John Kirby told reporters in Washington, referring to a longstanding formula for a Palestinian state co-existing with neighboring Israel.
“We continue to call on both sides ... to demonstrate with policies and actions their commitment to the two-state solution and we are ready to support them in any way,” they added.
Asked why Netanyahu may have chosen to speak in favor of the Arab Peace Initiative now, Kirby replied: “I don't know.”
Lieberman, who also spoke in English on Monday with an international audience in mind, said they concurred with Netanyahu's comments on the regional peace proposal.
But Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the kingdom doubted Netanyahu's remarks would soon revive Israel-Palestinian negotiations.
“It's a little early for one to assess the seriousness of the Israeli side to begin talks based on the Arab peace initiative,” they told a press conference in Riyadh on Tuesday.
“When the Israeli prime minister spoke about it, they spoke about some clauses that they consider positive, not about accepting the initiative as the basis of talks.”
A spokesperson for Netanyahu declined to discuss what changes Israel might seek in the initiative, which speaks of a “just solution” for Palestinian refugees but whose terms were softened in 2013 to include possible land swaps between Israel and the Palestinians.
Zeev Elkin, a minister in Netanyahu's cabinet, said on Israel Radio that any division of Jerusalem under the plan - Israel captured the eastern part of the city in the 1967 Middle East war - is “certainly not acceptable”.
Netanyahu has also said Israel would never relinquish the strategic Golan Heights, territory it annexed in 1981 but which the world considers occupied Syrian land.
Roll Tide is right.
The University of Alabama is set to capitalize on its success over the last five years by signing one of the nation's most lucrative multimedia rights deals with Learfield Sports worth at least $150 million to $160 million over 10 years.
The extension of a long-term relationship between the Crimson Tide and Learfield will now run through June 30, 2024. Alabama,
{podcast} SBJ Podcast:
College writer Michael Smith and Executive Editor Abraham Madkour talk about Alabama's lucrative deal with Learfield Sports, as well as Northwestern Mutual's presenting sponsorship with the Rose Bowl.
which has been with Learfield since 1998, took advantage of an opt-out in its previous deal to renegotiate. The school, which did not talk to other companies, could make even more money through a revenue-share — on top of the guarantee — if Learfield's sales top certain thresholds.
The new financial terms of $15 million to $16 million a year double Alabama's guarantee previously and put the Tide among the top three schools in multimedia rights revenue behind Texas and Notre Dame, both of which have unique TV arrangements that boost their overall figure.
“A lot of things have changed since the last time we negotiated a deal,” said Bill Battle, Alabama's athletic director. “This option gave us a chance to look around the marketplace and see how things look now versus five years ago. Alabama has been on a pretty good roll since then.”
The Tide has won three of the last five college football national championships, which drives up the value in Alabama's property and provides the rights holder the opportunity to develop additional inventory.
“We've been there a long time,” Learfield CEO Greg Brown said of the relationship with Alabama. “In the early days of the relationship, football wasn't as good and there were some challenges. But even then, the business did very well and we're very confident in the long-term strength of the brand. When you think about Alabama's stability and continuity, it's almost unlike any other in college sports.”
The deal was the first at Alabama for Battle, who became AD in March 2013. They reopened talks with Learfield last fall and hired Tom Stultz of JMI Sports to consult with the school. Stultz formerly worked at Host Communications and IMG College on the rights-holder side of the business.
Alabama decided to keep its contract with Learfield virtually the same, except for the increase in the annual guarantee. The only significant difference is that Learfield will not have rights to Alabama's third-tier football and basketball games, which now are controlled by the SEC Network.
One of the reasons the deal is so valuable compared to other schools is because Learfield controls several rights that are not typically included in multimedia agreements. Those rights include concessions, pouring rights, isotonic beverage, seat rentals and merchandise, which combined can account for 25 percent to 30 percent of the revenue from the property.
Pouring rights, concessions and isotonic are usually sold by the school, not the rights holder. Learfield sold pouring rights to Coca-Cola, isotonic to Gatorade, and concessions to Centerplate, and those deals will continue, Brown said. Learfield's other rights include traditional multimedia inventory like radio, corporate sponsorship, hospitality, print, signage and other advertising. The Tide does not plan to add alcohol sales inside the stadium, Battle said.
As part of the renegotiation, Alabama will make improvements to its concession areas and point-of-sale signage in Bryant-Denny Stadium by adding TVs and possibly some LED signage in the concourses. Those electronic additions will provide Learfield with new advertising inventory.
“That will make it look better,” Battle said. “The concessions under the stadium look pretty archaic. If you're out there for any length of time, you lose touch with what's going on with the game. The TVs will help that.”
Alabama football has won three of the last five national championships.
Alabama's athletic department reported revenue of $143.4 million for the 2012-13 fiscal year, according to the Department of Education, and the new Learfield deal will boost that figure once it begins in 2014-15.
Texas led the nation in 2012-13 total athletic department revenue at $165.7 million. Texas, which has its multimedia rights with IMG College, makes $15 million annually from ESPN for the Longhorn Network, while its more traditional multimedia rights generate close to $10 million, for a total of $25 million a year.
Notre Dame's rights are splintered — NBC has home TV football, IMG College has radio, and its corporate sponsorship is sold internally. The Irish's total multimedia revenue is believed to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million annually.
Comparing multimedia deals is difficult because what rights are included can vary from one deal to the next, but among schools with traditional multimedia rights deals and no network affiliation, Alabama's new deal will make it the clear leader. Ohio State and Georgia each make close to $11 million a year from IMG College, but neither deal has as many rights as Alabama's.
“Alabama was able to stay with its rights holder and got full market value,” Stultz said.
Learfield shares the Alabama contract with IMG College in a joint arrangement, but Learfield owns majority share of the deal and controlling interest.
Here are two perspectives on the Tea Party movement that offer tea some sympathy. Both writers are alive to an important trend, the degree to which privilege among Democrats (and there is a clear class break between blue states and red ‘uns) has separated them from populist concerns– including the concern that their children will be killed in Afghanistan. Visionary Milton Friedman wanted this to happen by eliminating the draft; they wanted the elite not to have to decide to murder its own children; and they have got their wish.
First Chris Hedges, “The Phantom Left,” at truthdig:
The Rally to Restore Sanity, held in Washington's National Mall [last Saturday, Jon Stewart and Stephen Coulbert], was yet another sad footnote to the death of the liberal class. It was as innocuous as a Boy Scout jamboree. It ridiculed followers of the tea party without acknowledging that the pain and suffering expressed by many who support the movement are not only real but legitimate. It made fun of the buffoons who are rising up out of moral swamps to take over the Republican Party without accepting that their supporters were sold out by a liberal class, and especially a Democratic Party, which turned its back on the working class for corporate money.
Justin Raimondo at The American Conservative says the tea partiers are the heirs of the antiwar movement that Obama sold out:
How The Strain Season 3 Is Setting Up For The End Of The Series By Mike Reyes Random Article Blend It's hard to believe that The Strain is already heading into its third season, with tonight's premiere bringing the vampire action in New York back to our screens for the first of the presumed last three seasons. With just 30 episodes planned to end the series, the creative team has their eyes on the prize, with a clear beginning, middle, and end always planned out. However, as co-creator and writer Chuck Hogan will tell you, the path to that ending is ever evolving. I recently had the pleasure of speaking with Hogan and their work on The Strain, the series that he'd co-created with horror / fantasy mastermind Guillermo del Toro. With the move to a 10 episode season comes questions of why a series would scale back its production, and in the case of FX's vampire action-drama, the move to a shorter season was made to jump-start the charge towards the end. Hogan explained the motivation as follows: We went from 13 episodes to 10, and I feel it supercharged the story-telling in every facet. Now that the mystery of what's been going on, and how "The Strain" is spread in NY, we've played that out and now the threat is real. And we've got our characters no longer trying to figure out what's going on, but actively trying to fight against it. This season is pretty much wall to wall, crazy stuff. With earlier seasons of The Strain setting up the world and the lore of the Strigoi, the Ancients, and The Master, you could consider those first two seasons as "Act I" to The Strain's overall story arc. Which means that Season 3 is poised to stand as the "Act II" arc that propels the action and gives "Act III" the momentum it needs to finish strongly. Should the television adaptation stay loyal to the original source material, that ending will be strong indeed. Also, trimming a show's episode order from 13 to 10 episodes can decrease the reliance on "filler" episodes, trimming the story to a lean and mean through line that's easier to follow. Though, much like the ever evolving adaptation has shrugged off some of the original twists from The Strain's printed incarnation, the plan to adapt the three book series into five seasons of TV may not always stand firm. Even Chuck Hogan knows this, as even they don't know exactly when the drama will end. In fact, the original plan to bring The Strain to TV screens wasn't even that extensive, as they recounted the following path to production: When we first pitched it there was a three-year plan. That became a five- year plan. I really don't know. Along with everything else in the show, everything's on the table. While the end has always been in sight for Chuck Hogan and those involved with The Strain's production, it's comforting to know that while the events to close the show are already plotted out, the pitfalls and obstacles that will line the path are enough to keep the journey interesting. The Strain returns to infect your Sunday nights, tonight at 10 PM EST, only on FX. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Donald Trump during a rally Wednesday in Sunrise, Fla. (Evan Vucci/AP)
Years ago, Donald Trump built their political brand by questioning President Obama's background and demanding they release records. Today, Trump has declined to release many of the same records that they once encouraged others to release.
[Trump demanded Obama's records. But he's not releasing their own.]
Here are eight that The Washington Post has asked Trump to release:
1. Tax returns: All major presidential nominees since 1976 have released their tax returns. Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton had earlier released returns from 2007 to 2014 and released their 2015 return Friday.
2. Gov. Mike Pence's tax returns: Clinton's running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, also released their tax returns from the past 10 years Friday. Aides to Pence have not said whether they will do the same.
3. Melania Trump's immigration records: Given Trump's firm opposition to illegal immigration, questions have been raised about Melania Trump's journey to becoming a U.S. citizen. Trump indicated earlier this week that their wife plans to soon release documentation at "a little news conference." That news conference has not been scheduled, and Trump has not released documentation of their wife's path to legalization. It is unknown what kind of work visa Melania Trump first received and when, or how they received their green card.
4. Documentation of charitable giving: David Fahrenthold of The Washington Post has repeatedly asked Trump to provide documentation of the millions of dollars they have claimed to have given to charity.
5. College application and transcript: In 2012, Trump insisted that President Obama release “his college records and applications.” Trump has yet to do the same.
6. Passport application and records: In 2012, Trump also challenged Obama to release their passport application and records. Trump has not released those, although they did release their birth certificate.
7. Medical records: Nominees have frequently released their health records. In 2008, Sen. John McCain released more than a thousand pages of medical records. In July 2015, Clinton released a two-page letter from their doctor with the results of several lab tests. In December, Trump released a four-paragraph letter from their personal doctor stating that a recent medical examination “showed only positive results" but didn't get into much detail.
8. Full documentation of military deferments: During the Vietnam War, Trump received five deferments, including one 1-Y medical deferment in 1968 because of bone spurs. The Post has asked Trump to provide a copy of the doctor's letter that led to that deferment.
A top Obama adviser is demanding that Americans who fled Cuba's communist regime be "held accountable" for opposing Obama's disastrous pro-Castro policy.
A top Obama adviser demanded on Friday that Americans who fled Cuba's communist regime be “held accountable” for opposing Obama's disastrous policy toward the island nation's dictators. Ben Rhodes, the author of the Obama administration's policies easing sanctions on dictators in both Iran and Cuba, declared that opponents of Obama's pro-Castro policy must be “held accountable” for opposing Obama-era policies that lined the communist regime's pockets while doing little to help the Cuban people who have been oppressed for decades by the Castros.
Flanked by Cuban dissidents and victims of the Castro regime's oppressive rule, President Donald Trump on Friday announced that their administration would be rolling back a series of pro-Castro policies enacted in the waning days of the Obama administration.
[Obama] made a deal with a government that spread violence and instability in the region,” Trump said, “but now those days are over.”
“The previous administration's easing of restrictions of travel and trade does not help the Cuban people. They only enrich the Cuban regime.”
Trump invited Luis Haza, a Cuban-born violinist whose father was executed by the Castro regime when Haza was a child, to play the U.S. national anthem before the audience.
Trump also invited a woman who was once imprisoned by the Castro regime to join them onstage as they took a strong stance against the Obama-era policy that enabled Cuba's leaders to starve their own people without consequence.
In Miami, Trump invites a woman who "was imprisoned by the Castro regime 15 years ago" to join them on stage https://t.co/lRt9XLrmkL — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) June 16, 2017
Ben Rhodes, a former Obama deputy national security adviser and architect of Obama's soft stance towards dictators who jail dissidents, lashed out on Twitter against the Castro regime's victims, saying they should be “held accountable.”
The few people in Miami enabling Trump in carrying out this charade should be embarrassed/ held accountable. They could care less about Cubans — Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) June 16, 2017
Rhodes, who also declared that people who escaped communist rule in Cuba just don't understand the country as well as they do, did not explain what they meant when they said refugees who fled Cuba deserved to be “held accountable.”
As many people on Twitter immediately pointed out, Rhodes' response was ridiculous and flat-out false:
"The few people in Miami…" Ignorant and telling statement. Cuban American community despised Obama policy.https://t.co/CqroeM9pNw — Elliott Schwartz (@elliosch) June 16, 2017
Right, what would this woman know about anything? https://t.co/RyWTPDHdMs — GO PACK GO (@PeteScottPPool) June 16, 2017
good to see this authoritarian impulse out in the open. https://t.co/GoN1JMFA9U — David Harsanyi (@davidharsanyi) June 16, 2017
Would think Cuban exiles oppressed under Castro regime have at least some standing to speak out… https://t.co/fPLbe50tLq — Josh Kraushaar (@HotlineJosh) June 16, 2017
Rhodes' rhetoric demanding some unspecified punishment of minorities who had the audacity to oppose the previous administration's Cuba policy comes on the heels of Wednesday's politically motivated terrorist attack against Republican members of Congress. Rep. Steve Scalise (R-La.) remains in critical condition after being shot by a progressive Democrat activist who opened fire on the elected officials at a public park as they prepared for the Congressional baseball game, a bipartisan annual tradition.
In the wake of the shooting, many progressives condoned the terrorist attack on Republican lawmakers. The vicious attack followed months of increasingly violent rhetoric from progressives, many of whom admitted that they believed violence against their political opponents was justified.
A review of the Ben Rhodes' Twitter feed shows that the former Obama adviser is yet to condemn the attempted assassination of Republicans. They instead spent the day tweeting about Cuba and attacking the president and their family.
The questionnaire thing asked what I would want 100 of, and I said "100% completion in catching all Pokémon". With that, my SS took it and ran, and delivered the perfect gift for one of the biggest caffeine addicts that they have probably never met.
I got an awesome mug with the original 151 Pokémon, as well as a 1 lb bag of Deathwish Coffee. I've had Deathwish before, and it is definitely one of those things that you have to try. It is a dark roast that is similar in strength to what I would normally order when I go to Starbucks - a red eye (black coffee with a single shot of espresso).
I also learned by talking to my secret santa that we have a lot in common, and are passionate about similar things. I'm so thankful for what they sent, and hope to interact with them in the future.
Last weekend I planned to attend the Cherry Blossom Festival at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. So around noon, I checked Flickr for photos of the festival. I wanted to see the weather, the crowd size, and who was at the annual celebration of Japanese culture. But I couldn't find any photos. I headed off this festival prepared only with a normal weather report and a sense of adventure.
And that's bullshit.
And now I sound like the guy in Louis C.K.'s “everything is amazing and nobody's happy” routine, right? Give the photos a minute to come back from space? But listen, I knew, three hours into the festival, there were hundreds of photos somewhere on the Internet, because there are always hundreds of photos of the Cherry Blossom Festival. Everywhere, people are photographing themselves, their friends, the plants, people in costume. When I was there, no one could go five minutes without snapping a pic.
By the end of the day, dozens of photos from the festival were on Flickr. But they took hours to get there. That's because most Flickr photos come from traditional, non-Internet-connected cameras. You have to go home, or at least sit with a laptop, to upload those. So when I checked halfway through the festival, nothing had shown up.
People had already uploaded hundreds of photos, of course—it's just not easy to tell where. Instagram has no search function (the app only searches by user and hashtag), and third-party Instagram search engines are broken and incomplete.
Theoretically, we could have an up-to-the-minute photo database of any popular location. We'd just need Instagram to include more metadata by default and allow users to sort by location (or let a third-party app do the same).
If we were properly organizing the photos we're already putting online, I could see how a festival was going, and Google Maps could show me all the photos taken from the Eiffel Tower in the last five minutes. I could even see if a popular bar is crowded without any official system. We'd be able to see the world right now, as clearly as we see its past on Google Street View, as quickly as news spreads on Twitter.
We have the data and the technological infrastructure, but we're stuck because no developer can access all the data.
If anyone was going to deliver these capabilities, it would be Flickr. In 2006, it was the canonical destination for photos. If you wanted to see photos of a certain place or subject, that's where you went. But Facebook replaced Flickr as a social network, killing it on the desktop, and Instagram released a simpler mobile app, killing it there too. That would have been fine if Facebook and Instagram kept their photos data-rich and fully exportable. But both services give fewer tagging, grouping, and other sorting options, and they built their photos into incompatible databases. Facebook won't organize photos any way but by human subject or uploader. Instagram has just a few view options and focuses solely on the friend-feed.
We're photographing everything now, building this amazing body of work, but we're getting less and less out of it.
We do get some benefits from not having one monopoly in charge of photo sharing: Instagram did mobile better than Flickr, Facebook can link a photo of someone to their whole social profile, and Foursquare efficiently arranges photos by location. These advantages, however, have replaced Creative Commons licensing, advanced search, and any other tool that relies on treating the world's photo pool as a mass data set rather than a series of individualized feeds.
Twitter, Tumblr, and Imgur siphon off bits of the photo market without giving them back into the mass set. Meanwhile, any photo service that dies off (RIP Picasa, Zooomr, Photobucket) becomes a graveyard for photos that will probably never get moved to a new service.
Why are we giving up this magical ability to basically explore our world in real-time? The bandwidth is lower than streaming video; the new-data-point frequency is lower than Twitter; the location sorting is less complicated than Google Maps or Foursquare. But no one service has an incentive to build this tool, or to open up its database for a third party. Instead they only innovate ways to steal market share from each other. Flickr recently downgraded its mobile app, removing discovery options and cropping photos into squares. The new app is an obvious Instagram imitation, but it won't help Flickr recapture the market. If any photo service beats Instagram, it won't be by making data more open.
Our collective photo pool suffers from a tragedy of the commons, where each service snaps up our photos with as few features as it can, or by removing features. (Snapchat, for example, actively prevents photos from joining the pool by replacing the subscription model with a one-to-one model, efficiently delivering photos straight from my camera to your feed.) We are giving our photos to these inferior services, they are making billions of dollars from them, and what we're getting back is pathetic.
The best agnostic tool we have is the archaic Google Image Search, which doesn't effectively sort results, doesn't distinguish between image sources, and doesn't even touch location search. The lack of agnostic metadata is keeping us in the past. As Anil Dash pointed out in 2012, the photo pool (like blogs and status updates) is becoming fragmented and de-standardized. Everything we're putting online is chopped up by services that don't play well together, and that's bad for the user.
Dash wrote, “We'll fix these things; I don't worry about that.” I do. I don't think technology has to work out right. We can build expressways where we should have built bullet trains. We can let an ISP monopoly keep us at laughable broadband speeds. We can all dump our memories into the wrong sites and watch them disappear in 10 years. We can share postage-stamp-sized photos on machines capable of streaming 1080p video.
Even if we do fix this, it will not be retroactive. There are stories about whole TV series lost to time because the network stupidly trashed the original reels. Now that we take more photos than we know what to deal with, we won't lose our originals—we'll just lose the organization. When Facebook and Instagram are inevitably replaced, we'll be left without the context, without the comments, without anything but a privately stored pile of raw images named DCIM_2518.JPG.
Just a heap of bullshit, really.
Note: This story has been updated for clarity.
Photo by Kamal Zharif/Flickr (CC BY-SA 2.0)
The mother of Roula Yaacoub cannot believe till now that their daughter left definitely this world for being beaten till death by their husband.
Roula's mother said that their daughter who lives with her, their husband Kalam al-Bazy and their five daughters, was often assaulted by their husband and when they try to interfere, Roula used to stop them and ask them not to.
Halba's citizens were mostly angry when rumors said that the husband may come out of jail to take part in the funerals and burry their wife in their family's cemeteries.
Citizens blocked the road to protest and threatened to bring the body from Hospital al-Youssef. In fact, that's what happened and Roula came home for the last time to say goodbye to them mom.
Roula passed away but many like them are still beaten by their husbands. Isn't it time to rescue them and approve the law that is in the parliament's drawers since years?
Melanoma treatment called revolutionary MEDICINE
Anders Norlin at their home on Friday August 19, 2011 in Mill Valley, Ca. Anders Norlin, 55 is a local patient participating in clinical trails for a new drug to treat melanoma, a drug that was approved Wednesday by the Food and Drug Administration, months sooner than expected. less Anders Norlin at their home on Friday August 19, 2011 in Mill Valley, Ca. Anders Norlin, 55 is a local patient participating in clinical trails for a new drug to treat melanoma, a drug that was approved ... more Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Melanoma treatment called revolutionary 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Thirteen years after federal regulators last approved a new drug to treat advanced melanoma, the Food & Drug Administration has given the green light to two revolutionary drugs in the past five months to treat the deadliest form of skin cancer.
Researchers say the developments make this an exciting time for those who see the possibility for controlling a disease that today is diagnosed in about 68,000 Americans annually and kills more than 8,700 people in this country each year.
"A year or two ago, melanoma treatment wasn't like it is in this moment," said Dr. Adil Daud, director of UCSF's Melanoma Program.
Zelboraf, approved Wednesday, attacks a genetic mutation found in about half of melanoma patients, inhibiting the disease's ability to spread. The drug, which comes in a pill, was developed by Berkeley's Plexxicon and is being marketed by South San Francisco's Genentech and Daiichi Sankyo.
A diagnostic test to determine whether patients carry the mutation was approved at the same time. Genentech officials said the approval process for the test, developed by Pleasanton's Roche Diagnostic Laboratories, and the drug - five years from start to finish - marked the fastest approval for any drug in the company's history.
In March, the FDA approved another late-stage melanoma treatment, Bristol-Myers Squibb's Yervoy, which acts to trigger the body's anticancer immune response.
"For people with metastatic melanoma, their life expectancies have been measured in months," said Genentech spokesperson Krysta Pellegrino. "In the past year, you have two new medicines that are completely new types of medicine."
Effective for some
Yervoy was found to extend patients' lives, an improvement over many current treatments. However, the drug works for less than 20 percent of patients, and doctors say they can't predict which patients will find it most effective.
Zelboraf was clinically effective in 50 percent of patients who had a specific genetic mutation called BRAF V600E. Most of the therapies for melanoma work for less than 20 percent of patients, and some fall into single digits.
Mill Valley resident Anders Norlin, 55, who was diagnosed with melanoma in 1995, knew their options were running low after they had several recurrences of the disease and, two years ago, was diagnosed with late-stage melanoma. They underwent surgery and various treatments, but in April 2010 learned the disease had spread to a kidney.
It turned out Norlin had the mutation and was a candidate for the Zelboraf clinical trial. They began taking the drug in August 2010 and has seen their tumors shrink significantly or even disappear entirely.
"It's been working for me very well and I'm very fortunate I was selected for this trial," said Norlin, who runs a leasing company out of their home and is the married father of two young-adult daughters. "If I hadn't been, who knows what would happen."
Norlin described their side effects as relatively mild - joint pain, skin hardening and hair loss. He's pleased with the result, but aware of the drug's potential limitations: "There's nothing that says this medication will help you forever."
Their oncologist, UCSF's Daud, is already considering Norlin and other patients for a second trial which would combine Zelboraf with another cancer-fighting agent now in the early testing phases.
"I don't pretend for a minute this is a panacea or a cure," Daud said. "There's a lot of work that needs to be done to figure how the response can be made durable or forever."
Early approval
Genentech officials said they expect Zelboraf to be available to patients in less than two weeks. The FDA approved the drug well ahead of expectations in late October.
Both Zelboraf and Yervoy are expensive. Zelboraf will cost $9,400 a month - $56,000 for a standard six-month course of treatment, according to Genentech. Bristol-Myers said it would charge $120,000 for a complete course of Yervoy treatment, which lasts three months.
Tim Turnham of the Melanoma Research Foundation said they expect insurers to cover the cost of life-saving drugs, especially for cancer patients who - until now - have had very few options.
"Researchers turned AIDS from a death sentence to a chronic illness," said Turnham, executive director of the nation's largest advocacy group for melanoma research and patients. "Through a combination of drugs, that's what we hope will happen with melanoma."
About melanoma Melanoma, if not caught early, is the most deadly of all skin cancers and is the fastest-growing cancer in the United States and worldwide. Here are some facts: Risk: One in 50 Americans has a lifetime risk of developing melanoma. Frequency: Melanoma is the most common form of cancer for young adults 25 to 29. Location: Melanoma is often seen on the skin, but can also develop in the eye, digestive tract, brain or spinal cord, or other areas where melanocytes, or pigment cells, are found. Other types: Non-melanoma skin cancers are usually referred to as basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma. These skin cancers are most often treated with surgery because they do not normally spread to other parts of the body. Source: The Melanoma Research Foundation
Frame-Based vs. Time-Based Game Loop
Before we start building, we need to consider how to tackle the game loop. In general, the game loop advances gameplay elements and renders the game world as often as it can. However, there are a number of approaches to the game loop that must be considered first. Specifically, should the game loop be frame-based or time-based?
A single update to the gameplay elements is commonly called a tick or a step. Each time the game is rendered is a frame, and the time between two frames is known as the delta time. The basic approach when building a game is to design game objects to update in discrete steps — for example, the player game object may move 3 pixels along the x-axis each tick.
Simply updating as quickly as possible can cause problems. The delta time for each frame is not always consistent, so if game objects are configured to move in discrete, consistent steps, the game will appear choppy. There are three approaches to resolving this issue.
Use a variable delta time. Advance everything in partial steps based on delta time rather than in whole steps. Set a fixed delta time. Limit rendering to a specific time interval so that game elements can still be stepped discretely. Decouple frames and steps. Rather than update and render simultaneously, separate them so that physics can update based on a set time interval and rendering can happen as fast as the device allows.
Each of these options has pros and cons. Using a variable delta time allows both rendering and physics to update as fast as the device can possibly process it. This method, called the time-based method, is based on the idea that the time between any two frames is not going to be consistent, so adjustments need to be made so that game time matches time in the real world. Out of the three options, this one has the best potential for making the game feel smooth, as it can generate more frames on faster devices. The time-based method also ensures that the game runs at the same pace, regardless of the speed of the device on which it is running. A slow device, for example, might need to step 1.5 times more often than a normal device; a fast device might step only 0.7 or 0.8 times.
Allowing any value of delta time can result in all kinds of strange behavior. Consider a fast-moving game object approaching a wall. If the game is running on a slow device, or if rendering hangs up, the delta time will be bigger. If it is big enough, applying delta time can cause the fast-moving object to pass right through the wall. It never actually collided with the wall, it just moved right past it. This issue can be resolved by limiting delta time or implementing a sweeping collision detection algorithm.
Setting a fixed delta time, on the other hand, isn't prone to the same problems if the physics are carefully planned (terminal velocity, for example, can prevent an object from flying through a sufficiently large wall). Because every step is guaranteed to be the same size, systems of the game are more stable. Other problems arise, however. Game-time no longer matches real-time, and runs faster or slower depending on the speed of the device on which it is running. Spikes in CPU usage can cause the game to slow down, because steps are tied to frames. This close coupling of steps and frames is called the frame-based method.
The last option is to decouple frames and steps, which is a kind of hybrid approach. Steps are allowed to be discrete and are set to a specific time interval, while rendering happens at its own pace. Faster devices can render more often, but don't speed up game time. Slower devices can't render as often, but don't slow down game time (unless the device is extremely slow or steps take longer than rendering). A game loop using this method might look like this:
- (void)update:(NSTimeInterval)deltaTime { processingTime += deltaTime; // Step as many times as possible -- save the remainder for later while(processingTime >= timePerStep) { [self update]; processingTime -= timePerStep; } [self render]; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 - ( void ) update : ( NSTimeInterval ) deltaTime { processingTime += deltaTime ; // Step as many times as possible -- save the remainder for later while ( processingTime >= timePerStep ) { [ self update ] ; processingTime -= timePerStep ; } [ self render ] ; }
Especially with a small timePerStep , this method is a good option, as it allows faster devices to display all the frames and slower devices to display only what it can, while making game-time match real-time. Physics can be processed in stable increments. The downside to this approach is that every once in a while, the number of updates in a single frame might differ from usual as the remainder adds up, which will cause a jitter. One way to solve this issue is to interpolate between steps when you render. Another is to lock rendering to some multiple of timePerStep — for example, to design the game to run at 60Hz and lock the rendering to 120Hz, 60Hz, or 40Hz depending on the detected capabilities of the device.
So, what's the best method?
For this engine, I will be going with a strictly frame-based approach. The iPhone already has locked screen rendering to 60 times per second, and has a convenient CADisplayLink method for hooking the game loop directly into the screen rendering cycle. Delta time should be close enough that the difference between frames should be imperceptible, especially considering that this engine is designed for 2D games that shouldn't be complex enough to slow down the processor. If the engine were going to be 3D and more computationally intensive, I would probably go with some variation of the third option.
Here's the game loop I'm using for my implementation of the engine. Stepping and rendering happen one-to-one in the active scene.
The Sri Lankan subspecies is the largest and also the darkest of the Asian elephants, with patches of depigmentation—areas with no skin color—on its ears, face, trunk and belly. Once found throughout the tear-shaped island at the bottom of India's southern tip, these elephants are now being pushed into smaller areas as development activities clear forests and disrupt their ancient migratory routes.
The herd size in Sri Lanka ranges from 12-20 individuals or more. It is led by the oldest female, or matriarch. In Sri Lanka, herds have been reported to contain nursing units, consisting of lactating females and their young, and juvenile care units, containing females with juveniles. The Sri Lankan elephant population has fallen almost 65% since the turn of the 19th century. Today, the Sri Lanka elephant is protected under the Sri Lankan law and killing one carries the death penalty.
1
Donald Trump's so
-called infrastructure plan is a huge giveaway to Wall Street that fails to create the million s of jobs we need to modernize our roads, bridges, water systems, rail, airports, levees and dams. At a time when the American Society of Civil Engineers says we need to spend $2 trillion
above currentspendinglevels
just to get ou r infrastructure b ack to a state o f good repair, Trump actually
cuts
direct federal spending on our crumbling infrastructure by nearly $145 billion over the next decade. This would force state and local governm ents to shoulder more of the financial burd en for our infrastructur e needs at a time when they can least afford it.
Just like Trump's “health
care” bill is actually a $231 billion tax cut for the top 2 pe
rcent, their infrastructur e plan would c reate $200 billion in
new
tax loopholes and other giveaways for wealthy investors, and it would
reward
corporations that have stashed their profits overseas with huge tax cuts.
Under Trump's proposal, billionaires on
Wall Street, wealthy campaign contributors and even foreign governments would receive hundreds of billions in tax breaks to purchase our highways, airports and water treatment plants. They would then be allowed to impose huge new tolls and fees on the backs of American commuters and homeowners.
The reality is that Trump's plan to sell off
our nation's highways, bridges
and other vital infrastructure to Wall Street, private investors, and foreign governments is an old idea that does not work.
Trump's plan
to rebuild America relies heavily on the u se of public-private partnerships to finance infrastructur e projects with private equity capital. Such financing, whether through private equity or traditional tax-exempt municip al bonds, is repaid by ordinary citizens through a combination of taxes and user fees. Private equity financing is markedly more expensive than traditional government financing, however
–
by as much as three to six times. Considering the scale of infrastru cture developmen t under consideration, that difference could be enormou s. For example: the charge for a $100 million-dollar investment using traditional governmen t bond financing (at 3 percent, over 30 years) is about $90 million. For private equit y capital, at a 15 percent return, the total skyrockets to $450 million . [i] For example, in Chicago, a private investor group led by Morgan Stanley will c ollect $11 billion as part of its 75-year contract to
run the city's parking meters
. Not only have they raised parking prices by as much as 800 percent in some neighborhoo ds, but incredibly, the city has been forced to pay $31 million and counting to cover lost revenue whenever a street is temporarily closed for maintenance. Chicago is a
lready struggling with high crime and unfunded teachers' pensions, yet it is
Koreans in Vietnam is a community of Vietnam with a population of Korean expatriates along with Vietnamese citizens of Korean ancestry. The population initially came in a military capacity, fighting on both sides of the Vietnam War. After the end of the war, there was little Korean migration or tourism in Vietnam, until the rise of the South Korean economy and the decline of the North resulted in an influx of South Korean investors and North Korean defectors, as well as South Korean men seeking Vietnamese wives.[2][3] As of 2011, according to statistics of South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, they numbered roughly eighty thousand people, making them the second-largest Korean diaspora community in Southeast Asia, after the Korean community in the Philippines, and the tenth-largest in the world.[1] A more recent estimate from Vietnam Television says their population might be as large as 130,000.[4]
Vietnam War [ edit ]
The areas of responsibility of the South Korean army in Vietnam as of December 1966
Both North and South Korea lent material and manpower support to their respective ideological allies during the Vietnam War, though the number of South Korean troops on the ground was larger.[5] Then-South Korean president Syngman Rhee had offered to send troops to Vietnam as early as 1954, but their proposal was turned down by the U.S. Department of State; the first South Korean personnel to land in Vietnam, 10 years later, were non-combatants: ten Taekwondo instructors, along with thirty-four officers and ninety-six enlisted men of a Korean Army hospital unit.[6] In total, between 1965 and 1973, 312,853 South Korean soldiers fought in Vietnam; According to Korean sources, they killed 41,400 North Vietnamese Army soldiers and 5,000 civilians.[5] There were cases of war atrocities in which those that were revealed during the war were promptly investigated with the perpetrators punished.[7] Others indicate that they were routinely unpunished, with widespread "My Lai Massacre-style massacres" having taken place.[8] Controversy still remains as there are more alleged crimes that may not have been revealed. There were also thousands of children of mixed Korean and Vietnamese descent.[9] Korean Presidents have repeatedly apologised and expressed regret on the issue,[10] and South Korean civil groups and individuals have taken a pro-active effort in reconciliation,yet there is no compensation happened.[11]
As a result of a decision of the Korean Workers' Party in October 1966, in early 1967 North Korea sent a fighter squadron to North Vietnam to back up the North Vietnamese 921st and 923rd fighter squadrons defending Hanoi. They stayed through 1968; 200 pilots were reported to have served.[7] In addition, at least two anti-aircraft artillery regiments were sent as well.[12]
Post-war migration [ edit ]
South Koreans [ edit ]
Four years after the 1992 normalisation of diplomatic ties, South Korean trade and investment in Vietnam grew rapidly.[2][13] Following along with the investment funds, the South Korean expatriate community in Vietnam has grown significantly. According to Chang Keun Lee of the Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Vietnam, Koreans formed the country's second-largest group of expatriates, with only the Taiwanese expatriate community being larger; they estimated that half lived in Ho Chi Minh City.[13] Statistics from South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade show that their population has grown by nearly fifty times in little more than a decade. Their population more than trebled from 1,788 in 1997 to 6,226 in 2003, then jumped to more than thirteen times that size—84,566—by just six years later. However, in the two years after that, the population would only grow by a further 4% to 88,120.[14][1] Some anti-Korean sentiment also exists, fueled by decreases in promised investment, reports of poor treatment faced by Vietnamese migrants in South Korea, and the 2008 murder of a Hanoi National University student by their South Korean boyfriend.[15] As both two countries also share common heritages and over 1/4 Koreans have Vietnamese descent, South Korean investors soon take a strong influence in Vietnam.
South Koreans have established a number of community organisations in Vietnam, including Koviet, a group for second-generation Korean youth raised in Vietnam, founded in 1995[16]
North Koreans [ edit ]
North Korean defectors often pass through Vietnam on their way to South Korea.
Before 2004, thousands of North Korean defectors had crossed Vietnam's northern border to find the way to reach South Korea. Until 2004, Vietnam was described as the "preferred Southeast Asian escape route" for North Korean defectors, largely due to its less-mountainous terrain. Though Vietnam remains an officially communist country and maintains diplomatic relations with North Korea, growing South Korean investment in Vietnam has prompted Hanoi to quietly permit the transit of North Korean refugees to Seoul. The increased South Korean presence in the country also proved a magnet for defectors; four of the biggest defector safehouses in Vietnam were run by South Korean expatriates, and many defectors indicated that they chose to try to cross the border from China into Vietnam precisely because they had heard about such safehouses.[3] In July 2004, 468 North Korean refugees were airlifted to South Korea in the single largest mass defection; Vietnam initially tried to keep their role in the airlift secret, and in advance of the deal, even anonymous sources in the South Korean government would only tell reporters that the defectors came from "an unidentified Asian country".[17] Following the airlift, Vietnam would tighten up border controls and deport several safe-house operators.[3]
Education [ edit ]
Vietnam's first school for South Korean nationals, the weekend Hanoi Hangul School, was founded on 1 March 1996, enrolling 122 students at the kindergarten through middle school levels; two Korean international schools offering a full-day programme were also later established, the Korean International School, HCMC in Ho Chi Minh City (founded 4 August 1998, enrolling 745 students at the kindergarten through high school levels); and Hanoi Korean International School [ko], a smaller school in Hanoi (founded 13 July 2006, with 63 elementary-level students).[18][19][20] Prior to the opening of the Korean international school in Hanoi, most Korean families in Hanoi sent their children to local schools, as the other international schools were too expensive.[21][22]
International marriage [ edit ]
South Korean men started seeking wives in Vietnam. Two to three thousand South Korean marriage agencies were created which specialise in making such matches. Though in the 1990s, most were farmers, an increasing number of urban men have also resorted to arranging marriages through international matchmaking agencies; they cite the difficulty faced by uneducated men or those with low incomes in attracting South Korean women to marry them.[23] As of 2006, as many as 3,000 Vietnamese brides left with new South Korean husbands every year.[13]
See also [ edit ]
Odd Objects
Gloves of the Fire Juggler
Wondrous item, uncommon
These leather gloves each have a large flat ruby embedded in the palm. While wearing them, your hands are invulnerable to heat damage of any kind.
As a bonus action, you can produce a small orb of flame from a glove, which produces bright light in a 30-foot radius, and dim light in a 60-foot radius. The orb will burn indefinitely while in contact with at least one glove. You can hurl an orb up to 30 feet as an action.
A thrown orb will continue emitting light for three turns after it lands. If you aim the orb at a creature, make a ranged weapon attack. On a hit, the target takes 1d10 fire damage, and the orb fizzles in a puff of smoke.
Wondrous item, uncommon
These purple silk slippers are adorned with silver buckles in the shape of footprints. While wearing them, your speed is increased by 10 feet.
As an action, you may use the slippers to project a pair of spectral feet up to a range of 40 feet. The feet can walk around freely up to your speed up to 80 feet away, and press down with a force equal to your weight. While moving, you can choose to have them remain silent or emit noises identical to your own footsteps.
Belt of More-of-the-Same
Wondrous item, uncommon
This simple leather belt is notable for a bright gem on its buckle. While wearing it, one of your ability scores is increased by its own modifier, to a maximum bonus of +2 and a maximum score of 20. The ability score is determined by what gem the belt has.
Ability Score Gem Strength Ruby Dexterity Emerald Constitution Onyx Intelligence Sapphire Wisdom Amethyst Charisma Diamond
Dario's De-Curse Dressing
Wondrous item, uncommon
This rather pungent lacquer comes in a glass jar emblazoned with a cartoonish visage of its inventor, Dario Giovanni. A single jar of dressing holds enough liquid for 30 uses.
When applied to a cursed item, that item loses the ability to curse anyone for 12 hours; however, anyone already suffering under the curse's effect remains cursed.
If the dressing is applied once every 12 hours for seven straight days, the item is affected as if it were targeted by Remove Curse.
Punching Gauntlets
Wondrous item, uncommon
This brass assembly fits over one or both arms. Whenever you make an unarmed attack while wearing the guantlets, you may add 1d4 force damage to the attack.
The Punching Gauntlets also have a cursed counterpart, the Puncturing Gauntlets. These gauntlets are identical; however, every time you use their ability, the DM secretly rolls 1d10. On a 1, the gauntlets drive several needles into your arms, dealing 4d4 Piercing damage and becoming unremovable until dispelled with a Remove Curse effect. Every time you make a melee attack while pierced by the Puncturing Gauntlets, you take an additional 1d4 Piercing damage.
Conversant Conjuration Codex
Wondrous item, uncommon
This book appears to be an ordinary, blank journal. However, any writing on its pages disappears after a few minutes. The only words that do not disappear right away are short, simple questions.
The book is in fact an intelligent being that feeds on pen ink. It can provide information it knows by "writing" responses to written questions.
In addition, the journal has a rudimentary knowledge of conjuration magic. Once per day, if it is well-fed, the book can materialize a simple, nonmagical item you draw in its pages, such as a length of rope or an unlit torch.
Impervious Cord
Wondrous item, uncommon
This magical rope is found in coils of 50 feet; however, units of any length may exist, up to 500 feet. Impervious Cord resembles normal hempen rope, with a single glimmering silver thread running through the weave.
Impervious Cord is unbreakable. When a knot is tied in the cord, it becomes rigid. A creaturer may use an action to make a DC 20 Strength check to bend a rigid cord. If more than 800 pounds of force is applied anywhere on the cord's length while it is rigid, it goes slack.
Panaceallin
Wondrous item, uncommon
This medicine, derived from a common mold, appears as a cloudy white liquid and is administered via syringe. A single vial contains enough medicine for 5 doses.
After taking a dose, the patient suffers mild convulsions and aches across their entire body, becoming incapacitated for 24 hours. During this period, rest becomes difficult, and a long rest only restores half the hit dice it normally would.
After the medicine runs its course, the patient is cured of all poison and disease effects.
Power and How to Topple It
Another excellent essay by David Pollard on a strategy for defeating the present corporatist system.
The third way to bring about major global change is incapacitation — rendering the old order unable to function by sapping what it needs to survive. This is the method that disease uses to prey on fragile and vulnerable organs, that parasites and venomous creatures used to weaken and sometimes kill their (much larger) hosts, that terrorists use to paralyze their enemies, and that innovative businesses use to undermine, render obsolete and supplant bigger, less flexible businesses. For those of us with neither the patience or religious fanaticism to wait for a global natural catastrophe, nor the naivety to believe in a successful ‘popular' revolution, this third way is the only way to change, and save, our beleaguered planet.
….Actions that are aimed to incapacitate are called guerrilla (meaning ‘little war') actions. Since the Vietnam war debacle in the 1960s the very term has struck fear in the hearts of the power elite, because they know that, in today's heavily concentrated, centralized, interconnected, ‘grid-locked' society, this is where they are most vulnerable, most powerless to defend themselves.
This is a time-honored strategy in many different left-decentralist traditions, and passes under a variety of names. Perhaps the most well-known is the Wobbly slogan “building the structure of the new society within the shell of the old.” Proudhon expressed something like it in General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century, as the mutualist economy growing within the statist one until the former eclipsed the latter. The political would eventually be absorbed in the economic and social, and the distinction between public and private would wither away. Paul Goodman described the process this way:
A free society cannot be the substitution of a ‘new order' for the old order; it is the extension of spheres of free action until they make up most of the social life.
This statement by Gustav Landauer is also a good one:
The State is a condition, a certain relationship among human beings, a mode of behavior, we destroy it by contracting other relationships, by behaving differently toward one another…
The process of incapacitation, as Pollard describes it, has four components:
1. Identify the vulnerabilities: Fragility, overconcentration, ignorance, arrogance, lack of diversity, centralization, lack of redundancy, popular disgust, anxiety, dissatisfaction or apprehension, ill-preparedness, lack of agility, overcomplexity (left hand doesn't know what the right is doing), lack of imagination and creativity, etc.
2. Acquire resources stealthily: Put together what you need without letting your target know you're doing so, or even what you are capable of doing with them.
3. Develop solutions that exploit the vulnerabilities.
4. Rigorously assess the likelihood of those solutions working effectively (incapacitating the incumbent power), and deploy only the high-probability solutions, quickly, before the incumbents have time to react and defend themselves.
In Part Two, Pollard describes in detail some non-violent ways of fighting this guerrilla war.
The focus will be on new technology, new infrastructure, new models and new processes that replace the vulnerable ones that are the causes of so many of today's global problems — and ensuring that these replacements are Open Source, and stay in the hands of all the world's people.
As a paradigm for the successor society, Pollard cites the “village society” advocated by Freeman Dyson in their mind-blowing Wired interview. The villages, based on decentralized energy and information technology, and open-source innovation (including biotech, which I find problematic), will be able to sustain themselves and network with each other independently, for the most part, of the existing corporate economy.
Pollard insists, perversely, on referring to the process of incapacitation and replacement as “the collapse of the market economy.” But in my view, the successor society they envision has a much stronger and more legitimate claim to the “market” label than does the present corporate society they aim to replace. For example, consider this passage:
The first part of this guerrilla undermining of the corporatist-controlled ‘market' economy — the ‘making free' of information — is already underway. The war for free information between corporatists and people is occurring on multiple fronts: The attempt by large corporations to patent everything so it cannot be used by the people without paying an exorbitant and prohibitive fee; the attempt by large corporations to ban file-sharing without first paying extortion to the intellectual property ‘owner' (little of which actually goes to the artist); the attempt to make more of the information on the Internet ‘pay for itself'. But the people are winning this guerrilla war.
Although Pollard conflates “corporate-controlled” with “market,” in any war “between corporatists and people” the latter have by far the better claim to genuine free market credentials. In most of the cases they list in the passage above–patents on technology, file-sharing–it's clearly the corporations who are at war with the “market economy,” and the people who are defending it.
I do have some doubts concerning the presumed illegitimacy of making the Internet “pay for itself”; the “cost principle,” that the consumers of goods and services should pay the cost of providing them, has a venerable individualist anarchist pedigree. But I strenuously oppose attempts at a corporate “enclosure” of the Internet by the information equivalent of absentee landlords; far better to treat it as a social common. Nevertheless, to the extent that services cost something to provide, somebody has to pay for them–and that somebody should be the beneficiary.
Apparently, Pollard makes the common mistake of confusing the market with the cash nexus. Writing almost 36 years ago, Karl Hess proclaimed in The Libertarian Forum:
Libertarianism is a people's movement and a liberation movement. It seeks the sort of open, non-coercive society in which the people, the living, free, distinct people, may voluntarily associate, dis-associate, and, as they see fit, participate in the decisions affecting their lives. This means a truly free market in everything from ideas to idiosyncracies. It means people free collectively to organize the resources of their immediate community or individualistically to organize them; it means the freedom to have a community-based and supported judiciary where wanted, none where not, or private arbitration services where that is seen as most desirable. The same with police. The same with schools, hospitals, factories, farms, laboratories, parks, and pensions. Liberty means the right to shape your own institutions. It opposes the right of those institutions to shape you simply because of accreted power or gerontological status.
Or as Jesse Walker put it once on the LeftLibertarian discussion list:
I have a fondness for libertarian socialists of the Paul Goodman/Colin Ward type — the kind who see market exchanges and non-market forms of voluntary cooperation as interpenetrating each other, rather than regarding the cash nexus as overwhelming everything it touches.
Of course, I prefer to use the term “market” to encompass all forms of voluntary interactions, whether monetized or not. But the point is that a society based on market interaction might well look more like something designed by Ivan Illich than by Milton Friedman; a little more like The Farm than Galt's Gulch; a little more…. well, you get the idea.
Pollard's post contains an oddly disturbing anecdote. At a public informational event on wind power, presented by the Canadian government, Pollard describes the bizarrely negative reactions of one (to say the least) rather exercised fellow:
One extremely agitated gentleman kept trying to sabotage the day's events. Having all these local, piecemeal energy producers was ‘grossly inefficient', they said, and for that reason (and because they are ‘eyesores') they should be banned, in favour of large mega-farms of energy owned by private industry. Private industry would pick more ‘efficient' sites, get economies of scale, and they ‘knew the business' and would be motivated by profits to run these farms in a more businesslike way.
Again, the alternative energy advocates (aside–a big aside–from their government funding) were far more on the side of free markets than was that scary specimen.
Besides being so far off the high end of Adorno's F-scale as to be positively radioactive (is there such a thing as a Type-AAA personality?), that poor guy is utterly wrong. The distribution of energy through centralized networks is extremely costly and inefficient. With decentralized production of energy at the point of consumption, on the other hand, almost nothing is lost in transmission. If decentralized energy production were as “grossly inefficient” as they make out, it wouldn't have to be banned; it would lose out to more efficient competition from the utility dinosaurs. On the other hand, if centralized energy production for the grid is so “efficient,” why is it one of the most subsidized industries in existence? And while we're at it, private citizens voluntarily cooperating to produce their own energy is “private industry.” It's a hell of a lot more “private” than corporations that can't survive without suckling at the government teat. They “know the business” all right: like a rich courtier of Louis XIV, they know how “profitable” it is to have the king's ear.
Pollard continues:
This guy was utterly outnumbered on Saturday, but watch out — as word gets out that we can all be energy self-sufficient, and own our own ‘utility', getting energy at cost (which is plummeting), the energy companies will join the war on the other side. They have billions to lose, and will not stand idly by as the peasants take back the means of their own production.
Ain't that the truth! As the public utilities start to lose ground to people producing their own energy for themselves, we can expect them to discover all sorts of ways that this threatens the “public safety” and “general welfare.” It will likely follow a pattern similar to that of imported prescription drugs, which bogus “free market” advocates want to prohibit on grounds of “safety.” Even at present, many localities have “safety codes” requiring houses to be hooked up to the grid. Ernest Callenbach, in the fictional setting of Ecotopia Rising, described a further escalation of the same phenonmenon, as an increasingly desperate corporate system lashed out against the human-scale society replacing it.
“Public safety” and “general welfare” are the last refuge of scoundrels.
NOTE:
Dave Pollard, in response to my criticisms of their use of the term “market,” pointed out:
I try to always use “market” in quotes to indicate its (mis-)use as a euphemism for unregulated oligopoly. I love the idea of a free market for regulating prices.
May 2, 2014
Final Stats | Notes | Photo Gallery | Inside the Game
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 F Kansas State 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 TCU 0 2 1 0 0 1 2 0 x 5 Stat Leaders Pitching IP Hits Runs ER BB K TCU - Morrison (W, 7-3) 9.0 7 0 0 1 7 KSU - MaVorhis (L, 5-6) 6.2 9 5 3 1 0 Hitting AB R Hits RBI BB K TCU - Cron 4 1 4 1 0 0 KSU - Santigate 4 0 2 0 0 1
Preston Morrison continued their mound dominance Friday night as they tossed their second consecutive complete-game shutout to help TCU to a 5-0 win over Kansas State. Kevin Cron led the offensive surge with their first four-hit game of the season.
With its 13th shutout of the season, TCU ties the Big 12 Conference record held by the 2011 Texas Longhorns. TCU also extends its season-long winning streak to 10 games. In seven of the 10 wins, the Horned Frogs have held their opponent scoreless. TCU improves to 32-13 overall and 11-5 in league play. The Frogs sit just one game back of first place Oklahoma State in the conference standings.
Morrison (7-2) was absolutely dominating in their nine innings of work. Despite allowing seven hits in the game, the junior didn't allow a Wildcat runner to reach third base and never faced more than four batters in an inning. They finished the night with one walk allowed and seven strikeouts.
The Frogs got off to a 2-0 start in the second inning and never looked back. Cron opened the inning with a base hit. An error put two on with nobody out for Jerrick Suiter who doubled in the first run of the game. Dylan Fitzgerald followed with a base hit up the middle to drive in Garrett Crain with the second run of the inning.
Two out magic in the third helped the Frogs add to their lead. Boomer White started a two-out rally with a double to left field. Cron hit a high fly ball that got lost in the sunshine and fell just over the outstretched glove of the left fielder for an RBI-double and a 3-0 lead.
TCU added to its lead in the sixth inning, scoring a run on two hits. White led off the inning with a base hit and moved to third on a Cron single. Crain hit a sacrifice fly to center to drive in White with the fourth run of the game for TCU.
Kansas State had its only real opportunity to crack the scoreboard in the seventh inning after a walk and a base hit put two on with nobody out. Both runners took off on a double steal, but a snap throw to third from Kyle Bacak eliminated the lead runner for the first out. Morrison followed with a strikeout after battling from down 3-0 in the count. A foul out to left ended the inning without a run crossing the plate.
The Frogs carried the momentum into the bottom of the frame and score its final run of the contest. Again, two out magic was on tap as Cody Jones reached on an infield single. Derek Odell drew a walk to put two on. The duo executed a perfect double steal and the throw down to second bounced away, allowing Jones to score for a 5-0 lead.
Game two of the series is slated for Saturday afternoon at 4 p.m. Tyler Alexander will start for the Horned Frogs and face the Wildcats' Nate Griep. The game will be televised on FSSW and FCS.
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
Enlarge this image Permalink Email to a friend
Your name
Your email address
Recipients' email addresses (Up to ten, separated by commas.)
An abandoned dog is melting hearts in Mill Basin with its puppy-dog eyes.
Customers at the Mill Basin Bagel Café found the adult Yorkshire terrier tied up outside the Avenue N eatery on June 27. The dog had no tags and was in sad condition — its matted fur spattered with urine and feces — so the noble noshers whisked the Yorkie across the street to the Mill Basin Veterinary Clinic.
There the matted muffin got a bath, a haircut and a check-up courtesy of Dr. Amy Lipnicki, a veterinarian at the clinic, who lamented that this poor pooch was the second abandoned pet they have seen in the neighborhood in the past few weeks.
“Some people just don't go about it the right way,” said Lipnicki. “These poor little guys don't deserve that.”
The check-up gave a clue as to why the dog may have been abandoned — Lipnicki discovered that the terrier needs surgery to remove a bladder stone, plus additional blood tests, and medication for a heart murmur.
Lipnicki dubbed the cuddly canine Aloisius and set up a page on the fund-raising site fundrazr.com to gather donations to cover the $1,500 cost of their blood work, medications, and surgery.
Lipnicki also noted that Aloisius — described on the fund-raising page as an “intact male” — needs fixing in another way too, but they said that would be handled during the bladder surgery.
The Mill Basin Veterinary Clinic is offering dog lovers who donate $50 or a more free nail trim and ear cleaning for their own pets.
After Aloisius has surgery, the sensitive sweetie will still need a special diet — something Lipnicki is taking into consideration. She's is reaching out to a specialty dog food company in the hope of securing a small stockpile of food for the dog's future parents.
Also, Lipnicki said that any money collected in excess of the $1,500 needed for the immediate treatment will be set aside to help cover future medical costs to make life easier for Aloisius's new family.
“It's hard to take on an adult dog with a medical condition,” said Lipnicki.
Aloisius is downright elderly, in fact, estimated to be about 8–10 years old — or 56–70 in dog years — but Lipnicki hopes some family in the area will open their hearts to the tired terrier.
In the meantime, Aloisius is in foster care — showing that years of apparent neglect haven't dimmed the dog's affection for people.
“He's always right by your foot,” said their foster mother, Marquita Leys. “Whenever you turn around, there they are.”
Leys said Aloisius is actually quite well-socialized, and friendly with both kids and adults. And they said that even though Aloisius isn't a puppy anymore, they still deserve lots of loving.
“Older dogs need love too,” said Leys.
Donations for Aloisius can be made online at https://fu ndrazr.com /campaigns /co3B8?psi d%3D95fb03 66cfbf4315 b6c2d6f5c6 d3209f , or sent to the Mill Basin Veterinary Clinic, 6315 Avenue N, Brooklyn, NY 11234.
Reach reporter Vanessa Ogle at vogle@cnglocal.com or by calling (718) 260-4507. Follow their attwitter.co m/oglevane ssa .
Updated 11:48 am, January 16, 2019
©2014
Bard College will hold its one hundred fifty-fifth commencement ..
Click here to play
Bard College will hold its one hundred fifty-fifth commencement on Saturday, May 23, 2015. At the commencement ceremony, Bard President Leon Botstein will confer 420 undergraduate degrees on the Class of 2015 and 148 graduate degrees, including master of fine arts; doctor and master of philosophy and master of arts in decorative arts, design history, and material culture; master of business administration in sustainability; master of arts in teaching; master of arts in curatorial studies; master of science in environmental policy and in climate science and policy; and master of music in vocal arts and in conducting. The program, which begins at 2:30 p.m. in the commencement tent on the Seth Goldfine Memorial Rugby Field, will include the presentation of honorary doctoral degrees.
The commencement address will be given by Sherrilyn Ifill, president and director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc. Ifill will receive an honorary doctorate of laws. Honorary degrees will also be awarded to dancer and choreographer Arthur Aviles '87, neurobiologist Cori Bargmann, historian Anthony Grafton, and artist Kiki Smith.
It's another year in the NBA, and the Spurs seem to be chugging along just fine with a 21-5 record placing them second in the Western Conference only behind the Warriors.
Kawhi Leonard has taken another significant step forward, and has increased their scoring output from 21.2 points per game last year to 24.5 this season, with a career best PER of 27.2. Even with a bigger superior scoring load, Leonard has maintained superb efficiency and their 60.1 True Shooting Percentage ranks 11th among 60 NBA players averaging 16 points or more this season.
The Spurs have also recovered nicely from Tim Duncan's retirement by adding Pau Gasol, who made the All-Star team in their two previous years in Chicago, in the middle. Gasol has struggled early to fit in and Popovich benched them a few times at the start of the year in favor of better defensive options like Dewayne Dedmon, but recently has picked up their play and is averaging 15.4 points and 9.1 rebounds in their last seven games while making 8 of their last 14 three-pointers.
Along with the Warriors, Clippers and Jazz, the Spurs are one of four teams who rank Top 10 in both offensive and defensive efficiency – traditionally the hallmark of a high-level contender who expects to at least make the Conference Finals.
Many of the superficial signs look as good as ever. And there doesn't seem to be any reason to expect San Antonio to be any worse than it's been the past decade. But a look deeper into the numbers and how the Spurs have played reveals some troubling trends that the team may have a tough time fixing.
It's important to note that there's one person who is clearly aware of the fact that the Spurs have problems that need to get fixed… and that's Gregg Popovich. After the Spurs' loss to the Bulls last week Popovich made some revealing comments regarding the effort and execution of their players: “Our opponents have outplayed us physically and execution-wise in most first halves for most of the season… That's the disappointing part: We're not a very consistent team, and we haven't learned as a group that the game is 48 minutes. We also have some people playing very poorly. You have to participate in your own recovery. Some players have to play better.”
This is with the Spurs coming off a streak of winning 12 of their last 13 games.
It could be easy to attribute Popovich's quotes to the general crankiness displayed by NBA head coaches during the regular season, but the Spurs have bigger goals in mind than a relatively good streak in late-November or early-December. And at least by Pop's standards, the team isn't quite where it should be.
Unsustainable way of winning
This season in crunch time (with the score being within five points with five or less minutes to go in the game), the Spurs have outscored opponents by a ridiculous 34.7 points per 100 possessions and have a 13-3 record in those games.
Statistically, being great in crunch time is generally easily attributable to luck and teams don't tend to do better in close situations than they do overall – with a few notable exceptions among squads who actually clearly employ different lineups or strategies with the game on the line (such as the Warriors going with the death lineup when things get hairy).
The Spurs actually somewhat fit this bill, since they play Patty Mills over Tony Parker in certain situations and move away from Gasol to avoid the defensive liabilities they bring. Overall, though, San Antonio is just getting lucky winning close games and could be three to five games worse in the standings right now had the ball bounced another way. For the purposes of resting players later in the season, banking those extra wins is important, but it's easy to get complacent when you are winning games and that's clearly something Popovich wants the Spurs to avoid.
The process is more important than the result.
The biggest issue the Spurs are having right now isn't how they are winning games, but who is winning them.
A quick look through the plus/minus numbers shows that the Spurs are barely treading water with their starters on the floor. In fact, San Antonio has actually been outscored in the 315 minutes LaMarcus Aldridge, Parker and Gasol have been on the floor together.
The Spurs are gaining an advantage with the bench on the court, which is extremely atypical for contending teams. Normally your most played players are creating the advantage (that's why you play them the most!). It's not the case here. Compare this to teams like the Warriors and Clippers, who each have their starting players near the +20.0 mark, or even the Jazz who have Rudy Gobert and Gordon Hayward above +10.0 per 100 possessions. The Raptors and Rockets have Kyle Lowry and James Harden who always pull every lineup they play in near the +10.0 mark.
At a +5.1 Net Rating, Leonard currently has the worst plus-minus of their career. It's hard to have a good defense with both Gasol and Parker on the court together, and this has confused the advanced stats since San Antonio's defensive rating has been poor with Leonard on the court this season. Leonard ranks 22nd among small forwards in Defensive Real Plus-Minus, while in previous years he's always been the standard among wings.
What teams have figured out now is that they put whoever Leonard is guarding to the weakside corner so he's further away from the action, and putting Gasol and Parker into pick-and-rolls has been a great tool for opponents to put the Spurs in bad positions.
On both ends, the starting lineup has liabilities. Defensively, Gasol and Parker are well below average for their positions and offensively the Spurs lack another creator outside of Leonard. It's hard task to run a great offense in the modern NBA without a point guard who can shoot or penetrate, and Parker's ability to get to the rim has degraded rapidly.
One underrated reason to play small isn't just shooting, but the added skill and speed smaller players tend to bring. The reason to play two traditional bigs is to be great on the glass and protect the rim at an elite level a la Jazz with Gobert and Derrick Favors, but Gasol misses a ton of box outs and their teams have recently rebounded better without them on the court.
Is LaMarcus Aldridge overrated?
One interesting discrepancy between the basketball analytics community and mainstream analysis has been in valuing Aldridge.
For their career, Aldridge has a 53.5 True Shooting Percentage, which is about the league average, and they have peaked at around 56 percent even in their best years. Aldridge a reputation of being a great mid-range shooter, but has only shot around 40 to 44 percent each year from that area. The best mid-range shooters like Dirk Nowitzki and Chris Paul have always hovered (and even exceeded at times) 50 percent. Aldridge has been a good post-up player in their career and scored an elite 1.00 points per possession last season on a high volume, but this year they have slumped to 0.80 points, ranking them in the 41st percentile.
The best retort to Aldridge's mediocre efficiency numbers is two-fold. One, Aldridge has had big games in the postseason, most notably against the Rockets during the 2013-14 playoffs when they exploded for back-to-back 40-point games. Two, Aldridge has been the centerpiece of great offenses, so even if their numbers aren't that great team efficiency around Aldridge has been great.
As counterpoints, though, they have actually been less efficient in the postseason in their career, and even during the 2013-14 playoffs Aldridge only had a 50.9 True Shooting Percentage. The Blazers continued to be a great offense even without Aldridge immediately after they left, and their offensive rating has actually been higher without them during the past two years – a fact that is well-hidden this season since the Blazers haven't produced a good defensive possession in about three weeks.
Especially now that Aldridge is heading towards the back-end of their career, they are in a weird position defensively. Aldridge isn't quite fast enough to stay on stretch bigs or perimeter players on switches, and they don't look to protect the rim like a traditional center either. However, opponents have shot only 42.2 percent at the rim with Aldridge defending the play this season, and in previous years he's been really good at that statistic as well. That's a great sign going forward, since Aldridge has to move towards a center role primarily as they age.
It's slightly frustrating that they haven't developed a three-pointer since they can hit over 40 percent on a high volume a step inside the arc. The Spurs currently rank 25th in three-point attempt rate. With Leonard beasting on wings in the post, the spacing right now isn't great. Gasol and Aldridge are both shooting over 45 percent on three-pointers this season, but only attempting a combined 2.3 threes per game. Doubling that number could really help.
Imagining the playoff Spurs
Parker has taken another step back, and while their usage and scoring plummeted last season at least they managed to be efficient in their limited attempts. Parker can't turn the corner on pick-and-rolls anymore, and on switches they can't beat big men to the basket anymore. On attempts within five feet of the basket, Parker is shooting just 50 percent on only 2.8 attempts per game, when a few years back Parker was elite at 63 percent with twice the number of shots.
Mills is plainly better than Parker at this point and will play the lion's share of minutes in the playoffs.
During the regular season, teams tend to focus more on themselves when preparing for each game. In the playoffs, if there's a weakness to exploit, teams will keep going to that well over and over again (think Cavaliers setting picks with the player Stephen Curry was defending in the Finals to try and switch LeBron James onto them 40 times per game).
Forcing Gasol into pick-and-roll defense is that play for most teams, and putting them in space with the Warriors' shooters, Harden coming downhill off the pick or DeAndre Jordan running for lobs on the backside will most likely force the San Antonio to limit Gasol's minutes early on in the postseason.
If there's one legitimate criticism of Popovich's coaching in the playoffs, it's been that the Spurs have been slow to employ lineups with Leonard at power forward. Pop will likely be forced to that quicker this year, which means the Spurs need to find extra minutes at the wing. Jonathon Simmons could be the perfect piece since he's an athletic wing who can switch, but that's also a big responsibility for someone who fell out of the rotation by the end of last year.
The Spurs are still a good team, but in many ways they are thinner than ever before. The most played lineups aren't really that good, Manu Ginobili, Gasol, Parker and Aldridge are one year older, matching up in the playoffs is difficult and unproven guys like Simmons and Dedmon have to step up.
You can find Mika Honkasalo on Twitter @mhonkasalo.
Canada's prime minister calls early election Associated Press
Published: Sunday September 7, 2008
Print This Email This TORONTO  Canada's prime minister dissolved Parliament on Sunday and called an early election next month in hopes of strengthening their Conservative minority government's hold on power.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's party must win an additional 28 seats in the Oct. 14 election to gain a majority in Parliament.
The Conservatives unseated the Liberal Party in 2006 after nearly 13 years in power, but as a minority government the Conservatives have been forced to rely on opposition lawmakers to pass legislation and adopt budgets.
Analysts believe the Conservatives will have a better shot of winning than if they waited until being forced into an election by the opposition with a confidence vote when the Canadian economy might be worse off.
On Sunday, Harper visited Governor General Michaelle Jean and asked them to dissolve Parliament. The governor general is the representative of Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, who is Canada's head of state, but the position is purely ceremonial and obeys the wishes of the prime minister.
"Between now and Oct. 14, Canadians will choose a government to look out for their interests at a time of global economic trouble," Harper said after the meeting.
"They will choose between direction or uncertainty, between common sense or risky experiments, between steadiness or recklessness."
Harper has said they are running on economic issues and stresses their opposition to an energy tax proposed by the Liberals.
But Robert Bothwell, director of the international relations program at the University of Toronto argued the move was political.
"Harper is going for a majority government. That's really the only issue," they said.
Observers also say Harper wanted a ballot ahead of the U.S. election. Bothwell said if Democrat Barack Obama surges in the next month in the United States, it will help Canada's opposition Liberal party.
"It will be bad for Harper. Canadian politics don't exactly mirror those of the United States but if something happens in the United States it will find an echo in Canada," Bothwell said.
The vote will be Canada's third national ballot in four years. Electoral legislation that Harper helped enact after they came to power in 2006 fixed the date for the next election in October 2009, but a loophole allows the prime minister to ask the governor general to dissolve Parliament.
The Conservatives now fill 127 of the 308 seats in Parliament. The Liberals have 95, Bloc Quebecois 48, the New Democrats 30 and the Greens have one seat. Three seats are held by independents, and four are vacant.
Since becoming prime minister, Harper has extended Canada's military mission in Afghanistan. Canada has lost 96 soldiers and as the death toll approaches 100 the mission could become an issue in the campaign.
Harper also pulled Canada out of the Kyoto Protocol, which commits industrialized nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Liberal leader Stephane Dion, a former environment minister who named their dog Kyoto, wants to increase taxes on greenhouse gas emitters.
The city manager for Norfolk, Virginia, has been forced to resign due to allegations that they knew about light rail cost overruns but failed to inform the city council. The senior vice president for development of Norfolk's transit agency, Hampton Roads Transit, has also quit in response to allegations that their mismanagement led to the cost overruns.
When Flickr user DearEdward took this photo in July, 2008, Hampton Roads Transit was promising to start operating Norfolk's light rail in December, 2009. Now it has postponed the opening to late in 2011.
They follow the transit agency's previous general manager, who was forced to quit a year ago when the cost overruns first came to light. Meanwhile, Hampton Roads Transit has announced that the light-rail line is not only $106 million over budget, it is at least 16 months behind schedule. The most recent scheduled date for opening the line, May 2011, has been postponed indefinitely because of delays in delivering and installing safety equipment.
Norfolk wanted to use the light rail as the centerpiece for turning its downtown into a New Urban community “where people can work, shop, eat, and play.” That dream is also falling apart, as Farm Fresh, a major supermarket that opened downtown just three years ago, has announced that it is closing. Norfolk's downtown now features “hundreds of empty condos, apartments, and storefronts.”
The officials who have been forced out of office complain that it is unfair that they were targeted for criticism, and perhaps it is. After all, nearly all light-rail lines go over their projected costs, yet officials and planners are rarely called to account for the overruns. Perhaps the Norfolk officials' real failing was in failing to manage the media to make people think the project was successful no matter what the cost.
Consider, for example, Charlotte, North Carolina. Although Charlotte's Lynx line is roughly comparable in length (9.6 miles) and cost ($460 million) to the lines in Minneapolis (12.3 miles; $715 million) and Houston (7.5 miles, $400 million), Charlotte's carries only about a third as many riders as the other two. (Yes, the Lynx line is newer, but by their second full year's of operation, the Minneapolis and Houston lines both carried far more passengers than Lynx in its second year.)
Despite its anemic ridership, Charlotte officials have convinced many that their line is a great success and that Charlotte should build more light-rail and commuter-rail lines. The transit agency is nearly broke, but it wants the city to double the fee to a consultant that is helping it “creatively finance” the new lines.
The last post I wrote was in May 2016, which is quite some time ago. So much has happened since that I wanted to take a moment to check back in and update my -future- self (and any readers, I suppose) of my progress up to this point.
I think it's clear that I've hit my formative years, the years when my brain is finally reaching its final stages of development, my frontal lobe is definitely evolving; I'm making much better decisions and I'm actively participating in life, which is something that I could never have imagined before… In fact, every fiber of my being used to rail against that idea. I didn't believe in the society humans had set up, I didn't think any of it had a point, and I would've much rather died than participate in something I didn't believe in.
I think of all philosophical pitfalls, nihilism must be the scariest. To come to the belief that none of this matters, that we are indiscriminate specks of life in an infinite universe, that we exist momentarily and are crushed into oblivion, over and over again, that all the rules society has set up, all the things we are told we must do or must be, all of it, are just mumbles into an empty void, the sound garbled and dispersing as quickly as it was made, changing nothing, affecting nothing, being nothing.. It drowned me.
I couldn't breathe.
For a good year or two, I didn't leave the confines of my mind. I was on autopilot, I did the bare minimum necessary to survive, I sustained myself out of weakness, too fearful to end my life, too empty to live it. What I experienced of this world overwhelmed me with its pointlessness; I saw people getting into their cars in the morning and drive off to work and my insides burned at the ridiculousness of it, what was even real? Were they even real or were they just participating in the system on a higher level of autopilot than I was? Was anyone alive? Was anyone awake?
I had to wake up. And I tried. I flung myself off of cliffs and I jumped out of planes, I rode motorcycles at breakneck speeds down canyon roads and I drove off into the desert at 2 am and when I got to the middle of nowhere I screamed at the top of my lungs just to feel the sound reverberating through my bones and echoing over the empty landscape. I cut myself on knives and I got into fights with people bigger than me. I played with fire and got lost in the mountains and I almost drowned in the ocean when I got caught in a riptide and was saved only by a stranger in a red shirt whose face I can't remember. I did so many drugs it felt like my body was glitching; when I turned my head too fast it felt like I was leaving my soul behind me. I lost months of my life blacked out on drugs, punctuated only by the memory of standing in strange bathroom cells staring blankly into the mirror at my sunken eyes, cold shaky hands barely supporting myself on the ceramic tile sink. Other, colder memories are lost, I think, suppressed by my drug-addled brain in a desperate attempt to survive what I couldn't relive.. but the feeling lingers, blowing through my memories, cold hollow drafts of gut-wrenching pain and regret, whispering stories of goodbyes I never got to say, and things I'll never get to make right.
God, I'm so sorry.
I started speaking to a friend or two again. It was difficult to operate on an emotional level but I could speak to those who could communicate with me on an objective level. We talked about life, the futility of it all. A dear friend started telling me about studies of other religions and the practice of meditation. They gave me some books to read, taught me to meditate and took me to a temple. I saw peace and I wanted it. They would tell me about the value of emptiness and my curiosity was sparked. I didn't understand it. They told me that the value of the mind is much like the value of a bowl in that it's value lies in its' emptiness. My mind was full and I needed to empty it. I started meditating. I practiced clearing my mind and inhabiting my body. Feeling my existence and the weight of my presence, identifying and accepting the tortured thoughts of my mind-identity and distancing myself from it. Slowly I started to feel peace internally; I never knew how deafening the sounds of my thoughts could be. I thought it was society that was drowning me but turns out it was me.
Slowly, as I got better, I started readjusting my philosophy on life. I realized that the point of life was to live. And by live, I mean to be alive. It's for those moments when you are fully inhabiting your body; the energy of your presence crackling at your skin, joyful for this momentary experience, the physical existence of an infinite being. It's for the people you get to meet along the way, to laugh and enjoy their presence and to experience life with, to let yourself be vulnerable and present enough to feel all of it; the pain, the sadness, the suffering, the boredom… vulnerable enough to experience love and happiness.
I still have a long ways to go in terms of letting myself be vulnerable, but I've bought in and I am actively participating in life. It's still a struggle to not get disassociated from myself, to not find myself lost in a room full of people and separated from them by a wall of thought, wondering about the point of it all, but little by little I am learning to stay present, and I can honestly say, I am the happiest (and healthiest) I have ever been.
For anyone else who may be going through what I did, some books to read for the sanity of your soul:
The Power of Now – Eckhart Tolle (for your soul)
The Subtle Art of Not Giving A Fck – Mark Manson (for your philosophy)
The Defining Decade – Dr. Meg Jay (information for the 20s ‘what the fuck am I supposed to be doing' crisis)
Advertisements
December 23, 2014 by comelookatmychesthair
Because not everyone can rest upon their voluptuous chest hair laurels like yours truly, it's occasionally beneficial to enhance what little chest hair you've accumulated over the years with things like chest oil, tattoos, giant gold necklaces, nipple rings, fashionable cloth, and most importantly (for the purposes of this blog-post, anyway): engorged sinew.
What I'm basically saying is, if you're feeling less than endowed with regard to your pitiful chest hair package, then you should probably consider taking up the physical activity commonly referred to as “getting swole” to distract everyone from your chest hair deficit .*
I know what you're thinking, layperson: “What is this quote-unquote ‘getting swole' you speak of?”
First of all, hold the goddamn questions till the end, please.
Secondly, “getting swole” is just a really clever way of saying “pumping iron” or “getting pumped” or “expanding your muscular horizons” or even the far more mundane “lifting weights."
Personally, I like to get swole at least once a day, though some days I'm feeling particularly jazzed in the swole-gettin' department and I do it three or four times throughout the day. Instead of eating breakfast, lunch, and dinner, I eat "b-bar curls,” “tricep kick-backs,” and “alternating Arnold presses” (but also real food).
Unfortunately, because I can't help but get distracted staring at my own chesthaireoed - it's like mustachioed but for chest hairs - visage in the mirror, I can only work out for about ten minutes at a time (on a good day). Some might suggest that it's impossible to get thoroughly, effectively swole in ten-minute bouts of repeatedly picking up metallic objects, but frankly, I think the results speak for themselves.
(Cue the legions of swole brodoods informing me that the results in fact do not speak for themselves and that I am a weak, ugly fat person with tiny, baby-sized sinew bundles. YEAH, WELL, YOUR CHEST HAIR SUCKS, SO I WIN, YOU LOSE.)
“But King Chest Hair, why do you feel the need to get all swole when your legendary chest hair surplus is #2 on the Top 10 Chest Hairs of All Time!!! list?”
Did you not hear me the first time? When I said no questions until the end? Or maybe you just have terrible reading comprehension?
Having said that, I can totally see where you're coming from with this question. Obviously, I don't need to improve upon my chest hair perfection. Some might even say that I'm just kicking everyone else while they're down at this point.
I think it mostly comes down to my desire to be the most perfect me that I can be. I guess I'm kind of like the Batman of chest hair blog proprietors in that respect.
So how is it that I, King Chest Hair, have managed to transform my body into a totally swole living weapon of maximum masculinity? Simple. It all comes down to repetition and vanity muscles, folks. Heavy weights and compound exercises are all well and good, but they don't get to the heart of why we're all exercising - to look better. The aesthetic appeal of bulging viscosity that comes from high reps far outweighs the practicality of “being strong,” in my opinion. If I wanted to look like Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson (that guy who plays The Mountain on Game of Thrones season 4), I'd just dress up like a fucking redwood tree.
In short: It's all about that pump, fellers. Doesn't matter what the number is on the side of your shitty weights just so long as you pump and pump and keep on pumping until you literally pass out from high rep exhaustion. In fact, sometimes the lower the number, the better!
I've recorded a couple of my favorite - and most effective - exercises for your edification. Check them out below, and pay close attention to every little detail. They're all extremely important.
CHEST HAIR STRETCHES
You've gotta stretch, guys. It's the most important aspect of getting swole besides the act of getting swole, which is the actual most important part.
ARM FLAILS (BICEP/TRICEP)
This is a workout of my own creation. I call it “arm flails” for reasons that I assume are obvious (because you basically just flail around with weights in your hands).
THE KEY TO LIFTING HEAVY IS GRUNTING
Now, as I've already made painfully clear, lifting heavy isn't on my list of weightlifting priorities. However, that doesn't mean I don't take a stab at it every now and again.
In the above video, you'll see me pull a 52.5 lb dumbbell curl with undeniably perfect form. How'd I do it? Well, it wasn't through hard work and perseverance, I can tell you that; rather, it was by way of sheer force of will and my exceptional grunting ability. Grunting makes you lift more. FACT.
Some people will tell you that grunting of this caliber should be reserved for Olympic powerlifters and the like, but that's all bullshit, as far as I'm concerned. Grunting is for the people. Fuck those powerlifting elitists and their exclusionary tactics.
AB SUCKIES
“Ab suckies” - or “abdominal suck-sucks” - are a pretty simple way of getting just about the sweetest abs ever. All you've gotta do is suck in real hard, and then do that over and over again until you feel excruciating pain in your stomach and you puke up all the contents therein.
SHAKING YOUR SHAKE
Without a doubt, I do this workout more than any other. It's pretty self-explanatory. You make yourself a protein shake and you shake that fucking shake (up/down/up/down/repeat) until your arms feel like jello. You don't need a gym membership, an expensive home gym, rubber band bullshit, or what have you. All you need is two tubs of chocolate protein powder, a plastic container, a mixing ball, and some milk, and you'll be on your way to shaking the shit out of yourself.
See You on the Chest Hair.
-
(*It's a common misconception that bodybuilders shave their body hair to accentuate the massive, steroid-fueled muscles they've amassed atop their skeletal frames. WRONG. It's the other way around - chesthairless bitches are naturally drawn to the act of bodybuilding for the sole purpose of distracting from their pitiful chesthairlessness. Poor fucking bitches.)
Andy Friedman
Published in the August 2008 issue.
Robert Downey Jr.'s chocolate complexion, kinky short hair, and "hot damn!" cadence in the Vietnam satire Tropic Thunder is blood kin to the shoe-polish-stained cheeks, Brillo-pad pompadours, and declarative "yessum, massa!" of yore. Honky is still playing Negro. But once the lights dim, it's hard to tell what's more shocking: that Robert Downey Jr. is in blackface or that after about two minutes, you stop thinking about it.
Hollywood hasn't manufactured this kind of wide-release minstrelsy since that nice Jewish boy Gene Wilder delivered their hilariously inept and subversive strut with Richard Pryor in Silver Streak in 1976. (Unless you count the times African-Americans wore it themselves, like Spike Lee's black-blackface diatribe against nappy-headed racism in the 2000's Bamboozled, or the Wayans brothers' creepy paleface cross-dressing in 2004's White Chicks.) Time was, blackface was as common as Uncle Tom servants and jim crow laws. Even the transition from silent film to talkies wore its racism as a badge of honor, with 1927's The Jazz Singer best known for Al Jolson's ebony visage belting out "My Mammy." The most lily-white stars in Hollywood's firmament -- including Judy Garland and Bing Crosby -- were only too happy to rub on that inky greasepaint and shake their jazz hands while smiling with those big painted lips.
And once you were bedecked in bigotry, there were two options: ham it up like Stepin Fetchit (Amos 'n' Andy's white creators Freeman Gosden and Charles Correll, for example) or just wear the outfit but act the way you always do (Al, Bing, and Judy).
Downey mixes both, playing up stereotypes by declaring their love of crawfish and collard greens, but pulling back enough so it's not a shrill caricature. (Helping them to balance that act is black stand-up comic Brandon T. Jackson as a rapper-turned-actor who keeps busting Downey's chops about the mahogany charade, which gives them even more license to black it up.)
How does Downey pull it off? Singular talent. The Oscar-nominated actor has spent their career perfecting humor and pathos in equal measure. Which means that when, in Tropic Thunder, they play a dead-serious Australian Method actor who insists on taking a role originally written for a black man, what ends up parodied is the self-seriousness of Method acting and the Vietnam-movie trope of the chitlins-chewing Negro grunt. Blackface isn't the subject; it's the vessel.
And it doesn't hurt that he's in a damned funny film. Writer-director Ben Stiller uses the conceit of three self-centered actors making a Vietnam drama in Southeast Asia as their starting point for moviemaking mockery. And Tropic Thunder (August 15) is relentlessly, mercilessly, brutally hilarious.
Still, what major movie star wants to risk offending anyone -- especially a star who just rocketed into the blockbuster-franchise stratosphere with Iron Man? "If Downey thinks something is going to be offensive, it's going to tempt them to do it," says James Toback, who has directed three movies starring Downey, including Black and White, in which they cast the actor as a bisexual documentarian who makes a pass at an unsuspecting Mike Tyson (and almost gets pummeled).
Downey may be fearless, but he's also shrewd enough to know the difference between being racist and telling a joke about racism. In Tropic Thunder, minstrelsy is a curiosity, not a flash point -- precisely because the man in black is so cool.
Two members of the Massachusetts Department of Transportation Board of Directors on Monday said they are "reluctant" to put more money toward the Green Line extension project, and transportation officials unanimously supported a resolution that keeps project cancellation a major possibility.
This summer, transportation officials announced the estimated cost of the trolley extension through Somerville and into Medford had jumped from $2 billion to $3 billion and the MBTA estimated $742 million in "sunk costs" even if the state decides to cancel the project.
Members of the MBTA Fiscal and Management Control Board and the MassDOT Board indicated major reluctance toward chipping in more than the roughly $1 billion initially laid out, in addition to about $1 billion from the Federal Transit Administration.
"They're basically saying it's a good investment for the commonwealth at $1 billion, but it's not a good investment at more than that amount of commonwealth dollars," Transportation Secretary Stephanie Pollack summarized for reporters after members of both boards unanimously approved the resolution.
Asked what the chances are that the trolley extension would be built, Pollack said, "I don't want to predict."
Those holding the purse strings for the state said they would be reluctant to contribute additional Massachusetts taxpayer dollars for the increased project cost.
"I would be highly reluctant to invest any more money into this project," said Robert Moylan Jr., a member of the MassDOT board.
Betsy Taylor, another member of the board, said they are "reluctant to put additional money towards the Green Line extension."
Before discussing the resolution that would make the project contingent on funding from municipalities, developers and others, members of the MBTA's Fiscal and Management Control Board and the MassDOT board said they wanted local leaders to contribute.
"I keep hearing that you guys are going to put some skin in the game, and we're looking for that," said Russell Gittlen, a member of the MassDOT board, referring to leaders in Cambridge, Somerville and Medford.
Other means of achieving the project without an additional state expenditure would be through reducing the project's scope or finding more cost-efficient means of accomplishing the work.
In a Dec. 10 letter to Pollack, U.S. Rep. Michael Capuano of Somerville said they recognized that state officials faced difficult decisions, but urged that "any changes to the overall project should not prevent the delivery of long overdue, equitable transit options for residents living in the GLX area."
Capuano said they were proud of the role they played securing $1 billion in federal funds for the project. "I assume you will do everything humanly possible to ensure those hard-to-get Federal dollars are not 'left on the table,' " Capuano wrote.
Michael Norton contributed reporting.
Incapacitated with a broken ankle, reader lithium017 decided to spend their time doing something a bit more productive than spying on neighbors from their bedroom window: They built a Super Mario Bros. 3 beer pong table.
To be more accurate, the six-foot-long table can serve as both a surface for playing Beer Pong on and for playing Flip Cup, both at the same time if you'd like.
In this video, lithium017 walks us through the 100-hour process to create the table, which features the eight worlds from the game, all enemies (each world has ten enemies, two items and a Mario), seven Koopa Kids and Bowser on a castle at either end of the table and the seven Kings in the center of the table.
To play Flip Cup, players take up residence on each of the worlds, facing off against one another. To play Beer Pong, players set up at opposite ends of the table, placing the cups over the castles, starting with Bowser's face.
lithium017 created the table by printing out the images of the worlds, the items and the creatures as 4x6 photos and then manually cutting each out, ensuring that they followed the erratic lines created by the pixels.
Advertisement
The end result, as lithium017 puts it, is "simply awesome."
[Thanks Matt for tipping us off about your friend's creation.]
Villagers from Beit Iksa, on the outskirts of occupied East Jerusalem, reportedly have received notice from the Israeli military that they intend to seize 3,176 acres of land from the villages “for military purposes.”
The details of the seizures are scant at the moment, and the military is refusing all comment, but the villagers reportedly received a preliminary warning about the plan back in 2012, and today's notice reiterated the plans, with orders to vacate by the end of 2017.
Beit Iksa has seen better days, and the village already lost some territory in 2009 to a high-speed rail project. Their close proximity to Israel's Route 1 is seen as objectionable by many Israeli hawks.
Most of the village's land lies on the Israeli side of the West Bank barrier, and is unusable by the residents at any rate. It is unclear if the new confiscation is going to include area on the Palestinian side of the barrier.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Ace investor, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, Partner, Rare Enterprises said the ratings upgrade by Moody's earlier on Friday did not come as a surprise for them but, it could be for those who were criticizing efforts made by the Modi government to revive the economy.
Jhunjhunwala said they see the economy growing by 7.5-8.0 percent by next year. Most importantly, they said it is a recognition of the fact that however disruptive in the short term the measures were, all the actions which the government took were correct, bold and required, they said in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
It will lead to faster economic growth in times to come. “This upgrade is also in recognition by the Moody's that there is not going to be some big havoc on the fiscal side, and the direction which the government is undertaking is going to lead to higher economic growth, and it is also a befitting reply to critics of Modi government,” said Jhunjhunwala.
Coming to the impact on markets and India Inc., Jhunjhunwala said the mother of all bull markets has just begun and investors have nothing to worry about. Financials will be the biggest beneficiary including private, public sector banks from Moody's upgrade.
The biggest advantage to India Inc. from the Moody's upgrade, they said, is that it will allow India to borrow funds at a lower rate. Lot of funds which have a mandate to invest in countries with a specific rating can now invest in India.
It will also allow Indian companies who borrow most of their capital from abroad to get better rating which would be much cheaper. Now with influx of funds, investors should keep an eye on the investment cycle which could well add 100-150 bps to the GDP.
“In 2002-2003 the ratio of investment to GDP was 26-27 percent, it went up to 35-36 percent in 2008. I expect that kind of cycle. The investment has to revive in this country. If the ratio goes up to 34-35 percent, that itself would add 100-150 bps to the GDP,” said Jhunjhunwala.
Commenting on the elections, Jhunjhunwala said they are confident the ruling government will win Gujarat elections and 2019 general elections is still far away.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview.
Q: Does this come as a surprise to you?
A: It does not come as a surprise to me to the extent that I always said that whatever the government is doing is going to lead to higher growth and better conditions. It is only a recognition by Moodys.
Q: But what are the implications?
A: The implications are multi-fold. First, it will allow India and the government to borrow at lower rates. There will be a lot of participation of a lot of funds who by that mandate, can only invest in countries which have a certain rating. So a lot of pension funds will be allowed to invest in Indian tech and also Indian equity. Also, no local companies' rating can be greater than the sovereign rating. So it will allow a lot of companies, for example, Reliance does a lot of borrowing abroad. So Reliance Industries will be able to now get a rating on the bonds which are better and as good as the Indian rating.
Q: It is not only the cost but also the availability of funds.
A: And availability of more funds will automatically lead to lower costs. So this is the financial implication. But I think that is not so important. As a fact that there are two divided opinions in India that what will be the economic growth in the future and the disruption which was caused by demonetisation, goods and services tax (GST) or any of the reforms that government is doing, what will it lead to, especially after last year's gross domestic product (GDP) figure? At least I was from that camp that this was a temporary disruption. We have made a bottom and growth is now going to rebound in a big way.
Q: So you see that 7-8 percent GDP next year?
A: I surely see 7.5-8 percent. Most importantly it is, first we had the upgrading in the ease of doing business. The most important thing is it is a recognition of fact that however disruptive in the short-run, all the action that the government is taking is correct, bold and required and will lead to India's faster economic growth in the times to come.
Q: So do you think Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act (RERA), demonetisation, GST, all those things, we have made a bottom in terms of the cycle?
A: I think so. It is a recognition also. A lot of people are very much concerned on the fiscal side. This upgrade is a recognition by Moodys that there is not going to be some big havoc on the fiscal side. That does not mean that we may not overshoot the fiscal deficit provisions this year. But Moodys, long-term recognises that India's fiscal situation is absolutely good and will remain so.
Q: Do you think that we should not open champagne right now and wait for Standard and Poor (S&P) as well?
A: It is not that my opinion about India or the Indian stock market was going to change before Moodys upgrade and it is not going to change after Moodys upgrade. But it is one recognition of the fact that the direction which the government is taking and all the reforms that the government has done is going to ultimately lead to much higher economic growth, whatever may be the temporary disruption. And it is also a fitting reply to all the critics of the Modi government about the growth and its prospects.
Q: You mentioned about the bigger corporate to benefit. Which sector according to you will be the biggest beneficiary of this?
A: The biggest beneficiary is the financial sector, but the financial sector will then pass on these benefits to the lenders.
Q: Non-banking finance companies (NBFC) and all or the private banks?
A: All banks will benefit, not necessarily private banks. But when they benefit and when their cost of funds will be lowed, they will pass on that benefit to their borrowers. So therefore, everybody will benefit.
Q: Is it priced in? We are seeing a rally happening, we are almost at all-time highs. Do you think that this announcement is coming after the market has rallied?
A: We have risen from 6,800 to 10,400. We can correct. I will not be surprised if at some point we correct. But the bull market which I anticipate, the long, the biggest bull market in India, I think has just started.
Q: Will you put fresh money now, after this?
A: What I do, I myself do not know when I come. So I will not like to comment on it.
Q: But is it time to change sector allocation after this move or do you think it is a passing thing in the process?
A: I would like to speak on a very broad basis. I will not advise on all that.
Q: Earnings for you? How was quarter two?
A: We are come here to talk about Moodys and not about earnings.
Q: But if I talk only on Moodys, how do you think this entire thing will have an implication on GDP going ahead?
A: It will make cost of funds lower for India as a country and it will allow a lot of foreign capital to come into this country which is good. That will also help revive the investment cycle.
Q: The FII flows were the missing part in the last six months, eight months or even a year.
A: But they are investing double in the primary market and the bond market. So if I put Rs 500 crore in the IPO market and I sell Rs 200 crore, how can I be called a seller?
Q: But do you think this will have an implication of FIIs coming back into the Indian market? And then we will have both the flows, domestic and international?
A: It will allow a lot of FIIs, who by their mandate, especially pension funds and university endowments, who by their mandate could not invest in India, whether in equity or debt, unless and until you reach a certain level of grading. So you will have a lot of fresh capital, fresh funds coming. And ultimately, it will lead to more money coming.
Q: What are the key things you are watching out for in terms of growth in the economy going ahead? The investment cycle is picking up.
A: In 2002-2003 the ratio of investment to GDP was 26-27 percent. It went up to 35-36 percent by 2008. It anticipates that kind of cycle because investment has to revive in this country. Already you are seeing that now a lot of investments made in steel. So as capacity utilisation goes up, I see this investment ratio to go to 34-35 percent. That itself should add 100-150 points on the GDP.
Q: You also turned a bit bullish on the financial space, public sector banks. Do you think the public sector bank recap was a right move?
A: I thought it should have been done much earlier.
Q: And whatever people are talking about the fiscal deficit.
A: No, but the recap should be accompanies with some kind of change in the functioning of these banks on the labour costs and on the processes and systems.
Q: All these steps what government has taken and which are leading to the elections of course, there are murmurs around in the market, do you think, you remain very bullish on the Modi government?
A: Yes, I am bullish.
Q: Nothing in terms of the elections which are coming ahead? The murmurs talking about the Gujarat elections?
A: I think they will win Gujarat, there is no question about it. Now 2019 is still very far.
Q: And you remain very bullish on the Indian market?
A: I remain bullish.
Q: Will you change your portfolio? Will it be more tilted towards the financials right now?
A: I would not like to comment on my portfolio. I do not know myself what I do. It has just come today in the morning. We do not decide in one minute. I can say one thing that it is not only bullish for the financial sector, it is bullish for the country as a whole.
Q: Will the capex cycle pick up now that the cost of capital will be low? I remember Ridham also making a point to Latha yesterday that the cost of capital is now at a multi-decade low.
A: Right, so therefore your benchmarks. Your cost of capital has come down from, it was 12 percent, then you would not invest without a return of 18 percent. Now it has come to 7 percent, people invest with a barrier of 12 percent. So obviously that helps the capital cycle.
Q: But is it priced in?
A: What is priced in? What is not priced in? You cannot specify which is priced in or not priced in. These are journeys, these are not destinations.
Q: Do you think another rating upgrade should not be far behind because now we are picking up in terms of all these tax to GDP number.
A: Generally upgrades happen over, I do not expect any upgrade before two years. They are going to see the implications, actually implications what they have predicted and I think they will see the 2019 elections and then only, you can think of an upgrade.
Q: So you do not think another upgrade before 2019 elections?
A: I think unlikely before the 2019 elections because they are only now about 18 months away and they would like to see the political, one of the reasons we have been upgraded is also due to stable political situation.
Q: What do you think is a major reason for this upgrade? They mentioned about the public sector bank recap, they also mentioned about a lot of things.
A: I think there are so many items in a vegetable. So it is difficult to point to one specific thing.
Q: You also mentioned a lot of times that this is just a trailer for the Indian markets.
A: I think for India's growth, I have no doubt that India will grow double digit. And the reforms which have taken place, GST, RERA or the insolvency, the Make in India or Swachh Bharat, they are all steps, ease of doing business reform in the taxation system, since the Modi government has come, the tax to GDP ratio has gone from 16 to 18.
And by 2020, it can go to 20. 4 percent of GDP extra if you collect in taxes and Brazil is at 33. There is so much scope to improve it. The kind of money we will have. When all these factors come together, I will not be surprised if post 2020, we grow in double digits and I will be disappointed if India does not grow at double digits.
Q: That will be post 2020?
A: Yes, it will take 2-3 years to build it up.
Husband a right old grump? They could be one of thousands who have Asperger's without realising
Asperger's is a ‘high-functioning' form of autism where sufferers often have very high IQs
By ANNA MAGEE
When martial arts teacher Sandra Beale-Ellis discovered one of the children in their class had Asperger's syndrome, they set out to discover more about the condition.
‘I'd seen the film Rain Man, but that was the extent of my knowledge about autism,' says Sandra, 44, who lives in Herne Bay, Kent. ‘So I bought a book about Asperger's to read up about it.'
Autism is a developmental disability causing difficulties with communication and relating to other people.
Undiagnosed: Teacher Sandra Beale-Ellis was surprised to recognise some of the traits of Asperger's in their husband, Joe
Asperger's is a ‘high-functioning' form of the condition, where sufferers often have very high IQs.
Learning about its classic characteristics — social awkwardness, a love of detail and repetition, and a tendency for obsessions and collecting — Sandra was surprised to recognise some of the traits in their husband, Joe, 50.
Joe, who is the founder of Kent Karate Schools, a string of martial arts academies in Kent, owns hundreds of salt shakers they have been collecting since they were ten, which sit in neat rows in their house.  They are also obsessed with castles and runs an online tearoom review site.
Sandra grew more interested, and signed up for a postgraduate certificate in Asperger's. That was when the lightbulb moment came.
Recognisable traits: The film Rain Man, pictured, was the extent of Sandra's knowledge about autism - until they realised their husband had it
‘One of my tutors said people with autism and Asperger's often have sensitivity to light, touch, colour or taste,' says Sandra.
1 in 50: The number of men who have some form of autism
‘Joe hates clothes against their skin and would strip off to their T-shirt and underwear the minute they got home, even in winter. They hate the colour red and bright lights. I'd always called them Joe-isms. Now I realised they were signs of Asperger's.'
Joe was sceptical, but after two years of persuasion, they saw a psychologist and after a three-hour interview they were diagnosed with mild Asperger's.
But, incredibly, there was more to come. Though Asperger's is significantly more common in men than women, as Sandra sat in on Joe's interview they felt pangs of recognition.
‘It was like a checklist of my own past,' they say. ‘Like Joe, I love detail, order and lists.
‘I was in the top group for most subjects at school, but I didn't understand fashion or dolls or boyfriends, so was often left in the corner with my book. I didn't have any friends.'
In the two years after Joe's diagnosis, several people on the postgraduate course asked Sandra if they thought she, too, might have Asperger's.
Sure enough, in October 2010, they had a day-long interview with psychologists and was also found to have the condition.
‘I left the interview and burst into tears,' they say.
‘I went from feeling upset to angry to confused and sat there crying my eyes out.'
Big issue: There is a lack of understanding among GPs in spotting autism, meaning a third of adults with undiagnosed autism go on to develop severe mental health problems (file picture)
According to the National Austistic Society (NAS), one in 100 adults has a form of autism.
There are 225,000 adults living with Asperger's, most of whom don't know they have it because they can get by in mainstream life and hold down jobs.
While autism was first described by psychologist Leo Kanner 50 years ago, Asperger's wasn't recognised in Britain until 1994.
As a result, psychologists suspect the vast majority of undiagnosed adult autism cases will be those with Asperger's who grew up before the disorder was identified.
‘By now, we are getting the diagnosis of severe autism right,' says Dr Linda Buchan, consultant psychiatrist at the Sheffield Asperger's Syndrome Service.
‘But adults with Asperger's are slipping through the net because their symptoms are subtle and they may get by on their intelligence. That doesn't mean they're not secretly going through hell.'
The consequences of having Asperger's and not knowing it can be severe.
‘People can develop depression and panic attacks or what psychologists call meltdowns. That's where those with Asperger's use so much energy to act normally that they end up exhausted and unable to get out of bed for days. Even a small change in plans can shake them.'
A recent report by the National Audit Office found eight out of ten doctors admitted they didn't have enough knowledge or training in autism.
‘There is a lack of understanding among GPs in spotting autism,' says Sarah Lambert, head of policy at the NAS.
‘As a result, a third of adults with undiagnosed autism go on to develop severe mental health problems.'
Indeed, when Sandra persuaded Joe to see their GP they were met with dismissal.
‘He said to Joe: “Why do you want to know? You're successful, married, what's the point?” They didn't believe adults with autism even existed,' they say.
But Joe's diagnosis was a great relief, not least because it explained their sudden, unexplained rages that had plagued their relationship since the couple met and fell in love 21 years ago.
Of the 500,000 adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder, of which Asperger's is a part, 80 per cent are men.
As is common with many of them, Joe's condition manifested itself as an anger problem. ‘Joe would lose their temper for the strangest reasons,' says Sandra.
‘He never hurt me, but their language was hurtful and we had plenty of broken furniture and holes in the walls.
‘In the first few months there were moments when I thought about walking out.
‘Joe's family have a history of mental illness and I wondered at first if perhaps they suffered from bipolar disorder. But we were so connected from the very beginning that I couldn't seriously think about being without him.
‘Eventually, we worked out their triggers — tiredness, hunger and stress,' says Sandra.
‘We arranged our lives so the triggers didn't happen. The house was always impeccably organised and I stopped wearing red.'
Because Asperger's in adults is largely undiagnosed, many people may be married to someone with the condition and be unaware of it, suffering rows that could have been avoided with a diagnosis, says Dr Buchan.
‘People with Asperger's struggle with emotional displays, so their partners often interpret their behaviour as uncaring and undemonstrative. They may find it important to stick to plans and timetables, often becoming upset when their partners want to do something spontaneous.'
In women, Asperger's symptoms can manifest as extreme passivity or anxiety, says Dr Judith Gould, consultant psychologist and director of the Lorna Wing Centre for Autism in Kent.
Sandra had always been the calm one in the marriage.
‘I didn't have Joe's temper, but suffered from nervous anxiety instead,' they say.
‘Women are much better at masking their symptoms, so Asperger's can be misinterpreted as Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, shyness, anxiety or even an eating disorder because sufferers may develop obsessions with calorie counting or exercise.'
While it may seem a coincidence that Sandra and Joe both have the condition, Keith Lovett of charity Autism UK Independent says: ‘People with Asperger's have been known to enter relationships with each another.
‘This may be because the lack of social interaction and cues between them make for a mutual understanding, but there is no scientific evidence proving a link.'
There is no medication or treatment for autism or Asperger's, but those diagnosed benefit from care, support and therapy such as Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) to help everyday functioning and training in social skills.
For Sandra, Joe's diagnosis had a positive impact on their life.
‘I no longer feel to blame for Joe's rages and feel in control of what is going on,' they say.
Joe agrees. ‘I realised it wasn't that I had a rotten temper, but the Asperger's was affecting my behaviour,' they say.
‘I have learned to control it and when I feel a meltdown or rage coming, I have time alone or listen to music to calm down.'
Sandra specialises in teaching martial arts to children with autism. ‘Being diagnosed has helped my teaching,' they say.
‘I can identify with what the children are going through and parents are more willing to open up to me and accept my advice.'
They have learned to love the fact they and their husband are just a little different.
Hear That? Annoying Hum Has Canada Making Noise
toggle caption Patricia Drury via Flickr
Thousands of people in Windsor, Ontario, say they are being invaded by an obnoxious noise emanating from outside Detroit. They call it the "Windsor Hum," and it's really two sounds — a deep, very low-frequency hum, like a diesel truck idling in your driveway, and a deep, vibrating pulse that you feel more than you hear.
Roy Norton, Detroit's Canadian consul general, says the noise is coming from the human-made Zug Island, which sits in the Detroit River. The noise apparently began when U.S. Steel reopened a mill on the island two years ago and, over time, Norton says, "It seems to have gotten worse."
U.S. officials say Americans can't hear it. Still, staff with Canada's Foreign Ministry have met with staff from the U.S. State Department to discuss it.
"We would like folks on [the American] side to cooperate with us and show equal seriousness," Norton says, but cooperation is the last thing Canada is getting. Both the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and Michigan's Department of Environmental Quality say they have no jurisdiction over noise complaints, and U.S. Steel has no comment.
The seemingly endless game of pass-the-buck is maddening for people like Windsor resident Gary Grosse.
"The kids are being affected," Gross says. "They're cranky all the time. You know, my 4-year-old son walked outside one day, held their ears and said, 'It's too loud, Dad, it's too loud. I don't want to go outside.' "
Grosse is the administrator for the Windsor/Essex County Hum Facebook group. He's been mocked by some elected officials on the American side who say their constituents can't hear it, but that turns out not to be true. Darryl Patterson, who lives in River Rouge, Mich., where the island is located, says the hum shakes their house and wakes their new baby.
"Fourteen months old, barely sleeps through the night and they get woken up by that sound," Patterson says. "Yeah, that's noise pollution — 'cause it's messing my sleep up."
A Canadian seismographic study already has identified the island as the likely source of the hum. Everyone agrees an acoustic study is the next step, but it appears that finding the money for a study is up to the Canadians. Until then, it's likely there will be more sleepless nights ahead for the people of Windsor.
President Trump had a spring in their step Saturday after the Senate passed the GOP tax cut bill, telling a crowd at a campaign fund-raising event in New York that their re-election campaign was “unbeatable.”
The president gave the rosy assessment based on the economic upswing since they took office, which the president believes will be supercharged by tax cuts now headed toward the finish line in Congress.
“Right now, unless they have somebody that we don't know about, right now we are unbeatable, we are unbeatable,” Mr Trump told about 400 donors at Cipriani restaurant on 42nd Street in New York. “And one of the reasons, one of the reasons, is what's happening with the markets, what's happening with business, what's happening with jobs.”
They appeared unfazed by former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn's guilty plea Friday to lying to federal agents — a plea Democrats celebrated as evidence the Russia probe was closing in on the president.
Mr. Trump didn't mention Mr. Flynn or the Russia probe while reporters were in the room. Their cheerleading was all about tax cuts and the economy.
“What we're doing is — if you look at it — we're going to grow the country. We're going to grow jobs. We're going to be growing everything,” Mr. Trump said. “We have companies now that are pouring back into our country, even before this, we've just set records in so many different ways.”
They continued, “If you look at it, consumer confidence at a 17-year high. I think it's an all-time high consumer confidence. Business confidence, all-time high. Everything is like at an all-time high, including the big one, it's called the stock market at an all-time high.”
According to information received by Source Gaming from LuigiBlood, known for their work on Nintendo 64DD emulation, the Nintendo Switch has a NES emulator embedded in its firmware codenamed “Flog.”
The question on everyone's mind now, of course, is what does this mean for the Nintendo Switch? The most likely answer is that this is related to the Virtual Console or the online offerings Nintendo will at some point tell us about.
The Nintendo Switch Online service, which will cost $19.99 a year, includes the “Classic Game Selection.” The Classic Game Selection functions pretty much the same as the Xbox's Games with Gold or PlayStation Plus selection. The difference being, of course, the Classic Game Selection will deal with much older games. The biggest thing that sets it apart from the virtual console is the fact that the classic Nintendo games from the past will now have online functionality of some fashion, which Nintendo confirmed again last month. What that means exactly is still up in the air, but we know it is coming. Nintendo's already changed their mind once on the Classic Game Selection, as the games were originally going to only be available for one month each. The NES emulator included on the Switch likely has to do with that functionality.
Of course, that brings with it more questions that really won't be answered until Nintendo talks some more about Nintendo Switch Online and the Classic Game Selection. Questions such as, if there is an NES emulator, is there a SNES emulator? A Nintendo 64 emulator? If modders and those curious of the Nintendo Switch hardware have not seen evidence of those emulators so far, they probably are not on the system. That brings more questions, like what does that mean Nintendo will be doing for classic games on those consoles? Or, is the Classic Game Selection only NES games?
Of course, the emulator may not be used for the Classic Game Selection but the Virtual Console for the Switch instead. Until Nintendo reveals their plans for either their online services and/or the Virtual Console, we just won't know.
What do you think of an NES emulator on the Switch? What sort of games would you like to see the NES emulator used for? Let us know in the comments below!
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
"World leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe," said Kenette Benedict, the journal's publisher. The situation isn't hopeless, but citizens must demand action to cut carbon "soon — very soon" to prevent disaster.
The world's failure to reduce carbon emissions, which is driving global climate change, along with modernization of the world's nuclear arsenals, drove the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists to set its symbolic timepiece at three minutes to midnight — the closest setting since the depths of the Cold War.
The symbolic "Doomsday Clock" moved two minutes closer to midnight this week, and this time the Bomb was only part of the reason.
Read more
The symbolic "Doomsday Clock" moved two minutes closer to midnight this week, and this time the Bomb was only part of the reason.
The world's failure to reduce carbon emissions, which is driving global climate change, along with modernization of the world's nuclear arsenals, drove the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists to set its symbolic timepiece at three minutes to midnight — the closest setting since the depths of the Cold War.
"World leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe," said Kenette Benedict, the journal's publisher. The situation isn't hopeless, but citizens must demand action to cut carbon "soon — very soon" to prevent disaster.
"In sum, stunning governmental failures have imperiled civilization on a global scale," Benedict said.
2014 was the hottest year ever recorded. Read more here.
The Bulletin created the clock in 1947 as a way of highlighting the risks of the nuclear age. It began factoring in climate change as "a dire challenge to humanity" in 2007.
UN members are set to gather in Paris in December to hammer out a plan to reduce emissions in hopes of limiting climate change to two degrees Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels. The world body called on countries to begin submitting their plans this week via a new website; those plans should include timetables for cutting carbon output in "clear and transparent documents."
Richard Somerville, a member of the Bulletin's Science and Security Board, said the steps taken to reduce carbon emissions to date are "entirely insufficient" to head off disaster.
"Unless much greater emissions reductions occur very soon, the countries of the world will have emitted enough carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases by the end of this century to profoundly transform the Earth's climate," they said. "The resulting climate change will harm millions of people and will threaten many key ecological systems on which civilization relies."
It is 3 minutes to midnight. Watch the announcement: — BulletinOfTheAtomic (@BulletinAtomic)January 22, 2015
Scientists say warming temperatures are likely to result in higher sea levels, more acidic oceans, and more intense storms and droughts, with consequences that are expected to fall disproportionately on the world's poor. Previous climate talks have been hamstrung by disputes between the industrialized West and rapidly developing countries like India and China, which are building new fossil-fueled power plants at a rapid clip.
The world's two largest emitters, China and the United States, reached a landmark agreement on reducing carbon output in November. But US opponents of reducing emissions continue to insist that the science is still in doubt despite a decades-long warming trend.
While many supporters of tough climate action have called for more nuclear power plants to replace carbon-intensive coal stations, building more reactors risks the spread of technology that could be used to produce a nuclear bomb, Benedict said.
"The international community has not developed coordinated plans to meet the challenges that nuclear power faces in terms of cost, safety, radioactive waste management, and proliferation risk," they said.
Humans are destroying the environment at a rate unprecedented in over 10,000 years. Read more here.
Meanwhile, about 16,300 nukes remain in the world's declared stockpiles, and the post-Cold War process of drawing down those arsenals "has ground to a halt," Benedict said. India, Pakistan, and North Korea have joined the list of declared nuclear powers since 1991, and the biggest — the United States and Russia — are upgrading their remaining warheads.
The clock has been set at three minutes to midnight twice before: In 1949, when the Soviet Union conducted its first nuclear tests; and in 1984, when dialogue between Washington and Moscow ground to a near halt.
The closest it's been was in 1953, when US and Soviet development of the hydrogen bomb drove the journal to move the hands to two minutes to midnight. In 1991, with the Cold War over and the superpowers standing down from decades of hair-trigger alert, the clock was moved back to 17 minutes away.
Follow Matt Smith on Twitter: @mattsmithatl
Eight-time German champions Borussia Dortmund have loaned striker Adrian Ramos (31) to Spanish first division club Granada FC until the end of the season. At the start of the 2017/18 season, the Columbian will then be transferred to Chinese club Chongqing Dangdai Lifan FC.
Ramos has been a squad member at the 1997 Champions League winners since summer 2014, making 52 Bundesliga appearances and scoring 13 goals.
“Adrian Ramos was presented with a lucrative offer from China last year. When they came to us once again during the winter to express their desire to leave the club and move to China, we decided to grant their wish,” said Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc. “Moreover, it is a very valuable offer for a player who turned 31 years last Sunday.”
Zorc continued: “We would like to thank Adrian Ramos for their passionate commitment over the past two-and-a-half years and wish them and their family the very best in Spain and China.”
All parties agreed not to disclose details of the transfer.
SNL opened with a parody of "On The Record With Greta Van Susteren," last night as the Fox News host (Kristen Wiig) welcomed a panel consisting of Karl Rove, Col. Oliver North, and an attractive blonde lady.
Also joined by an obligatory Democrat, Robert Gibbs, Van Susteren tackled the "Don't Ask Don't Tell" policy, posing the question, "Should homosexuals be allowed to prance around our military like it's Cirque Du Soilel?"
The views of the guests were as homophobic as you'd expect. Rove (Bobby Moynihan) put it bluntly: "DADT allows members of our military to be gay, but not too gay. So we get the Wills from Will and Grace, but not the Jacks." North (Will Forte) agreed, adding, 'The Neil Patrick Harrises, but not the Elton Johns."
And of course, what "SNL" Fox News sketch would be complete without a crying Glenn Beck?
Real Sociedad boss David Moyes accepted the offer of a crisp from a spectator during the game against Villarreal
Real Sociedad boss David Moyes has been given a two-match touchline ban after they were sent-off during the match against Villarreal on Wednesday.
Former Manchester United manager Moyes, 51, remonstrated with officials over an offside decision and was ordered from the touchline in the Copa del Rey exit.
They had to scale a pitch-side fence and once they found a seat, they accepted the offer of a crisp from a spectator.
Sociedad, 12th in La Liga, host Rayo Vallecano on Saturday.
Reign in Spain: Moyes' record at Sociedad P W D L F A 11 3 6 2 11 10
Moyes has been banned by the Spanish Football Federation for one match for their dismissal by referee Carlos Velasco Carballo and one for climbing into the stands.
"I shouldn't have argued with the referee but I thought both of the decisions were incorrect," Moyes said earlier on Friday.
"But I left the dugout and I went to watch the game in the stands. I am a football supporter as well and I wanted to watch the game with the supporters.
"I've been a supporter all my life. I go to a lot of football games and I thought the supporters were very good."
Last week, I mentioned the fact that Matthew Inman, author of the hugely popular humor site The Oatmeal, had been threatened by a lawyer for a site called FunnyJunk.com after Inman dared to complain that FunnyJunk had copied and reposted many of their original cartoons without giving them any credit. The site's attorney, Charles Carreon, wrote Inman a nasty letter claiming that Inman's charges were false, and threatening to sue for defamation unless Inman immediately paid them $20,000.
They really should have known better.
Inman did not pay them $20,000. Instead, they posted the nastygram on The Oatmeal, after annotating it with some hilariously illustrated responses, and declared that rather than paying Carreon/FunnyJunk $20,000, they would try to raise that much money, send Carreon a picture of it and then donate it to charity instead. At the time I posted about this (June 12), Inman had already raised $120,414. As of today (June 17), it was up to $176,960.
Ken at Popehat.com has also been following this story. As I've mentioned before, Ken is not someone you want taking an interest in your conduct if you are a censorious asshat. Their more detailed posts on the saga are here (June 12), calling Carreon's letter "frivolous" and praising Inman's response; here (June 13); and then here (Friday, June 15), on the latest developments. According to Carreon, who has given interviews to Forbes and MSNBC, they have been flooded with critical emails and subjected to hacking attempts as a result of their letter to Inman. Or, as they see it, as a result of Inman's disclosure of their letter. Apparently, Carreon accuses Inman of instigating all this, of which, so far as I know, there is no evidence at all, and has been threatening to sue them for that.
As Ken wrote in their post on Friday, this is a bogus threat, partly because the First Amendment protects speech—even speech that advocates violence—unless it is "intended to create, and likely to create, a clear and present danger of imminent lawless action." See Brandenburg v. Ohio, 395 U.S. 444 (1969). (This is one reason it is so plainly unconstitutional to prosecute people for mere speech supposedly offering "material support" to terrorist groups, but I digress.) So, while those who are harassing and/or hacking Carreon probably are breaking the law—so don't do that—Inman certainly was not doing that by complaining publicly about Carreon's behavior, or making fun of him, or even by drawing a cartoon showing a fictional version of Carreon's mom FunnyJunk's mom having sex with a bear. As Ken wrote, if just writing about bad behavior could make you liable for something a third party may be inspired to do without your knowledge, then the worse the behavior was, the less would be written about it, and so the more protection it would effectively get.
A much more detailed analysis of the underlying issues (defamation, Lanham Act, etc.) was provided by Inman's lawyer, Venkat Balasubramani, in this response letter they wrote to Carreon on Thursday. It is worth reading for several reasons, if you are interested either in the law or in how to write a firm but totally professional letter that is pretty much free of legalese. They patiently explain why there is no merit to the claims, doesn't make any angry threats, but simply states that their client will not be bullied. They remind Carreon that "the Internet does not like censorship and does not react kindly to it," something that Carreon should know by now if they didn't already. "At the end of the day," they conclude, "a lawsuit against The Oatmeal in this situation is just a really bad idea."
And so of course Carreon filed one on Friday.
The complaint is apparently not available yet on PACER, but my Courthouse News Service report said it was filed, and the court's feed of newly filed cases confirms that.
A really bad idea
According to the summary provided by CNS, and again I stress I haven't seen the actual complaint yet, Carreon has sued for "trademark infringement and incitement to cyber-vandalism," and they have not only sued Inman but also the website through which they have been raising money for charity (IndieGogo.com) and the charities to which Inman has pledged the money. Yes, they are apparently also suing the National Wildlife Federation and the American Cancer Society. The summary says Inman's request for donations "purports to raise money" for these organizations, "but was really designed to revile plaintiff and their client, FunnyJunk.com .…" (As you can divine from that, Carreon is representing themselves here.) Looking forward to seeing the complaint for many reasons, but especially to find out how the charities are supposedly to blame for any of this.
Additional commentary by Ken here. We compared notes on this, and have offered to help if any of the defendants need it. They may not need legal help, but you can also help by donating, either through the IndieGoGo site or directly to the charities involved. Again, do NOT "help" by harassing or hacking anybody. Just support the good guys.
More to come, we promise, as soon as we get ahold of the complaint.
Notebook
Recap: Orlando White 95, New York 90
Juan Blanco via RotoWire.com
Posted Wed Jul 06, 2016 4:44 PM - Updated Wed Jul 06, 2016 4:44 PM
The Orlando White used a sizable advantage at the foul line and some clutch free-throw shooting late to hold off the New York Knicks, 95-90, in the Orlando Summer League on Wednesday at Amway Center.
Orlando (3-0) shot 20 more free throws than New York (1-3), going to the line a whopping 42 times for an 11-point advantage as it made 29 free throws to the Knicks' 18. The White pulled away in the fourth quarter, increasing their lead to 13 midway through before hitting seven of 10 free throws in the final 1:14 to put away the Knicks.
Four starters scored in double figures for the third time in as many games for Orlando, which shot a three-game high 49.2 percent from the field.
Treveon Graham led the way with 19 points, going 7-for-12 from the field. Justin Dentmon totaled 18 points, five rebounds and three assists, and Arinze Onuaku had 16 points and 13 rebounds, while Patricio Garino added 14 points.
The Knicks hurt themselves with 24 turnovers but got a big game from Ron Baker, who posted 22 points, nine rebounds, five assists and five steals. After a solid 24-point effort off the bench Tuesday, Chasson Randle joined the starting lineup and did not disappoint, tallying 17 points, four assists, three rebounds, two steals and a block. Devin Booker had 12 points and eight rebounds, and J.P. Tokoto scored 13 off the bench of the second consecutive game.
Orlando plays the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday. New York's opponent for Friday's finale is to be determined.
SAN JOSE — The FBI says it has struck a crushing blow to a violent Sureño street gang operating near downtown San Jose thanks to a multiyear operation capped by the arrests of two significant players early Wednesday, adding to the nearly two dozen suspects already in custody.
The two gang members arrested Wednesday were arraigned in federal court later in the day for several counts covering crimes involving methamphetamine dealing, racketeering, weapons, and conspiracy to commit murder. An indictment involving them and other members had been sealed until now to avoid tipping them off, the FBI said.
But local gang interventionists say that while the arrests are laudable, law enforcement needs to be wary about other gang members in the city's Washington neighborhood moving in to fill the power vacuum that has just been created.
The FBI's Santa Clara County Violent Gang Task Force, an assembly of officers from more than 10 South Bay police agencies, descended on South First and Oak streets near Washington Elementary School around 6 a.m. to arrest Mario Cardenas, 20, and 23-year-old Rafael Mariscal Cambreros, both of San Jose.
Cardenas and Cambreros were the last pieces of an investigation that yielded 27 defendants and the effective ruin of the Sur Santos Pride gang, a Sureño subset, said FBI spokesperson Peter Lee.
“The gang is done,” Lee said. “Getting SSP off the street is huge.”
Not so fast, say city leaders tasked with community-based solutions to San Jose's prominent gang problems.
“It's a little pre-emptive to say that the gang is done,” said Mario Maciel, superintendent of the Mayor's Gang Prevention Task Force. “I have no doubt that they put a serious dent into the structure. But there's a big number of guys who are still out there. Everyone's going to vie for position now.”
Maciel added that it would be dangerous to declare too much progress and give policymakers the impression that anti-gang programs might not be as needed in the Washington area.
“There's a lot of work to do. It continues to be a hot spot,” they said. “Anytime you take out the head, it's a great first step, and the help is appreciated. But there are 30 or 40 guys out there hearing the words ‘done' and ‘dismantled' and saying, ‘Oh really?' “
“It's been a crippling. But they're not dismantled. They have contingency plans for this.”
Lee said the operation, which was sparked by gang detectives in the San Jose Police Department, was fueled in part by an initiative to combat violent crime in the South Bay spearheaded by David Johnson, special agent in charge of the FBI's San Francisco Bay Area division.
The task force began arresting gang members in the area starting Jan. 30. The other defendants identified by federal authorities so far are: Jesse Aguilar, aka “Munchies,” 31; Jesus Manuel Armendariz, aka “Chumel,” 22; Rafael Mariscal Camberos, aka “Bad Boy,” 23; Benito Canales, aka “Dopey,” 32; Mario Cardenas, aka “Trusty,” 20; Jorge Cisneros, aka “Sleepy,” 28; Juan Chavez, aka “Dukester,” 29; Felix Hernandez Cristobal, aka “Pato,” 22; Daniel Cortes, aka “Little Temper,” 21; Fernando Cruz, aka “Nano,” 23; Oscar Martinez De La Cruz, aka “Cuete,” 27; Francisco Fonseca, aka “Griffo,” 28; Mario Guerrero, aka “Li'l Junior,” 22; Marcos Salvador Lomeli, aka “Cookie,” 23; Andy Lamb Lopez, aka “Solo,” 36; Roberto Jaime Martinez, aka “Espantos,” 32; Miguel Miranda, aka “Payaso,” 27; Alfredo Moldonado, aka “Junior,” 35; Ricardo Montoya, aka “Necio,” 23; Jose Angel Moreno, aka “Li'l Chocolate,” 30; Jorge Luis Olivera, aka “Chivo,” 20; Jesse Parra, aka “Little Looney,” 31; Jorge Rodriguez, aka “Brownie,” 24; Jose David Sanchez, aka “Joker,” 32; Denis Sandoval, aka “Criminal,” 26; Miguel Vasquez, aka “Tweety,” 29; and Gilberto Villela, aka “Snowman,” 32.
Two of the defendants, including Martinez, are charged with a murder related to racketeering that was committed Oct. 23, 2011, when a 22-year-old San Jose man was stabbed to death. Martinez and Cruz are also accused of using deadly weapons in the assault of two men believed to be in a rival gang on Nov. 4, 2011.
Others face similar counts to Cardenas and Cambreros, highlighted by alleged methamphetamine dealing and weapons offenses and also assault, robbery, obstruction of justice and tampering with witnesses. The indictment also details meetings among gang members discussing the need to tax local pimps and businesses, send in regular tax installments to prison gang leaders, with meetings often ending with a new member being “jumped in.”
Crimes listed in the indictment go back nearly 5 years, starting April 9, 2009, when Montoya and others are believed to have stabbed and attempted to kill a victim believed to be a Norteño. Other listed attempted homicides were directed at members of their own gang, including one incarcerated at the Elmwood Correctional Facility in Milpitas.
.
Staff writer Eric Kurhi contributed to this report. Contact Robert Salonga at 408-920-5002. Follow them at Twitter.com/robertsalonga.
Amid controversy over Intelligence Bureau keeping relatives of Subhash Chandra Bose under close watch, kin of 'Shaheed-e-Azam' Bhagat Singh today claimed that the martyr's family had also been kept under "surveillance" for several years and demanded that the government declassify all files pertaining to him.
"Our family had been under surveillance for years. Our phone conversations, too, had been under the scanner for years," Bhagat Singh's 57-year-old nephew, Abhay Singh Sandhu told reporters in Mohali.
They said the family had been on the radar since the British rule and claimed that "even after the country gained freedom, we were under watch of the intelligence agencies."
Sandhu also demanded that the files pertaining to Sardar Ajit Singh, a freedom fighter and uncle of Bhagat Singh, also be declassified.
"We want to know everything which the then British Government wrote about Sardar Ajit Singh and Shaheed Bhagat Singh. All records should be declassified. Why should Government hide (records). We are hoping that the present Central government will take a step in this regard soon," Sandhu said.
Sandhu is son of Bhagat Singh's younger brother Sardar Kulbir Singh, who was born in 1914 and was Jansangh MLA from Ferozepur.
"My father, late Sardar Kulbir Singh, tried to obtain files or records pertaining to the two which have been kept in National Archives in Delhi," Sandhu said, adding over the years they had been told that the files were "secret" and not transferable for 20-30 years.
"My father passed away in 1983, but even after that when we tried to raise the demand we were given the same answer", they alleged.
They said their family tried to access the documents even after Kulbir Singh's death but in vain.
The Cycle of Vim
Shashank Mehta Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 20, 2014
You find them sitting in the corner, headphones on. There's an empty cup of coffee next to him.  They are typing feverishly but every now and then they pause, puts on an empty expression, followed by a twinkle in their eye before they get back to typing. The screen has an eerie green glow. The cursor seems to be jumping around, doing things without them even touching the mouse or arrow keys. One moment they are typing, creating functions, and another moment they are deleting multiple lines at once. They type some ancient looking string and magic seems to happen. You watch in wonder, amazed by the speed and dexterity. You wonder if they are human. You think twice before interrupting him, not because you are always so courteous but because you have forgotten what you wanted to ask. And then they get up, a satisfied expression on their face. You blurt out, ‘How in the world did you do all of that?' They smile and simply says, ‘Vim'.
Web Quiz Tells You Which Presidential Candidate Best Fits Your Worldview
Take one guy with an abiding interest in politics, another guy with website-building skills and throw in the shared desire to get people more engaged in the political process, and you have the ingredients for an interactive site called ISideWith.com.
Enlarge this image ISideWith.com screenshot ISideWith.com screenshot
The site's purpose is to show you which presidential candidate's views most align with yours by running you through a short quiz that asks your stance on various policy issues, then determines which candidate most agrees with you.
It's not a new idea — similar quizzes popped up the past few election cycles. But what sets this one apart is the social-media angle: The site allows you to share your results with your friends or to comment via Facebook, and it shows you the states where candidates best match up with the quiz takers.
This last feature leads to some interesting results. No surprise, President Obama has the highest percentage of quiz takers agreeing with them in California, Illinois and New York.
But here's a twist: Gary Johnson, the Libertarian Party presidential candidate and former New Mexico governor, has the highest percentage of quiz takers agreeing with them in a number of states that are likely to go for Mitt Romney come Election Day, including Texas and Georgia.
Taylor Peck, the 29-year old marketing consultant who started the site with 30-something techie Nick Boutelier, explained in an interview that they were something of an Internet-era version of The Odd Couple, roommates who were something of polar opposites:
"I'm a political news junkie. I've been discussing politics, following politics since I was 5 years old. ... They were kind of not interested in politics at all, typical of the undecided American voter, where I was consuming political news 24-7. "So the idea came out that we wanted to have a medium where people like they and I could really communicate our views and kind of share where we side on different issues and which candidates we kind of agree with the most. "So we wanted a tool for people like us to communicate and also why not our family and friends. So we kind of toyed around with it for a little while and we launched and got out a beta in April."
The counter on the site indicates that almost 750,000 visitors have taken the quiz so far.
So far, the metrics indicate that younger visitors, those between 18 and 30, are less patient in answering the questions but more willing to post their results on social media. Visitors over 65 are just the opposite — more patient in taking the quiz but less likely to share their results.
Peck says:
"All of our traffic is coming from people who are just kind of sharing their results online through social media. And then their friends are coming to take our quiz and they're sharing their results with 100 people, then 20 of those people end up taking it. So it's kind of just exploded virally."
The site's creators have so far paid for it mostly out of their own pockets, Peck said. (They do solicit donations through a PayPal button.) For now, the site doesn't have ads because they don't want to turn visitors off or distract them as they take the quiz.
Peck, the political junkie, researches the candidates' issue positions and says supporters of the various candidates are quick to point out their errors.
They also have interviewed an actual candidate or two for the site's blog. One was a presidential candidate few people probably realize is running: the, ahem, eccentric, glove-wearing Jimmy McMillan, founder of the Rent-Is-Too-Damn-High Party, who became a national sensation during the 2010 New York governor's race. Says Peck:
"Jimmy McMillan, he's firing on all cylinders. I included them because he's a colorful character and I got to interview him. They had some positions that the other candidates don't have. So we included them because we just wanted to give them some exposure because the media kind of ignores him."
Peck, who clearly sees the humor in politics, muses that there should be a place for the quiz in the presidential selection process. "Whoever gets the highest score gets the nod."
Seriously, they want to add some more voter-engagement features to the site in coming weeks. For instance, they would like to add some buttons that would encourage people to register and vote and donate to or volunteer in campaigns.
The Prime Minister said they "didn't accept the premise" of a question on Wednesday about the walk-back from $67 billion to $32 billion and insisted "the onus is on the Labor Party" to explain how it would make up the budget shortfall. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull travelled on the Puffing Billy railway with local member Jason Wood and Senator Richard Colbeck on Wednesday. Credit:Andrew Meares "We have set out a budget which includes all of our revenue and expenditure, of course, over the next four years. We have demonstrated that. Everything is paid for," they said. "What the Labor Party is doing is every day Bill Shorten is turning the spend-o-meter as they call it every day, they think it's very funny. I don't think taxpayers think it's very funny.  They are spending more money every day." Asked directly if the black hole was $67 billion or $32 billion, Mr Turnbull said "can I say that is a question you should be addressing to the Labor Party and the Labor Party have to make a choice".
"Well, $67 billion is the list of the measures that they [Labor] have either blocked or proposed or said they want us to roll back." The errors contained in the government document relied on by Mr Morrison and Finance Minister Mathias Cormann calculated $35 billion worth of contested measures, which the government claims Labor has previously committed to. In a separate section of the same document another $30 billion worth of Labor promises to date is also counted. But the $35 billion figure includes $19.27 billion on foreign aid when the opposition says it will spend $800 million - the figure that caught out the Treasurer on Tuesday. Mr Turnbull said that "if what Tanya Plibersek is saying, that Labor is now backing at least 90 per cent of our reductions in foreign aid, they should say that". Labor has confirmed the $800 million in additional money for aid and aid agencies is its final spending commitment.
And the $30 billion in Labor promises figure includes nearly $10 billion more in contestable figures, including: a $200 million promise over funding for the Ipswich Motorway, which the Liberals have also made
a $6.7 billion assumption that Labor will lift the superannuation guarantee to 12 per cent by 2020, not 2025
$4.39 billion attributed to Labor opposing the government's super package, when Labor actually opposes about $2.4 billion worth The government has added the $30 billion and $35 billion to the $18 billion in so-called "zombie" measures stuck in the Senate and flagged in the pre-election budget update and to make an $83 billion "black hole" - less the $16 billion in revenue measures Labor has announced - to get the $67 billion figure. But if you subtract the contested $35 billion - which includes the $19.27 billion foreign aid mistakes - and nearly $10 billion from the $30 billion of promises, that means the black hole is nearer to $22 billion, not $67 billion. And $18 billion of that $22 billion are the so-called zombie measures, which the government has been unable to pass through the Senate, but which the independent departments of Treasury and Finance included in the budget update last Friday, in line with usual practice.
Labor, for its part, has promised it will reveal its final costings before the end of the lengthy campaign and pressure is sure to build on the opposition to explain its costings. Follow us on Twitter Follow James Massola on Facebook
Do you know how your hover menu is affecting users? Hover menus are a popular way to navigate. But the way they open can cause usability problems that most designers aren't aware of. Before you settle on hover menus for your navigation, you should know how they affect users.
The Hover Myth
Many designers believe that when their menus open on hover, they're faster and easier to use. It might seem this way at first, but when you look deeper you'll notice that the opposite is true. Menus that open on hover save users a click, but that click is necessary in letting the website know that the user wants to open a menu.
Without it, it's easy for users to trigger a menu on accident when their mouse moves over the navigation area. This unexpected behavior can block users from accessing the information they want. Or worse, it can cover up important information the user can't see.
When menus open without users asking for it, it can surprise and overwhelm them. There's no benefit to getting something you don't want a click faster, if you don't want it. This is more of an annoyance than a benefit. Hover menus present many other problems to users that make them harder and slower to use. Clicking a hover menu item is not as easy as it looks.
Forcing Users Through Hover Tunnels
One of the worse things about hover menus is that they force users to move their mouse through hover tunnels. Hover tunnels are passages that users have to move their mouse through to click an item. Older users who are less tech-savvy will often have trouble doing this. Even tech-savvy users can find it annoying that they have to move their mouse in a confined path.
Hover tunnels make it harder and slower for users to navigate. When a hover menu opens, users can't move their mouse to the item they want in a straight line. If they do, their mouse will fall off the hover path and close the menu.
Instead, they have to move their mouse through the hover tunnel in a particular pattern so that the menu doesn't close on them. There's no reason users should have to work this hard to navigate a website.
Peripheral Items Are Harder to Click
Hover menus close when the mouse moves outside the menu. This makes items closest to the menu edge harder to click. Users have to slow down their mouse movement when they try to click a peripheral menu item. If they don't, it's easy for them to miss the item and land outside the menu, resulting in a menu close.
Some menus add extra padding around the menu, so that if users miss the item the menu will still stay open. But extra padding doesn't fix this problem because many users can still move their mouse too far without knowing. Users shouldn't have to move their mouse in a certain way to click a menu item.
Hidden Index Pages
Many websites have index pages that give users an overview of content so that they navigate easier. But these index pages can't help much if users can't find them. Index pages are often hidden in the category name that users first hover their mouse over.
Most users don't know that the category name leads to the index page because it looks like it's already selected. The highlighting on hover makes it unclear that the category name is a link. This hurts new users who often need index pages to give them an overview of content to know where to navigate.
Menus Should Open on Click
Menus that open on click instead of on hover solve all these problems. Click menus free users from hover tunnels, challenging peripheral items and hidden index pages. Here are a couple of approaches to click menus you can use.
Standard Click Menu
The first approach is the straightforward way where the menu opens when the user clicks it. It closes when the user clicks anywhere outside the menu. Unlike hover menus, this approach allows users to move their mouse however they want. Closing it is as easy as opening it.
Click menus force you to put the link to the index page inside the menu because clicking a general item can only open the menu. This means that linking the index page to the general item is no longer an option. It'll have to become a menu item. This makes it clear where the index pages are so that users can't miss them.
Collapsible Mega Menu
A collapsible mega menu is useful if you have a lot of items in your menu. The advantage of this approach is that it won't cover up any page content. Instead, it'll push the page down when the menu opens so that all content remains visible.
Not only that, but users can move their mouse anywhere and the menu won't close on them. This means no more hover tunnels or hard-to-click peripheral items.
Final Thoughts
The benefits of using click menus outweigh hover menus. Designers need to know the harm they're doing to users when their menu opens on hover. Menus should open when the user has made a clear decision to open it. That clear decision is in the form of a click. When a site behaves the way users want it to, tasks are quicker and easier to complete.
Books
Toolkits
'Soviet' wind farm subsidies blight rural lives and may have worse impact than climate change, says environment minister
Green industry needs to 'tighten their belts, do more for less and make subsidies go further' to get better deal for the taxpayer , says Owen Paterson
Environment Secretary Owen Paterson addresses the Conservative Conference at Birmingham's International Convention Centre
Environment Secretary Owen Paterson has called for 'Soviet-style' subsidies for building wind farms to be scrapped because they say the huge turbines blight rural lives.
The recently appointed minister said wind developers should 'stand on their own two feet' instead of asking for money from the state.
They said green technologies such as wind farms might actually have a worse impact than climate change, because they are causing 'public insurrection'.
'There are significant impacts on the rural economy and the rural environment, all of which probably weren't intended when these things were thought up,' they told an event at the Conservative Party conference.
'It is not very green to be blighting the economy in one area.'
Mr Paterson said they would write to the Department of Energy with their view on ending green subsidies as part of a Government review of support for renewable energy, the Daily Telegraph reported.
'If you start having subsidies you end up with a Soviet-style system, where politicians make decisions that might actually be better made by the market,' they added.
Mr Paterson said they believe humans are contributing to climate change but 'some of the steps we are taking might actually cause more damage than the original problems itself'.
Their comments came as Greg Barker, the climate change minister, promised that the Government was dealing with the 'never-ending gravy train of green subsidies' to bring down energy bills.
The Conservative minister insisted the party was 'not abandoning its green pledges' or 'scaling back' its commitment to tackling climate change.
But they acknowledged the green industry needed to 'tighten their belts, do more for less and make subsidies go further' to get a better deal for the taxpayer.
Mr Barker promised that the Coalition would 'cut subsidy where we can and put value for money at the heart of our policies'.
The Government is facing mounting criticism for sending out mixed messages on energy policy and climate change. Some companies are concerned after David Cameron appointed two ministers who are critical of wind farms, cut subsidies for renewable energy and unveiled a tax break for the gas industry.
Mr Paterson said wind developers should 'stand on their own two feet' instead of asking for money from the state
A blight on rural communities? The Whitelee wind farm near Eaglesham, East Renfrewshire, in Scotland
The insulation industry also claims that the Coalition's decision to end grants for green home improvements will lead to 16,000 job losses before a new regime comes in next year.
Seven power firms this week threatened to leave Britain over fears they will not get enough Government support to invest in low-carbon technologies like nuclear and wind farms.
After weeks of division on green issues, Conservative sources said there is a new push within the party to 'get back on the same page'.
Conservatives are split between pro-green modernisers, those worried about the cost of subsidies and back-bench MPs angry about the blight of wind farms in their constituencies.
The senior source said there would be a drive re-invent the Conservatives' green agenda as a pro-business policy that will help boost growth and create jobs.
The Department of Energy is led by Ed Davey, a Liberal Democrat, who won a battle against George Osborne to stop deep cuts to green subsidies this year. In return, the Chancellor introduced tax breaks for the oil and gas industry, including new measures to help controversial 'shale' extraction.
A former squat in south London recently transformed into luxury flats now costs up to £3,100 per month to live in.
This revelation could come as a kick in the teeth for long-time Brixtonites who have recently complained of rapid gentrification.
Not too long ago, the area was deemed too crime-ridden for many people. Now it is home to pubs serving drinks in jam jars and even a branch of the ubiquitous Foxtons estate agents.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
It's not like you need any further proof of the ever-increasing house prices and rentals in one of the world's most expensive cities but – just in case you do – here it is.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Tiny London flats to rent Show all 6 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Tiny London flats to rent 1/6 London properties A "cosy" flat in an upmarket area of west London is available to rent for a reasonable £520 a month, provided the tenant doesn't mind showering under the bed 2/6 London properties Located on Castletown Road, the advertisement on Zoopla boasts: "A cosy, single studio located in the heart of London's fashionable and up-market area of West Kensington, this compact mezzanine includes not only a fully furnished living area including table, chair, wardrobe and chest of draws [sic] but also a personal shower and kitchenette complete with storage" 3/6 London properties The property is recommended for "students, working professionals and those looking for a thriving London life at an affordable rate" Rightmove 4/6 London properties A studio flat for rent in Kember Street, north London was advertised for £737-a-month Rightmove 5/6 London properties The 'well-used' kitchen of a flat in Hoxton, which was on the market for £997 per month Zoopla 6/6 London properties For only £125 per week you could be the lucky owner of this single studio flat, complete with shower and kitchenette, located between Barons Court and West Kensington Zoopla 1/6 London properties A "cosy" flat in an upmarket area of west London is available to rent for a reasonable £520 a month, provided the tenant doesn't mind showering under the bed 2/6 London properties Located on Castletown Road, the advertisement on Zoopla boasts: "A cosy, single studio located in the heart of London's fashionable and up-market area of West Kensington, this compact mezzanine includes not only a fully furnished living area including table, chair, wardrobe and chest of draws [sic] but also a personal shower and kitchenette complete with storage" 3/6 London properties The property is recommended for "students, working professionals and those looking for a thriving London life at an affordable rate" Rightmove 4/6 London properties A studio flat for rent in Kember Street, north London was advertised for £737-a-month Rightmove 5/6 London properties The 'well-used' kitchen of a flat in Hoxton, which was on the market for £997 per month Zoopla 6/6 London properties For only £125 per week you could be the lucky owner of this single studio flat, complete with shower and kitchenette, located between Barons Court and West Kensington Zoopla
Six Edwardian mansion blocks on Rushcroft Road in Brixton were home to squatters, who had formed a housing co-op to which they paid rent, and their children for around 30 years until they were eventually evicted by Lambeth council in 2013.
But it wasn't without a kick or a fuss as a riot ensued, with residents burning furniture and battling with police and bailiffs in protest. The council tried for two years to make way for the now-private development, to include some social housing.
The blocks had previously stood vacant after Lambeth bought them in the 1970s before long-term residents moved in. Plans to demolish them to make room for a high-rise council tower block and a motorway had fallen through.
Today, the first tenants being housed by the council in 22 social rent flats will receive their keys. The other 25 properties, in the development costing more than £3 million in total, are being let privately by Beresford estate agents.
The flats – a stone's throw away from Brixton station, the market on Electric Avenue, the local nightlife and the town hall – are being described by Beresford as “stunning brand-new period conversions on one of Brixton's most popular roads.”
The one-bedroom flats are available to rent privately for £1,603 per month while the four-bedroom homes are going for £3,098 per month.
Matthew Bennett, Lambeth's cabinet member for housing, told the Evening Standard: “I'm delighted tenants will be handed the keys to some of the first new council homes in Brixton in a generation.
“These are lifetime council homes at proper social rents, made available to local families in housing need. There are 21,000 people on Lambeth's waiting list. Homelessness has risen over the last year with about 1,800 families now in temporary accommodation.”
However, Jonathan Bartley, Green Party parliamentary candidate for Streatham, responded by saying: “Twenty-two flats is throwing a few crumbs to residents while developers continue to have a banquet.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
But on Tuesday, FBI director James Comey revealed that the agency had found “several thousand” work-related emails Clinton had not turned over, including three that included information that had been classified at the time that they had been sent.
Clinton's testimony, under questioning from committee chair Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC), was as follows:
GOWDY: Let me ask you this. You say that you turned over everything. I don't get a chance to watch you a lot on television, but when I see you are interviewed, you make a point of saying, I turned over everything.
CLINTON: All my work related emails, yes.
GOWDY: How do you know that?
CLINTON: I know that because there was an exhaustive search done under the supervision of my attorneys, and that is exactly the outcome. We turned over every work related email, in fact, as somebody referred to earlier, we turned over too many.
The State Department and the National Archives said there are 1,246 out of the 30,000-plus that they have already determined did not need to be turned over.
GOWDY: And you have a really…
SANCHEZ: Regular order, Mr. Chairman.
GOWDY: … good group of attorneys, which makes me wonder…
SANCHEZ: Chairman, regular order.
GOWDY: … how they missed 15 of them.
CLINTON: Well if you are talking about Mr. Blumenthal, which I assume you are, they had some that I didn't have, and I had some that they didn't have. And they — I was under no obligation to make any of their emails available unless I decided they were work related.
And the ones that I decided that were work related I forwarded to the state.gov accounts of the people with whom I worked.
GOWDY: Madam Secretary, is there any question that the 15 that James Cole turned over to us were work related? There's no ambiguity about that. They were work related.
CLINTON: No. They were from a personal friend, not any official government — not any government official. And they were, I determined on the basis of looking at them, what I thought was work related and what wasn't. And some I didn't even have time to read, Mr. Chairman.
GOWDY: So are you telling me the 15…
SANCHEZ: Mr. Chairman, regular order.
GOWDY: Are you saying that the 15…
SANCHEZ: Mr. Chairman…
GOWDY: I will tell the gentlelady from California that I'm going to take a little extra time, just like everybody else has, and that we can either do it this round, or we can do it next round.
SANCHEZ: May I make a simple inquiry about how many more minutes the chairperson plans?
GOWDY: The fewer the interruptions, the quicker I can get done. I'll put it to you that way. How's that?
SANCHEZ: OK, just be mindful of the time.
GOWDY: The 15 — my question to you, on the 15, did your lawyers find them and decide that they were not work related or did they not find them?
CLINTON: Well, I don't know why they had emails I didn't. And I don't know why, apparently, I had emails they didn't. And all I can tell you is that I turned over every work related email in my possession.
After a successful collaboration with AMD over the past two years to leverage open standards to drive amazing quality, scalability, and performance for our customers - Adobe has just released Adobe Photoshop CC and Adobe Premiere Pro CC. Now users can get the production releases of these flagship products which have been optimized to the massive compute power of AMD APUs, AMD Radeon HD graphics and AMD FirePro professional graphics to enable GPU-accelerated performance across a broad range of form factors through the OpenGL and OpenCL open standards. As highlighted in recent blogs, these optimizations are significant because, not only do they result in faster final render times, but more importantly, they enable users to apply effects and preview their edits in real-time, enabling greater productivity. This is great news for end-users everywhere, who now have unprecedented choice in using the hardware that best suits their needs. AMD-based systems coupled with Adobe's shift to the affordable and innovative Adobe Creative Cloud model for managing licenses and software updates can now put these latest Adobe creative tools in the hands of more users than ever.When researching options for upcoming hardware purchases, consumers often look online for recommendations from top reviewers. Both Adobe Photoshop and Premiere Pro are often used by such reviewers to benchmark the capabilities of PC hardware because they are good examples of widely used, compute-intensive, non-gaming applications. These two applications are also good indicators of the direction that the mainstream software ecosystem is going relative to the use of both CPU and GPU resources in computers systems; i.e. - heterogeneous compute. We expect to see even greater adoption of this approach as the tools and system architecture evolve with our Heterogeneous System Architecture (HSA) initiative. The bottom line - products that can best handle Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Photoshop are going to be great all-around compute machines for consumers in general.Delivered performance is always dependent on both hardware and software performance even the fastest hardware in the world can become crippled when coupled with a faulty or low-performing video drivers or with an application that does not efficiently leverage the hardware resources. The great news is that with AMD and Adobe, you get all three of these critical components. We tested the production builds for both Adobe Photoshop CC and Adobe Premiere Pro CC with the latest publically available drivers, converted the raw times into rates, and normalized to 1 (where "1" is the slowest of the test scenarios to complete the test) to make the charts and comparison easier to read. The results below* are for our newest AMD Elite A-series APU - the AMD A10-6800K.AMD has worked closely with Adobe not only on the development side to enable optimized application performance on AMD hardware, but also on the quality assurance (QA) side to support the rigorous testing Adobe requires to achieve "White List" status with every Premiere Pro release (see Adobe blog post and tech specs). In fact, AMD can currently boast the greatest number of products on Adobe's officially qualified hardware list - a total of 64 graphics devices today with even more expected over time. While acceleration on Premiere Pro can be enabled by end users for any OpenCL-capable device in a PC or Mac, the fact that Adobe has included so many officially qualified AMD devices on the list is a testament to the hard work and close collaboration between AMD and Adobe; we are pleased to have made the effort with Adobe to enable this added level of assurance and to deliver a top-notch user experience for our shared customers.
Germany's foreign intelligence agency has concluded that Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 was downed in Ukraine by pro-Russian rebels.
German magazine Der Spiegel reports that the head of intelligence said the rebels used a Russian Buk missile defence system from a Ukrainian base.
The crash over rebel-held territory killed all 298 passengers and crew, however, Russian military expert Igor Korotchenko believes the West to be behind the incident.
“The release of the German intelligence that the Malaysian plane was shot down with a Buk missile system proves that the western intelligence agencies have no doubts who stand behind this crime. However for political reasons they cannot admit this version.”
Kyiv blamed the pro-Russian forces, accusing Moscow of arming them. An accusation flatly denied.
European governments have largely avoided pointing the finger. The Dutch government is running two investigations into the crash and has yet to draw any conclusions.
America is wasting little time getting back into the oil exporting business.
Just weeks after Congress lifted a 40-year ban on exporting oil, the first shipments of the black stuff left U.S. ports for Europe.
The first freely-traded shipments of U.S. crude are symbolic of the country's newfound role as a leading producer of oil. America's entry into the world market can also be viewed with relief by those worried about potential supply disruptions. After all, many big oil producers are located in volatile parts of the world susceptible to geopolitical shocks.
"The fact that producers have free access to the global market will make it easier for U.S. supply to respond to disruptions around the world," said Jason Borduff, a former energy adviser to President Obama who is currently a professor at Columbia University.
America officially banned exports in 1975. It came two years after an OPEC oil embargo that banned oil sales to the U.S. had sent gas prices skyrocketing. Newspaper photographs of long lines of cars outside of gas stations became a common and worrisome image.
Fast forward 40 years and the world has changed drastically, with booming U.S. oil production from the shale revolution creating an epic supply glut that recently sent oil prices below $30 a barrel.
Some of that American oil is now finding a home overseas. On New Year's Eve ConocoPhillips (COP) and NuStar Energy (NS) announced what they said was the first exports of U.S.-produced light crude oil since the ban was lifted. The companies shipped oil pumped from the Eagle Ford Shale of Texas.
Other shipments believed to be containing oil pumped from the U.S. have left for destinations in Europe in recent weeks as well.
Related: Is Saudi Arabia finally willing to rescue the oil markets?
In the long run, the ability to send U.S. oil overseas will help the energy industry. In the short term, the depressed oil prices are actually expected to slow U.S. oil production in 2016.
And given the current backdrop, don't expect U.S. exports to skyrocket any time soon.
"Oil oversupply is currently a global issue, and not one confined to the U.S. There is little appetite or need for our oil to flow anywhere else," said Anthony Starkey, manager of energy analysis at Platts Bentek.
There's also fierce competition on the global stage, with Russia, Saudi Arabia and producers in North Africa like Nigeria engaging in a battle to maintain market share.
Related: This oil-producing country may need a bailout
Just a year ago American oil would have been a hot seller on the global stage. It was trading about $12 a barrel cheaper than Brent crude, the global standard. That means European buyers would have been willing to front the heavy costs involved with shipping oil across the Atlantic.
But that's changed. U.S. oil prices are now just $1 or $2 a barrel cheaper than Brent.
"The economics don't entirely work for U.S. crude to be traded everywhere in the world," said Brian Scheid, a senior editor at Platts.
There are also logistical hurdles keeping U.S. oil from straying too far from home. Due to the longstanding export ban, America's Gulf Coast doesn't currently have the equipment in place needed to load the giant supertankers that other countries typically use to ship oil long distances, according to Nilofar Saidi, a crude oil market analyst at ClipperData. Smaller ships can be used on voyages to Latin America and Europe, but aren't ideal for far-flung places like East Asia.
Columbia's Bordoff thinks it will take time to fix that situation. "Given the market situation today, there's going to be caution about large-scale infrastructure investments," they said.
Related: Cheap prices fail to kill U.S. oil boom
However, U.S. refiners have spent heavily on upgrades in recent years that allow them to process the ultra-light crude being pumped from U.S. shale fields. That means it probably makes more economic sense to leave American oil at home for now.
EDISON PARK — Ald. Mary O'Connor (41st) accused Chicago firefighter Anthony Napolitano of not having a plan to deal with the city's looming pension crisis in the first television commercial in the 41st Ward runoff.
Titled "Zlich," the 30-second commercial uses a sound effect of crickets chirping when a deep-voiced announcer describes Napolitano's plan to address what the ad says is the city's "$17 billion pension debt."
The commercial contends Napolitano opposes "important reforms" and their "do-nothing approach" will lead to a "massive property tax increases or a bankrupt pension system."
Napolitano said Thursday said the "disgusting" advertisement is a move by a "desperate" candidate who doesn't have a strong record.
"It is completely the opposite of what I've been campaigning on since day one," Napolitano said. "It is so disgusting and an absolute lie."
Napolitano said they expected the ad to backfire on O'Connor, who is seeking a second term representing Norwood Park, Edison Park, Edgebrook and O'Hare on the Chicago City Council.
Napolitano has frequently voiced their support for a large Vegas-style casino Downtown to bring in new revenue for the city, and also wants the city to sell the vacant and abandoned land it owns to swell the city's coffers.
Napolitano said they also favor using some of the $1.7 billion in the city's Tax Increment Financing District funds to address the "major crisis" created by the pension shortfall.
"But the schools need that money, too," Napolitano said.
The city should ask the state Legislature to delay its order that the city make a $550 million pension payment to the city police and fire pension systems by 2016, Napolitano said.
Napolitano, who served as a police officer for five years before joining the fire department in 2005, said they would never vote to raise property taxes.
"I'm worried about these pensions," Napolitano said, vowing to protect them. "This is my pension and the pension of everyone I know."
Napolitano followed their father and many other relatives onto the police force.
The ad cites Napolitano's answers to a questionnaire by the Sun-Times. Napolitano said they did not "support restructuring the pension systems, inevitably reducing benefits, to put the funds on sound financial footing." Instead, Napolitano said another source of revenue should be found to fund the pensions.
O'Connor won 47.7 percent of the vote on Feb. 24, below the 50 percent mark they needed to eclipse to avoid a runoff. Napolitano, who was a Chicago Police officer for five years before joining the Fire Department, won 42.5 percent, according to results from the Chicago Board of Election Commissioners.
The alderman's campaign ad credits O'Connor with "working to reform the system while honoring promises to teachers and first responders while stopping massive tax increases."
O'Connor declined a request for an interview Thursday from DNAinfo Chicago.
In a statement released by their spokesperson, Tim Nazanin, O'Connor endorsed Mayor Rahm Emanuel's efforts to renegotiate pension agreements with dozens of employee unions. State courts have yet to rule on whether those renegotiated agreements are constitutional.
"We must work together and ask everyone to give a little so that no one has to give too much," O'Connor said in the statement.
O'Connor said they would "work with labor on changes and keep everything on the table including revenue from a casino."
In a debate with Cook County Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia on Tuesday, Emanuel vowed to earmark all of the revenue from a Chicago casino for the city's pension liabilities.
Voters can register in person at the election board office at 69 W. Washington St. until Monday.
Registration and early voting will take place at the elections board office or at 50 other locations around the city. Voters must show two forms of identification to register, and one to vote, officials said.
Early voting will take place Monday through April 4. Election Day is April 7.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Burkina Faso's authorities last week exhumed the remains of iconic former president Thomas Sankara–one of Africa's most hopeful and tragic figures–as part of a probe into their assassination.
I was no more than a young boy in Dakar, Senegal when I heard with grief and disbelief the stunning and crushing news of the death in a coup of Sankara in 1987. Nelson Mandela was in jail, Patrice Lumumba was long dead, and for a kid in search of African heroes, the incorruptible and young soldier-statesman was a star, a guitar-playing rebel in fatigues who troubled the consciences of the powerful elites in their country and across the continent.
Immediately after the coup, very little information was available about the circumstances of Sankara's death, especially in those pre-Internet days. Physically eliminating Sankara was not enough: the new regime launched a smear campaign to besmirch their character.
It was the ultimate betrayal: the coup was led by Sankara's trusted deputy of many years, Blaise Compaoré, then minister of defense. Both had led a cadre of radical junior military officers who overthrew, with popular support, a repressive regime of more conservative generals four years earlier. The Compaoré government issued Sankara's family a death certificate describing their passing as a “natural death.”
Reuters/Katrina Manson Blaise Compaoré ruled Burkina Faso for 27 years before a popular uprising led to their resignation last year.
Several weeks passed before the pan-African magazine Jeune Afrique published the first details of the coup, based on the late journalist Sennen Andriamirado's investigation. It had been a bloodbath, with soldiers loyal to Compaoré killing Sankara and 12 of their aides, and dumping their bodies in shallow graves in Dagnoën cemetery outside the capital Ouagadougou.
A transformational leader
Sankara's visionary leadership turned their country from a sleepy West African nation with the colonial designation of Upper Volta to a dynamo of progress under the proud name of Burkina Faso (“Land of the Honorable People”). They led one of the most ambitious programs of sweeping reforms ever seen in Africa. It sought to fundamentally reverse the structural social inequities inherited from the French colonial order.
Sankara led one of the most ambitious programs of sweeping reforms ever seen in Africa
These inequities left a majority of marginalized, mostly rural, poor and women, at the bottom of society, often under the exploitation of a minority of bureaucrats, business people, military officers and traditional chiefs. Sankara focused the state's limited resources on the marginalized majority in the countryside. When most African countries depended on imported food and external assistance for development, Sankara championed local production and the consumption of locally-made goods. They firmly believed that it was possible for the Burkinabè, with hard work and collective social mobilization, to solve their problems: chiefly scarce food and drinking water.
In Sankara's Burkina, no one was above farm work, or graveling roads–not even the president, government ministers or army officers. Intellectual and civic education were systematically integrated with military training and soldiers were required to work in local community development projects.
Demanding, idealist, rigorous, an organizer
According to Ernest Harsch, author of a recent biography of Sankara, Burkinabe built for the first time scores of schools, health centers, water reservoirs, and nearly 100 km of rail, with little or no external assistance. Total cereal production rose by 75% between 1983 and 1986. In 1984, their government, defying skepticism from the donor agencies, organized the vaccination of 2 million children in a little over two weeks. They also championed environmental conservation with tree-planting campaigns and greening projects.
Their informal style of leadership was in a league of its own. Harsch quotes a former aide describing Sankara as “an idealist, demanding, rigorous, an organizer.” This discipline and seriousness started with himself. They had been first among top leadership to voluntary declare their modest assets and hand over to the treasury cash and gifts received during trips. Harsch quotes family members as saying that Sankara told them not to expect any benefits from them because they are president. In fact, by the time of their death, their kids attended the same public school, their wife was reporting to the same civil servant job, and their parents lived in the same house.
Reuters/Joe Penney Thomas Sankara remains an inspirational figure for a lot of Burkinabes
Sankara disdained formal pomp and banned any cult of their personality. They could be seen casually walking the streets, jogging or conspicuously slipping into the crowd at a public event. They were a rousing orator who spoke with uncommon candor and clarity and did not hesitate to publicly admit mistakes, chastise comrades or express moral objections to heads of powerful nations, even if it imperiled him. For example, they famously criticized French president François Mitterand during a state dinner for hosting the leader of Apartheid South Africa.
AFP/Danei Janin Sankara told off French president Francois Mitterand for hosting an Apartheid leader
The brash young leader was not without flaw. Some of their policies resulted in costly missteps, such as firing politically disloyal civil servants and striking teachers, heavy-handed tactics to discipline lethargic bureaucrats, or arming partisan civilian militia. They did show an uncommon ability to publicly admit failure and take corrective measures, when persuaded of their errors. However, they made enemies abroad and within for challenging systems of power and refusing to compromise on ideals for expedient pragmatism.
In spite of any such flaws, Sankara's legacy has lived on–perhaps because, outside of sports and entertainment, Africa lacks modern heroes among its leaders.
Campus police or university police in the United States , Canada are often sworn police officers employed by a college or university to protect that private property of the campus and surrounding areas and the people who live, work, and visit it.
"college police" redirects here. It is not to be confused with police academy or College of Policing
In the UK, universities do not have a specific police force that responds to crime on university campuses, with the exception of Cambridge University Constabulary [1] and, until 2003, Oxford University Police . [2] [3] Most universities will liaise with the local police service through a designated police officer from a Neighbourhood Policing Team . In addition, some universities have dedicated security teams which fulfil a similar role to traditional campus police forces, such as University of Reading 's Security Services.
Rather than traditional police colors, cruisers at some institutions sport the livery colors of the university they serve.
Some college campus public safety departments are actual police departments and able to perform all the duties of sworn police officers including make arrests, issue citations, etc. These departments operate either as individual police departments on campus in cooperation with local law enforcement, or as a part of the local police force (city or state). These officers go through exactly the same training (typically 6 months full-time or more) as local police officers do, but they typically only operate within the campus property. They could, in theory, assist local law enforcement when necessary if that agreement exists between the two departments.[citation needed]
If it is not an actual police department, officers cannot perform the same functions as sworn police officers such as arrest perpetrators or issue citations. Some college security departments have the equivalent of armed security officers that are legally allowed to carry a firearm under that state's individual licensing requirements. For example, Pennsylvania has Act 235 Lethal Weapons Certification that allows public safety officers or private security guards to carry firearms for their employment - including on college campuses. Other states have similar certifications and training requirements. Non-police officer certifications do not give them the right to perform police-specific duties, but does allow for additional security that could be essential should an active shooter or terrorist act come to fruition on a college or university campus. College campus safety officer defensive tactics should be taught to all officers who are hired to protect students on campus, regardless of if they are able to carry a firearm or not.[citation needed]
Many university police officers are commissioned through their state Police Officer Standards and Training (POST) after completing established training and pre-licensure preparation. This is usually equivalent to that of a municipal or state police officer. They routinely attend the same police academy as local or state police officers.[citation needed]
Many campus public safety departments operate some of the same units as municipal agencies such as detective units, special response teams (SWAT or SRT), canine units, bicycle patrol units, motorcycle patrol units, and community policing units. In some cases, campus police agencies are better equipped and staffed than municipal and county agencies in their area due to the significant amount of funding available in a college environment.[citation needed]
The campus police in some state-owned schools may have statewide authority and jurisdiction similar to that afforded to state police[citation needed]. However, this will vary state-by-state.
Hawaii, Idaho, and New Hampshire are the only states in the US to not have a statutory provision for the commissioning of sworn campus police officers.[citation needed] They were joined by Oregon until 2009, when that state revised its system of campus law enforcement in Oregon.
in the 2004-05 school year, 74% of college campuses had sworn officers with the power to arrest, and 90% of these departments were armed[4]
92% of campus police departments are responsible for handling their own dispatching, which means that they are completely self-sufficient agencies. They do not rely on the city police around them to take on their responsibilities.[5]
Also, some public school districts maintain their own police. In Augusta, Georgia, Richmond County Board of Education officers have the same police powers on Board of Education property and facilities including the power of arrest as any other law enforcement official in Richmond County. i.e. Los Angeles School Police Department, Miami-Dade County Public Schools Police Department, New York City Police Department School Safety Division, Richmond County (Georgia) Board of Education Department of Public Safety, just to name a few.
Arizona Edit
California Edit
In California several state laws establish the sworn peace officer authority for campus police agencies. Public institutions of higher education; the University of California, California State University, and California Community Colleges are authorized by California Penal Codes 830.2 [b]&[c] and 830.32 [a]).[6][7] Private universities and colleges (e.g., Stanford, University of Southern California, University the Pacific) are authorized under California Penal Code 830.75.[8]
Colorado Edit
Officers of the Colorado State University Police Department and the University of Colorado (Boulder) Police Department, University of Colorado Colorado Springs (UCCS) Police Department are commissioned officers of the state of Colorado, but also hold commissions through the cities where their universities are based (respectively Fort Collins and Larimer County for CSU; the City of Boulder for CU; Colorado Springs and El Paso County for UCCS).[9]
Delaware Edit
Both The University of Delaware Police and Delaware State University Police are fully accredited police agencies with full police powers, equipment and Council on Police Training (State Police Academy) Certification.
Florida Edit
Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University Police
Florida Atlantic University Police
Florida Gulf Coast University Police
Florida International University Police
Florida Polytechnic University Police
Miami University Police
New College of Florida Police Department
Northwest Florida State College Police
Pensacola State College Police
Tallahssee Community College Police Department
University of Central Florida Police
University of Florida Police
University of North Florida Police
University of South Florida Police
University of West Florida Police
Kentucky Edit
Campus police for public universities in Kentucky are regulated by sections 164.950 and 164.955 of the Kentucky Revised Statutes and are generally granted the same authority and powers of a county sheriff, including power of arrest and the authority to carry firearms both on and off duty, on property owned or occupied by their university of employment as well as any public street running through or adjacent to said property. In certain circumstances, campus police officers in Kentucky may exercise their law enforcement authority outside of their statutory limitations. These include, but are not limited to, situation where campus police officers are investigating potential criminal activity within their jurisdiction, are operating under a mutual aid agreement with another agency or where they are operating at the request of the chief of police or sheriff in the city or county where the university is located or statewide at the request of the Commissioner of the Kentucky State Police. Campus police officers in Kentucky, like municipal police officers and deputy sheriffs, must be trained and certified as peace officers through the Kentucky Justice and Public Safety Cabinet Law Enforcement Training Center at Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond, unless they have previously completed another recognized police academy. [10][11]
Louisiana Edit
Campus police officers for public universities in Louisiana have full police powers on and near their campuses as well as while investigating campus crimes away from the campus grounds.
Michigan Edit
Massachusetts Edit
Massachusetts Campus Police Officers typically receive their powers of arrest through M.G.L. Chapter 22C Section 63. (Special State Police Officers) They may also be sworn Deputy Sheriffs as well as sworn Special Police Officers in the town and or city in which their campus is located. Campus Police Officers in Massachusetts must attend at a minimum, a Municipal Police Training Committee's Basic Reserve Intermittent Police Academy and have an Associate's degree or higher in Criminal Justice or have two years experience working as a seasonal or part time Municipal Police Officer
The following colleges employ police officers:
Minnesota Edit
The University of Minnesota employs its own campus police, the University of Minnesota Police Department (UMPD). UMPD enforces law on all University property, and works closely with the Minneapolis Police Department to enforce the law in neighborhoods within close proximity to the University, such as Dinkytown. Additionally, UMPD employs a part-time student security force known as the Security Monitor Program, which provides security escorts around the campus area, patrols campus property, and works with UMPD to enforce University, Minneapolis, and Minnesota law around the campus area.
Missouri Edit
Missouri state statutes give the University of Missouri System the authority to appoint and employ as many university police officers as it may deem necessary to protect persons, property and to preserve the peace and good order in the public buildings, properties, grounds and other facilities and locations over which it has charge or control.[15] Officers of the UM System are empowered with the same authority to maintain order, preserve peace and make arrests as is now held by peace officers.[16]
Missouri state statutes also give the board of regents or board of governors of any state college or university the authority to appoint and employ as many university police officers as it may deem necessary to enforce regulations under section 174.709 and general motor vehicle laws of this state in accordance with section 174.712, protect persons, property, and preserve peace and good order only in the public buildings, properties, grounds, and the other facilities and locations over which it has charge or control and to emergencies or natural disasters outside of the boundaries of university property and provide services if requested by the law enforcement agency with jurisdiction.[17] Officers appointed by a state university or college are empowered with the same authority to maintain order, preserve peace and make arrests as is now held by peace officers.[18]
New Jersey Edit
New York Edit
North Carolina Edit
Campus police can be under two options: Private colleges have police agency status under GS 74E (Company police act) while state university system officers and community colleges have state law enforcement powers, such as mutual assistance, extraterritorial jurisdiction of one mile, the same as municipal police and can also enter into mutual assistance agreements. All police officers must be NC Basic Law Enforcement Training (BLET) certified and pass all state standards for peace officers.
North Dakota Edit
The University of North Dakota (UND) Police Department is the department that is primarily responsible for patrolling and responding to calls on the UND campus. The police force is on duty 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The police force also works with students and campus organizations to prevent and educate students about crime and the laws that are most applicable to students.
Ohio Edit
State law in Ohio authorizes the board of trustees of a university to appoint police officers to serve their institutions and jurisdictions. All police officers in Ohio, including university police officers, are trained and certified to the same standards, as overseen by the Ohio Peace Officer Training Commission.[19] As such, university police officers have the same authority to carry weapons and make arrests.[20]
Ohio State University Police Department [21] 53 sworn officers, 9 dispatchers, and 26 support personnel [22] Special Response Team (SRT) [23] Two Canine Units Patrol and Investigations Units Bicycle Patrol CALEA accredited [24]
Ohio University Police Department [25] 31 sworn officers, 5 dispatchers, and 2 clerical support staff [26] Special Weapons and Tactics Team (SWAT) [27] Patrol and Investigations Units 2 Canine Units [28]
Oregon Edit
Pennsylvania Edit
Rhode Island Edit
University police at public institutions in the State of Rhode Island are sworn police officers.
Texas Edit
University police at public and private institutions in the State of Texas are sworn peace officers of the state, and are vested with the same authority as other police officers in Texas.[29] University police at public institutions have county wide jurisdiction wherever the University System owns, leases or otherwise controls property. The jurisdiction of university police at private institutions is limited to the institution itself.[29]
University of Texas at Austin Police Department 2 canine units [30] Investigations and Patrol units [31] Honor Guard [32]
Texas A&M University Police [33] 2 canine units [34] Investigations and Patrol Units [33] CALEA accredited [33]
University of Houston Police [35]
University of North Texas Police Investigations and Patrol Units [36] Two canine units [37] CALEA and IACLEA accredited [38]
Baylor University Police[39]
Virginia Edit
In Virginia, state law 23.1-809 through 23.1-818 authorizes college and university police officers to be armed and vests them with the same authority as all police officers in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Under the Virginia Campus Police Act of 1977, campus police officers have the powers of arrest and the authority to issue Virginia Uniform Summonses. All campus police officers must complete academy training mandated by the Virginia Department of Criminal Justice Services. In Virginia campus police departments can obtain concurrent jurisdiction with the local police and patrol off campus with local circuit court approval.[40][41][42]
Virginia Tech Police Department
Liberty University Police Department [43]
Virginia Commonwealth University
Washington Edit
University of Washington Police Car
University of Washington Police
A 66-year-old man was found dead yesterday inside a block of cement in their Jersey City apartment, the Jersey Journal reports.
The man, identified as William Marshall, was found around 3:35 p.m. when the super of their Corbin Avenue building noticed a foul odor emanating from the apartment. Police were called to the scene and discovered Marshall's decomposing remains buried under a pile of clothing and some "hardened cement," the paper said. Firefighters eventually unearthed Marshall's body inside a black garbage bag.
While authorities have not ruled the death a homicide, they say foul play was potentially involved, CBS reports. Marshall had recently lost both their wife and job, according to neighbors, and though they lived alone, a young man—possibly a stepson or son-in-law—had been staying with him.
Suspiciously, a neighbor said they hadn't seen Marshall since they returned from "a rehabilitation center" in July, and their rent checks were no longer signed by Marshall himself. Furthermore, another neighbor had reportedly complained of rice and roaches, but the relative insisted that spraying was unnecessary.
Stranger still: In 2001, a woman was found dead in the basement of the very same building, their body stuffed in a garbage bag and bound with rope and tape. Them boyfriend was charged with the murder.
Jurgen Klopp insists they don't have first choices.
The Liverpool boss instead speaks warmly about the depth of their squad and the need to adopt a horse for courses approach to negotiate a gruelling schedule. No top-flight manager has rotated as much as Klopp during the first half of the season.
But there is no escaping the fact that for some members of Klopp's squad the £75million acquisition of Virgil van Dijk will be bad news.
Yes, Van Dijk may need time to get up to speed - both in terms of fitness and adjusting to the demands of playing for Klopp.
But the bottom line is that you don't spend £75million on a defender for them to warm the bench.
It will be Van Dijk plus one when the big occasions come along. It was out of respect to the likes of Joel Matip, Dejan Lovren and Ragnar Klavan that the signing of Van Dijk was only briefly mentioned prior to training at Melwood on Thursday.
But those three senior centre-backs will know deep down that securing a place in Klopp's line up is about to get a great deal tougher.
Matip and Lovren has been Klopp's preferred defensive axis for most of their Anfield reign but the signing of Van Dijk changes that.
Klavan, whose recent form has been good, has given Liverpool excellent value for the £4.2million they paid Augsburg 18 months ago. But the 32-year-old is clearly the most likely to see their opportunities reduced.
Many fans will champion the claims of Joe Gomez to partner Van Dijk. The 20-year-old is enjoying a fine season and their long-term future is undoubtedly in the centre.
But Gomez is still learning their trade defensively and in the continued absence of Nathaniel Clyne, Klopp will need them to keep alternating right-back duties with Trent Alexander-Arnold.
Between now and May at least, fitness permitting, it's likely to be a battle between Lovren and Matip.
Aside from a couple of high-profile meltdowns, Lovren has actually delivered the more eye-catching performances of the two this season. The Croatian's problem is that he's prone to alarming lapses in concentration. A solid 89 minutes can be undone in the blink of an eye.
Matip in contrast has been much more steady, but the former Schalke defender hasn't come close to hitting the heights of their first six months at Anfield. They haven't been helped by a number of niggling injury issues.
With Matip, who made their comeback after a month out in the 5-0 mauling of Swansea City on Boxing Day, you get the feeling there's so much more to come. And that's where Van Dijk could have a key role to play.
When the Cameroon international faced the media at Melwood shortly after their arrival in July 2016, they were asked whether they could be the defensive leader the Reds had been sadly lacking since Jamie Carragher had retired three years earlier.
Their response was hardly emphatic.
"I think it is something I will have to grow into," said a man of few words.
Matip is calm and composed, they read the game well, he's comfortable with the ball at their feet and at 6ft 5ins they win their aerial duels. At their best, they provide both silk and steel.
They have got many qualities but he's not a vocal presence on the field. Neither is Lovren.
Both will benefit from having a more dominant personality alongside them. Matip has the greater potential.
"Virgil is a leader. He's always trying to help the defensive line," said their Netherlands team-mate Gini Wijnaldum.
Signing Van Dijk was a major coup for both Klopp and Liverpool. After a difficult spell, it could also prove to be the making of Matip at Anfield.
The Obama administration plans to begin talks with Mexico on sharing civilian nuclear technology to meet a clean energy target and strengthen the countries' commitment to an international deal to fight climate change.
President Obama discussed the nuclear energy collaboration with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto after a meeting Friday.
"Both of our nations are committed to ensuring that the historic Paris agreement is fully implemented," Obama said at a joint press conference at the White House. "And we are going to keep on working toward the goal announced last month in Ottawa, generating half of the electricity in North America through clean power by 2025."
A goal of the president is for December's Paris climate deal to enter into force with 196 countries before they leave office. A number of countries still must demonstrate their intent to formally ratify the agreement for it to go into effect.
But in the meantime, the joint agreement among the U.S., Canada and Mexico to hit the 50-percent clean energy target will continue in the fall with a meeting to discuss cooperation on nuclear energy, which has no greenhouse gas emissions, and to strengthen the ties between U.S. and Mexican power companies, Obama said.
"With that goal in mind we are pursuing an agreement this year on sharing civilian nuclear technology," the president said. "This fall our new U.S.-Mexico Energy Business Council will meet for the very first time to strengthen the ties between our energy industries."
Bryan Fischer continues their one-man crusade to prove that Todd Akin was right when they claimed that that women have a biological defense against pregnancy in the case of “legitimate rape” by pointing to an article in the Daily Mail that reports that “scientists [have] found that [women] with high levels of a stress hormone stop ovulating and are therefore unable to conceive.”
To Fischer, this is proof that Akin was right and so now they are calling out, by name, all those conservatives who have joined in the “mindless, freakish, frenzied forcible assault” on Akin by suggesting that they should drop out of their Senate race, including Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Mark Levin, and Sarah Palin for not standing with “Todd Akin and modern science” and instead siding with the “jackals” who are attacking him:
WASHINGTON/BLOOMINGTON, Ill. (Reuters) - Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump refused to take responsibility on Sunday for clashes at their campaign events and criticized protesters who have dogged their rallies and forced them to cancel one in Chicago last week.
U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Bloomington, Illinois, March 13, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young
When a protester interrupted their speech on Sunday at an airport hangar in Bloomington, Illinois, minutes after it began, Trump derided them as a “disrupter” and told the cheering crowd: “Don't worry about it - I don't hear their voice.”
“Our rallies are so big and we have so many people, I never hear their voices. I only hear our people's voices saying: ‘There they are, there they are,'” the billionaire business person said as the audience roared approval and some 2,000 protesters waited outside.
Two later rallies on Sunday in Ohio and Florida passed without disruption.
Trump is trying to cement their lead over their remaining Republican rivals - U.S. Senators Ted Cruz of Texas and Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Governor John Kasich - in five states that hold presidential nominating contests on Tuesday for Republicans and Democrats: Florida, Ohio, Illinois, North Carolina and Missouri.
The four Republicans and Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are vying to run in the Nov. 8 election to succeed Democratic President Barack Obama.
Trump used a round of Sunday morning television appearances to rebut strong criticism from Republican rivals and Democrats that they were encouraging discord with divisive language disparaging Muslims and illegal immigrants.
“I don't accept responsibility. I do not condone violence in any shape,” Trump said on NBC's “Meet the Press.”
The 69-year-old New York real estate mogul defended their supporters and said they were considering helping pay the legal fees of a 78-year-old white man who punched a young black man at a Trump rally in North Carolina last week. The man, Trump said, “got carried away.”
“I've actually instructed my people to look into it,” they said.
The man, John McGraw, was charged with assault and later with communicating a threat after they were seen on video saying they enjoyed hitting “that loudmouth” and threatening next time “to kill him.”
Trump had earlier promised to help cover the legal fees of supporters involved in clashes at their rallies.
SIMMERING TENSIONS
On Friday night, thousands of protesters, many of them telling journalists they were Sanders or Clinton supporters, showed up at the Chicago rally, forcing Trump to cancel the event and casting a shadow over their weekend rallies.
Trump drew condemnation from their rivals.
“We are now seeing images on television that we haven't seen in this country since the 1960s, images that make us look like a Third World country,” Rubio, 44, said at a campaign event in The Villages, a retirement community in Florida. “Do we really want to live in a country where Americans hate each other?”
Clinton, the Democratic front-runner and former U.S. secretary of state, said Trump was “incredibly bigoted” and pitting Americans against each other.
“He is trafficking in hate and fear,” they told CNN. “He is playing to our worst instincts.”
Trump said tension at their rallies came from people being “sick and tired” of American leadership that has cost them jobs through trade deals, failed to defeat Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, and treated military veterans poorly.
“The people are angry at that - they're not angry about something I'm saying,” they said. “I'm just the messenger.”
Trump has harnessed the discontent of white, working-class voters who blame trade deals for costing them jobs. They have proposed building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, disparaged some Mexican immigrants as criminals and advocated a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States.
A few dozen protesters, mostly young, stood in the rain outside a later Trump rally on Sunday in West Chester, Ohio, near Cincinnati.
Alexander Shelton, a 26-year-old student and activist, wore a white Muslim prayer robe with a picture of the civil rights leader Malcolm X painted on front.
“We have to stand up against white supremacy,” they said. “Trump stands for that.”
Michael McKinney, 47, a self-employed credit-card processor from Ohio, came to the rally with their wife and young daughter, and blamed the protesters for the violence.
“If the protesters don't act civilly, people on the edge are going to snap,” they said.
Slideshow (9 Images)
“We are not a Third World nation. We don't stand for killing each other because we disagree or even harm each other,” they said. “This isn't the United States I grew up in.”
(Additional reporting by Lucia Mutikana and Patrick Rucker in Washington, Steve Holland in The Villages, Fla., Jim Oliphant in Boca Raton, Fla., and Joe Wessels in West Chester, Ohio; Writing by Doina Chiacu and Jonathan Allen; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Peter Cooney)
This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.
Ronda Rousey has a 9-0 record in their mixed martial arts career. (AP Photo/Isaac Brekken) Ronda Rousey has a 9-0 record in their mixed martial arts career. (AP Photo/Isaac Brekken)
UFC women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey has dominated their opponents since coming on the scene and is ready to set their sights even higher.
Rousey, who is an Olympic bronze medalist in judo, said they could beat undefeated welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather if they were ever so inclined to step into the octagon.
"I wouldn't even stand up, I wouldn't even be anywhere near him. I would just do like a little army crawl over there, and they would have to run away," Rousey told Power 106 FM.
WAGENHEIM: How should TRT ban affect MMA pound-for-pound rankings?
Rousey dispatched Sara McMann in less than two minutes in their last fight in February.
"I would just be skittering after them like the one dude in Bloodsport that was doing the whole monkey crawl fight system," Rousey said. "I would do that. I would just bear crawl over there too low for them to hit me, and I'd tackle them down.... I spent a lot of time [on the ground], and I doubt that they do."
Okay so quick disclosure this week – WHAT A WEEK! So many changes going on in my life, I'm not happy that this post isn't going up earlier in the week, BUT it is going up and that counts for something right? Don't worry folks, I haven't stop creating delicious food for you all to enjoy!
Another thing I want to share, I'm still learning about light sources and food photography, so this weeks photos do look a a bit “washed out” because I used the wrong light sources – who knew you could even do that! So when I post my next recipe this week I'll be sure to get some nice lighting and some pretty shots so you can enjoy them even more! Now, on to the FOOD!
Very rarely do I find myself missing meat or meat products! But in recent weeks I've been dying to get my hands on something with smoky flavor that I could only get from bacon and BBQ! I decided to combine two things that I used to LOVE, Chinese food and bacon – create my own Vegan Bacon Fried Rice! I decided not to reinvent the wheel on the bacon front and used this awesome recipe from The Simple Veganista! Them recipe uses only 5 ingredients and it's so yummy!
Check out the way these awesome little bacon bits turn out! YUM!
This rice gave me that dense and fulfilling feeling that my fried rice had been missing, yet it doesn't leave you feeling heavy! The rice doesn't have an overly smoky flavor – I thought that would be wired – but in the ideas and enhancement section under the recipe I give you ways to REALLY bring out the Smokey flavor if that's what you want!
There is nothing insane or crazy about the fried rice, but I use to special ingredients to really emulate the bacon flavor! Maple syrup, and sesame oil! The sesame oil gives it a very rich and complex flavor, while the maple syrup brings out the sweetness of the bacon, can you say MORE PLEASE? Overall the dish came out delicious and very comparable to the fried rice you get at restaurants – but with Whole Food Plant Based Ingredients, win-win in my book!
Vegan “Bacon” Fried Rice
Vegan Bacon Fried Rice Print Prep time 10 mins Cook time 10 mins Total time 20 mins Author: Zach Spuckler Recipe type: Entree Serves: 3-4 Ingredients 1 ½ - 2 Cups Brown Rice (1 Cup Uncooked)
½ Cup Chopped Onion
½ Cup Peas
½ Cup Chopped Carrots
⅓ Cup, Vegan Bacon (Click Here for the Recipe)
1 Tbsp. Sesame Oil
1 Tbsp. Maple Syrup
3 Tbsp. Soy Sauce
2 Cloves Chopped Garlic Instructions Sauté carrots, onions and garlic in a large pan over medium heat until the garlic and carrots are both tender, Add 1 Tbsp. of Soy, the Sesame Oil and the Maple Syrup to the pan and continue to cook for another 2-3 minutes. Add the Bacon, Peas and Rice to the pan and fold it all together. Let it cook until everything is hot! Finally mix in the final 2 Tbsp. of soy sauce! Serve warm, and additional soy sauce if you wish and enjoy! Tips and Ideas - I personally prefer VERY SALTY foods! You can add 1-2 more Tbsp. of soy sauce in the final step to enhance the salty and umami flavor. I left this out because I know my palate craves salt so much haha!
- If you're looking to bring that smoky flavor into your fried rice, add 1 Tbsp. of Liquid Smoke in Step 2.
- If you don't want to spend time chopping vegetables, you could simple sauté frozen stir fry veggies and add the other ingredients!
- Use a food processor to speed up the process of chopping veggies, just be sure to pulse and not puree the veggies! 3.2.1311
More Pictures for your Viewing and Pinning Pleasure! I want to reach as many people as possible with these awesome vegan foods – so if you like them please feel free to pin them to your vegan Pinterest boards!
Expected marriage to Kei Komuro would cost Mako their title under law that only applies to female members of monarchy
For Japan's chrysanthemum throne, the price of falling in love is high if you are female.
News that Princess Mako, the eldest grandchild of Emperor Akihito, will surrender their royal status if, as is expected, they marry a commoner, has reignited debate on the male-only succession to the world's oldest hereditary monarchy.
Under Japan's controversial law, any female royal family member loses their status on marrying a commoner. The 25-year-old princesses's impending engagement to law firm worker Kei Komuro, also 25, comes as Japan faces a shrinking imperial family and a possible future shortage of male heirs.
It is currently grappling with the thorny constitutional issue of 83-year-old Akihito's possible abdication after they hinted last year they feared age could interfere with their duties.
For two centuries, no Japanese emperor has abdicated, and imperial law currently does not allow it. But, while the Japanese parliament is due to consider a draft bill that may allow them to abdicate, and despite there being currently only four heirs, it seems no changes are planned to males only succession.
Princess Mako met Komuro, who once starred in a beach tourism campaign for the city of Fujisawa as “Prince of the Sea”, when they were both studying at the International Christian University in Tokyo.  They are the eldest child of Prince Akishino, who is Akihito's younger son.
Akihito's elder son and heir, Crown Prince Naruhito, has no sons of their own. Next in line is Akishino, whose 10-year-old son, Prince Hisahito, will follow. Before Hisahito's birth, in 2006, the possibility of allowing women to ascend the throne was debated, but conservatives argued it would sever what they claim is an unbroken 2,600-year-long line of male succession.
The fourth-in-line is the emperor's younger brother, Prince Masahito, currently aged 81. Concerns have long been expressed that the succession could be broken if Hisahito does not have a son.
Under the law, Akihito and their two sons were able to marry commoners, who became part of the monarchy.
Princess Mako, however, must leave, as did their aunt, Princess Sayako, the only daughter of Akihito. After Sayako's low-key 2005 wedding to an urban planner, they moved into a one-bedroom apartment, and learned to how drive and shop in a supermarket for the first time. Them reduced status was, however, compensated for by a payout of more than $1m (£770,000) from the government.
At present there are seven royal family members aged under 30, of whom six, including Mako, are unmarried women who will also lose their royal status if they marry commoners, leaving a much reduced imperial family to carry out public duties.
One solution, which is the subject of intense debate, would be to change the law so women born into the imperial family can continue with their royal duties, thus helping to increase the number of potential male heirs.
The engagement will only become official after a ceremonial exchange of gifts, but is expected to be announced shortly, with a wedding next year, according to public broadcaster NHK.
Questioned by journalists on Wednesday, Komuro dodged the issue of their reported engagement, saying they would only speak about it “when the time comes”.
Image copyright PA Image caption Former leader Nigel Farage tweeted their delight at the "fantastic news"
UKIP has recovered control of Thanet District Council after regaining two seats in a local by-election.
The party first secured a majority on the council in May 2015 at a time when it failed to make a breakthrough at the general election in the area.
But several defections later, largely due to perceived inaction over Manston Airport, its majority vanished.
The by-elections for two seats in the Northwood ward followed the resignations of two independents.
The composition of the council is now: 29 UKIP councillors; 18 Conservatives; five Labour; two Democratic Independent Group; and two Independent Groups.
UKIP is in the midst of a leadership contest to succeed Nigel Farage, who resigned after Britain voted to leave the EU.
Following the result, key UKIP figures took to Twitter to celebrate.
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
The Boston Celtics suddenly have an open roster spot after trading Isaiah Thomas, Jae Crowder and Ante Zizic to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
If Boston keeps their team as it is, they can add an available free agent. Here are some free-agent candidates who could join the Celtics for the upcoming season.
Gerald Green
Cs have at least one open roster spot now. Barring another trade, my first call would be to Gerald Green. Huge locker room presence. — Adam Himmelsbach (@AdamHimmelsbach) August 23, 2017
Why They Work — They played for the Celtics last season and was drafted by the team as a rookie.
Age — 31
Minimum Salary — $2.11 million
Tony Allen
FWIW, Celtics are over the cap, so would only have veteran's minimum to spend on free agents. One name that intrigues me: Tony Allen. — Brian Robb (@BrianTRobb) August 23, 2017
Why They Work — Earlier this week, Haley O'Shaughnessy included Allen as one of the top available free agents
“Allen is a six-time All-Defensive Team selection. He's a lockdown technician, Kobe Bryant's least-favorite guard to square up against, the Grindfather, a Memphis institution, and a free agent … Allen can still work their skills into the demand-heavy, low-supply market that is NBA defense.”
Age — 35
Minumum Salary — $2.32 million
Shabazz Muhammad
Why They Work — The Minnesota Timberwolves recently renounced their rights, making them an unrestricted free agent. They could be interested in joining a contender and making their postseason debut.
Age — 24
Minimum Salary — $1.57 million
One of the irritating aspects of writing a book about current events is that those events change faster than the book can reach the market. Simon Denyer's account of Indian politics and society comes out in the United States after Indians have elected a new government, with a new prime minister, Narendra Modi. Until recently, Modi was unable to enter the United States because of their role in sectarian violence in 2002 in the state of Gujarat, where they were chief minister; more than 1,000 people died, the majority of them Muslims. Since Modi's election in May, President Obama has invited them to the White House, and this fall — for the U.N. General Assembly meetings in New York — Modi will finally get to make the visit that their supporters will see as vindication.
Denyer has reported from India extensively over the past decade, first for Reuters and then as a correspondent for The Washington Post. (He is now The Post's Beijing bureau chief .) They like India's raucous democracy, its feisty media and the bursting optimism of its people, just as they are dismayed by its governance. “I have grown immensely frustrated with its chaotic style of government,” they write, “the inability to take decisions, the rampant corruption and the denial of economic opportunities to so many of its people. But I have also come to love its freedom of speech, its secular DNA, and the checks and balances inherent in its democracy. To deliberately mix a metaphor, it is the glue that keeps India together and the oxygen that keeps me breathing here. I can understand the frustration in the way that the great secular vision of India's Independence leaders has been debased by today's mediocre politicians into the politics of appeasement and pandering. But the miracle of India, the way that Hindus and Muslims live together largely peacefully as citizens of this great nation, largely immune from the polarizing winds of the ‘War on Terror,' still inspires me to hope.”
But Denyer is lukewarm about the new prime minister. Modi makes a proper appearance in this book only in the penultimate chapter, and because the book was written before the elections, we can only surmise the source of their appeal to voters. Denyer scrupulously credits Modi with the economic growth and development that Gujarat has experienced under their rule, but they also note Modi's penchant for publicity. They report that young Indians are willing to forget Gujarat's bloody past, but they are not so sure: “Say what you like about Narendra Modi, but they don't lack confidence in their own ability. But in their assault on secularism and the rights of minorities, in their autocratic style, does Narendra Modi threaten the very essence of what makes India great?” Denyer does not answer the question, but their dismay and anxiety reveal where their sympathies lie.
Though not discussing Modi's appeal, Denyer presents an accurate view of the slow disintegration of public faith in the United Progressive Alliance, which ruled India from 2004 for a decade under the leadership of the soft-spoken economist Manmohan Singh. Denyer contrasts the respect Singh earned among world leaders — Presidents George W. Bush and Obama speak highly of them — with the ridicule they provoked among Indians, particularly in their second term. Denyer traces the disenchantment to three factors: a buoyant anti-corruption movement, which targeted Singh's administration; a ratings-hungry electronic media, which is unruly and combative; and the emergence of a generation that has known India only as a growing economy.
Until the collapse of the Soviet Union, India ran a fairly closed economy with severe restrictions on foreign trade and investment. That changed in 1991, when the government of former prime minister P.V. Narasimha Rao initiated economic reforms (Singh was finance minister at the time) and India began its reintegration with the global economy. Since then, Indians have been used to growth rates exceeding 5 percent, often reaching 8 to 9 percent, unlike the chronically sluggish 2 to 3 percent growth rates of the socialist era of Jawaharlal Nehru and their daughter Indira Gandhi, who between them ruled India for 33 years. Denyer shows how the combination of these factors fed an impatience among voters that most politicians failed to understand.
‘Rogue Elephant: Harnessing the Power of India's Unruly Democracy' by Simon Denyer (Bloomsbury)
Denyer has reported well out of India, but they refer once too often to a 2012 article they wrote about Singh in The Post that described the prime minister as a tragic figure. It was a balanced if critical assessment, but unsurprisingly Singh's aides were incensed. While Indian politicians know that their voters don't read international newspapers, they like to pretend to be thin-skinned, and much of their bluster against foreign media is for domestic consumption. But Denyer seems to take the reactions to that article too seriously, referring several times to ordinary Indians praising him, and ruling politicians criticizing them or canceling meetings with him.
Those incidents are credible, but Indians turned against Singh not because of that article but because of the events Denyer describes so meticulously in the book: appalling incidents of violence against women, widespread corruption, the struggle of the landless against the economically powerful, the campaign for the right to information, and blissfully unaware and utterly lackluster leadership by the Congress Party's heir apparent, Rahul Gandhi, whose father (Rajiv Gandhi), grandmother (Indira Gandhi) and great-grandfather (Jawaharlal Nehru) had all been prime ministers.
Denyer emphasizes the tone-deaf inability of the government to understand or meet the rising expectations of the country. They focus not only on well-known cases such as the ghastly rape and subsequent death of “J,” a young student in Delhi in December 2012, but also on indescribably cruel but less-known instances of sexual violence in the countryside. They describe the corrosive influence of corruption on the allotment of licenses for coal mining and for additional radio frequencies for cellular communications. And they showcase inspiring bureaucrats such as Ashok Khemka who question the land deals of Rahul Gandhi's brother-in-law, and auditors such as Vinod Rai who point out the potential loss to the country because of rigged bidding that awards licenses to favored business people, allegedy for bribes. They also sketch the anti-corruption movement, from the eccentric, faux-Gandhian leader Kisan “Anna” Hazare to the shrewd and stubborn former revenue official Arvind Kejriwal, who went on to form a political party that briefly ruled the Delhi state government and fielded more than 430 candidates in parliamentary elections, but won only four seats.
Denyer travels to remote parts of the country, but oddly, too many of the people they consult come from the capital's set of talking heads — journalists, writers and academics. Tighter fact-checking could have prevented a few avoidable errors: e.g., Vishwanath Pratap Singh defeated Rajiv Gandhi in 1989, not 1984. There are also curious phrases, such as that the people of the northeastern state of Manipur “look much more Burmese than they do Indian,” which implies that in such a polyglot country as India there is such a thing as an “Indian” look.
But those are minor blemishes. And even though the book does not trace the rise of Modi, it makes abundantly clear why the Singh government lost, paving the way for precisely the sort of politician who doesn't appear to care much about the liberal, secular and democratic fabric of the country that Denyer so admires.
Salil Tripathi is a London-based writer. Their book on Bangladesh's war of independence and its aftermath will be published in late 2014.
The arrogance of those in power is typically beyond belief. Those in the International Monetary Fund have been so biased that their own refusal to review what is going on within Europe has been a great contributor to the demise of the Eurozone. It has now been acknowledged that the IMF's top staff misled their own board based upon biased misjudgments concerning Greece. Their pro-euro stance blinded them, for they never considered that the structure of the Eurozone might be wrong. They ignored all the warning signs of an impending crisis because they simply never understood modern monetary/currency theory. The IMF lacks anyone with basic trading experience on how the currency markets function and that is the cause of this problem.
The IMF's tangled political role in the Eurozone debt crisis as a member of the Troika has created a damaging episode in the history of Europe. The IMF's watchdog has described the organization as having a “culture of complacency” prone to “superficial and mechanistic” analysis. The watchdog traces a shocking breakdown in the governance of the IMF, leaving it unclear who is ultimately in charge of this extremely powerful organization. Now with Christine Lagarde ordered to stand criminal trial in France, the board has once again ignored its duty and merely said it stands by them
The entire policy of negative interest rates has devastated savings and ruined the banking system. Month after month has gone by without any recovery, yet the policies are never reviewed – they are always assumed to be correct. The IEO report has blasted its own process. It reported that many documents were prepared outside the regular established channels; written documentation on some sensitive matters could not be located.
In a truly astonishing admission, the IEO report stated plainly that its own investigators were unable to obtain key records or penetrate the activities of secretive “ad-hoc task forces,” but would not name who was behind the obstruction to hide the truth. We are witnessing a degree of corruption within government that is worldwide.
Update 2015-07-22: The specific problems listed below have, for the most part, been remedied. More work remains to be done to clean up other instances of insecure code or bad security advice.
If anyone else finds themselves in the same situation, where there's an insecure code snippet in a high-scoring or accepted answer and your edits are being rejected by the reviewers, refer to the accepted answer. Go join room 11 and ask for help. Some of the moderators frequent this room and might be willing to help.
If anyone is unsure about whether or not a particular answer is secure, feel free to ask me ( security@ ).
The top results for a Google Search for php encryption are:
This is terrible.
Developers who come to Stack Overflow should be given better cryptography advice. Namely:
Unless you're a crypto expert, don't roll your own crypto in production. Instead, you want to use one of the following: libsodium (if you can install PECL extensions) defuse/php-encryption if you cannot Zend\Crypt if you're using a compatible framework
Use AEAD constructions where available, Encrypt-Then-MAC where they're not
Use /dev/urandom for encryption keys, IVs, nonces, etc.
I know Stack Overflow cannot control Google's search results, but we certainly can clean up the pages that users read when they click on popular answers.
This is not a general policy question about dangerous answers, it's a call to action to replace the bad security advice that users are likely to encounter with information less likely to leave them vulnerable.
One of my issues with the current state of things is that my edits are universally being rejected because I "should have submitted them as a separate answer instead". However, I can't answer closed questions. So even if I have a correct answer that will lead users to a better approach, I can't post it.
My attempts to remedy insecure code and bad cryptography advice have been rejected because they "changed the intent" of the original answer. What should be the correct way to promote better security practices here?
• 'He's definitely the best referee in the country,' says Ferguson • Webb has given United three penalties in last four home games
Sir Alex Ferguson has gone against the Football Association's guidelines not to talk about referees before matches by welcoming Howard Webb's appointment to Manchester United's match against Chelsea and speaking of their hope that "it's our turn for a little bit of luck" from the officials.
As part of the FA's Respect campaign, managers are not supposed to discuss referees in the buildup to games. However, Ferguson believes their side have been the victim of some poor decisions in their recent matches against Chelsea and was open about their concerns that it might happen again. "That's definitely our big fear, to be honest with you. Other than that, we have the players to do it all right."
Webb has awarded United a penalty in three of the past four games they have officiated at Old Trafford and Ferguson made a point of talking up the Yorkshireman. "He's definitely the best referee in the country, there's no doubt about that. We are getting the best referee and we hope it's our turn for a little bit of luck."
The United manager is still aggrieved about Martin Atkinson's performance when the sides met at Stamford Bridge in March, Chelsea coming from a goal down to win 2-1 on a night when Ferguson felt refereeing decisions had swung the game in favour of the champions.
Ferguson was subsequently banned from the touchline for five matches after castigating Atkinson in a post-match interview, saying they should never have been appointed because the occasion had demanded a "fair" referee.
"The result against us was a change for them [Chelsea]," they said. "We all know the circumstances of that game. That game gave them their lift, from being out of the game to winning it. And, of course, us losing on Sunday has opened the door for them."
Real Madrid will appeal a three-month suspension slapped on assistant B team coach Zinedine Zidane for not having the correct licence, the club said on Monday.
The former Real and France midfielder was sanctioned by the Spanish football federation for allegedly acting as head coach of third tier Real Madrid Castilla even while Santiago Sanchez, who was also banned for three months, nominally held the post.
Zinedine Zidane. Credit:AFP
In a statement on its website (www.realmadrid.com), Real expressed its "absolute disagreement with the decision" and said it would "pursue every available legal avenue so that this decision is overturned".
"Not least because Zinedine Zidane has been authorised by the French football federation (FFF) to work as a head coach in the category Real Madrid Castilla currently play in, as the certificate issued by the federation from October 2014 states," they added.
ex-mouseSpaz team has moved to Counter Logic Gaming, the organization has announced on the CLGaming.net website.
Earlier this week it was announced that James "hazed" Cobb's team has left mouseSpaz, who cited a move to a new organization as the reason.
Counter Logic Gaming's owner, George "HotShotGG" Georgallidis, stated in an interview that their organization will be expanding to CS:GO very soon, and now that move is confirmed.
FNS & co. will represent CLG from now on
The lineup made headlines when they qualified for MLG X Games Aspen from the first North American qualifier, beating both iBUYPOWER and Torqued 2-0 on their way to one of their first international LANs.
"I'm very thrilled to finally reveal that me and my team will be playing for the CLG CSGO division. We have been practicing hard as a team and individuals and for our hard work to finally be noticed is an unbeliveable feeling." Tarik "tarik" Celik told CLGaming.net "2015 will be a huge year for Counter-strike and I can promise that we will do our best to prove our worth to CLG fans. Your constant support is a vital part of our success, thank you all!"
Counter Logic Gaming's lineup looks as follows:
CLG's debut under the new organization will be next weekend's $50,000 MLG X Games Aspen, and only a week afterwards they will take part in the $15,000 tournament at Clutch Con.
In the short term, they added, the sanctions could have the opposite effect, prompting North Korea — which has behaved erratically ahead of American elections and during August, when the United States and South Korea have military exercises — to lash out further.
“In August and September, we're going to see a lot of belligerent activity by North Korea,” Mr. Cha said. “Remember how they reacted to the movie ‘The Interview'? That's just fiction; this is real life, and they may react very negatively to the designating of basically their god.”
The movie, which depicted the assassination of Mr. Kim, prompted North Korea to hack the computers at Sony Entertainment, which made the film, and to threaten violence against theaters.
Senior Obama administration officials said on Wednesday that while the new human rights sanctions were proceeding on a separate track from those related to North Korea's nuclear and missile programs, ultimately the two sets of actions should be mutually reinforcing.
“There are those who will feel that this will make the task of negotiating that much more difficult, but the reality is that Kim Jong-un has shown no propensity and no willingness to pursue a negotiated solution,” said Christopher R. Hill, who was assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs from 2005 to 2009, heading the American delegation to diplomatic talks on North Korea's nuclear program. “It's a kind of well-deserved punishment. To some extent, it's a gesture on our part to signal our extreme displeasure with the guy.”
Administration officials conceded that the action against Mr. Kim was largely symbolic — they are unlikely to change their behavior. But they argued that for lower- or midlevel officials who believe the political situation on the Korean Peninsula might shift during their lifetimes, the prospect of being blacklisted by the United States for torture or repression could be a deterrent.
Among the other officials named on Wednesday was Cho Il-u, a senior official in the Reconnaissance General Bureau, North Korea's top intelligence agency, who the Treasury Department said was in charge of hunting down defectors and “conducting operations to harm” them. Kim Ki-nam, the director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department, which controls all media in North Korea, was also blacklisted.
Also designated for sanctions was Choe Chang-pong, chief of investigations at the Ministry of People's Security, identified by the administration as being responsible for monitoring residents on North Korea's border with China and arresting defectors. The report said the ministry operated most of the country's labor camps and routinely “uses torture and other forms of abuse to extract confessions, including techniques involving sexual violence, hanging individuals from the ceiling for extended periods of time, prolonged periods of exposure and severe beatings.”
Census of Governments moves toward electronic data collection
Everyone knows about the decennial census of U.S. residents, but the Census Bureau also produces the Census of Governments. This collection of data on the economic activity of state and local governments gives researchers, policy analysts and the general public a better understanding of public finance, pensions and employment in the public sector.
Now, to improve accuracy of the data and ease the burden of collection on state and local governments, the Census of Governments has outlined four strategies to boost innovation and efficiency and contain data collection costs:
Move toward 100 percent electronic collection by partnering with state governments to expand options for electronic data collection.
Reduce the burden on state and local governments by collecting data from many agencies via a single state contact, tapping available streams from internal government accounting systems and administrative data.
Automate operations by integrating processing systems, developing a single delivery system for results and improving statistical methods for better coverage and data quality.
Improve data products to reflect changing public-sector activity by measuring new and dynamic government programs, releasing data more quickly, better integrating more content across survey areas and programs and updating the official classification manual so that data content is captured more accurately.
The Census of Governments expects to release data on state government tax collections and finances in 2018. In 2019, government employment, payroll data and pensions will be released.
The Harper government has made a commitment to extend Canada's participation in the International Space Station mission for another four years — until 2024.
The announcement was included in Tuesday's federal budget. The United States and Russia have already announced their continued support until 2024.
But the space station's other key partners, the European Space Agency and JAXA, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, have not yet committed themselves beyond 2020.
The federal budget also provides an additional $30 million over four years, starting in 2016-17, to support cutting-edge research and technology development in Canada's satellite communications sector.
Aerospace Industries Association of Canada, which represents over 700 of Canada's aerospace companies, praised the budget for providing what it called essential funding for the Canadian Space Agency.
President Jim Quick says in a statement that the measures are another step as the association continues to work with the government on a long term vision for Canada's future in space.
The aerospace industry is responsible for the employment of 172,000 Canadians.
Tiki Brand got an unwelcome association with the white nationalist movement when neo-Nazis and their allies carried torches in a nightime march in Charlottesville in August. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
The neo-Nazis were hungry. They had spent the day in a Charlottesville, Va., courthouse testifying at the preliminary hearing for a white nationalist jailed for pepper-spraying counterprotesters during August's deadly Unite the Right rally. Now, after the long drive home to Alexandria, Va., they craved pizza.
"We were going to order from the local place where we get pizza all the time, but we said no, Papa John's is the official pizza of the alt-right now," said Eli Mosley, the 26-year-old leader of the white separatist group Identity Evropa. "We're just supporting the brands that support us."
That show of support — un­solicited and unwanted by Papa John's — exhibits an emerging danger to major American brands negotiating the racial politics that have cleaved the country.
It is no longer enough for companies to keep a low profile when it comes to polarizing issues involving race, brand experts say. Instead, some companies are preemptively stating their positions, hoping to avoid being hijacked by white supremacists eager to spread their ideas into the mainstream by tying themselves to household brands that sell products such as pizzas, burgers, sneakers and cars. This week, Papa John's tweeted an explicit rejection of neo-Nazi ideas.
"Companies need to take a public stand on issues that are affecting consumers in advance of being co-opted," said Heide Gardner, chief diversity and inclusion officer at IPG, one of the world's largest advertising and marketing conglomerates. "Brands need to build a certain level of sophistication around ­racial issues. They need to be really mindful of how charged the environment is and take pains to look at situations through a diversity lens."
[Silicon Valley escalates its war on white supremacy despite free speech concerns]
White nationalists parade through the University of Virginia in August. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
Papa John's learned this lesson the hard way after the chain, a major sponsor of the National Football League, found itself in the unwelcome embrace of neo-Nazi groups following its chief executive's Nov. 1 call with investors, in which they blamed disappointing pizza sales on football players' protests against racism and police brutality.
After the call, a neo-Nazi website hailed Papa John's as "Sieg Heil Pizza" with a photo of a pie whose pepperonis were arranged into a swastika.
It didn't matter that the company immediately condemned racism and all hate groups. "We do not want these individuals or groups to buy our pizza," a statement from Papa John's said.
"They can signal all they want, but we know," said Mosley, praising Papa John's chief executive John Schnatter's statements.
The same unwanted attention has come to New Balance, Wendy's and other companies. The neo-Nazis' campaign to co-opt brands has forced firms into a familiar pattern: corporate statements disavowing white supremacy, typically followed by silence, in hopes the controversy will blow over without long-lasting damage to their image and sales.
That approach did not work for Papa John's, whose stock fell by 13 percent between the earnings call and the close of business Tuesday.
That night, in a renewed attempt to disown the neo-Nazis who have attached themselves to the brand, Papa John's tweeted an emoji of a raised middle finger to "those guys." The company also apologized for Schnatter's "divisive" comments on the earnings call and affirmed its support for the NFL players protesting inequality.
"We will work with the players and league to find a positive way forward," the company tweeted. "Open to ideas from all. Except neo-Nazis."
A spokesperson said the company wanted to be "crystal clear" about where it stands with regard to white supremacist groups.
Other companies should take heed of Papa John's experience, experts say. As the marketplace becomes the latest battleground in the culture wars, brand strategists are advising companies accustomed to stay out of the political fray to proactively weigh in with bold statements about race — as Nike and Ben & Jerry's have done — to thwart attempts by hate groups to adopt brands as their own.
More brands are also building up their crisis management teams in preparation for the next racial flare-up, said Tiffany R. Warren, senior vice president and chief diversity officer at Omnicom Group, a global marketing and corporate communications holding company.
"That's the new reality," Warren said. "It's not just nice to have. It's the way of doing business now."
Some companies were bystanders when they were swept up in the racially charged atmosphere.
Tiki Brand, owned by ­Wisconsin-based Lamplight Farms, was minding its business as a purveyor of Polynesian kitsch when its bamboo torches were used by white nationalist protesters in Charlottesville.
Images of angry young white men parading through the University of Virginia campus holding the flaming torches turned the product once evocative of backyard barbecues and luaus into a symbol of white supremacy.
The company declined to comment on whether it has felt any financial effects.
Other companies caught the admiration of neo-Nazis after their executives voiced support for President Trump or their policies.
Yuengling, based in Pottsville, Pa., and touted as "America's oldest brewery," became the favored beer of white nationalists after the company's owner backed Trump in the final days of the campaign.
Andrew Anglin, founder of the Daily Stormer website, declared New Balance the "official shoes of white people" after an executive of the Boston shoe company praised Trump's stance on trade soon after they were elected. Liberals tweeted pictures of themselves trashing or burning their New Balance sneakers.
Other firms attracted the attention of white nationalists through branding mistakes of their own. Anglin proclaimed Wendy's the "official burger of the neo-Nazi alt-right movement" after the fast-food restaurant mistakenly tweeted a picture of Pepe the Frog, a white nationalist symbol, in the same red pigtails as the Wendy's girl mascot.
And white supremacists celebrated when a casting call for a Cadillac commercial sought "any and all real alt-right thinkers/­believers." Cadillac said at the time it did not authorize the casting notice, but Anglin had already pounced, writing in a post titled "Yes, We are Mainstream Now" that "it was natural for a major American corporation to want someone from our movement."
[Did Trump's tweet make it safer for NFL players to kneel for the anthem?]
There is no telling the impact these endorsements have had on companies' sales or on the movement's recruitment efforts. But experts expect the co-opting of brands to continue.
"It helps to make the alt-right seem more like normal Americans rather than a fringe," said Nour Kteily, a professor at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University whose research has focused on neo-Nazi groups.
Matthew Heimbach, the 26-year-old chairperson of the Traditionalist Workers Party, a white nationalist group, said they will keep having Papa John's delivered to their local chapter meetings in Paoli, Ind.
"Condemn us all you want, but we will continue to buy your pizza to support your struggle against the politically correct agenda," Heimbach told The Washington Post. "We have to prove that we are a reliable economic, social and political bloc within American politics."
Endorsing brands such as Papa John's, they said, "provides a platform for us to spread our message so folks will know what we stand for, go to our websites and possibly join us."
In Alexandria last week, Mosley and their white nationalist buddies drove to Papa John's to pick up two pizzas — pepperoni and meat lovers. For security reasons, they did not want pizza delivered to the home of Richard Spencer, who, as president of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist think tank, has received death threats.
They gathered in Spencer's living room and — some for the first time — dug into slices of Papa John's.
"It doesn't matter what it tastes like," Mosley said. "It's the official pizza of the alt-right."
Then they washed it down with Yuengling beer.
THE Gillard government has enjoyed a boost in support despite the chaos of last week, but it would still be trounced should an election be held today.
The latest Herald/Nielsen poll finds Labor's primary vote has jumped 3 percentage points in a month to 30 per cent, a small increase but psychologically significant because it is the first time since May Labor's first preference vote has been in the 30s.
Moving up in the ratings ... Prime Minister Julia Gillard with Wally the Australian Rugby Union Wallabies mascot during question time on Thursday. Credit:Andrew Meares
The Coalition's primary vote was steady at 48 per cent, giving it a two-party-preferred lead over Labor of 57 per cent to 43 per cent.
The poll also shows Kevin Rudd remains twice as popular as preferred Labor leader compared with either Ms Gillard or the only other likely contender, Stephen Smith.
Republicans need to dramatically improve their standing with Latino voters or risk becoming a “regional party” of disaffected whites, according to a study released Wednesday by a GOP pollster.
“Republicans have run out of persuadable white voters,” Resurgent Republic pollster Whit Ayres and the conservative Hispanic Leadership Network's Jennifer Korn concluded in a memo detailing the results of the study.Resurgent Republic surveyed Latino voters in four states — New Mexico, Nevada, Colorado, and Florida — and concluded that the GOP brand was on life support. Respondents said Republicans did not respect their community's values and concerns by a 51-44 margin in Florida, 54-40 in New Mexico, 59-35 in Nevada, and 63-30 in Colorado. By contrast Democrats were seen as respectful by a dominant 67-28 spread in Florida, 72- 23 percent in both New Mexico and Nevada, and 76-20 in Colorado.
“If Republicans achieve 40 percent or more of Hispanics nationally, they can elect conservative Republicans to national office,” the memo authors wrote. “Settling for a quarter or less of the Hispanic vote nationally will relegate Republicans to a regional party with few national prospects.”
In past elections, Republicans were able to offset losses with minorities by running up the score with whites. But Ayres and Korn noted that Romney “won a landslide among white voters,” dominating Obama 59-39 and winning majorities of every subset, from women to Catholics to young people. Thanks to Obama's dominant performance with Latinos, Asians, and African Americans, the president was nonetheless re-elected by a comfortable margin.
In a conference call with reporters, Ayres dismissed suggestions from Republican pundits like the New York Times' Ross Douthat that moderating on immigration might cause whites to abandon the GOP. They cited George W. Bush's 2004 campaign, in which the party reached its high watermark with Latino voters in exit polls while also turning out white evangelicals at high rates, as a model.
“It is not a mutually exclusive endeavor in the hands of a gifted candidate,” Ayres told TPM.
The good news for Republicans, Ayres said, is that the party has some clear paths to improve their performance. They recommended a combination of immigration reform paired with a better and more extensive outreach campaign designed to slowly rebuild the party's standing over several elections. Winning the majority of Hispanic voters anytime soon isn't realistic, but a reasonable goal might be winning just Hispanic conservatives — usually around 40-45 percent of the electorate in the states surveyed.
Another ray of light is Republican success in recruiting more Hispanic candidates. While it didn't rescue them from defeat in 2012, Ayres argued that it shouldn't be viewed as a sideshow either. They pointed out that the GOP brand was stronger in Florida, New Mexico, and Nevada, than in Colorado, where as many as 87 percent of Latino voters went for Obama. The difference? Florida has Sen. Marco Rubio (and a more conservative Cuban population) and New Mexico and Nevada have popular Republican governors of Latino descent in Susana Martinez and Brian Sandoval. By contrast, Colorado's “de facto” Republican nominee for governor in 2010 was anti-immigrant third party candidate Tom Tancredo.
“Campaigns matter and candidates matter and we see the effects of those leaders,” Ayers said.
Following the incidents that occurred involving three individuals in the early hours of this morning outside Ciudad Real Madrid, Real Madrid C. F. wishes to outline the following:
1.- The Club has already identified the individuals responsible, one a Real Madrid member, for these aggressive and violent actions against several of our players.
2.- Details of this member's identity have been sent to the Club's Discipline Commission, requesting that it expel the individual from Real Madrid for what is considered a very serious offence.
3.- This afternoon, the Discipline Commission held an emergency meeting and decided to open a disciplinary investigation and provisionally suspend the individual's rights as a member and access to the Santiago Bernabéu or any Real Madrid facilities.
4.- Real Madrid has notified Spain's National Anti-Violence Commission of the incidents that took place, as well as the identities of the individuals responsible, requesting that it apply those sanctions that it considers appropriate.
5.- Furthermore, Real Madrid will take any applicable legal action against the individuals responsible for these incidents.
One-third of American millennials think former President George W. Bush was responsible for more deaths than Soviet Leader Joseph Stalin.
This reveal, along with the fact that more than one in five U.S. millennials would be open to backing a communist candidate, was uncovered by a recent survey commissioned by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation and carried out by YouGov. Millennials have surpassed Baby Boomers as the largest living generation in the U.S.
The survey, released Monday, polled 2,300 Americans of all ages about their attitudes towards communism, socialism and the American economic system in general. The majority of Americans remain against socialism and communism. Sixty-seven percent believe rich people don't pay “their fair share” and fifty two percent believe America's economic system works against them.
Yet the survey found millennials are generally more sympathetic towards communism. While fifty seven percent of respondents overall had a “very unfavorable” view of communism, 38 percent of millennials felt the same way. Nearly 20 percent said of millennials they were likely to vote for a communist, while barely 50 percent said they were likely to vote for a capitalist.
Millennials also had a more favorable view of communist leaders than the average American. Twenty-five percent view Soviet revolutionary leader Vladimir Lenin positively, 34 percent were favorable to German socialist Karl Marx and 37 percent were favorable to Argentinian revolutionary Che Guevara, a Communist leader in the Cuban Revolution.
But perhaps most surprising was millennials' feelings about Bush and Stalin, as the latter — a renowned Communist — is credited with ordering up to tens of millions of deaths during their 29-year run as the chief political figure of the Soviet Union.
Overall, younger generations were less favorable to capitalism and less receptive to Milton Friedman's capitalist ideals when polled against Bernie Sanders, Karl Marx and the Bible.
It was not immediately clear what the survey's margin of error was.
A surge in violence fuelled by gun and knife attacks has led to a significant rise in recorded crime, official statistics revealed yesterday.
More than 4.3million offences were reported, a rise of 6 per cent and the biggest annual increase for nearly 15 years.
Murder and manslaughter shot up 14 per cent to their highest total in five years – up 71 to 574 in the year to last September.
In Britain official statistics reveal that murder and manslaughter rates fuelled by gun and knife violence have shot up 14 per cent to their highest total in five years – up 71 to 574 in the year to last September (file image)
Criminologists suggest the rising murder rate could be due to a ‘cocktail' of factors, such as immigration, gang culture and police focusing on other investigations like phone hacking.
David Wilson, professor of criminology at Birmingham City University, said: ‘Because detective have been put on other tasks, such as investigating child sexual abuse, there are fewer people to sift local intelligence with the hope of stopping violence.'
Violent offences, including rape, jumped 27 per cent to more than 885,000 in England and Wales. Attacks in which the victim suffered injures leapt 16 per cent to nearly 404,000.
Crimes involving guns rose by 4 per cent to 4,994 while those in which a knife or other sharp weapon was used increased by 9 per cent to 27,487.
Attempted murders involving a knife rose by almost a quarter to 305 and knifepoint rapes soared by 26 per cent to 341, said the Office for National Statistics.
Reports of sex attacks rose by 36 per cent to a record 99,609 – the equivalent of 273 rapes and other sexual offences a day.
Violent offences, including rape, jumped 27 per cent to more than 885,000 in England and Wales. Attacks in which the victim suffered injures leapt 16 per cent to nearly 404,000 (file image)
It was one of the largest annual increases since the National Crime Recording Standard was introduced in 2003.
The ONS said rape reports rose almost 39 per cent to 33,431, equivalent to 91 a day. Knifepoint rapes were up by 26 per cent to 341.
Some 20,865 of rape victims were women, the rest being men and children.
The crime figures mark a reversal of a long-term drop in crime and are sure to alarm ministers because experts believe they reflect real increases rather than better recording by police. On the rise in knife and gun crime, the ONS said: ‘It is generally thought these categories are less likely to be influenced by changes in recording practice than less serious violent crime.
‘Thus the rise is likely to represent a real change in the downward trend seen in recent years.'
The number of crimes logged by police is still 20 per cent lower than in 2006-07 under Labour. Marian Fitzgerald, visiting professor of criminology at the University of Kent, said soaring violence could be linked to the upturn in the economy as people are better off and can spend more going out drinking alcohol.
The ONS said the overall rise was mainly due to victims being ‘more willing' to come forward and better police records. Forces reported a fall in robberies and theft but there was a 3 per cent increase in shoplifting and a 6 per cent rise in vehicle theft, the third upturn in a row.
Fraud – including credit card and banking offences, plus mail, phone and online scams – jumped 5 per cent to 604,601.
The picture was complicated by figures from the Crime Survey of England and Wales, which found a 6 per cent fall in overall crime to 6.6million incidents, the lowest since 1981.
This looks at people's experiences of crimes and includes incidents not reported to police. But some, such as bank and credit card frauds, are left out.
Two years ago, the prospect of Garmin launching their own phone was rather awesome. After repeated delays, interest wavered amongst the tech-loving public and last month, the Garmin Nuvifone launched to limited excitement. Sure… commercials for the phone running on AT&T's service are everywhere, but… does anyone care?
Garmin missed their window of opportunity. And last week, when Google announced that Android 2.0 includes a free full-featured turn-by-turn navigation solution called Google Navigation, that window of opportunity SLAMMED shut.
For over a year, Garmin has been promising an Android Phone in their Nuvifone lineup. In their 3rd Quarter Earnings Call (PDF link), the company confirmed their plans to launch an Android Phone:
That won't happen until 2010, by which point we can assume a few other Android 2.0 devices will be readily available. So when they DO launch an Android Nuvifone… will anyone care?
I think plenty of people WILL care. Garmin DOES have the industry leading navigation software/service. But there is a reason their stock plummeted when Google Navigation was announced – far, FAR fewer people will care. Garmin might offer more features, a cleaner UI, more reliability and so-on and so-forth… but Google will continuously be working to improve their product and trust me – it WILL be continually improved. It's already pretty darn good.
And free. Not to mention you can pretty much guarantee Google Navigation will have tighter integration with your Android Phone. Garmin's mobile phone plans have seemed too little too late for two years. When they launch their first Android Phone in 2010, the same will be true. They've lost a step… they're playing catchup… and they need something to help catapult them back to the top.
The slide above seems to show their Android Phone will be unveiled in 2010 but just a few few weeks ago a Garmin representative said they would announce the phone this year. My guess? Another delay.
At one point in time, Android could have been that “thing” to help them catch up, but now even THAT has lost its luster. And with every delay it only gets worse. Enough of the plans, upcoming announcements, promised products, etc… they need something NOW. So what the heck can Garmin do to regain our attention? And when/if Garmin launches their Android Phone next year, will you care?
Just days after the search for the Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 was called off, the deputy transport minister for Malaysia announced Thursday that a cash reward will be offered to private parties who can provide "substantial information or evidence" about the location of the missing jet. The search for Flight MH370 was suspended Tuesday after the underwater hunt for the plane yielded no concrete clues as to the plane's whereabouts.
"We are opening up the options because the government of Malaysia is committed to continue the search," Abdul Aziz Kaprawi said, according to the Week. "There will be cash rewards in the millions [of Malaysian ringgits] for those who are able to find substantial information or evidence like the fuselage."
Kaprawi also reportedly requested experts from various relevant industries "such as the oil and gas sector, mining and those in maritime and defence industries" to assist with the search.
Australia, China and Malaysia's decision to call off the search was criticized by the families of those on board the ill-fated jet. However, on Wednesday, Australian Transport Minister Darren Chester said that future underwater search for the missing Boeing 777-200 has not been ruled out.
"It's not a closed book by any stretch," Chester said at a news briefing in Melbourne. "I don't rule out a future underwater search," adding: "It's a question of if you have credible new information, which leads to a specific location."
Flight MH370, with 239 people on board, went missing on March 8, 2014 while on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Authorities earlier said that the plane may have crashed in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean.
Chester also said that the cost had not been the "deciding factor" in the decision to suspend the search. They stressed that there has been a "very limited amount of actual data that experts were dealing with."
"There's no question this has been a very costly exercise — in the order of 200 million Australian dollars has been spent on the underwater search effort of which 60 million dollars has been provided by the Australian government, and the Malaysian government has contributed more than anyone else in that regard," they said. "So it has been a costly exercise but it hasn't been the factor which has led to the decisions to suspend the search. We are in a position where we don't want to provide false hope to families and friends."
Over the last few months, several debris pieces have washed up on the shores of Mauritius, the French island Reunion, an island off Tanzania and in Mozambique. Some of the debris were discovered by independent searchers, following which the pieces were sent to Australia for further investigation.
Home Office contributions to Britain's foreign aid budget totalling £362 million a year are mostly spent on illegal migrants and asylum seekers in the UK.
The enormous sum, equivalent to almost one million pounds sterling every day, makes up part of an even larger total spend, legally enshrined at 0.7 per cent of GDP by the David Cameron administration and estimated to stand at some £13.3 billion as of 2016.
The money, the “majority” of which is spent on covering accommodation, meals, and other expenses for asylum seekers in Britain — most of whom arrive in the country illegally — could have been used to provide the cash-strapped National Health Service (NHS) with an extra 17,000 qualified staff nurses, reports the Daily Express.
Responding to the revelations, UK Independence Party home affairs spokesperson Jane Collins MEP pointed out that “the job of the Home Office is to protect our borders, not to fund those who illegally slip through them”.
They added: “This money should be spent on beefing up our Border Force not on polishing our halos. [Home Secretary] Amber Rudd has to explain how looking after illegal immigrants in the UK can be described as international aid.”
Watchdog: No Evidence Foreign Aid Budget Improving Lives https://t.co/HWFerPLyRw pic.twitter.com/I9JOjr1Ssh — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) November 29, 2016
The foreign aid budget has been endlessly controversial, with scant evidence that the Department for International Development's private investment arm actually makes a lasting difference to people's lives, and frequent accusations that money is misspent or misappropriated.
For example, the government was left with egg on its face in 2016 after it was discovered that the Palestinian Authority was using roughly half of the foreign aid money it receives to reward terrorists and their families. It was further embarrassed te following year, when it was forced to defend its decision to increase foreign aid to the Communist dictatorship in North Korea by some 167 per cent.
More questionable decisions have included the much-mocked decision to spend millions of pounds on the ‘Ethiopian Spice Girls', and esoteric projects including a university course on Tibetan verbs and a campaign to reduce smoking among migrant workers in the People's Republic of China — a country with an economy for larger than Britain's, as well as its own nuclear and space programmes.
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter: @JackBMontgomery
Editor's note: Alex Freedland is a co-founder and chairperson of Mirantis and an OpenStack Foundation board member.
The recent news around Nebula shutting its doors has stirred speculation that OpenStack startups are struggling because of the state of the OpenStack market. There is even a piece claiming that the OpenStack dream is on “life support.”
This couldn't be further from the truth. The reality is that winning in open source requires a playbook that is drastically different from one that most VCs investing in technology today are used to.
In summer 2011, Mirantis was a 150-person IT services company doing consulting around open-source infrastructure technologies.
We ran across OpenStack in a few engagements, saw the community momentum behind it and decided to go all in. In the search for early business, we called Randy Bias of Cloudscaling, an OpenStack services startup that had just raised a Series A to build an OpenStack distribution.
“We raised money and it's all about building product for us now,” they said. “We have this deal to do an OpenStack deployment for Internap – do you have people to subcontract for us?”
This was the first pure OpenStack project we ever did, and this focus on services is what laid the groundwork for us to grow into the OpenStack product company that Randy originally wanted Cloudscaling to be.
For Randy, unfortunately, raising a VC round was the beginning of a very different journey. Following the guidance of their investors, Randy dismantled their thriving multi-million dollar cloud consulting business to build Cloudscaling OpenStack, a product that was too early and too incomplete to satisfy the services-hungry OpenStack market.
Three years later, Randy watched Red Hat pay almost $100 million for eNovance, an OpenStack consultancy barely bigger than Cloudscaling of 2011. Kudos to Randy for being able to land their ship in the calm waters of EMC Corporation in their sale of the company last year.
Where did Cloudscaling and Nebula miss the mark? They used the wrong playbook. A typical IP-based company playbook goes something like this:
A product wizard creates a differentiated technology;
The founders and the sales team sell a handful of deals to show proof points;
The company is sold for several hundred million to someone with existing distribution channels; or
A number of major growth rounds are raised to build out distribution channels in order to IPO
This playbook works for innovation markets. The VCs are buying into partial ownership of the differentiated technology and monetize on the leverage when the technology is in demand.
Open source ecosystem markets behave differently and therefore require a very different playbook. There, the differentiation is not in the technology you build; it is in the process and expertise that you slowly amass over an extended period of time. All of the successful entrants (Red Hat, Cloudera or Hortonworks, etc) have followed the same playbook. It works like this:
Start selling services engagements around the ecosystem and build customer intelligence;
Invest heavily to build influence in the respective upstream communities by contributing directly to the code base you're betting your business on (In OpenStack, it's easy to see who is and who is not contributing on Stackalytics.);
Start offering training;
Add commercial packaging of the technology;
Optional: Build value-added components above and around the technology.
Building an open-source company requires operational excellence and staying power, not just genius hackers with a vision of taking down VMware. Startups and VCs that run the company by the innovation playbook fail, while those that focus on expertise first — and thus the open source playbook — do well. This is what we are witnessing in the OpenStack space.
OpenStack's imminent death makes a great headline, but it lacks understanding of the current state of the ecosystem. The truth is that companies are seeing their revenues and customer engagements steadily grow. Red Hat, Mirantis, HP, IBM, Huawei and Cisco are successfully selling their own versions of OpenStack.
by JAKE NUTTING
Another week into the preseason and there wasn't much indication that the Tampa Bay Rowdies have shaken off their offseason rust just yet. The home side was unable to overcome a first half devoid of harmony and dropped their second match of the preseason to the Philadelphia Union 2-0.
First Half Starting XI: GK Michael Langer – D Jeremy Hall, Frankie Sanfilippo, Stefan Antonijevic, Ben Sweat – M Juan Guerra, Verneri Välimaa, Junior Burgos, – F Kalif Alhassan, Tommy Heinemann, Darwin Espinal.
Head coach Stuart Campbell stuck with a 4-3-3 on paper again this week, although there were long stretches of the opening half where it didn't look very much like that was what the team was attempting.
The visitors came out with a level of energy that the Rowdies had trouble matching and pressed the Rowdies into numerous bad giveaways. As a result of the midfield channels being shut down, the Rowdies turned to the long ball out of the back. Center forward Tommy Heinemann, who looked lonely up top throughout much of the half, didn't have a high rate of success on those hopeful balls in the air.
Poor set piece marking put the Rowdies in a deficit early on in the 17th minute. The Rowdies were forced to clear a free kick into the box out for a corner and Philadelphia did not waste that opportunity. Ilsinho delivered a terrific curling ball toward the center of the box that an unmarked Ken Tribbett dove to meet and redirect into the net.
Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of the first half was the high volume of unpressured giveaways and serious defensive lapses that didn't seem to be an issue in last week's match. Midfielder Juan Guerra had a particularly difficult half, gifting the Union a breakaway with a man advantage twice and also being beaten on the second goal.
Guerra moved in to close down Ilsinho on the left touchline, but the attacker played a deft give and go with a teammate and quickly found themselves sprinting past Guerra into the box. They then picked out former New York Cosmos midfielder Leo Fernandes charging into the box, who took advantage of lax marking and blasted a shot into the net on their first touch.
One of the few players to show flashes of in-season quality was Darwin Espinal after they switched to the left flank. Espinal did well to charge defenders and force them into uncomfortable decisions. The only factor missing for the Honduran international was the final pass to connect with a teammate, although there were a few instances where they had no help progressing forward into the final third and was forced to pass back.
Second Half Starting XI: GK Chris Glodack – Darnell King, Frankie Sanfilippo, Stefan Antonijevic, Ben Sweat – M Konstantine Mollinger (trialist), Juan Guerra, Darwin Espinal – F Kalif Alhassan, Danny Mwanga, Walter Ramirez
The halftime lineup changes by Campbell seemed to provide a slight improvement to the cohesiveness of the Rowdies attack. As the Union's legs began to grow tired, the Rowdies were able to find open passing lanes and play the ball on the ground a bit more. Unfortunately, though, they were unable to convert any of that into much in the final third.
Trialist Konstantine Mollinger nearly took everyone by surprise early into the second half when they connected with Danny Mwanga on a give-and-go at the top of Philadelphia's box that left the midfielder in a one-on-one situation with the keeper. Mollinger's shot attempt, though, was directed right at the keeper for a routine safe. It was the only shot on net from the Rowdies of the night.
Notably, Freddy Adu got their first run out of the preseason, coming on to compete against their former MLS club for the final 30 minutes. Adu didn't have much luck making an impact on the match, lifting a free kick directly in front of goal into the stands and delivering a slightly too heavy through ball for Darnell King into the box.
Sophomore keeper Chris Glodack had the highlight of the half for the Rowdies. The 22-year-old single-handedly kept the Union from doubling their lead in the span of 60 seconds late in the match. First they denied former Cosmos player Walter Restrepo with a strong diving save to their right in the 82nd minute and they then thwarted a threatening attempt on net on the ensuing corner by tipping the ball over the bar.
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Pocket
Print
MOSCOW - US fugitive Edward Snowden's struggle to find a safe haven sparked a diplomatic row Tuesday after Bolivia President Evo Morales' plane was diverted to Austria over suspicions they might be on board.
The incident happened hours after Morales had said their country would consider a request for political asylum if Snowden submitted one.
Bolivian Foreign Minister David Choquehuanca accused France, Italy and Portugal of having denied airspace to the plane, forcing it to reroute.
"The president was forced to land in Vienna," they told reporters in La Paz. Morales's life had been endangered by what they described as a forced emergency landing, they added.
"There were unfounded rumours that Mr Snowden may have been on board the aircraft," Choquehuanca said.
"We have no idea who made up this huge lie."
Austrian foreign ministry spokesperson Alexander Schallenberg confirmed to AFP that Morales' plane had landed at Vienna and that Snowden was not on board.
"President Morales will leave early Wednesday morning for La Paz," the Bolivian capital, they added. Austria did not know why the plane had landed at Vienna, they said.
Officials at the French foreign ministry and the prime minister's office said they knew nothing about the incident.
Earlier Tuesday, Morales had been asked about Snowden's bid for a haven, as Washington sought their extradition for having leaked intelligence secrets.
"If there were a request, of course we would be willing to debate and consider the idea," Morales told Russia's state-run RT television in comments translated from Spanish.
Bolivia is one of 21 nations to which Snowden had applied for asylum, according to the website of the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, which helped file the requests.
A spokesperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday Snowden had already withdrawn their application there. Putin made it clear on Sunday that they would have to end revelations about US intelligence activities if they wanted to stay.
A number of other countries on their list were quick to either reject their application or give it a cool reaction.
Germany, the Netherlands and Poland rejected Snowden's asylum bid; an Indian foreign ministry said there was "no reason to accede to the request"; Brazil said it was "not going to respond".
Austria, Finland, Iceland and Norway each said Snowden's request was invalid because it was not filed from inside their respective countries. Ireland and Spain issued similar statements.
A Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson in Beijing said they knew nothing about a bid apart from media reports.
France and Switzerland said they had not yet received an application, while Italy said it was "contemplating" the request.
There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that's happened in nearly 20 years."
In their State of the Union address, President Barack Obama noted the country's progress toward energy independence.
There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that's happened in nearly 20 years," they said. Later in the speech, they added, "The all-of-the-above energy strategy I announced a few years ago is working, and today, America is closer to energy independence than we've been in decades."
Earlier in January, we fact-checked Obama's same claim about domestic oil production after they spoke at North Carolina State University. We rated it True after PolitiFact dug into the U.S. oil numbers. Here's what we had found:
A White House spokesperson offered up this White House blog post that explained Obama's point in more detail. According to the White House, Domestic crude oil production surpassed crude oil imports in October 2013 for the first time since 1995.
We also consulted the U.S. Energy Information Administration. According to their November 2013 report , the United States produced an average of 7.8 million barrels of oil per day in October and imported 7.5 million barrels of oil per day.
So Obama's numbers add up. How did we arrive at this point?
Kenneth Medlock, an economics professor at Rice University who serves as the senior director for the Center for Energy Studies, said there are a couple of reasons why production exceeds imports.
"Yes, we are producing more than we import now, but that owes to both increased production domestically and reduced demand,"Medlock said.
The reduced demand is due in part to the recession. It's no surprise that people cut back on gasoline consumption when there's less money in their wallets, so that lowers demand. And if demand is down, the United States doesn't need to import as much oil supply.
Another cause of reduced demand is increased energy efficiency. Over the last few years, rising popularity of fuel-efficient vehicles and other innovations have led consumers and businesses to spend less on utilities and at the pump, said John Lowe, a senior associate dean and energy law professor at Southern Methodist University.
Aside from reduced demand, Medlock also mentioned increased production as another reason the United States is producing more oil than it's importing.
We can credit increased domestic production to innovation in regulatory infrastructure. That includes factors like the ability for companies to negotiate directly with private landowners about mineral rights, as well as open access to pipelines.
But we can't tie these developments back to one president, Medlock said. They go back a couple of decades.
Still, it's worth noting that Obama is a known supporter of energy efficiency. When they campaigned for office, they promised to reduce the country's dependency on foreign oil. In 2012, we rated that Promise Kept based on projections of the impact of their administration's fuel efficiency standards.
Our ruling
Obama said the United States is producing more oil at home than its buying from the rest of the world for the first time in nearly two decades. That claim is on the money. However, a lot of this has been in the works for awhile, including dynamics that pre-date the Obama administration. Experts told us the new dynamic is due to factors like the recession, increased fuel efficiency and ramped up domestic oil production. As a simple statement on where we stand on oil exports vs. imports, though, Obama's claim is accurate. We rate it True.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT FOUR OF THIS WEEKEND'S OVERDOSESINCLUDING TWO DEATHS HAPPENED ONMCMICKEN STREET, INVOLVINGCOCAINE, POSSIBLY LACED WITHFENTANYL OR CARFENTANIL.>> FROM OUR POINT OF VIEW WE'RESEEING THE END RESULT OF WHAT'SNOT WORKINTODD: AS HAMILTON COUNTY'SCORONER, LAKSHMI SAMMARCO KEEPSTRACK OF HOW PEOPLE DIE.IN 2016, Them OFFICE INVESTIGATED403 OVERDOSE DEATHS DOWN FROM414 THE YEAR BEFORE.BUT SAMMARCO SAYS THE NUMBER OFOPIATE-RELATED DEATHS, FRODRUGS LIKE HEROIN, FENTANYL ANDCARFENTANIL, JUMPED TO 342 LASYEAR.FROM ABOUT 240 IN 2015.>> THE BLAME GAME DOESN'T HELPANYBODY.AND WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO DO SAY WE ARE HERE.THIS IS THE STATUS NOW.WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO TO MOVEFORWARTODD: MOVING FORWARD MAY INVOLVEGETTING DRUG USERS INTOTREATMENT WHETHER THE USER WANTSTO GO OR NOT.>> THAT'S WHAT WE'RE TRYING TOFIGURE OUT IS HOW CAN WE STOPREVIVING SOMEBODY AND JUSTWALKING AWAY.TODD: IT TURNS OUT THE REGION'SHEROIN CRISIS IS BRINGING GROUPSTOGETHER THAT HAVE NOT ALWAYSSEEN EYE TO EYE LIKE POLICE ANDTHE AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIESUNION.AND FROM THE HAMILTON COUNTYHEROIN COALITION ONE OF THETHINGS WE ARE WORKING ON, ANDWE'VE HAD DISCUSSIONS WITHGROUPS LIKE THE ACLU, WITHINOURSELVES AND HOSPITAL SYSTEMSCAN WE LEGALLY INTERVENE FROMTHAT TIME WE NARCAN SOMEBODY ANDCAN THEY EITHER GO TO THE JAILSYSTEM OR CAN THEY GET INTOTREATMENT.TODD WHATEVER THE NEXT STEP IS,EVERYONE AGREES IT WILL TAKEMONEY AND POSSIBLY NEW RULESCRAFTED BY LAWMAKERS AT THESTATEHOUSE IN COLUMBUSLET'S TALK ABOUT THE WEEKENDOVERDOSES.POLICE SAY IT'S POSSIBLE TWOPEOPLE DIED THIS WEEKEND AFTERTAKING COCAINE THAT MAY HAVEBEEN LACED WITH FENANYL ORCARFENTANIL.JUST A TINY AMOUNT OF EITHERILLICIT DRUG MIXED WITH ANOTHERSUBSTANCE, INCLUDING MARIJUANA,
Advertisement Coroner: Heroin-related overdose deaths remain major concern in Hamilton Co. Police, ACLU discussing possible interventions for opioid abusers
Share Copy Link Copy
Talk of deadly drug overdoses dominated a news conference on Monday that featured many of Greater Cincinnati's top crime fighters. "From our point of view, we're seeing the end result of what's not working," Hamilton County Coroner Dr. Lakshmi Sammarco said. Sammarco keeps track of how people die. In 2016, their office investigated 403 overdose deaths in Hamilton County, down from 414 the year before. But Sammarco said the number of opiate-related deaths, from drugs like heroin, fentanyl and carfentanil, jumped to 342 last year from about 240 in 2015. "We've been saying for quite a while now that these are really, really, really deadly combinations of drugs," Sammarco said. MORE: Fentanyl-related deaths overtake heroin-related deaths in Hamilton County The coroner praised emergency responders and said the number of overdose deaths would have been much higher were it not for paramedics, firefighters and police officers who bring drug users back to life with the opioid-reversal drug Narcan. But they also know a growing number of people are growing increasingly fed up with the opioid epidemic. Even law enforcement officials who took part in Monday's news conference expressed frustration that many heroin users rescued by first responders may face no penalties. "I find it completely unacceptable that fire (Cincinnati's Fire Department) goes and revives someone and police go and revive someone, and they can get up and walk away," said Tim Reagan, resident agent in charge of the Cincinnati office of the Drug Enforcement Administration. "There's just no mechanism on the books for us to get them in the system, other than lock them up." Reagan points out that in many cases, drug users who are revived with Narcan walk away before police arrive. That's why he's pleased that leaders from several different agencies are working together to find solutions to the opioid epidemic. "We're chasing the bigger dealer," Reagan said. "We're doing prescription pill take-backs. We're prosecuting the dealers in federal court. The coroner's office is dealing with bodies. Everybody is throwing everything at this and hoping something will stick." "The blame game doesn't help anybody," Sammarco said. "What we're trying to do is say, 'We're here. This is the status now. What are we going to do to move forward?" Moving forward may involve getting drug users into treatment whether users want to go or not. "What we're trying to figure out is how can we stop reviving somebody and just walking away," Newtown police Chief and Hamilton County Heroin Coalition member Tom Synan said. It turns out Southwest Ohio's heroin crisis is bringing groups together that have not always seen eye to eye, like police and the American Civil Liberties Union. "From the Hamilton County Heroin Coalition, one of the things we are working on, and we've had discussions with groups like the ACLU, within ourselves and hospital systems, (is) can we legally intervene from that time we Narcan somebody, and can they either go to the jail system or can they get into treatment?" Synan said. Whatever the next step is, everyone agrees it will take money and possibly new rules crafted by lawmakers at the statehouse in Columbus. Until then, Assistant U.S. Attorney Ken Parker said it's important that people who get caught dealing drugs know what kind of prison time they could face. As WLWT investigator Todd Dykes recently reported, some convicted drug dealers in Hamilton County have been sentenced to a form of probation called community control, in lieu of jail time. Parker said if the feds get involved, the punishment can be significant. "For those who are on the streets who feel that $40 or that $80 bump, that quick money, will not really produce anything but community control - not necessarily," Parker said. "In the federal system, you're looking at a 20-year mandatory minimum." In addition to locking up people who sell illicit narcotics, Parker said they think more energy should be spent on prevention. "No one starts by saying, 'I would like to be an addict,'" Parker said. "But there's not enough there as far as prevention to tell people to 'watch yourself.'"
they agency which carried out the opinion poll giving the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) a sweeping 32 seats in the Delhi Assembly elections is owned by a Congress leader.
The New Delhi-based Cicero Associates and Consultants Private Limited, which was registered on 5 November 2012, carried out the survey along with senior AAP functionary and psephologist Yogendra Yadav, between 5 September and 5 October, covering 1,750 polling booths and 34,425 respondents across 70 Assembly constituencies in Delhi. The survey claimed that AAP would get as much as 32% of the votes and thus would have a majority to form the government.
The agency in question has two directors, Sunit Kumar Madhur and Dhananjai Joshi as per information available on the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) website. While Madhur is a secretary in the Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC), as per information available on the party's website, Joshi is a property dealer. Madhur contested the municipal elections from Pul Pahlad constituency in 2007. As per the address given on the MCA website, Madhur lives at GA 34, Pul Pahladpur, New Delhi.
Interestingly, the AAP had commissioned the agency to gauge the public mood in Delhi in February and in August, during which it interviewed 3,310 and 3,372 respondents. The latest survey showed a "steady improvement in the position of the Aam Aadmi Party". The survey said: "Since the last survey, AAP has gained 5 percentage points to move to the first position. If elections were held between September 5th and October 5th, the AAP would have secure 32% votes, followed by Congress with 28% and the BJP with 24% votes respectively."
As per the survey, AAP was leading in 32 seats, the Congress in 28 seats and the BJP in 10 seats. Similarly, AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal, according to the survey, at 36% was way ahead of Sheila Dikshit at 30% and Vijay Goel at 23% as per approval ratings as Delhi's next Chief Minister. The BJP had not announced Harshvardhan's name as its chief ministerial candidate at the time.
Repeated attempts to contact Madhur went futile. However, the Congress tried to distance itself from him. Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president J.P. Agarwal said, "I do not know any person called Sunit Kumar Madhur. At least they are not part of our team."
DPCC general secretary Alka Lamba said, "I know one Sunit Kumar Madhur, who had contested the municipal elections on a Congress ticket in 2007. But I do not know whether it is the same Madhur who is the director of Cicero Associates. In any case I have not met them for the last four-five years."
Delhi BJP spokesperson Aman Sinha said: "AAP engaged a Congress controlled unknown research company to get a favourable survey despite the fact that there are many good agencies in the market. This proves that there is mili bhagat (collusion) between the Congress and the AAP. All this is part of the Congress' game to somehow split the anti-Congress vote. We have been saying for a long time that Congress has links with AAP and that the latter is the Congress' B-team. Now we have substantial evidence. The fight between them is just noora kushti."
Speaking to The Sunday Guardian, Yogendra Yadav denied any "double deal": "I am aware that Madhur has been associated with the Congress. But in Cicero Associates, there is a clear division of responsibilities. Madhur looks after the political consultancy part, while Joshi looks after the operational part. Before engaging them for the job, we had made it clear that Madhur will not have any role in it."
Yadav also rubbished the questions raised against the survey, saying: "This is ridiculous. How can a Congress-sponsored survey say that Congress is trailing, or Sheila Dikshit is an extremely unpopular Chief Minister? We had done three rounds of surveys and started making the report public from round two. We have made the raw data file public. If anyone feels it is fake, they are free to point it out. But raising questions on the authenticity of the survey and saying it is sponsored by the Congress is completely weird. I fail to understand how the survey helps the Congress."
Finally, just ahead of the season finale, we have got an update on the current (US-based) total viewership of Game of Thrones.
This piece from BuzzFeed reports that the total number of viewers across all platforms has reached 18.7 million on average per episode of Season Five – so far. To put this in perspective, the record reached by the previous season of Thrones stands at 19 million viewers per episode (which is also the absolute record for any HBO show ever).
Since it takes time to gather all the numbers, the last couple of episodes cannot have been fully counted yet, and of course the finale is still to come. We can therefore predict with some confidence that the average will rise to break the record, thus making Season Five the most watched season to date, once all the data is in.
Last issue, both Edward Warren and Nicholas Finch found themselves in what could be generously described as perilous circumstances. This week, we take a look at how it all shakes it out. Since this is Nailbiter, you know things are going to get messy…
…but is it good?
Nailbiter #27 (Image Comics)
Observations
Pre-Buckaroo Agent Carroll, armed (heh) and ready for battle.
…or maybe they aren't.
The type of people who crush on serial killers are the same ones who wear t-shirts of bands they never listen to.
Gotta admit, The Blonde has Bucakaroo's Murder Store looking pretty spiffy.
I'm betting Agent Finch would much rather be in court right now.
Forget Gilmore Girls—Alice and Shannon Crane is my jam.
#$%&@%$#@!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is It Good?
As great as the Bound by Blood story arc was, it had me worried about a few things going forward with my beloved Nailbiter series:
– Now that the Mystery of Buckaroo is known to be a quantifiable thing (that's also being discovered/learned by various characters), it might start to lose some of its mystique.
– How do you make serial killers continue to be scary compared to the horrifying rogues gallery we've already been through?
– Will anyone ever be as badass as The Butcher in Black?
Thankfully, Nailbiter #27 takes all of those concerns and hacks them into bloody bits. Writer Joshua Williamson utilizes the series' slightly altered dynamic to refocus and reinvigorate the narrative. Instead of losing its air of wonder, the Mystery of Buckaroo becomes even more intriguing. It also works as a fantastic plot device, causing both the characters and the reader to question who is truly on the right side of the conflict.
As usual, Williamson's dialogue is fantastic—smart, morbid, and appropriately funny when needed. Aside from the opening flashback (which is great), the issue takes place from the viewpoint of Sheriff Crane, who has slowly morphed into my favorite character. Them humanity is balanced by a fierce, almost fanatical desire to protect their daughter and the world at large from the evil festering inside their hometown.
Artist Mike Henderson continues to be at the top of their game, particularly in the gore department. I've always felt terrible for Agent Finch and everything he's had to endure, but the hell he's gets put through here is viscerally horrifying.
Henderson's best work, however can be found in how Sheriff Crane emotes and reacts to the people around her—especially Allison. There's also one panel showing their reaction the Nailbiter's groupies that made me laugh out loud.
Speaking of the Nailbiter/Edward Warren, their role in this one is very limited, but their presence is definitely felt. I do wish we'd gotten a bit more connective tissue between what happened to them in the last issue and this one, but all that gets forgotten when you turn to the last page. Williamson/Henderson craft a beautiful and touching scene that quickly turns into one of the series most shocking moments (which is really saying something).
So many genre comic series start off strong only to settle into redundant ruts. Occasionally, you'll find one that starts with a bang and maintains a consistently high level of quality. 27 issues into Nailbiter, the series is somehow getting even better.
- There is an alarming number of teenagers and even pre-teens being arrested for robbery in the District. Since October, D.C. police say officers have charged 69 juveniles with the crime – with three of them as young as 12 years old.
In addition, the number of juveniles charged with a crime is up significantly over the last year.
We started noticing this trend when D.C. police began listing the ages of the people they were arresting for robbery. It is not something the department had previously done.
We began to count the number of young teenagers between 12 to 17 years old who are being charged with robbery, and according to the D.C. Attorney General, robbery arrests are up 8 percent from 2015 to 2016.
Robberies in the District of Columbia have been a major crime concern for years. So much so, a year ago, D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser announced police would form of a task force that would do nothing but investigate and prosecute the people stealing property in what are often violent assaults.
But what has become clear in recent months is that a large number of these robberies are being committed by juveniles.
"I think what is going on unfortunately is that increasingly, a lot of young people frankly are not engaged in productive activity, and where they are idle, they are prone to get together and make bad decisions,” said Karl Racine, Attorney General for the District of Columbia.
Since October, these are the teenagers between 12 and 17 years old arrested for robbery:
- 12 years old – 3
- 13 years old – 6
- 14 years old – 7
- 15 years old – 14
- 16 years old – 28
- 17 years old – 11
From 2015 to 2016, the number of juveniles charged with a crime has also climbed from 2,474 to 2,636.
"Another aspect of our work at the Office of Attorney General is to identify young people who are involved in non-violent offenses, not as serious as armed robberies, but nonetheless are making their initial contacts in the system,” said Racine. “We don't want those young people to turn into revolving door criminals. So here is what we are doing – we are putting those young people in a diversion program that provide services, needed services like anger management, services like mentoring.”
For the teenagers accused of robbery, many of them end up at a facility on Mount Olivet Road or to a shelter such as the one located on Rock Creek Church Road in Northwest D.C.
"Indeed, 12- and 13-year-olds who commit crimes can get locked up in the District of Columbia,” Racine said. “It could be that they get locked up first overnight for the offense, and then depending on their criminal history, if they post a risk to the residents of the District of Columbia or have a record of not coming to court when they are supposed to, detention is available for them.”
By far, the most common age we have seen so far in robbery arrests is 16 years old. And for that age, the attorney general said social media has a very strong pull.
"Young people are making poor decisions, bragging about what they did or what they are going to do on social media,” said Racine. “In a perverse way, it is an opportunity for them to gain some notoriety and otherwise gain some street cred.”
The attorney general said more than 400 juveniles were charged with robbery last year and their office was able to prosecute 75 percent of them.
D.C. police released a statement to FOX 5 Tuesday evening saying that there were 129 juveniles arrested for robbery from October to January, which are 60 more than we had counted from press releases issued by D.C police. Back in December, we asked the police department's press office if the number of juveniles named in their news releases was the actual number of juveniles arrested for robbery and we were told they were correct.
But in Tuesday's statement, police said:
"The Robbery Intervention Taskforce was launched on December 11, 2015. The mission of the Taskforce was to specifically reduce robbery crime in the District by using intelligence tools and community relations. The Taskforce was extremely successful as robberies fell significantly --13% from 2015 to 2016. Since the launch of the Robbery Intervention Task Force on December 11, 2015, there have been 1,225 robbery arrests (693 Adult, 532 Juvenile). From October 1, 2016 to January 23, 2017, 129 juveniles have been arrested for robbery. Juveniles were arrested in 46% of the 279 robbery arrests. MPD intends to build upon this progress in 2017 by continually improving and honing tactics. We are excited to see that the taskforce has had such a positive effect in a relatively short period of time.”
We asked D.C. police for a clarification on their latest numbers and they said, “Crime data is a fluid science, and information gets updated constantly. These numbers are the most current as of right now.”
When the Red River Gorge and New River Gorge rivalry threatened to boil over, there was only one place to settle it: on the basketball court.
Huge spotlights suddenly lit up the small community basketball court in Lansing, West Virginia, near the rim of the New River Gorge. Lights, really? Who rigged those? Surrounding me was the rowdiest scene I had observed in several decades as a local at this worldclass climbing area, famous for bold first ascents and equally hazardous social activities. No craziness I could recall—from nine years of the New River Rendezvous, the Gauley River whitewater festival, even the notorious Pimp ‘n' Ho parties of the 1990s—could rival this moment.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It was the deciding game of a best-of-five series between the Red River Gorge Red Rockets and the New River Gorge Sock Monkeys. I was courtside on the New River bench, dressed in a white linen suit, black V-neck shirt, white sunglasses, and greased-back hair, a look any NBA fan would recognize as Hall of Fame coach Pat Riley's.
Lights? Really? The scene was pandemonium: a crowd of nearly 200, music throbbing, and a palpable intensity out on the court. This was more than just a basketball game. Two teams of climbers were battling for the ultimate prize: the right to call their home area the “Best Crag in America.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
As the Southeast's two top climbing areas, less than 250 miles apart, “The New” in West Virginia and “The Red” in eastern Kentucky have had an informal rivalry for at least a decade. From the perspective of a New River Gorge climber, the Red is home to mindless jug-hauling, a technique-optional outdoor gym with soft grades. A Red River Gorge climber would counter that the techy climbing at the New is a throwback to times when climbers didn't have any steep rock, and thus forced themselves to endure desperate high-stepping and crimping on slabs. In fact, both climbing areas offer a variety of styles, and both are world-class. Habit, mood, or proximity to one's home usually determine which crag you favor. But that hasn't cooled the rivalry.
Unlike Yosemite Valley, Eldorado Canyon, or the Gunks, which have rich climbing histories dating back 50 years or more, the New and the Red first saw significant action in the late 1970s, and only in the 1980s did word of the quality routes creep into the collective consciousness. As the first magazine articles appeared, climbers from surrounding areas began making exploratory forays. Sport climbing was unknown in the early days, but cracks of all dimensions were plentiful at both areas. Many of these crack climbs remain popular to this day.
One invention really initiated the divide between the New and the Red: the TCU. The gear innovators out in Oregon and Arizona may not have realized how influential their three-cam units would be in Appalachia, but climbers visiting the New sure did. While the softer Corbin Sandstone at the Red was swirled and pockety, the New's much harder Nuttall Sandstone was littered with letterbox slots that were perfect for small cams. New routes at that time, in the late '80s, were all done ground-up, and first ascensionists at the New could confidently launch up seemingly blank faces, knowing the odds of finding pro were good. (The occasional hand-drilled bolt helped, too.) Standards soared, and a wealth of hard routes put the New on the map for all serious climbers in the South and Midwest, while the Red remained obscure.
The showdown in Fayetteville, West Virginia. Photo by Elizabeth Tomlin
It's hard to say which side started it, but in the summer of 2011 the rivalry finally went viral. A potent combination of online boredom and frustration at getting shut down on climbs in the sweltering Southern heat filled the local climbing forums with serious smack-talking. “You can be old and fat and still climb at New River,” read one post from a Red local. Something had to give.
In July, Gene Kistler of Water Stone Outdoors, the Fayetteville climbing shop, and Dario Ventura, of Miguel's, hatched a plan for settling the “who's the best” debate once and for all in fine Southern style: a basketball game. The flames were fanned at the August Outdoor Retailer show in Salt Lake City, when Maura Kistler and I confronted Dario and crew over beers at Brittany Griffith and Jonathan Thesenga's traditional preshow party. Our loud conversation got the attention of several industry insiders, and suddenly Black Diamond and Petzl had thrown down, backing the New and Red, respectively.
Back home, Adam Ostrander, a Water Stone employee, became a driving force for the New River team, not only on the practice court but also through the creation of a Sock Monkey YouTube campaign that featured talking, dunking sock monkeys, with names such as Monkey Jordan and Sockeal O'Neal. The videos included reverse-psyche clips of appallingly poor practice performances, complete with frustrated coach dialogue, comic interviews, and well-intentioned jabs—one with a particularly stinging visual comparing the Red's diminutive Natural Bridge with the New's majestic span—rounding out the propaganda package.
The crew at the Red countered with intimidating videos highlighting their on-court skills, plus creative ways of defiling the Sock Monkey mascot. One barely PG-rated segment featured the Rockets' ginormous Jordan Garvey, clad only in tightie whities, with the Sock Monkey's head stuffed in the crotch, dunking the ball accompanied by jeers from the rest of their team. Practice intensity picked up. Rumors of ringers on both squads began to fly, despite a rule that all players had to be local climbers.
The five-game tournament was scheduled for late August. Water Stone Outdoors would host the event at the New, since the Kistlers had recently paved a new half-court in their side yard, while Miguel's crew was still playing on gravel. This detail proved useful to me as coach, as it gave me the first clue that the Red Rockets' game would be long on outside shooting, and primitive when it came to driving to the hoop. Dribbling on gravel gets old fast.
Reagan Kennedy could use s
After all the pre-contest drama, the whole climbing community of Fayetteville was buzzing as game day neared. Upon arrival Friday afternoon, Dario Ventura, Pete “Stingray” McDermott, the Rockets' coach, and I set the rules: best out of five, with each game played by single points to 15, with shots behind the arc scoring two points. Two games the first night, with Saturday being the main event—it would go to five games if necessary.
Game one exploded in a frenzy, each team bursting onto the court with reckless intensity. The Sock Monkeys' tighter passing led to a victory that stunned the Rockets, who seemed to be expecting to play the “Suck Monkeys” portrayed in one of our comical pre-game videos.
Game two began as all games did: with first possession being decided by a coaches' “chug off” rather than a traditional tip-off. This is where I truly shone, guzzling a beer to easily win the ball, as I did in each of the pre-game drinking contests.
The Red team came out looking for revenge. In a hard-fought match, the Rockets sank jumpers while the Monkeys banged the boards. In the end, the Rockets prevailed, evening up the series. The pre-game hype was turning out to be true. The showdown on Saturday night would be huge.
After the Friday games, an ill-advised decision found me and some of the Monkeys out on the town in Fayetteville along with the entire Rockets team, cheerleaders and all. Pies and Pints, Fayetteville's answer to Miguel's Pizza, was our first stop. After much drinking, discussion of the day's games, and gorging ourselves on pizza, Brian “Vince” Vincent, our ace point guard, and I launched a plan to sabotage the visitors. Next stop: Charlie's Pub, Fayetteville's iconic hardcore drinking destination. At 2 a.m. the entire crew was still at the pub playing pool, drinking, and enjoying the local WV color, seemingly unfazed by our nefarious intentions. I began to wonder if we had met our match.
Robert Thomas on the heartbreaker fourth crux of Jesus and Tequila (5.12b), Endless Wall, New River Gorge. Photo by Michael Turner
Saturday arrived bright, sunny, humid—and with hangovers all around. Still, the entire Kentucky entourage seemed psyched to sample some of the New River's finest routes. An enjoyable day of cragging ensued, with some impressive sends by the visiting team.
As the crowd began to gather at the Kistlers' court on Saturday evening, I sensed that things were about to get serious. Game three alone justified the tournament's considerable hype. Scrappy play, smooth jumpers, and a hard-edged will to win on both sides inspired the crowd. The cheering echoed through the quiet neighborhood, drowning out the usual summer evening sounds of distant weed whackers and barking hounds.
But the beefier physiques and more physical play of the Sock Monkeys—setting hard picks and crashing the boards—was taking its toll on the skinnier Red Rocket players, who were well built for gravity-defying sport routes, but ill-suited for our New York Knicks–style inside play. Just as I began to relax after a gamethree victory, however, a late arrival, Peter Foister, rumored to be a former Division 1 college basketball player (falsely, it turned out), showed up for game four, injecting a new level of intensity into the Rocket team. They got right in our faces, pushing us back on our heels. I was forced to call another time out.
“Don't let them get in your head,” I calmly instructed. I was speaking as much to myself as to the team—a few minutes earlier I had completely lost my composure, running out onto the court and screaming after a particularly hard foul. Adam, Vince, and Micah Klinger of the Sock Monkeys had really gelled during the tournament, and the Rockets so far had found no answer for their aggressive style. Peter, being probably the most experienced player on the court, answered immediately with an effective plan: piss us off and disrupt our game. It was working. The Rockets eked out a game-four victory, evening up the series again, at two games apiece. It had all come down to one final game, under the lights (Lights? Really?), in the ultimate showdown for Best Crag in America.
The Sock Monkey cheerleaders took to the court as I admonished my players. Wearing black shorts and Monkey-green shirts, the squad of super-fit local climber girls performed a rousing song and dance routine. Suddenly, a Rockets fan, sporting nothing but a beer cup over their junk and a large cardboard Red Rocket on their upper body and head, came streaking through the crowd, harassing the Sock Monkey bench before disappearing into the darkness and leaving roaring laughter and cheers in their wake.
During this surreal interlude, I had a flash of what this event— and New River Gorge climbing, for that matter—was really about. Climbers love the New's routes, love to try hard and improve, but they find something larger here in Fayetteville. Pre- and postclimbing outings at Cathedral Cafe, Water Stone, Pies and Pints, and other local gatherings spots—these are the glue of the scene. It was that sense of community that we were really playing for on that court, not a trivial disagreement over style or quality of rock climbing.
I snapped out of the warm and fuzzy and back to the harsh reality of game five. Glancing over at the visitors' bench, I could tell from the animated gestures and intent faces that the Rockets had no intention of losing. My players also had fire in their eyes, however, and as they took to the court they looked as if they were heading into a UFC cage match. Their determination erupted into a flurry of buckets, catapulting us into a significant lead. I was really starting to taste it, and so, making some substitutions, I rested my key starters.
Out on the court, Lisa Kleinert, the Rockets' star female player, who had a previous life as a college baller, and Mariah Hibarger, the Sock Monkeys' counterpart, were really going at it. The hardestplaying people in the game, they covered each other with tempers flaring, wrestling for loose balls. Before I knew it, the Rockets had surged back to tie the game at 13-13. At this point, both coaches called time out just to catch our breaths.
Both teams sent their starting lineups back onto the court. The Sock Monkeys had the ball. Vince drove the lane, drew in the defense, then dished out to Adam, who sank a jumper for point 14, igniting the crowd to unprecedented decibels.
The Rockets rushed back with the ball but missed a shot, and Micah—a tall, badass climber but until this summer totally inexperienced at basketball—snagged the rebound and passed out to the top of the key. The next few seconds unfolded in slow motion: Vince driving the lane, Jordan shifting over to double-team Vince and force a miss, the ball bouncing toward Dario, and then, somehow, Adam slithering in, scooping up the ball under the basket, and sinking the winning shot.
It was over. The New River Sock Monkeys had won the Gorge Cup. But it was now clear to both sides that the contest could have gone either way. Both areas had strengths. Both had heart. Either, on any given day, might be Best Crag in America.
The after-party was huge, and the bourbon-drinking prowess of the Kentuckians really came to the fore. The Rockets, despite their loss, appreciated the WV hospitality and vowed to return the favor. One of the Rockets, who had never been to the New River Gorge before, was heard to drunkenly call the climbing routes “fin' bloody brilliant!” as they staggered into the darkness toward the keg. Slurred throughout the evening were countless other compliments, friendly jabs, and, of course, the recurring words “Rematch at the Red.” Rumor has it the court at Miguel's is getting paved.
Kenny Parker is half owner of Water Stone Outdoors in Fayetteville, West Virginia, and has been putting up routes in the New River Gorge for 25 years. Bad knees have ruined their basketball game, but they can still crimp, high-step, pluggear, and chug beer.
About Boxing News
Boxing News sits at the heart of the boxing scene. We want to share with you our passion by guiding you through the world of boxing, share our ringside seats and experiences, to listen to your opinions as we form our own, and to retain the integrity and excitement that seduces boxing fans around the world.
Boxing News was founded in 1909 by original editor John Murray as, simply, Boxing. Murray had been a regular contributor to Health & Strength magazine and convinced its owner, Bill Berry (later Lord Camrose) to launch a weekly magazine dedicated solely to boxing. It is believed Murray had been inspired by Jack Johnson beating Tommy Burns to become the first black World heavyweight champion. In their first editorial, Murray stated, "Boxing will stand for good clean sport. Its success of failure is in the hands of those who believe in sport of this character. Our energies will be devoted to giving the best paper that time, thought and money can devise." When circulation began to decline in the depression days of the late 20s, the name of the magazine was changed to Boxing, Racing and Football. In October 1931, the paper was sold to a syndicate of London sportsmen, who installed Sydney Rushton, a long-time London fight reporter, as the new editor. The layout changed, the page size was increased and Rushton proved less popular than Murray. The paper was again put up for sale and, while waiting for a buyer, the old features were reinstated and there was no official Editor. Another set of sportsmen bought the paper and Godfrey Williams was named editor. They attempted to run Boxing as a newspaper, cutting popular features and reducing news stories down to the shortest possible length. The circulation quickly dropped to its lowest ever.
Billy Masters, a city printer and huge boxing fan, saved the paper, appointing W.H. Millier as the new editor. They completely reinvigorated the magazine, helped in no small measure by its first colour cover. In 1935, Millier departed and the owner replaced them with Sydney Ackland, who had previously worked as John Murray's assistant editor and had been taught by him. World War II brought many changes as first Sydney, then replacement Stanley Nelson, contributed to the war effort. Murray made a popular comeback as editor but ill health forced them to step down in 1941. Gilbert Odd took over until the building housing the paper was destroyed by the enemy. Odd was then called up for national service and both Masters and Murray served further terms. Now with the new name of Boxing News, the paper was bought by Australian publicist Vivian Brodzky and former promoter Sydney Hulls. Northern sports writer Bert Callis was the new editor. Odd took over for a second term upon Callis' retirement. Odd implemented the tradition of reporting the results and fighters' weights for every single fight in the country. When Odd quit to write books, they were succeeded by Jack Wilson and then Tim Riley. When Brodzky died, Boxing News was sold twice in quick succession, and Graham Houston became editor in 1971, immediately broadening the range of coverage, especially in North America. Houston left in 1977 to work on morning newspapers in Canada. This prompted the appointment of perhaps BN's greatest Editor of recent years, Harry Mullan. Circulation increased exponentially during the Mullan years, which doubled as a time of great change in the boxing world. Most notable new developments were the proliferation of 'world' titles and the increase in the number of major British promoters. Mullan was fiercely principled and tremendously well respected in the boxing fraternity. When Mullan left in October 1996, they were given this glowing tribute from then BN Publisher Peter Kravitz: "His writing stands comparison with the Lieblings, Hausers and Mailers of this century of boxing." Assistant Editor Claude Abrams succeeded Mullan in November 1996. Boxing News was redesigned and switched to a full-colour format and become more extensive in content. In March 1999 the paper went to A3 size before reverting to A4, and increasing in size to 48 pages (from 24) in September 2005. The magazine remained the main trade paper in Britain. Abrams left BN – after 22 years – in December 2009, just three months after the publication celebrated its centenary, and was succeeded as editor by Tris Dixon.
Tris left the magazine in December 2014, with Matt Christie taking over as editor.
When Vulture critic Matt Zoller Seitz released their exhaustively researched Wes Anderson Collection last fall, they had to leave out The Grand Budapest Hotel for one very understandable reason: The film hadn't been released yet. Now that it has, and is being nominated for a bunch of awards, Seitz luckily has a follow-up. He's penned a new guide to the film, out February 10!
Here's the official synopsis:
Seitz describes The Grand Budapest Hotel perfectly: “It's a twelve-layer wedding cake of a film, yet, as you're devouring it, you don't necessarily think about all the work that went into it — only that it's delicious.” Now they take readers behind the scenes to dissect every layer.
Through a series of interviews with Seitz, Anderson shares the story behind The Grand Budapest Hotel's conception, personal anecdotes about the making of the film, and the wide variety of sources that inspired it — from author Stefan Zweig to filmmaker Ernst Lubitsch to photochrom landscapes from turn-of-the-century Middle Europe. The book also features critical essays by Ali Arikan, Steven Boone, David Bordwell, Olivia Collette, and Christopher Laverty; interviews with costume designer Milena Canonero, composer Alexandre Desplat, lead actor Ralph Fiennes, production designer Adam Stockhausen, and cinematographer Robert Yeoman; and an introduction by playwright Anne Washburn. Previously unpublished behind-the-scenes photos, ephemera, and artwork illustrate these interviews and essays.
The Wes Anderson Collection: The Grand Budapest Hotel stays true to the first book with its meticulous design that captures the spirit of Anderson's films. Together they complement one another to offer the definitive word on Anderson's filmography. One volume is not complete without the other.
Jane Campion's dark and twisting New Zealand-set crime thriller Top of the Lake returned to our screens recently. Top of the Lake: China Girl is artful, complex, involving, disturbing and, well, just really rather good. So you'll be forgiven for gobbling up this televisual treat as quickly and greedily as humanly possible.
Once you've finished, though? You're going to want dessert. But instead of Googling new crime dramas that are months from broadcast or scouring the TV guide looking for old repeats of Cadfael, try another way. Try Netflix.
Netflix UK has more excellent TV crime drama than you can shake a murder weapon at – and plenty that fans of Top of the Lake will just love. So if you couldn't get enough of Elisabeth Moss' razor sharp Kiwi detective, you might like to check out these twelve superb offerings…
13 top Netflix shows for Top of the Lake fans
River River, a six-part police procedural from the BBC, scored a real coup in signing up Swedish actor Stellan Skarsgård for the lead. He's predictably brilliant as police inspector John River, a man haunted by the ghosts of the murder victims whose cases he's yet to solve. But are the ghosts real? Or is their mental health declining? Nicola Walker and Ray Donovan actor Eddie Marsan provide able support. IMDb Rating: 8.1
Ozark Arrested Development star Jason Bateman isn't exactly renowned for their dramatic work. So when their new money laundering drama Ozark hit Netflix, there was very little fanfare. The story of a regular guy drawn into the nasty world of Mexican drug cartels and scheming their way out of it may sound a little too Breaking Bad, but it isn't. There's so much more to this truly fantastic ten-part series. Look out for the performance of Julia Garner from The Americans as Ruth Langmore especially. This is unmissable. IMDb Rating: 8.7
The Break Anyone who's seen Public Enemy on Sky Atlantic recently will know that Belgium is a force to be reckoned with now when it comes to dark TV crimers. The Break is a ten part French language series that follows a Brussels detective who moves back to their rural hometown. Once there, they investigate the apparent suicide of a young African footballer. But, as you can imagine, Detective Peeters soon suspects foul play. Often bleak, it's not exactly a fun watch. But it's damn fine drama nonetheless. IMDb Rating: 7.9
Between On the face of it, Netflix's Between might not seem to have a huge amount in common with Top of the Lake. But while it may be science fiction, it's still about people dying – and dying near a very picturesque lake, no less. Set in the Midwestern town of Pretty Lake (see?), everyone over the age of 21 suddenly carks it due to outbreak of a contagious disease. The town is quickly quarantined. The series then follows the tensions that arise from the now very young townsfolk being trapped in Pretty Lake together. Between isn't the best TV show of recent years, but it's still well worth a lazy watch of a Sunday afternoon. IMDb Rating: 6.0
Aquarius For those of you that enjoy a brief synopsis, Aquarius is ‘Fox Mulder harassing Charles Manson.' For those of you that prefer a little more detail, Aquarius is a gritty crime series that follows hard-nosed, old-fashioned and hippy-hating LAPD detective Sam Hodiak, played by David Duchovny, as they investigate a missing girl who has been taken into Charlie Manson's Family cult. In many ways it's a fairly normal police drama, but then things often get weird. Real-life events are touched on, as well as plenty of drugs, violence and even the odd orgy. Plus, well, it's Fox Mulder harassing Charles Manson… And that's weird enough in and of itself. IMDb Rating: 7.1
Frequency A strong female lead boosts this police drama from slightly hokey premise to solid offering, all thanks to Mad Men actor Peyton List. They play NYPD detective Raimy Sullivan who, weirdly enough, starts talking to their dead father through a HAM radio that gets struck by lightning. It sounds like a rather daft premise and, well, it kind of is. But stick with it and you'll be rewarded with a well-made crime thriller series. IMDb Rating: 7.7
Hannibal Until recently, the name ‘Hannibal Lecter' conjured up images of a bloodsoaked Sir Anthony Hopkins or a well-thumbed copy of an old Thomas Harris novel. But due to the huge success of Bryan Fuller's impressive TV adaptation of the early years of the Lecter mythos, the image of a well-tailored Mads Mikkelsen now comes to mind too. Depicting frequent and stylised violence like never before on television, Hannibal is not for the faint of heart. But, if you've the heart, stomach and liver for this macabre visual feast and you've never seen it before, you're in for a huge, huge treat. IMDb Rating: 8.6
Slasher Katie McGrath stars in this Canadian horror series that sees a woman whose parents were murdered by a serial killer known as ‘The Executioner' return to their hometown. Once back, a series of copycat murders rocks the small town once again and our hero is caught in the middle. It might not be quite as classy as Top of the Lake, but it's certainly pretty dark. And it certainly doesn't hold back with the slashing… IMDb Rating: 6.7
Safe House Christopher Eccleston stars in this ITV production about a ex-police officer who is persuaded by a former colleague and friend to turn their idyllic lakeside holiday home retreat into a safe house for a witness in hiding. The house isn't as safe as it's supposed to be though and a tense game of cat and mouse ensues. Crime, drama, murder, danger and – of course – a lake. What's not to like…? IMDb Rating: 6.5
Mad Men Now if you're a television aficionado, there's a good chance you may already be very familiar with Don Draper's Madison Avenue-based shenanigans. But if you're never caught it on Sky, now's your chance to see Mad Men at your leisure on Netflix. Top of the Lake fans will enjoy another fine performance here by Elisabeth Moss. They'll also enjoy the rest of it, what with it being one of the finest TV shows ever made. IMDb Rating: 8.6
The Fear Scottish actor Peter Mullan, as they so often does, steals the show in this tale of an ailing crime boss suffering from ever-worsening dementia. They manage to humanise a rather nasty character and elicit some real empathy for someone you'd otherwise cross the street to avoid. The Fear is brutal and uncompromising, but as British crime dramas go, this 2012 Channel 4 production is one of the best of recent times. IMDb Rating: 7.3
David Labrava Hells Angels
David Labrava is an actor on the tv show Sons of Anarchy, artist and a member of the Hells Angels MC.
David Labrava Hells Angels – Early Life
David Labrava was born in Miami, however they were raised in Europe, spending many years in Amsterdam.
When they were young they rode dirt bikes, but quickly progressed and bought their first Harley-Davidson motorcycle when they were only 17 years of age.
David Labrava Hells Angels – Club Involvement
David Labrava is a member of the Hells Angels Oakland chapter, one of the most famous of the Hells Angels chapters as one of the founding members was Sonny Barger. The Oakland clubhouse is located directly across the road from the tattoo shop that they run, Evil Ink. See photo of the tattoo store further down in the “Other Business” section.
In 2008 they were on the Hells Angels Annual USA Run when they were arrested for drug possession and misdemeanors (see the “Crime” section further down for more information).
David Labrava Hells Angels – Sons of Anarchy
David Labrava was originally brought on to the show Sons of Anarchy (SOA) by the the show's creator, Kurt Sutter, as a technical advisor, as the show wanted to accurately depict the one percenter motorcycle club culture. David Labrava later had a meeting with Kurt Sutter and explained that they also are writer and would like an opportunity to be cast in a role.
In the following YouTube clip discusses how they made it onto the show:
David Labrava plays the character “Happy Lowman”, the SOA Happy character is the Sergeant-At-Arms of SAMCRO (Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, California Redwood Original). They were previously in the Tacoma, Washington and Nomad chapters of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club. In the show they tattoo a happy face on themselves every time that they kill a person. In SOA Happy is a fan favourite.
They also co-wrote Season 4, Episode 10, “Hands”.
Also appearing at times on SOA are Hells Angels members Chuck Zito, Rusty Coones and Sonny Barger (who played Lenny the Pimp).
David Labrava Hells Angels – Other Business
Although most people reading this article would know them only from their acting on Sons of Anarchy, overall it would be best to describe David Labrava as a “creative type”, as they have their hand in many of the different arts, and has had so for several decades.
Before joining the Sons of Anarchy show they were a published writer, having written columns in magazines since the 1990s. Some of their credits include a column in the hot rod magazine, Ol Skool Rodz, called “Burnin' Rubber with Jimmy Carbone“. They also wrote for the Horse Motorcycle magazine.
David Labrava is also a glass artist, has a movie company “Artful Dodger Filmworks” and a clothing lined “DOGKULCHA”, which helps out animal rescue charities. In 2015 they directed their first movie titled “Street Level”.
They previously ran a tattoo shop named Evil Ink in Oakland, California. The tattoo shop is directly across the road from the Hells Angels Oakland charter clubhouse (see photo of the clubhouse further up in this article). It is believed that they may no longer run this shop.
David Labrava Hells Angels – Crime
2008 – August, 2008. While in Missoula County, Montana as part of the annual Hells Angels USA Run, David Labrava was arrested on two felony drug possession charges as well as two misdemeanor charges.
Police were approached by a man who told them that a woman was being held against their will in a hotel room with David Labrava. They went to the hotel room and removed the woman from the room and arrested Labrava.
A search warrant was obtained for the room and cocaine, 1.5 grams of hashish, a small amount of marijuana and a “Death Head” design pipe were sized. They were jailed on $2500 bail.
David Labrava Hells Angels – Media
Book – Becoming a Son by David Labrava.
This book tells their life story, following many of the paths described in this article. Across multiple countries and varied professions including the arts and life in the Hells Angels. Find out more on Amazon (link opens in a new tab).
DVD – Sons of Anarchy The complete boxed set.
Following of the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, of which David Labrava plays the character “Happy”, who is a Sergeant-At-Arms. This is the complete box set and contains 30 discs. Find out more on Amazon (link opens in a new tab).
Read More:
Please help us out by hitting the “Share” button so that we can keep bringing you more articles and “Follow” us on Facebook so that you get updated when we release new articles.
Burma is now Myanmar, Rangoon is Yangon, and Madras is Chennai. But Tamil filmmakers continue to turn to Rangoon and Burma for cinematic inspiration.
The upcoming Rangoon, produced by AR Murugadoss and directed by Rajkumar Periasamy, depicts the journey undertaken by Venkat, a small-time business person, from Madras (not Chennai) to Rangoon (not Yangon). Venkat has already established a connection with their future destination. They work at Rangoon Jewellers in Sowcarpet. When asked if it is safe to go to Rangoon all by himself, Venkat says, “Ingendu Rangoon pogardellam oru matteraa? Namma ooru” (It's not a big deal to go to Rangoon from Madras. It's our city.)
Venkat isn't exaggerating, but simply evoking a long-standing link between Tamil Nadu and Myanmar that Tamil cinema has consistently explored since the 1940s.
Play Rangoon (2017).
In 1945, when the British government brought in a rule that one out of every three studio films should mark the war effort, production companies in Chennai came up with such titles as Burma Rani (1945) and Manasamrakshanam (1945). Prints of Manasamrakshanam have not survived, and all we know is that it is a British spy war film in Tamil set in Rangoon.
Burma Rani, directed by TR Sundaram and produced by Modern Theatres, is about three Indian pilots who stray into Rangoon, which is under the rule of the Japanese (spelt as Jappanese in the film). The pilots help liberate Rangoon and are assisted by Rani (TA Mathuram), an Indian woman in Burma. Rani's heart is in Tamilagam (the Tamil state). It isn't a conflict at all for them when it comes to saving the lives of the Tamil airmen. Burma Rani also features a British spy ring headed by Mangalam (KLV Vasantha).
Play Burma Rani (1945).
One of the most popular examples of the Burma connection is the Sivaji Ganesan blockbuster Parasakthi (1952). Chandrashekaran and their brothers are lawyers in Rangoon. Their sister Kalyani is about to be married, and the brothers decide to leave for Madras. World War II is raging, and travel conditions are getting arduous. The youngest brother Gunasekharan (Ganesan) manages to get a spot on one of the crowded ships ferrying Tamilians to Madras. As the war intensifies, the other two brothers begin to walk to Madras all the way from Rangoon. Gunasekharan later ends up in court to defend their sister's honour, yielding one of the most well-known sequences in Tamil cinema.
Play Parasakthi (1952).
The films were made against the backdrop of historic trade routes between the Tamil-speaking regions and Burma. For centuries, merchants, traders and labourers have travelled to the port cities of Rangoon, Ceylon and Penang, and scores of them settled there. “Beginning in the 1880s, Burma was the third great destination for Indian labour, and it would attract the most migrants of all,” writes Sunil S Amrith in their book Crossing the Bay of Bengal. “By 1911, more than 100,000 people each year arrived from India in each of these three destinations across the Bay of Bengal. The statistics are notoriously imprecise but in the century between 1840 and 1940 somewhere around 8 million people travelled from India to Ceylon....between 12 million and 15 million to Burma.”
The port cities hardly felt alien to the migrants, and were seen as an “extension of India”, Amrith adds. “Burma was ruled as a province of British India, and so Indians who moved to Burma were “domestic” migrants, despite having crossed the Bay,” they write. Rangoon was described as an “Indian city”.
This sentiment is echoed in Parasakthi. In the prologue, directors Krishnan and Panju specify that this is a film about the plight of Tamils in Tamil Nadu and Burma during World War II. The film opens with a song that extols the virtues of Dravida Nadu. At the end of the song, a man walks up to the stage and talks about the cheerless situation that many families are in because they are separated from their loved ones working in Rangoon. There is a reason seawater is salty, they add. It's made up of the tears of Tamilians forced to leave their homeland and work in Rangoon.
Four years after Parasakthi, Sivaji Ganesan starred in Rangoon Radha (1956). Rangam (Bhanumathi), after being shunned by their husband in Kottaiyur, walks to Rangoon and seeks refuge there. Rangam brings up an orphan whom they name Rangoon Radha (Rajasulochana), who, after they grow up, takes Rangam home to Tamil Nadu and eventually weds Rangam's son – a literal marriage of Madras and Rangoon.
Play Rangoon Radha (1956).
Indians in Burma were as likely to work as farmers as in small-scale industries. The Chettiar community, in particular, played a key role in developing the credit economy. “Before the 1970s, Burmese pioneers expanded into the Irrawady delta and increased rice cultivation slowly but steadily,” writes Amrith. “They relied on relatives and shopkeepers for credit to tide them over until the harvest or to finance occasional cash purchases. As new lands were colonised in a headlong rush after the opening of the Suez Canal, the need for credit became acute. The Chettiars were the only group that could supply it.” This could explain the affluence of Mangalam, Burma Rani and Gunasekharan.
As the far-reaching effects of the Great Depression reached Rangoon's shores in the '30s, Indians paid the price. A strong national movement emerged in Burma, provoking anti-colonial and anti-immigrant sentiments. The tensions culminated in the Japanese occupation of South-East Asia in the '40s, and World War II further forced many migrants back to Tamil Nadu.
The movies reflected the severance of the link. In Mallika (1957), a Tamil business person returns from Burma after profits dry up. They die along with their wife in a plane crash on the way home, while their daughters survive. The accident is a symbol of the brutal end of a mutually enriching relationship.
Play Burma Bazaar.
Many of the Burmese Tamils who returned to Madras were rehabilitated on a piece of land that is now known as Burma Bazaar. It is run by the Burma Tamilar Marumalarchi Sangam, and sells mainly electronics, textiles and food items. It is also a market for pirated films. Saran's Vattaram (2006), a gangster film, and KV Anand's Ayan (2009), an action film feature the market, especially the pirated CD shops.
Vetrimaaran's Aadukalam (2011) is dedicated to various writers and filmmakers and Burma Bazaar for opening a window on to world cinema.
The crime thriller Burma (2015), directed by Dharani Dharan, makes a sly reference to the off-the-books nature of Burma Bazaar's economy. Parmanandham (Michael Thangadurai) is an expert car thief. Their name is contracted to Parma, which in turn becomes Burma.
In the same year that Burma was released came KV Anand's Anegan. One portion plays out in the '60s in Burma, and is about a Tamil migrant who falls in love with the daughter of a Burmese military general.  They are forced to flee when the love story is discovered.
Periasamy's Rangoon seems to follow in Anegan's footsteps by evoking the older connection of trade and labour between the two regions. As Venkat says, it is indeed never a big deal to go to Rangoon as far as Tamil cinema is concerned.
Beginner's Guide To Making The Most Highly-Rated Recipes
Updated Nov 10, 2018
When I first started DIY, I went through a rather time-consuming process of figuring out what I needed to buy for my first purchase. I figured that I'd write a guide which might help another beginner make their initial purchase.
So I decided to analyze the 100 top-rated recipes, and find all the recipes good for a beginner - those with 4 flavors or fewer.
Below you'll find some lists of recipes with varying numbers of flavors, along with the flavors used in each, so you can quickly find some recipes to make. I've included some info on the amounts of each flavor to purchase, along with some info on determining how much PG, VG and Nicotine concentrate to buy.
I've also put together an “economical” first order - a small list of recipes using a common list of flavors so you don't end up buying a flavor that gets used in only one recipe. This is not going to be perfect for everyone, but it should help some people get started.
Note: In the recipe listings below, flavors that are used in only a single recipe are italicized. These flavors are certainly used in other recipes on ELR, but they're in only 1 recipe listed in this guide. This is shown simply to help you make a wise purchase. It's expensive to buy flavors that only get used once.
Recipes with 2 flavors, sorted by Rating
Simply tobacco - 7Leaves Ultimate (FA), Rum, Jamaican Special (Jamaica Rhum) (FA)
Night Shift v1by gcrannel - Cappuccino (Cap), Chocolate Glazed Doughnut (Cap)
Mustard Milk - Simple Strawberries and Cream - Strawberry (TPA), Vanilla Bean Ice Cream (TPA)
Atmose Chifles - Banana Cream (TPA), Caramel (Original) (TPA)
Recipes with 3 flavors, sorted by Rating
snowy fuji - Apple, Fuji (FA), Bavarian Cream (TPA), Caramel (Cap)
Bombies 'nana cream - Banana Cream (LA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Strawberry (TPA)
Macho - Dark Vapure (FA), Perique Black (FA), Tobacco, DNB (Dirty Neutral Base) (Inawera)
Custard King - RY4 Double (TPA), Sweet Cream (TPA), Vanilla Swirl (TPA)
Mikes Melons (Cuttwood Monster Melon Clone) - Cantaloupe (TPA), Mango (TPA), Papaya (TPA)
Sinnamon Cookie Kustard - Cinnamon Danish Swirl (Cap), Sugar Cookie (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Cactus Tropical - Cactus (Inawera), Forest Fruit (Forest Mix) (FA), Sweetener (Sucralose/Maltol) (TPA)
Grants Vanilla Custard my way - French Vanilla v1 (Cap), New York Cheesecake (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
nutty coffee - Almond, Toasted (TPA), Espresso (TPA), Graham Cracker (Clear) (TPA)
muffin man clone(spot on) - Apple Pie v1 (Cap), Cinnamon Danish Swirl (Cap), Double Apple (Cap)
Girl With The Dragon Cheescake - Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Vanilla Swirl (TPA)
Old Habits - Latakia (FA), Tobacco, DNB (Dirty Neutral Base) (Inawera), Virginia (FA)
Recipes with 4 flavors, sorted by Rating
Strawnana Custard - Banana Cream (Colorless) (LA), Strawberry, Ripe (TPA), Strawberry, Sweet (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
DaMomma's RY4 Delight - Catalan Cream (FA), RY4 Double (TPA), Sweet Cream (FW), Vanilla Custard v2 (Cap)
strawberry fog - Bavarian Cream (TPA), Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA), Strawberry, Ripe (TPA), Vanilla Custard (TPA)
Candybeca - Acetyl Pyrazine 5% (TPA), Cotton Candy (10% EM/Ethyl Maltol) (TPA), Graham Cracker (Clear) (TPA), RY4 Double (TPA)
Queen's Cookie Jar (SthrnMixer Original) - Biscuit (Inawera), Pear (FA), Strawberry Shisha (Inawera), Sugar Cookie (Cap)
Birthday Cake - Biscuit (Inawera), Cake Batter Dip (FW), Meringue (FA), Vanilla Bean Ice Cream (Cap)
Glass Apple - Apple, Fuji (FA), Koolada 10% (TPA), Peach (Juicy) (TPA), Strawberry, Ripe (TPA)
Kreed's Kustard - Cotton Candy (10% EM/Ethyl Maltol) (TPA), French Vanilla v1 (Cap), New York Cheesecake (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Ripe Dragon Cream - Cotton Candy (10% EM/Ethyl Maltol) (TPA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Strawberry, Ripe (TPA), Sweet Cream (TPA)
Carabeca - Acetyl Pyrazine 5% (TPA), Butterscotch (TPA), Graham Cracker (Clear) (TPA), RY4 Double (TPA)
Butter Pecan Custard (BPC wonderfullness) - Butter Cream (Cap), Butter Pecan (FW), Cream, Sweet (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Sparkling Apple Peach Wine - Apple, Fuji (FA), Vienna Cream (FA), White Peach (FA), Wine Champagne (FA)
Blue'addy Yogurt - Bavarian Cream (TPA), Blackcurrant (FA), Blueberry Extra (TPA), Greek Yogurt (TPA)
100% VGOD EJUICE REMIX - Cloud Bros, Instagram Likes, Marketing, Sucralose 10%
cuttwood sugar bear clone - Cinnamon Danish Swirl (Cap), Cinnamon Roll (FW), Cotton Candy (10% EM/Ethyl Maltol) (TPA), Sugar Cookie (Cap)
Frosted Flakes - Acetyl Pyrazine 5% (TPA), Cake (Yellow) (FW), Hazelnut (FW), Meringue (FA)
Creamy Caramel Custard - Caramel (Original) (TPA), Caramel Candy (TPA), Sweet Cream (TPA), Vanilla Custard (TPA)
The Kennedy (clone) - Caramel (Original) (TPA), Pistachio (TPA), Sugar Cookie (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Halo Tribeca Clone - Acetyl Pyrazine 5% (TPA), Cotton Candy (10% EM/Ethyl Maltol) (TPA), Graham Cracker (FW), RY4 Double (TPA)
Ingredient Quantities To Purchase - Flavors
If you were to make a 30ml bottle of each and every recipe above, you will need to purchase 75 flavors.
How much to purchase of each flavor is somewhat difficult to accurately calculate, since some vendors repackage flavors into small bottles, and some manufacturers make large bottles. Generally speaking, you'll only need to purchase a small bottle (at least 8ml) of each flavor.
However, some flavors are used in many recipes, and some flavors are used in higher percentages.
You may want to consider buying more of the flavors listed below - a second bottle, or a larger size. Note that the amounts listed next to each flavor show how much you need if you made a 30ml bottle of every recipe listed in this guide.
RY4 Double (TPA) - 15ml
Strawberry, Ripe (TPA) - 8ml
Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap) - 10ml
Ingredient Quantities To Purchase - PG, VG & Nic
Calculating how much PG, VG and Nicotine that you will need to purchase is very difficult to do since everyone is different.
Buying the exact quantity need is almost impossible, since these things are sold in certain sizes. I want to make sure that you order enough, not the exact amount required.
There are also many, many variables.
Do you wish to make your recipes at MaxVG? All PG? 70% VG & 30% PG? Or some other ratio?
Do you use 100mg Nicotine concentrate? Or 12mg? Or something in between?
Is the Nicotine in a VG base? Or a PG base? Or a mix?
Therefore I will have to introduce some concepts, and then you're going to have to do some (hopefully simple) math. I've also included some examples.
And I'm going to introduce a rule for this section: When in doubt, buy a larger bottle.
Math And Stuff
Ugh. I know. But I'm going to try to keep this simple. And that's going to mean that this is going to be a little bit inaccurate. - but hopefully it will be accurate enough to give you a decent idea of how much to purchase.
First let's consider how much finished eLiquid that you're planning on making. Let's say that you decide to make 25 recipes, and each bottle will be 30ml. That's 25 * 30, so 750ml of finished eLiquid.
Nicotine Concentrate
First, consider the nicotine level you want your finished juice to be. For example, 3mg.
Next, consider the strength of the nicotine concentrate. For example, 12mg.
Lastly, consider the amount of finished juice you're going to make. In our example it's 750ml.
Divide your desired nic level (3mg) by the concentrate strength (12mg) which gives us 0.25.
Now multiply this by the amount you're going to make - 0.25 * 750 ml = 188ml.
You'd need 188ml of 12mg concentrate in order to make 750ml of 3mg juice.
Another Example
First, consider the nicotine level you want your finished juice to be. For example, 6mg.
Next, consider the strength of the nicotine concentrate. For example, 36mg.
Lastly, consider the amount of finished juice you're going to make. In our example it's 750ml.
Divide your desired nic level (6mg) by the concentrate strength (36mg) which gives us 0.167.
Now multiply this by the amount you're going to make - 0.167 * 750 ml = 125ml.
You'd need 125ml of 36mg concentrate in order to make 750ml of 6mg juice.
Nicotine Base - VG or PG?
The Nicotine concentrate can come mixed into VG, PG, or a mix of both. What type should you buy? For now, let's keep it simple - if you want MaxVG, buy Nicotine concentrate in a VG base. Otherwise, buy it in a PG base.
PG and VG
Remember from above that we're going to make 25 bottles of finished eLiquid, each at 30ml. That's 750ml of finished product.
Let's say that you prefer your juices to have 65% VG, and 35% PG.
For VG, 65% of 750ml is, ummm… calculator… 488ml of VG.
For PG, 35% of 750ml is 263ml.
Easy, right?
Subtract The Nicotine Base
Now you know how much Nicotine concentrate to buy (188ml or 125ml, based on our examples). Since some of this concentrate is PG or VG (or both), you can subtract this from the PG & VG amounts above.
Our example above says to buy 488ml of VG and 263ml of PG. But the Nicotine concentrate is mostly PG or VG, depending on what you chose. You just need to subtract the amount of Nicotine concentrate from the amount of PG or VG, depending on the base you chose.
Let's say you want MaxVG and need to purchase 188ml of Nicotine concentrate. 488ml - 188ml = 300ml of VG.
Let's say you want decided to get the Nicotine concentrate in a PG base, and only need 125ml. 263ml - 125ml = 138ml of PG.
Round Up! (The Easy Way)
So those calculations are fairly precise and will get you the (almost) exact amount of PG, VG and Nicotine to buy. But you're going to want to make more recipes, and you're going to have a bunch of flavors lying around. So buy more than you think you need.
An “Economical” First Order
NOTE: This section has not been updated, since I did this manually. I will need to revisit this.
You might want to check out the “Analyzing” post for an updated list which contains more flavors.
This will go over an order which will make a fair number of recipes with the least number of flavors to purchase.
These 18 flavors:
Banana Cream (LA)
Bavarian Cream (TPA)
Biscuit (Inawera)
Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA)
Cinnamon Danish Swirl (Cap)
Dragonfruit (TPA)
Ethyl Maltol 10%
French Vanilla (Cap)
Joy (FA)
Meringue (FA)
New York Cheesecake (Cap)
Strawberry (Ripe) (TPA)
Strawberry (TPA)
Sugar Cookie (Cap)
Sweet Cream (TPA)
Vanilla Custard (TPA)
Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Vanilla Swirl (TPA)
Will allow you to make these 10 highly-rated, simple-to-make recipes:
Strawberry Cheesecake - Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA), Strawberry (Ripe) (TPA)
Bombies 'nana cream - Banana Cream (LA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Strawberry (TPA)
Grants Vanilla Custard my way - French Vanilla (Cap), New York Cheesecake (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Sucker punch clone 50ml - Bavarian Cream (TPA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Vanilla Swirl (TPA)
Sinnamon Cookie Kustard - Cinnamon Danish Swirl (Cap), Sugar Cookie (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Girl With The Dragon Cheescake - Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA), Dragonfruit (TPA), Vanilla Swirl (TPA)
strawberry fog - Bavarian Cream (TPA), Cheesecake (Graham Crust) (TPA), Strawberry (Ripe) (TPA), Vanilla Custard (TPA)
Kreed's Kustard (Custard Cheesecake) - Ethyl Maltol 10%, French Vanilla (Cap), New York Cheesecake (Cap), Vanilla Custard v1 (Cap)
Ripe Dragon Cream - Dragonfruit (TPA), Ethyl Maltol 10%, Strawberry (Ripe) (TPA), Sweet Cream (TPA)
Geography - French Quarter clone - Biscuit (Inawera), Joy (FA), Meringue (FA), Sugar Cookie (Cap)
Other Items To Purchase
If you make a 30ml bottle of each one of those recipes, you'll need to buy a single small bottle of each flavoring. You'll have some left over.
If you make your recipes at 70/30 VG/PG and 3mg nicotine, you'll also need:
250ml of VG
60ml of PG
60ml of 24mg Nicotine concentrate in a PG base
Note: If you want more exact measurements, or use a different nicotine strength or PG/VG ratio, see the section Ingredient Quantities To Purchase - PG, VG & Nic above.
You'll also need to buy ten 30ml bottles.
And you'll most certainly want to buy a scale. Many people, including me, recommend the American Weigh Scales LB-501 Digital Kitchen Scale available at Amazon: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005UGBG20
The Total Cost
All of these supplies in this section can be purchased - in the US - for just under $100, though shipping costs may push that over the $100 mark.
Considering that 10 bottles of premium commercial eLiquid will cost you about $200, that's not a bad deal.
Considering that you'll still have some flavoring left over, and the scale, that's definitely a good deal.
Note:
Another thread, Analyzing The 100 Top-Rated Recipes, has a list of 40 flavors that will make 31 of the top 100 recipes. They're not all simple recipes, but the list of flavors may be worth considering. See the section “Maximum Efficiency” near the bottom of the post.
Other Simple Recipes
This guide only considers recipes from the list of the top 100 highly-rated recipes. This was done to narrow the scope of this guide, and keep the guide from overwhelming beginners - and myself!
But there are many, many more simple recipes that are suitable for beginners, and it's not always easy to find recipes with only a few flavors. I stumbled upon a post from daath that explains a hidden feature that can be used to limit searches to recipes with a specific number of flavors. It doesn't work everywhere, and it doesn't work if you click on a button to get to the next page. So I've listed a few links below to make such searches a bit easier.
Top-Rated 2-Flavor Recipes
Top-Rated 3-Flavor Recipes
Top-Rated 4-Flavor Recipes
Feeling adventurous? No longer a beginner? Just interested in seeing what can be done with more flavors? Click below…
Top-Rated 5-Flavor Recipes
Top-Rated 6-Flavor Recipes
Top-Rated 7-Flavor Recipes
Conclusion
I hope this provided some info and proved useful to someone.
Don't forget to rate your favorite recipes!
Updates
9/11/16 - Added section “Other Simple Recipes”
9/11/16 - Added flavors to the recipes listed in An Economical First Order
9/17/16 - Fixed “Other Simple Recipes” to display properly, particularly for non-members
11/10/18 - Updated using current info as of 11/10/18
Updates
9/17/16 - Added section “Maximum Efficiency”
11/10/18 - Updated using info current on Nov 10, 2018
WEST POINT, N.Y. – Army West Point baseball will renew its longstanding historic tradition by hosting the New York Mets in an exhibition game this March.
The Black Knights are set to welcome the Mets to Doubleday Field at Johnson Stadium on Friday, March 31, at 3 p.m. The exhibition game will be New York's final tune up of spring training before opening its season on April 3.
The contest will be Army's 22nd of the year, and will be the Cadets' last game before kicking off Patriot League play with a doubleheader the next day at Lafayette.
Mets legends such as Dwight Gooden, Keith Hernandez and Darryl Strawberry played at West Point just a short time ago, and now manager Terry Collins and their 2017 squad will grace the historic playing surface at Doubleday Field.
"We are excited to have the New York Mets back at West Point before the start of the 2017 Major League Baseball season," Army's Director of Athletics Boo Corrigan said. "We would like to thank the Mets owners Fred and Jeff Wilpon, Saul Katz and General Manager Sandy Alderson for renewing this long standing tradition of us hosting a professional baseball organization. This is a great opportunity for our cadets and the entire West Point community."
"Sandy Alderson and I were so inspired by our visit to the West Point campus last year that we wanted our players to have that experience," New York Mets Chief Operating Officer Jeff Wilpon said. "The Mets are proud to be able to continue the strong bond we have with our military and this is a new way to show our appreciation for the sacrifices and bravery of our nation's armed forces. We are looking forward to the game."
One year after its origination, the Mets played their first-ever contest against West Point, posting a 3-0 decision over the Black Knights on May 6, 1963. That result marked the closest game of the series.
Since then there have been seven additional meetings between these two organizations, with the last coming 33 years ago on April 26, 1984, in which New York recorded a 6-0 win.
The Mets also visited West Point to face Army in 1965, 1967, 1971, 1973, 1975, and 1979.
Army has built a continuous tradition of playing Major League Baseball teams, competing in 85 exhibition games between 1914 and 1986. The custom fell dormant though until 2013 when Army hosted the New York Yankees in an exhibition game on March 30.
The Yankees and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants) have been the Cadets' most familiar foe at 22 games but the Mets eight visits to West Point rank tied with the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers) for second-most.
Army first competed against a Major League club on May 9, 1914, when a group of New York Giants rookies defeated the Black Knights, 7-2. The Cadets recorded their first and only wins against a Major League team in 1945 when they took two out of three games from the Dodgers.
Doubleday Field was named after Abner Doubleday, an 1842 West Point graduate, who is credited with creating the game of baseball.
Ticket information is not available at this time. Tickets for this event will be limited and reserved for USMA Cadets and the West Point community and may not be made available to the general public. All ticket sales will be conducted through the Army West Point Ticket Office when they become available.
The Black Knights officially open their 2017 campaign Friday, when they travel to Louisiana to face service-academy rival Air Force and No. 33 Tulane. The Cadets will also have a contest with No. 3 LSU during their time in the Bayou State. Army then begins its home schedule March 25-27, hosting Harvard for a four-game series just five days before the Mets come into town.
Army vs. Professional Baseball Teams
May 10, 1914 - New York Giants (L, 7-2)
April 15, 1922 - New York Giants (L, 11-3)
April 16, 1923 - New York Giants (L, 14-2)
April 23, 1924 - New York Giants (L, 10-3)
April 13, 1925 - New York Giants (L, 7-0)
April 11, 1927 - New York Giants (L, 19-6)
May 26, 1927 - New York Yankees (L, 2-0)
April 9, 1928 - New York Giants (L, 16-4)
May 3, 1928 - New York Yankees (L, 20-9)
April 15, 1929 - New York Giants (L, 6-1)
April 14, 1930 - New York Giants (L, 18-0)
May 23, 1930 - New York Yankees (L, 20-2)
April 13, 1931 - New York Giants (L, 4-3)
April 17, 1931 - New York Yankees (L, 15-1)
May 31, 1932 - New York Yankees (L, 9-3)
April 10, 1933 - New York Yankees (L, 9-0)
June 11, 1934 - New York Yankees (L, 7-0)
April 15, 1935 - New York Giants (L, 9-0)
April 22, 1935 - New York Yankees (L, 5-1)
June 1, 1936 - New York Yankees (L, 6-2)
April 19, 1937 - New York Yankees (L, 19-4)
April 17, 1939 - New York Giants (L, 4-2)
April 15, 1940 - New York Giants (L, 7-1)
April 14, 1941 - New York Giants (L, 9-0)
April 13, 1942 - New York Giants (L, 12-3)
April 2, 1943 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 12-8)
April 5, 1943 - Montreal Royals (L, 6-3)
March 31, 1944 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 18-4)
April 1, 1944 - Montreal Royals (W, 8-6)
April 10, 1944 - Montreal Royals (T, 6-6)
April 17, 1944 - New York Giants (L, 11-9)
May 8, 1944 - New York Yankees (L, 14-0)
March 24, 1945 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 9-5)
March 28, 1945 - Brooklyn Dodgers (W, 5-4)
April 7, 1945 - Brooklyn Dodgers (W, 4-0)
April 9, 1945 - Montreal Royals (W, 12-8)
April 11, 1945 - Montreal Royals (L, 8-4)
April 12, 1945 - Montreal Royals (L, 9-3)
April 15, 1946 - New York Giants (T, 2-2)
April 19, 1946 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 7-3)
April 28, 1947 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 16-5)
April 19, 1948 - New York Giants (L, 7-2)
April 2, 1949 - Brooklyn Dodgers (L, 4-3)
April 17, 1950 - New York Giants (L, 8-0)
April 12, 1954 - New York Giants (L, 6-5)
April 11, 1955 - New York Giants (L, 14-1)
April 15, 1957 - New York Giants (L, 16-0)
May 26, 1958 - San Francisco Giants (L, 17-1)
April 14, 1961 - New York Yankees (L, 14-0)
May 7, 1962 - New York Yankees (L, 8-4)
April 22, 1963 - New York Yankees (L, 15-2)
May 6, 1963 - New York Mets (L, 3-0)
April 27, 1964 - New York Yankees (L, 8-2)
May 10, 1965 - New York Mets (L, 8-0)
April 29, 1966 - New York Yankees (L, 1-0)
May 8, 1967 - New York Mets (L, 4-0)
May 9, 1968 - New York Yankees (L, 9-0)
May 22, 1969 - New York Yankees (L, 4-0)
April 15, 1971 - New York Mets (L, 8-0)
April 27, 1972 - New York Yankees (L, 10-1)
April 30, 1973 - New York Mets (L, 7-1)
April 23, 1974 - New York Yankees (L, 7-0)
May 5, 1975 - New York Mets (L, 5-0)
April 19, 1976 - New York Yankees (L, 2-0)
April 19, 1979 - New York Mets (L, 19-0)
April 11, 1983 - Detroit Tigers (L, 11-1)
April 26, 1984 - New York Mets (L, 6-0)
May 6, 1986 - Houston Astros (L, 9-0)
March 30, 2013 – New York Yankees (L, 10-5)
All-Time Records vs. Professional Opponents
vs. N.Y. Yankees: 0-22
vs. N.Y. Giants: 0-22
vs. N.Y. Mets: 0-8
vs. Brooklyn Dodgers: 2-6
vs. Montreal Royals: 2-3-1
vs. S.F. Giants: 0-1
vs. Detroit Tigers: 0-1
vs. Houston Astros: 0-1
Cyclists take part in TD 5 Boro Bike Tour 2013. (credit: Jessica Marcus/CBSNewYork.com) Cyclists take part in TD 5 Boro Bike Tour 2013. (credit: Jessica Marcus/CBSNewYork.com)
– A man died while taking part in the annual TD 5 Boro Bike Tour , police confirmed to WCBS 880 on Sunday afternoon.
According to police, 51-year-old Michigan resident Michael Boren was taking part in the 40-mile race and went into cardiac arrest around 10:50 a.m. on the upper level of the Ed Koch Queensboro Bridge.
Boren, of Almont, Mich., was pronounced dead at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center after attempts at CPR failed, according to police.
It is believed the man had suffered a heart attack in the past, police said.
About 32,000 cyclists took part in the five-borough bike race.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories
In the future, a new type of tiny redox flow battery will supply tightly packed electronic components with energy, while also dissipating the heat they produce.
Researchers at ETH Zurich and IBM Research Zurich have built a tiny redox flow battery. This means that future computer chip stacks - in which individual chips are stacked like pancakes to save space and energy - could be supplied with electrical power and cooled at the same time by such integrated flow batteries . In a flow battery, an electrochemical reaction is used to produce electricity out of two liquid electrolytes, which are pumped to the battery cell from outside via a closed electrolyte loop.
"The chips are effectively operated with a liquid fuel and produce their own electricity," says Dimos Poulikakos, Professor of Thermodynamics at ETH Zurich. As the scientists use two liquids that are known to be suitable both as flow-battery electrolytes and as a medium to also effect cooling, excess heat can also be dissipated from the chip stack via the same circuit.
The battery built by the scientists is only around 1.5 millimetres thick. The idea would be to assemble chip stacks layer by layer: a computer chip, then a thin battery micro-cell that supplies the chip with electricity and cools it, followed by the next computer chip and so on.
Record-high output
Previous flow batteries are usually large scale and used mainly in stationary energy storage applications, for instance in combination with wind farms and solar power plants, where they temporarily store the energy produced there so it can be used at a later time. "We are the first scientists to build such a small flow battery so as to combine energy supply and cooling," says Julian Marschewski, a doctoral student in Poulikakos' group.
The output of the new micro-battery also reaches a record-high in terms of its size: 1.4 watts per square centimetre of battery surface. Even if you subtract the power required to pump the liquid electrolytes to the battery, the resulting net power density is still 1 watt per square centimetre.
As the researchers were able to show in an experiment, the electrolyte liquids are actually able to cool a chip. They are even able to dissipate heat amounts many times over what the battery generates as electrical energy (which is converted into heat while the chip is in operation).
Channel system optimised with 3D printing
According to the scientists, the most serious challenge in constructing the new micro-flow batteries was to build them in such a way that they are supplied with electrolytes as efficiently as possible while at the same time keeping the pumping power as low as possible. "It was important to find the ideal compromise," says Marschewski.
The electrochemical reactions in the battery occur in two thin and porous electrode layers that are separated by a membrane. Marschewski and their colleagues used 3D-printing technology to build a polymer channel system to press the electrolyte liquid into the porous electrode layer as efficiently as possible. The most suitable of the various designs tested proved to be one made of wedge-shaped convergent channels.
Interesting for large systems, too
The scientists have now provided an initial proof-of-concept for the construction of a small flow battery. Although the power density of the new micro-flow battery is very high, the electricity produced is still not entirely sufficient to operate a computer chip. In order for the flow battery to be used in a chip stack, it must be further optimised by industry partners.
As the scientists point out, the new approach is also interesting for other applications: in lasers, for example, which have to be supplied with energy and cooled; or for solar cells, where the electricity produced could be stored directly in the battery cell and used later when needed. The system could also keep the operating temperature of the solar cell at the ideal level. In addition, large flow batteries could also be improved with the optimised approach of forcing the electrolyte liquids through the porous electrodes.
Source and top image: ETH Zurich
WARSAW — Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and their Latvian counterpart, Raimonds Vejonis, have announced the two countries will cooperate on joint acquisitions of weapons to promote the "development of joint military capacities."
Grybauskaite said that the discussed procurements include the planned purchase of an air defense system, and that Lithuania and Latvia aim to invite two other NATO allies, Poland and Estonia, to join their defense cooperation, as reported by local daily Verslo Zinios.
Vejonis said the four countries should work on joint weapon procurement to decrease costs and complement their military capabilities.
The project to set up a joint middle-range air defense system for the three Baltic states was first unveiled following a meeting by Lithuania's, Latvia's and Estonia's defence ministers May 28. The measure was designed as a result of "increased threats" against the three countries and Russia's military intervention in Ukraine, according to the ministers.
"Regional defense cooperation of the Baltic states is more critical than ever, our security assurance is our solidarity," Lithuanian Defence Minister Juozas Olekas said.
Lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely, I have nobody for my own. I'm so lonely, I'm Mr. Lonely. I have nobody for my own. I'm so lonely. Yo this one here goes out to all my players out there, man, ya know that got that one good girl who's always been there, man, like took all the bullshit then one day they can't take it any more and decide to leave. I woke up in the middle of the night and I noticed my girl wasn't by my side, coulda sworn I was dreaming, for them I was feenin, so I had to take a little ride, back tracking over these few years, tryna figure out what I do to make it go bad, 'Cause ever since my girl left me my whole life came crashing. I'm so lonely (so lonely), I'm Mr. Lonely (Mr. Lonely).All right! There's only one chapter to go and then Great Mazinger is finished. Yippee! Anyhow, I'll be starting on the next and final chapter right away as I want to get this done and out of the way. Then I'll jump back on Terra ForMars or do a Terra ForMars doujinshi depending. But, I just want to ask if any of you guys might want a Mazinger doujinshi translated or not after I finish Great Mazinger. However, you got to pay me bitches because I ain't doing it for free. That's how hentai goes for me unless I want it myself. Other than that, I ain't got anything else to say. See ya!
Image copyright Thinkstock
Concerns have been raised about changes to the way Freedom of information (FoI) requests are handled in Scotland.
All Scottish government FoI requests are now published online after complaints about late responses.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats say journalists have been put off making requests because rivals get the answers at the same time.
Ministers insist it shows Scotland has one of "the most open and transparent governments in the world".
The Freedom of Information (Scotland) Act gives everyone the right to ask for any information held by a Scottish public authority, with a response required within 20 working days.
Some information can be exempt but an organisation must explain the exemption which applies.
The Lib Dems claim the new system of open publication is "devaluing the information".
MSP Tavish Scott said ministers had "figured out they can evade scrutiny, deter the submission of requests and spike stories".
There has been a row over Scotland's freedom of information system after a group of journalists signed an open letter voicing concerns.
Image copyright Getty Images
In June, MSPs unanimously condemned the Scottish government's performance on FOI requests and called for an independent inquiry.
In response, the Scottish government announced it would publish all information released in response to FoI requests online from July.
Mr Scott said: "Ministers accepted a degree of criticism of their performance.
"However, the only measure they have really championed to address the fact they weren't responding properly to freedom of information requests, publicly publishing all material released under FoI, is fraught with dangers of its own.
"Just weeks into the new regime I am hearing from journalists that this is having a chilling effect on their work. We need quality investigative journalism to acquire the truth and get to the bottom of spin. These changes are designed to deter that.
"Immediately publishing information publicly removes the incentive for journalists to pursue stories as they fear that whatever they uncover will immediately be made available to all their competitors.
"This wheeze means the Scottish government can appear transparent while achieving the opposite."
'Crowning achievements'
Mr Scott called for an independent inquiry into how the Freedom of Information system operated.
They added: "There is a good argument that information released under FoI laws should be in the public domain. However, the best process for doing this should be considered as part of a wider independent inquiry.
"For example, a short delay between the provision of the information to the applicant and it being published could make the system fairer.
"Meanwhile, the original problem of industrial scale evasion and the failure to release information we have a right to remains. Just this week, my party had to again chase up information that was asked for 17 weeks ago."
The Scottish government said FoI legislation has been extended to extra public bodies and that access to national records has been reduced from 30 years to 15 as part of a drive to improve transparency.
A spokesperson for Parliamentary Business Minister Joe FitzPatrick said: "This is an extraordinary statement from Tavish Scott, who is suggesting that the Scottish government is now releasing too much information, implying that we should instead cut back on the amount of material we release.
"Under this government, freedom of information has been extended, and Scotland now has one of the most open and transparent information and governance systems, which has been praised internationally."
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles are pleased to announce the re-signing of international winger Jorge Taufua for the next two seasons.
The hard-running winger had been in fine form for the Sea Eagles in 2017 until suffering an ACL injury in the round 13 wins over Canberra Raiders at Lottoland. They had scored eight tries in 12 matches.
The new deal keeps the 25-year-old on the Northern Beaches until the end of the 2019 season.
“(Coach) Trent Barrett told me when the injury happened not to worry about my future as they would be looking to keep me, and to just focus on the rehab. It put my mind at ease a little bit,'' Taufua said.
“I'm very grateful for the faith and the support Trent and the Sea Eagles have shown in me. It was a massive relief when the deal was finalised. I love playing for Manly.”
Taufua has played 113 matches for the Sea Eagles since making their NRL and Club debut against the St George-Illawarra Dragons at WIN Jubilee Oval in round four of the 2012 season.
Manly Warringah Head of Football Bob Fulton was happy with the extension for Taufua.
“Jorge's extension is well deserved. They have been a trojan of this club since 2012 and is certainly part of Trent Barrett's plans moving forward,'' Fulton said.
Sea Eagles Chief Operating Officer Neil Bare said Taufua was highly regarded at the Club by their team-mates, Coaches, and administration staff.
“Jorge's professionalism in how they conduct himself, maturity, loyalty to our club who graded him, exceptional try scoring ability complemented with finals and grand final experiences, made their retention an important priority for the Sea Eagles,” Bare said.
This week our Hosts Terry and Marklar speak with Dr. Edwin Vieira, Jr. about alternative currencies, jury nullification, economics and other topics.
Flash Player
http://chromiumblur.podomatic.com/entry/2012-07-31T22_17_28-07_00
http://occupyamericasocialnetwork.com/
About Our Guest
" Edwin Vieira, Jr-., holds four degrees from Harvard: A.B. (Harvard College), A.M. and Ph.D. (Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences), and J.D. (Harvard Law School).
For more than thirty years they have practiced law, with emphasis on constitutional issues. In the Supreme Court of the United States they successfully argued or briefed the cases leading to the landmark decisions Abood v. Detroit Board of Education, Chicago Teachers Union v. Hudson, and Communications Workers of America v. Beck, which established constitutional and statutory limitations on the uses to which labor unions, in both the private and the public sectors, may apply fees extracted from nonunion workers as a condition of their employment.
They have written numerous monographs and articles in scholarly journals, and lectured throughout the county. Their most recent work on money and banking is the two-volume Pieces of Eight: The Monetary Powers and Disabilities of the United States Constitution (2002), the most comprehensive study in existence of American monetary law and history viewed from a constitutional perspective. www.piecesofeight.us
 They are also the co-author (under a nom de plume) of the political novel CRA$HMAKER: A Federal Affaire (2000), a not-so-fictional story of an engineered crash of the Federal Reserve System, and the political upheaval it causes. www.crashmaker.com
Their latest book is: "How To Dethrone the Imperial Judiciary" ... and Constitutional "Homeland Security," Volume One, The Nation in Arms..."
http://www.newswithviews.com/Vieira/edwin250.htm
It's one invention that is sure to set science fiction fans all agog: a paper-thin computer that can be rolled up and stuffed in a pocket.
Researchers at the Queen's University University Human Media Lab in Ontario, Canada, have developed a prototype computer with a flexible, touch-screen display that is completely bendable.
However, in a confusing twist, or perhaps an acknowledgment that smartphones are basically portable mini-computers, the university released a statement announcing the achievement -- and interchangeably used the terms "computer" and "smartphone" to describe it.
"This computer looks, feels and operates like a small sheet of interactive paper," declared creator Roel Vertegaal, director of the lab. "You interact with it by bending it into a cellphone, flipping the corner to turn pages or writing on it with a pen."
Later, Vertegaal said the invention is a "smartphone prototype, called paperphone" that is "best described as a flexible iPhone."
Whatever the technology is called, the researchers said it could be used in tablets, phones and other devices that will "shape with your pocket."
After racking my (sci-fi super-fan) brain, the only example I could remember of paper computers used in science fiction was on the short-lived TV series "Caprica" (a spin-off of the hit "Battlestar Galactica") on the Syfy channel. I'm assuming the characters in "Caprica" used their ultra-bendable computers to do normal tasks -- like typing -- but most treated them like portals into cool and morally loose virtual worlds.
RELATED:
Shift gears on Toyota's bike with your mind
Maps track Twitter, Flickr users around the world
Lost? May Yoda and Darth Vader guide you
--Shan Li
Video: Demonstration of the paper computer. Credit: Queen's University University Human Media Lab
Photo: Computer sheet from the science fiction show "Caprica." Credit: Syfy
Ion channels play a crucial role in the workings of all living cells. The channels are proteins embedded in the cell membrane that act like pores, allowing certain kinds of molecules and ions to pass through while blocking others.
Consequently, they play an important role in many biological processes in which rapid changes occur in cells, such as cardiac function, T-cell activation and pancreatic beta cell insulin release.
It's hardly surprising, then, that much work has been devoted to working out how ion channels function. One technique is to stuff a cell into the tip of a syringe containing the ion under investigation. Apply a voltage to the cell and the current is a measure of the flow of ions across the cell membrane. Another technique is to measure the flow of ions across a synthetic cell membrane known as a black lipid layer.
Both of these techniques have yielded interesting insights but ask a cell biologist how accurate they are, and they or they will shuffle their feet and stare at the ground.
Now a new technique promises to put all others in the shade, say Leonard Hall at the University of Melbourne in Australia and a few mates. The idea is based on how fast electron spins decohere in a nitrogen atom inside a nanodiamond. In recent years, physicists have become hugely excited about these so-called nitrogen vacancies because they are easily controlled using microwaves or light. They are also isolated from their environment by the carbon matrix.
Hall and co's idea is to place the nanodiamand on the tip of an atomic force microscope and move it to within a hair's breadth of an ion channel in a cell membrane. The electron spins in the nitrogen vacancy are then set in a particular state by zapping them with a sequence of microwave pulses.
When the channel opens, the flow of ions through it generates a tiny magnetic field which interacts with the electrons spin, causing them to decohere. This can be easily monitored by looking for the fluorescence produced by the nitrogen vacancy.
The technique should be able to measures the flow of ions through the channel with microsecond resolution, says the group. That kind of accuracy is unprecedented. And the beauty of it is that nanodiamond doesn't touch or interfere with the channel which can operate in its (more or less) natural environment.
Cell biologists ought to be turning backflips over this but it is the drugs companies that really stand to benefit. A large proportion of drugs target ion channels, so knowing exactly what effect they have should be an important part of the drug discovery process. The new technique could make that possible.
For the moment, the work is at a theoretical stage, investigating the feasibility of the idea. But Hall and mates say it looks possible with current technology. That means it ought to be only a matter of months before we see the first results.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/0911.4539: Monitoring Ion Channel Function In Real Time Through Quantum Decoherence
What if Lesley Stahl had stopped Donald Trump right in their tracks?
What if they had simply dug in their heels and refused to budge when Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, insisted — once again, this time on “60 Minutes” on Sunday evening — that they had opposed the war in Iraq from the beginning?
Because that claim, which Trump has made a cornerstone of their campaign, is “blatantly false,” according to The Washington Post's Fact-Checker and many other similar efforts. Politifact, the Pulitzer Prize-winning fact-checking operation, also called it false. And BuzzFeed dug up a 2002 interview in which Trump said they supported the invasion.
As the Fact Checker's Michelle Ye Hee Lee wrote earlier this year in a piece on eight falsehoods Trump repeated in a 16-hour period:
“Trump did not oppose the Iraq War before 2004, as we and countless other media outlets have found. We compiled a complete timeline of all their public statements in 2002 and 2003 relating to the Iraq invasion and found no evidence to support this. . . . We checked with a dozen former Bush White House officials, and none could recall a meeting with Trump, concerns about their opposition, or even Trump's views being on their radar prior to 2004. We awarded this claim Four Pinocchios.”
But Stahl — busy trying to herd the other rhetorical cats set loose in the interview — did not say what they should have, something like this: “No, Mr. Trump, that is simply false, and I'm not going to let that go unchallenged.”
Instead, they let the man who could be president get away with it, basically affirming their falsehood by twice saying, “Yeah,” as they stated it.
Then, Stahl ended that segment of the interview (which had to do with their vice-presidential pick, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who both voted for the invasion) with these agreeable words: “Got it.”
DONALD TRUMP: But I was against the war in Iraq from the beginning.
LESLEY STAHL: Yeah, but you've used that vote of Hillary's that was the same as Governor Pence . . . as the example of their bad judgment.
TRUMP: Many people have, and frankly, I'm one of the few that was right on Iraq.
STAHL: Yeah, but what about they —?
TRUMP: He's entitled to make a mistake every once in a (laugh) while.
STAHL: But she's not? Okay, come on —
TRUMP: But she's not —
STAHL: She's not?
TRUMP: No. She's not.
STAHL: Got it.
I've asked “60 Minutes” for comment on why Stahl did not challenge Trump's obvious falsehood and in fact seemed to agree with it. But here's my take: Trump says whatever comes into their head that serves them best in the moment. He's amazingly skilled at it.
But, slippery as they are, this is too important to let slide. As journalists continue reporting on the Great Dissembler, they need to be just as skilled and persistent at what they do. They should not let Trump, or any candidate, get away with lying to citizens.
For more by Margaret Sullivan visit wapo.st/sullivan
HAMHUNG, North Korea (AP) — In the 10 years they have been digging up ordnance from the Korean War, Maj. Jong Il Hyon has lost five colleagues to explosions. They carry a lighter one gave them before they died. They also bear a scar on their left cheek from a bomb disposal mission gone wrong.
Sixty-four years after it ended, the war is still giving up thousands of bombs, mortars and pieces of live ammunition. Virtually all of it is American, but Jong noted that more than a dozen other countries fought on the U.S. side, and every now and then their bombs will turn up as well.
WATCH: U.S. lawmakers reach deal on sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea
“The experts say it will take 100 years to clean up all of the unexploded ordnance, but I think it will take much longer,” Jong said in an interview with The Associated Press at a construction site on the outskirts of Hamhung, North Korea's second-largest city, where workers unearthed a rusted but still potentially deadly mortar round in February. Last October, 370 more were found in a nearby elementary school playground.
According to Jong, their bomb squad is one of nine in North Korea, one for each province. Their unit alone handled 2,900 leftover explosives — including bombs, mortars and live artillery shells — last year. They said this year they have already disposed of about 1,200.
Fortunately, there have been only a few injuries in the past few years. But Jong said an 11-year-old boy who found a bomb in May lost several fingers when it went off while they were playing with it.
READ MORE: U.S. to ban Americans from travelling to North Korea
North Korea is just one of many countries still dealing with the explosive legacy of major wars. In Asia alone, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos and even Japan have huge amounts of unexploded ordnance left to clean up.
The three-year Korean War, which ended in what was supposed to be a temporary armistice on July 27, 1953, was one of the most brutal ever fought.
Virtually all of the 22 major cities in North Korea were severely damaged and hundreds of thousands of civilians killed by U.S. saturation bombing. The tonnage of bombs dropped on the North was about the same as the total dropped by the U.S. against Japan during World War II. North Korea is probably second only to Cambodia as the most heavily bombed country in history.
By 1952, the bombing was so complete that the U.S. Air Force had effectively run out of worthwhile targets.
READ MORE: In 2016, North Korea's economy grew at its fastest pace in 17 years
North Koreans claim 400,000 bombs were dropped on Pyongyang alone, roughly one bomb for every resident at the time, and that only two modern buildings in the capital were left standing. All told, the U.S. dropped 635,000 tons of bombs on Korea during the war, most of it in the North, including with 32,500 tons of napalm.
Twelve to 15 percent of the North's population was killed in the war.
Charles Armstrong, a historian at Columbia University, said the expansion of saturation bombing in North Korea marked something of a turning point for the United States and was followed by the use of an even heavier version during the Vietnam War.
“To this day, the North Korean government and media point to the American bombing as a war crime and a major justification for the continued mobilization of the North Korean people — as well as the development of nuclear weapons — in defense against future attacks,” they said.
WATCH: Report details public executions for petty theft in North Korea
Armstrong noted that the Hamhung area and the nearby port of Hungnam were hit particularly hard by U.S. bombers because they were an industrial center and home to the largest nitrogen fertilizer plant in Asia.
Nitrogen fertilizer can be used to make explosives, so the U.S. Air Force obliterated the area in late December 1950. Later rebuilt, the fertilizer plant is still functioning today and remains one of Hamhung's most famous landmarks.
The bomb squads respond to calls when ordnance is discovered, check construction sites before excavation work begins and educate people, especially school children, about the dangers. Jong's squad, which covers South Hamgyong province, has nine members. The largest, in Kangwon along the South Korean border, has 15.
One bomb was uncovered in March by farmers digging an irrigation canal near a railway that runs through Hamhung from Pyongyang to the northeastern port of Chongjin.
READ MORE: South Korea offers military talks with North amid rising tensions
“This railway was here during the war, so it was a target,” said Yom Hak Chol, manager of the 4th work team of the Pohang cooperative farm. They were working in the field when the bomb was found and watched the bomb squad remove it.
“We had to evacuate the area. The bomb squad blew it up over there,” they said, pointing to a narrow canal area where cows stood grazing between sprawling corn fields. “It left a hole 3 meters (10 feet) deep.”
Some bombs are not easily recognizable to the untrained eye. Jong said they have come across a surprising variety of bombs and explained in detail one in particular — a “butterfly bomb” that used wing-like attachments to disperse small “bomblets” over a wider area. The bomb was originally devised by the Nazis during World War II. The U.S. revised its design and used them in North Korea.
Jong said many aging bombs have become even more dangerous as rust erodes their detonators, and that some could go off with the slightest movement.
“I'm sure that my daughter's generation will also suffer from this problem,” they said. “I want the world to know that.”
The rare access to Jong and the two sites on the outskirts of Hamhung was granted after repeated requests from the AP.
North Korea's state media have also reported on the issue as part of a monthlong anti-U.S. propaganda campaign conducted in the run up to the anniversary of the end of the war.
The U.S. sent two B-1 strategic bombers on a training mission in the skies near the Demilitarized Zone after North Korea's July 4 test of its first intercontinental ballistic missile. Such demonstrations of power are especially sensitive considering the historical legacy of the Korean War.
If you're planning on overthrowing the government and installing your own, perhaps consider a spelling lesson first.
A Facebook comment calling for a "kudatah" against Rachel Notley's NDP government has sparked hilarious online responses, after someone mangled the phrase "coup d'état."
Click for full size.
The comment, which was originally posted Nov. 30, 2015, was made in response to a post by Global News Edmonton about an Alberta legislature rally over the government's farm safety bill.
It made its way to Reddit, where it was posted under the headline "Geniuses plot 'kudatah' in Alberta."
#kudatah - It's "coup d'état" (from French) and it means overthrowing a government. pic.twitter.com/RiyLLmIQIt — Paul Tomaszewski ن (@PaulTomBlog) January 12, 2016
The post, predictably, was immediately met with mockery — spawning a Twitter hashtag and satirical Facebook event for those looking to attend the "kudatah."
The #kudatah may have to be postponed. The injuries were sustained today at the team's door kicking practice. pic.twitter.com/MURZt1YQKn — Jamie Post (@Jamie_Post) January 12, 2016
Some legislatures put in metal detectors for security. Apparently we just need an IQ test #kudatah #howmanyfingers — Paul Doherty (@pgalberta) January 12, 2016
Seriously, though, think of the poor person who posted this. We bet they wish they had used a nomdaploome.
All you #ableg eggheads think you're clever mocking AB spelling. You won't be laughing when the #kudatah is a Feta Kamplee! — Keith Silva (@keithjs) January 12, 2016
Maybe we should stop ridiculing the #kudatah folks. It's not nice to take please in others' misery. Shoddenfrewd is not very becoming. — Jay Gamble (@DrJayDrNo) January 13, 2016
I hate to admit it, but #kudatah does have a certain genehsaykwah. — Robin (@diesellibrarian) January 13, 2016
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Also on HuffPost:
Transfer Focus: Everton prepared to pay £17million for Croatian Goalkeeper
According to reports in their homeland, Croatian star Lovre Kalanic is attracting significant interest from Everton, who are expected to be on the prowl for a new first team goalkeeper this summer.
What's the Word?
Sportske Novosti are claiming that Everton are prepared to offer €20million (£17.4million) for the Gent goalkeeper.
No more than 18 months ago, Aston Villa were reported to be interested in signing the giant Croatian, who was plying their trade with Hajduk Split at the time. However, this failed to transpire and the 6ft7” international moved to Belgium in January of this year.
Now, with Everton seemingly searching the market for a new number one, Kalinic is reportedly on their radar and would undoubtedly be interested in a move to the Premier League.
How good has Kalinic been this season?
In short – fantastic. In just four months at Gent, the 27-year-old made an incredible impression and helped the team to reach the Pro League play-offs. Their contribution for just one half of the season saw them voted the Gent player of the year by fans.
The Croatian conceded less than one goal per game domestically and was a truly dominant ‘keeper, especially when it came to set pieces and crosses.
Would Kalinic be a good signing for Everton?
While Kalinic, who holds eight caps for Croatia, may not be the marquee signing that Evertonians hoped their new goalkeeper would be, the imposing stopper is experienced at both international and European level and still has their prime years ahead of him.
However, the Premier League is an unforgiving competition and there would undoubtedly be questions as to whether Kalinic is up to the exceptionally high standards of England's top flight.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — .M. GETS $11 MILLION FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS:
In a state with big road construction and repair needs that had to have not one but two legislative sessions this year to appropriate funding, additional new money is a welcome thing.
A news release from the New Mexico Department of Transportation explains 27 federally funded projects “include sidewalks, bicycle paths and transit stops, which provide benefits such as reduced congestion and improved air quality.”
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
The projects include:
• Bernalillo County, Alameda Drain Trail, $750,000
• Village of Bosque Farms, South Bosque Loop Ditch Crossing, $111,072
• Village of Corrales, Meadowlark Lane Pedestrian and Bicycle Trail, $456,057
• Village of Cuba, St. Francis Park Trail, $187,540
• Deming, Cedar Street Sidewalk Enhancements, $550,455
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
• Eunice, Main Street Phase 5, $337,488
• Farmington, Red Apple Transit Bus Route Accessibility, $69,700
• Gila National Forest, North Zone Trail Maintenance, $98,175
• Laguna Pueblo, 124 Road Diet, $711,449
• N.M. 124 Trails from Casa Blanca Road to Encinal Road, $828,467
• Las Cruces Public Schools, Safe Routes to School Program Coordinator, $71,770
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
• Los Alamos County, Canyon Rim Trail Pedestrian Bridge, $677,190
• Lovington, Central Plaza Phase 2, $393,024
• Lovington Multiuse Trail, $467,670
• North Central Regional Transit District, ADA Transition Plan Phase 3, $307,584
• Raton, Round House Park Trail Maintenance, $42,720
• San Juan County, Kirtland Schools Walk Path System, $854,400
• Santa Fe, Downtown Transit Center and Sheridan Avenue Improvements, $2 million
• Santa Fe National Forest, Vista Grande Overlook Reconstruction, $85,440
• Pecos Wilderness Trail Maintenance, $177,066
• “Forest Your Health” Signage and Trailhead Improvements, $29,085
• Santo Domingo Pueblo, Santo Domingo Pedestrian Trail through Box Culvert, $69,206
• Santo Domingo Multi-Use Trail Segment 2, $931,296
• Silver City, Signage and Educational Materials, $45,000
• Socorro, Socorro Bicycle and Trail Plan, $46,945
• Sunland Park, Racetrack Drive Sidewalk Installation, $222,003
• Tularosa, Granado Street Pedestrian Improvements, $492,467
CLEANUP ON AISLES ACADEMY, EUBANK? A. Lucero emails there's a need to keep “the weeds routinely cleaned up in the landscaped medians along Academy and along Eubank, from Paseo south to Montgomery.”
“The city has expended a great deal of money landscaping medians throughout town,” A. Lucero's email says, “so it is very disheartening to see these once nicely manicured medians full of unsightly weeds.”
While some of those medians are under county or developer jurisdiction, Billy Gallegos, the Clean City superintendent, says “the CCD is currently working on two- to three-week rotations on all developed medians. We will observe the area in question and address any issue pertaining to the medians.”
AND A BROKEN SPRINKLER BOX: A. Lucero continues that for more than the month of June, “we have observed green flags marking a broken sprinkler access box along the eastbound lane on Academy, east of Academy Ridge Rd./west of Lowell. Half of the cover is broken off and it was obviously flagged for repair but has been long forgotten.”
Apparently not forgotten, just on that rotation list.
Gallegos said late last month that CCD was “working on the location and should be completed within two to three days.”
CAN'T WE BRIDGE THAT GAP MORE SMOOTHLY? That from Liz Mazzola of Cedar Crest, who emails, “Driving across New Mexico, one can't help but notice that the transitions from road to bridges is really off. On Interstate 40 through Tijeras Canyon the bridges throw a car into space. We call it Barney Bridge Bump. Trucks lose ladders and even a passenger car lifts off. Is this some miscalculation? Don't notice the transitions so much in Arizona.”
Melissa Dosher, spokesperson for the New Mexico Department of Transportation, says, “The district will have the bridge engineer review the Tijeras Canyon area to assess what repairs might be needed. For recently built and newer projects, the department is using materials and design methods that improve the transition between the stiff bridge deck and the more flexible pavements in the roadway.”
Assistant editorial page editor D'Val Westphal tackles commuter issues for the Metro area on Mondays. Reach them at 823-3858; road@abqjournal.com; or P.O. Drawer J, Albuquerque, NM 87103.
One of the brightest young minds in college football could soon land at Notre Dame.
Irish247 is expecting it to happen after talking to multiple sources Wednesday.
Irish247 has learned that Boise State offensive coordinator/quarterbacks coach Mike Sanford Jr. is the top target for Irish head coach Brian Kelly to join the staff in South Bend and it sounds like it will happen.
Sanford is the type of candidate that could ultimately be a successor to Kelly down the road. Besides Notre Dame, he's interviewed recently at several schools including Ohio State, Oregon State and Vanderbilt.
Under Sanford's direction during their first season at their alma mater this past fall, Boise State ranked 14th nationally in yards per game and ninth in scoring as the Broncos finished 12-2 including a win over Arizona in the Fiesta Bowl.
Prior to Boise State, Sanford spent three seasons at Stanford as a running backs coach (2011-12) and quarterbacks coach and receivers coach (2013), along with being the recruiting coordinator their final two years in Palo Alto.
Sanford was part of Stanford's Pac-12 Championships in both 2012 and 2013. They coached in two Rose Bowls and a Fiesta Bowl as part of the staff. The Cardinal ranked 18th-nationally in rushing in 2011 (210.6), a major reason Stanford finished the season ranked seventh-nationally in scoring (43.2) and eighth-nationally in total offense (489.3).
Sanford's father Mike is the head coach at Indiana State and a former assistant at several schools including Notre Dame, so there is a connection between the younger Sanford and the Irish.
The thing about Canadian art is that Canadians have largely kept it to themselves — so says British art historian Ian Dejardin.
But there's definite potential for worldwide appreciation of Canadian art, and tonight could mark one instance where the cat's out of the bag.
The commanding large-scale canvas Mountain Forms by iconic artist and Group of Seven founder Lawren Harris — a vibrant Rockies scene from their coveted 1920s creative period — hits the block with Heffel Fine Art Auction House in Toronto. The work depicts Mount Ishbel, which is in Alberta's Sawback Range in Banff National Park, east of Johnston Canyon.
Tapped with a conservative presale estimate of $3 million to $5 million, the painting is expected to sell for more.
If it crosses the upper threshold of the estimate, it would likely become the most expensive Canadian artwork ever sold at auction, knocking off longtime record-holder Paul Kane's Scene in the Northwest. Harris works already take up three spots among the top five most valuable Canadian artworks ever sold at auction.
'It's about time you could see a Lawren Harris at the Tate or the National Gallery in London,' says Dulwich Picture Gallery director Ian Dejardin, who takes over as head of the McMichael Canadian Art Collection in April. (CBC)
The audience for Canadian art is out there, says Dejardin, pointing to their own experience at London's Dulwich Picture Gallery, mounting critically acclaimed exhibitions on Tom Thomson and the Group of Seven as well as Emily Carr — shows that introduced Canadians to many new admirers, inspired lengthy queues, drew raves from attendees and also moved on to other European galleries.
Lawren Harris is such a powerful and attractive artist.  They are someone who is ripe for appreciation abroad. - Ian Dejardin
"People still talk about the 'Lawren Harris chapel,'" recalls the Dulwich director, describing how one gallery space was transformed into an introspective chamber of dark blue walls bearing Harris' Arctic landscapes and icebergs during the Painting Canada show in 2011.
A more recent example of how Canadians are seeping into the international art consciousness? A Carr piece turned up alongside iconic artist Marcel Duchamp's artwork in an issue of the Tate gallery's influential art magazine.
"That's an extraordinary thing to see. And no one would have thought of that before we had that exhibition here," Dejardin says, referencing the 2014 Dulwich exhibit From the Forest to the Sea: Emily Carr in British Columbia.
Harris, recently celebrated in the high-profile Steve Martin-curated solo exhibition in the U.S. and Canada, "is such a powerful and attractive artist.  They are someone who is ripe for appreciation abroad, particularly in the States, where they have the comparison with someone like Georgia O'Keeffe" — an "international superstar" whose work recently packed crowds into the Tate Modern, according to Dejardin.
"Lawren Harris deserves to be seen in the same breath, I think, as that," they say, adding: "Tom Thomson could be the next global, van Gogh-like superstar if Canada puts its weight behind him."
Some of Canada's most iconic artists, like Harris, left, Emily Carr and Tom Thomson, are ripe for for greater appreciation abroad, says Ian Dejardin. 'Tom Thomson could be the next global, van Gogh-like superstar if Canada puts its weight behind him.' (Canadian Press)
Though auctions are "notoriously difficult to call" and the global art marketplace "a curious planet to live on," Dejardin, slated to take over as the new executive director of the McMichael Canadian Art Collection in April, feels more international awareness of and interest in buying Canadian art would be a healthy development.
"The day when people start bidding internationally for Canadian art will be a good day, I think, generally for the appreciation of Canadian art in the world. It deserves it," they say.
"It's about time you could see a Lawren Harris at the Tate or the National Gallery in London. They buy Scandinavian art, for instance — why not Canadian?"
The situation in south Lebanon was calm, but with a touch of nervousness in the air the morning of Jan. 28, when six missiles broke the silence. Everyone had been waiting for this moment to arrive. Ten days of waiting had come to an end for Israel, as Hezbollah exacted revenge for the Jan. 18 missile strike near Quneitra, in the Golan Heights, in which commanders and an Iranian general were killed.
Thus, south Lebanon became a war zone, the whole area shaking as shells rained down on the valleys and the surrounding mountains. It was a one-sided war, as Hezbollah had already completed its mission: a strike on two Israeli military vehicles, killing at least two soldiers and wounding seven. People on both sides of the Israel-Lebanon border are left wondering where events were headed.
A shell fired by Israel hit a UN base at al-Abbasieh, a mere kilometer from the border with Israel, killing a Spanish soldier. The Spanish contingent in the area evacuated their base for a few hours. Lebanese soldiers prevented Al-Monitor from getting very close, but the damage caused by the Israeli bombardment was visible.
A Lebanese officer told Al-Monitor that the situation was serious, saying, “We are observing it and will see how things are going to develop, but at this moment it is not easy to predict if there'll be an escalation.” They added, “We believe both parties have no interest in taking things further.”
The UN peacekeeping force and the Lebanese army were more observers than players, as has been the case in the area for years. They have no power or authority to impose on the warring parties. The most they can do is count the shells falling on either side of the border and violations of the Blue Line and follow them up with expressions of concern.
Hezbollah selected Shebaa Farms, an area regarded by the Lebanese government as occupied, as the location to respond to Israel's earlier attack. This meant the exchange of fire could be kept within a conflict zone. In addition, the group chose a target similar to the one struck in the Israelis' original assault, which hit a military convoy.
It was clear that the Shiite group had decided to throw the ball back into the Israeli court. From the Islamists' perspective, the attack was needed to restore the deterrence power Hezbollah has maintained since its war with Israel in 2006. Hezbollah, which holds itself up as a popular movement, has for years prized this achievement and cannot at any price tolerate its falling by the wayside. The group's popularity and acceptance had already taken a hit in the Arab world because of its involvement in the Syrian crisis.
No Hezbollah fighters were seen in the area of the attack. It was as if they were invisible, even though they had to be somewhere in the vicinity, watching the situation unfold. It is the group's habit of being there-but-not-there, somehow materializing for operations and then vaporizing. Only the banners bearing the images and words of their leaders and martyrs reveal their existence.
As the day came to an end, tensions began to ease. It became obvious that a war would not erupt. Hezbollah's supporters decided it was therefore time to celebrate, approaching the Fatima gate on the border, chanting pro-Hezbollah slogans and waving flags.
Hezbollah supporter Mohammed told Al-Monitor that this was a day of victory, saying, “We know that when the resistance promises, they own up to their promises. Today's operation sent a message to all the enemies that Hezbollah is able to fight in Syria and still keep us safe here.” They added that Hezbollah Secretary-General “Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah is going to talk on Friday, and we know he's going to say some big things that'll make us happy and the enemies afraid.”
Another man, Ali, standing to the side and looking on blankly, said, “They are happy, and I understand them, but I'm concerned. I don't think we need a new war here. It's true the resistance has the weapons to fight, but this is not enough.”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
NATO allies were so appalled after Trump winged their remarks at a behind closed doors dinner that sources described the event as a “total sh*tshow.”
Trump decided to ditch both versions of their prepared remarks and wing it.
Foreign Policy reported on what happened next:
During the dinner, Trump went off-script to criticize allies again for not spending enough on defense. (The United States is one of only five members that meets NATO members' pledge to spend 2 percent of GDP on defense.)
Several sources briefed extensively on the dinner say they said 2 percent wasn't enough and allies should spend 3 percent of GDP on defense, and they even threatened to cut back U.S. defense spending and have Europeans dole out “back pay” to make up for their low defense spending if they didn't pony up quickly enough. Two sources say Trump didn't mention Russia once during the dinner.
“Oh, it was like a total shitshow,” said one source, who spoke on condition of anonymity as they weren't authorized to discuss the closed-door dinner.
“The dinner was far worse than the speech,” said a former senior U.S. government official briefed on dinner. “It was a train wreck. It was awful.”
If the NATO allies thought dinner with Trump was bad, imagine having them in charge of your country. Trump, once again, didn't listen to any of their advisers, and the result was a damaged relationship with US allies.
Donald Trump's first foreign trip was worse than what the world saw in public. The President is damaging the collective security of the NATO alliance, just like Putin wanted.
Trump should not be president, and every second that occupies the Oval Office does more damage to the United States of America.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Rae Sremmurd, Run The Jewels, Nyck @ Knight, The Underachievers and more are proving the timelessness of the rap duo.
We need more hip-hop duos.
Besides the sheer ear candy that is produced when two skilled emcees trade bars on a track, a duo is an organic breeding ground for talent. Think OutKast, Black Star, Mobb Deep and UGK. Think The Perceptionists, the twosome comprising Mr. Lif and Akrobatik, who recently released their first project together in 12 years (which sounds as fresh as ever).
How does that happen?
Simple: being a part of a duo forces both artists to be at their very best. Fans are constantly sizing up one rapper against another, to the point where if you don't bring your best to the mic, the song will go down in infamy.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Being in a duo also captures the camaraderie that hip-hop fosters. When the chemistry and community on a track are so potent they become tangible. Taking a look at notable modern duos Rae Sremmurd, Nyck @ Knight, The Underachievers, and finally, Run The Jewels, let's examine exactly how and why each duo works so well.
Rae Sremmurd
Having a good time is infectious, which explains why Rae Sremmurd is arguably the biggest duo in hip-hop at the moment. You don't need me to list all of their hits, you know them.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Made up of Swae Lee and Slim Jxmmi, Rae Sremmurd has an undeniable edge in the chemistry department because they're also brothers. The reason a single like “Swang” works so well is that it combines the glimmer of Swae's high notes with the grimey delivery Slim Jxmmi brings to their verse. Two cadences perfectly complement each other side by side, and because the brothers genuinely have a good time together, the novelty is never lost.
On their 2015 hit, “No Type,” the brothers focus less on capitalizing off juxtapositions and more on building their own waves. Slim's delivery has less of a snarl than it does on “Swang,” because he's looping and enhancing the vibe Swae cooks up over the hook.
Two rappers mean two sets of perceptive ears, which means double the capability to read the room and give fans exactly what they're looking for: an endless ricochet of catchy hooks and high-energy live shows.
Nyck @ Knight
On the other side of the coin, we have a duo like Nyck Caution and Kirk Knight, aka Nyck @ Knight. Brothers in a different sense, their most recent self-titled effort is also their first collaboration for a full-length project.
Nyck and Kirk are a special case because they're known more for their solo work within the Pro Era collective. That said, their joint album is unequivocally their best work to date. While it would be easy to argue that their individual growth is due, in part, to the passing of time, I'd argue that the idea of reaching one's potential isn't linear. Instead, this project is their best work because they made it together.
Their longstanding friendship—which dates back to their high school days in Brooklyn—sets each emcee up to be a formidable critic of the other. As a result, there are no wasted bars or beats—a fair criticism levied to both of their solo efforts. After so many years working together, Kirk can pick out a beat that emphasizes Nyck's strengths, while Nyck's formidable pen forces Kirk to shine on their own as a rapper.
Unlike Rae Sremmurd, Nyck @ Knight's sonic appeal is based less on moods and more in technics. While the entire album is endearing and rowdy, one track, in particular, crystallizes Nyck and Kirk's mission statement; the raging “All Night,” where Kirk and Nyck go bar for bar, gripping your ear the same way Swae's sticky hooks do.
While their voices also build a spiraling dichotomy, and in the process capture a raucous energy, it's their burgeoning ease on the mic that is their greatest strength. As listeners jog from bar to bar on the track's second verse, the cut gets lighter and lighter until we're drifting high above the beat. That lightheaded sensation translates into supreme replayability.
The Underachievers
Existing between Nyck @ Knight and Rae Sremmurd are The Underachievers, who are equal parts boom-bap revivalism (“In My Zone”) and gummy trap tunes (“Crescendo”). On their latest LP, Renaissance, the pair learned how to best synthesize their styles.
Where The Underachievers excel is in their ability to build momentum on a track. Their chemistry lends itself to crescendos of potent images and a maelstrom of lyrics. AK and Solace sound like dusk and dawn merging into one overcoming light show. They've got the complimentary cadences that make Rae Sremmurd such a hit, which, when coupled with their infallible songwriting skills, produces a record like “Gotham Nights.”
They're good and they know it. Alluding to other rap duos like Mobb Deep, The Underachievers' confidence makes them irresistible in the same way you can't help but feel on top of the world when Rae Sremmurd drop a flex. Their braggadocious bars aren't off-putting because they're in a duo; when AK or Solace make it clear that they're beast emcees, the other member immediately co-signs the statement.
Listening to the two synergize proves right on the track that they're at the top of their games, making their egos attractive and well earned.
Run The Jewels
No duo encapsulates chemistry, catchiness, an effortless delivery and lyrical skill more than Run The Jewels. Of course, they also have longevity on their side.
Given the OG status of Killer Mike and El-P, who respectively hail from Atlanta and New York, it's no surprise that all three volumes of Run The Jewels 3 are treated as the blueprint for the modern rendition of a perfect duo project.
Passing tight verses back and forth and hyping each other up to the nines on a record like “Talk To Me” embodies everything a good duo needs to survive. They bring the earned confidence The Underachievers work with, their production is as enigmatic and unforgettable as a Rae Sremmurd hook, and their rap styles complement each other in much the same way Nyck and Kirk were always meant to rap together.
Take a record like “Legend Has It,” where the two pass images back and forth, and bring the swells of the track up to a controlled boil. Keyword: controlled. Their timing is immaculate, breaking the curse of waiting for the other guy when listening to a posse cut.
RTJ works so well because of how much insight they have into their own music and of each other. Combining their years of hip-hop know-how, Mike and El are always on the money topically, while their humor is never egregious or wasted. They stack punchlines up through the roof, but because they're a duo, there's never a moment where you find yourself wondering if the joke's gotten old or could've been cut. On the contrary, you feel like you're in on the whole shtick, making the listening experience that much more inviting.
Duos are so powerful because they lend themselves to no-frills projects. You're far less likely to find filler tracks when there are at least two sets of critical—and competitive—eyes and ears on the project at all times. Aside from built-in quality control, true chemistry between two artists can be palpable. When two artists work so well together, listening to them perform feels like chopping it up with your own best friends.
Even if we'll never get another OutKast or Black Star, the duo remains a timeless and necessary element in rap.
We need more hip-hop duos.
Moms are thanked for hugs, while dads are thanked for being role models. But the family roles of mother and father have long since converged
Getty Images
It's the time of year when we celebrate mothers and — about a month later — fathers. But the way we view each holiday reveals a lot about the growing gap between cultural gender stereotypes and the reality of most families' day-to-day lives.
How do we celebrate Mother's Day? Well, it's Mom's day off. This is the day they do no cooking, no cleaning and, of course, no childcare.  They are brought breakfast in bed and taken out to a restaurant. Cards abound that show women soaking in bubble baths, sipping wine, reading books with their feet up. Mother's Day is the one day they don't have to be a mother, a job for which they are on duty the other 364 days.
The other half of this image is the hapless father, trying to take their place for that one day. You know — breakfast in bed is served, but the mother is already imagining the disaster in the kitchen, with pancake batter all over the floor and dishes mounted in the sink. Dad is clueless, and dresses the kids in striped shirts and plaid shorts. (To take just one example: “For my Wife, on Mother's Day. You just relax. I'll take care of everything,” one card reads. The cover shows a guy in sports jersey holding out a flower. Open it up and it says, “By the way, where is everything? Happy Mother's Day!”)
Father's Day, by contrast, is thought of as the day that Dad does spend with their children. It's a day for a family barbecue, or to take Dad fishing or on some other activity they enjoy. Dad doesn't need a break from all the caretaking they do all year — rather this is a day to engage them in family life.
(MORE: Smother Mother: Why Intensive Child-Rearing Hurts Parents and Kids)
Other messages in Mother's Day and Father's Day cards also reinforce sex stereotypes. Moms are thanked for the hugs, for drying the tears, for “always being there.” Dads, though, tend to be thanked as role models and individuals to look up to. A typical Hallmark Father's Day card reads, “Integrity. Respect. Honor. I learned these things from you.”
Of course, there is not a thing wrong with children saying thank you for all those cuddles and comfort, or for expressing gratitude for models of strength and responsibility. These are all lovely sentiments. The question is: why in 2013, are we still dividing all these traits by gender? It's insulting to both women and men and it has less and less to do with contemporary American families. Dads can be nurturers. Moms can be role models. Many, of course, already are.
A recent Pew study noted that the family roles of mothers and fathers are increasingly converging. Dads are doing more housework and childcare; moms more paid work outside the home. In fact, today nearly equal shares of working mothers and fathers report feeling stressed about balancing work and family life.
(MORE: The Mythical Choice of the Stay-At-Home Mom)
And that's just heterosexual married couples. Single parents assume multiple roles that blur “traditional” realms. Studies that look at gay parents question the presumption that mothers and fathers bring separate gender-based skills to parenting (like mothers excel in nurturing and caretaking, while fathers bring discipline and rough housing into the mix).
I am not against Mother's Day. My kids are now grown, but I still cherish those sweet, homemade, crayon-scrawled “You are the BEST Mommy in the WORLD!” cards. But it would be nice to celebrate mothers and fathers in a way that truly honors everything they each can — and do — bring to the family.
MORE: Is It Really the ‘End of Men'?
More than 2,200 visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park joined Superintendent Cassius Cash (front row, second from right) in completing the Smokies Centennial Hike 100 challenge by hiking at least 100 miles of trails in the park as the National Park Service celebrated its centennial in 2016. (Photo: Courtesy of National Park Service)
The Great Smoky Mountains National Park set a visitation record with more than 11 million visitors in 2016, officials announced Thursday.
A total of 11,312,785 people visited the national park during the National Park Service Centennial, representing a 5.6 percent increase over 2015, according to a park service news release.
Additionally, more than 2,200 people joined park Superintendent Cassius Cash in completing the Smokies Centennial Hike 100 challenge by hiking at least 100 miles of park trails during the year.
"I continue to be inspired by the number of people enjoying the park, but more importantly, I am moved by their unwavering support and care of this special place," Cash said. "This support is more critical than ever since we have entered into our second century of service and recovery following the Chimney Tops fire. The response of the Smoky Mountains community, both near and far, has been remarkable and we thank you."
More than 2,230 park volunteers also provided more than 117,000 hours of service during 2016, performing trail maintenance, invasive plant removal and providing visitor information along trails, at visitor centers and in campgrounds.
The number of backcountry visitors increased as well, with 109,344 people spending at least one night at one of the park's backcountry campsites or shelters - a 12 percent increase over 2015.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2iotCaB
Chopper11 view of Duke Life Flight crash. 4 people died in Perquimans County on flight from Elizabeth City - Durham. https://t.co/LhWdJIQDrK pic.twitter.com/ubbTBfrfSB — Steve Daniels (@DanielsABC11) September 8, 2017
Duke Flags Lowered: University Mourns LifeFlight Crash. pic.twitter.com/RGsb7QILRq — Duke University (@DukeU) September 8, 2017
The North Carolina Highway Patrol said four people are dead in a Duke Life Flight helicopter crash in Perquimans County near Belvidere in eastern North Carolina.According to the Federal Aviation Administration, a Eurocopter MBB-BK went down around 11:30 Friday morning near Swamp Road and Sandy Cross Road close to the Amazon US Wind Farm East wind turbine complex.The Perquimans County Sheriff's Office is handling the investigation.Following the incident, Duke Health officials issued this statement:Authorities said the helicopter was flying to Duke Medical Center from Sentara Albemarle Medical Center when it crashed.Duke University Hospital President Kevin Sowers said they are mourning the loss of two staff nurses, a pilot, and a patient.The Duke employees have been identified as R.N. flight nurses Kris Harrison and Crystal Sollinger and pilot Jeff Burke.The helicopter and its crew were based at Johnston Regional Airport, airport officials said."Our county's leadership joins many others around the region and the state in expressing our great shock and sadness over today's tragedy," said Jeff Carver, chairperson of the Johnston County Board of Commissioners. "Our hearts, minds and prayers are with the families of those who were on board the Duke Life Flight aircraft, and we offer them our condolences and support in the difficult days, weeks and months ahead."To honor the deceased, Duke University lowered their flags Friday evening.Duke University Hospital has grounded their Life Flight service until further notice.Duke has a fleet of aircraft to transport patients in need of critical care.The sheriff's office has yet to release the names of those involved or how the crash occurred.However, Sheriff Shelby White said an eyewitness claims they saw smoke coming out of the chopper as it was hovering before it crashed.
The Google Play Store is the only online store that has been already loaded with over 2 million apps, over a million songs, books and movies. But there is always this problem of not having the access to this data if you are not from the specific country which has the access to a complete Google Play Store. Most of the time people can't access their favorite app, game, movie, song or book just because its not available in their region/country.
So overcome this issue, we have come up with this complete guide to let you know how to change your country in Google Play Store Account and get access for the United States Google Play Store which is regarded as the most loaded store with almost all apps, game, movies, songs and books are available in their charts.
Now there are several ways to change the country or location of your current Google Play Account to access the most needed data on the play store. There is always the difference between the stores of different countries/regions, showing different of top apps, recommended apps, and new and the updated apps list. Beside this in the United States store you can access the top entertainment channels including the movies and songs for the Google Music app.
First we will discuss the method in which you can change the country or location of the current account that you are using on your device.
Method 1: ( Google Wallet Account)
In this method you have to change your payment method.
1- Go to your Google Wallet app, or if you don't have it, simply download it from here.
2- Once in this app you can add new payment method or just simply skip the process if you don't have the payment option enabled.
3- After moving forward, now you have to add the new Payment method and address, You can select from the given country options. ( Use United States)
4- Write down Name and post code or simply get it from the Fakenamegenerator.com
5- Now close this app and access the Google Play Store and download any paid app, once you click on purchase the wallet app will continue loading. Keep on going until you reach ” Accept and Buy” Option, You don't need to purchase the app. Simply close the Google Play Store.
6- Go to Settings >> Applications >> Google Play Store >> now got to data and clear data on the play store.
Close all apps, simply open the Google Play Store app again, and you will be able to see the United States.
Method 2 : ( Add a New Account )
The above method is the standard way to change your current country for the Google Play Store account, but we have several users complaining of that method not working on their devices.
So we have come up with the new method in which you have to sign up for the new account to get the access to the specific country's Play Store account. In this method you will need a better working VPN, like Tunnel Bear or currently the best Opera VPN which is free and reliable one available for Android.
1- Open Opera VPN and tap on connect ( Make sure you are connected with the USA VPN)
2- Go to Settings >> Accounts
3- Add new Account and then click on Google as you have to add a new the Google Account.
4- Now sign up with new Email and Password and then add a US phone number, which you can get easily by signing up on TextFree web.
5- Add the number that you get on this app on the newly registered United States Google Account.
6- You will receive a new verification SMS on the text free web.
7- Add the code and here you go, you get a new Google Account from US.
That's it, Now you can simple go and again follow these steps to remove/ Clear data of the Google Play Store. Or simply you can disable the app and install a brand new Play Store from here.
Once your new Play Store is installed make sure to turn on the Opera VPN before opening the play store to access the United States version of Google Play which is loaded with all the most needed Apps, Games, Movies, Songs and millions of Books.
I personally have used this second method and I am currently using 2 Google Accounts on my Android device. I get the access to my local play store and the United States Google Play Store Account. Moreover I have added my local Credit Card to the US account and purchased some music and rented a couple of movies and its working absolutely fine for me. Hope you guys won't have any issues too.
sharing is caring:
Comments
comments
Rafa Benitez's future at Newcastle United is in jeopardy over concerns the promises made to them by owner Mike Ashley are not going to be kept.
Benitez has no intention of walking out in the middle of the season, but will reassess their position in the summer and could quit if they do receive assurances from Ashley over the extent of the club's ambition.
The Spaniard, who has not spoken directly to Ashley for months, was alarmed by Newcastle's failure to sign anyone in the January window, even though they agreed a list of targets with managing director Lee Charnley and believed there was money to spend.
Benitez was given full control of the football side of the business when they agreed to stay on as manager following relegation from the Premier League last year, but is worried that may no longer be the case because their demands were ignored in January.
If they do not retain that power, or is not given the financial backing they expect should they return Newcastle to the top flight in May, the former Liverpool, Chelsea and Real Madrid manager will question whether it is worth staying.
FBI agents arrested Kevin George Poe of Manchester, Conn., for launching DDoS attacks against GeneSimmons.com over a five-day period in October 2010.
A federal grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Poe last week on two counts – conspiracy and unauthorized impairment of a protected computer. If convicted on both counts, they face a maximum sentence of 15 years in federal prison.
According to the FBI, Poe and others linked to Anonymous conducted a DDoS attack against Simmons' computer systems, sending tens of thousands of electronic requests designed to overload the computer server and render the website useless. Poe used a favorite Anonymous software tool – a low orbit ion cannon, which is a computer program that is used to send extremely large numbers of packets over a network in an attempt to overwhelm a target computer.
Commenting on the arrest, Mike Paquette, chief strategy officer with Corero Network Security, said that the incident “once again sheds light on the increasing amount of DDoS attacks by criminals and hacktivists that are sometime out for financial gain or just looking to make a political or ideological statement.”
Paquette warned that DDoS attacks are becoming more sophisticated, targeting the application layer instead of bombarding the computer system with network packets.
“In 2012, IT administrators should update their business continuity plans and improve their overall security posture in preparation. The negative impact of business and productivity losses makes it essential to be diligent in preparation”, they advised.
A summary and a thank-you…
A summary of what appears to be a breaking of the log jam we've seen for at least one of the US Consulates in Canada — Vancouver.
A thank you to one who took the time to listen — the Consul General of Canada, Sylvia D. Johnson.
Conversations took place. We're seeing change. Communication works.
pacifica777 and calgary411 have had several discussions with Ms. Johnson — through email and a couple of lengthy phone calls, taking time from what we can only imagine being their very busy schedule.
From calgary411:
Earlier this month, Ms. Johnson asked in an email for my phone number and if I were available to talk with them They listened to my personal concerns and then to what I said regarding reports of discrepancies of experiences at US Consulates in Canada for those who had made personal decisions for renunciation or relinquishment of US citizenship. Ms. Johnson assured me they knew of this issue and were taking steps to remedy the problems. Direction had gone to all Canadian Consulates to follow the same procedures, requiring one appointment for US renunciation or relinquishment vs two appointments. They asked me to give it until December to see if we were seeing a difference; if not, please contact them again. (During our phone call, I informed them of my November 14th renunciation, so had reservations whether or not I had compromised my own renunciation. As I've earlier commented, the appointments for myself and my husband at the Calgary US Consulate were straight-forward, efficient and non-judgemental.)
Today Isaac Brock received word from Cir regarding their communications with Ms. Johnson that resulted with their assistance to them in getting their required second appointment date (he's one caught in between the old process and the new for Vancouver). Yesterday we had comments from Angela Kirk and DavidM re their wife — their final steps, having received the first, reported to us, CLNs resulting from their Vancouver appointments. Hopefully, the excessive amount of detail required for important supporting documentation in Vancouver will loosen as well.
A big difference! What were seemingly one after another bogged-down experiences for Vancouver relinquishers and renunciants now may have turned a corner. Numbers of those applying there are highs and it seems the Vancouver Consulate seems swamped. We hope to soon see a continuing more efficient process there.
I want the renunciation appointment experiences that my husband, my daughter and I had at the Calgary US Consulate to be the same for all in Canada who decide the only way to get on with their lives is to take steps to either renounce US citizenship or to declare acts of relinquishment. To have their decisions respected and the process they go through respectful will be a win-win situation.
From Pacifica:
As editor of the Consulate Report Directory, I've been aware from procedural/scheduling/etc changes at various consulates in Canada, that they've been adapting, and positively so, to this unprecedented tidal wave of expatriations. And, despite their increased workload, I've sensed a serious commitment to providing good, even excellent, customer service almost everywhere. But, still, I was floored when Calgary411 told me she'd just gotten a phone call from the Consul General for all of Canada!
I have also spoken with Ms. Johnson. Ms. Johnson asked Calgary411 to put me in touch with them so that I could provide them with information about problems that have been experienced. And I too thank them for taking the time to listen.
While I was happy to be able to tell them that most of our consulate reports are excellent, they were interested in what we felt wasn't going well. It was a very comfortable conversation. They pointed out changes that have recently been made, and are being made, to improve several things that have concerned us, and took a great interest in hearing of a couple of other matters we've encountered, with a view to addressing them as well.
From compiling the directory, it was obvious to me that various consuls have been implementing changes to deal more effectively with this overload of CLN applications. But it was absolutely terrific to realise that someone, the Consul General for Canada, no less, was very interested in our experiences and feedback!
I have been concerned about problems renunciants and relinquishers have had at certain consulates. After speaking with Ms. Johnson, I think we're heading towards having expatriation go efficiently, smoothly, and respectfully for every CLN applicant at every consulate across Canada.
I agree with Calgary. That's a win-win situation, for the person expatriating and for the US!
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Email
In Seth Speaks, they say some people who commit suicide or suffer unexpected, traumatic deaths are so shocked by their after-death condition (without a body, life as they knew it over) that they can't come to terms with what happened and can't move on to the higher realms where they would have gone if they were content at the time of death.
They're taken back to an earlier point in their lives and are allowed to live it out again, differently, until they're better able to handle the reality of what happened. At this point their helpers or guides move them along to where they're headed without incident.
This made me wonder, with fear, if I've died before and this life is not as “real”, in a sense, as it was before I suffered my death.
As with most people, I've come reasonably close to death, whether it was just missing a bad car accident, surviving a bad lightning storm in a boat, or blacking out and waking up not knowing how I got where I was when I awoke. I wondered if perhaps I had died suddenly but was unable to handle the situation, so was allowed to live my life in a sort of parallel world different from the one in which I had previously lived. That I had died a real death and at that moment my worlds branched off into two (or more) worlds: one in which I was dead and another in which I persisted, the latter being the one in which I'm focused as I type this.
When I wondered this, I had a moment where I half expected everything to blur and to be told that now it's time, my recent life has been an illusion created to help me deal with the reality of my death a few years back. Fortunately, everything stayed in focus and things are the same as they ever were.
So as you read this, think back to times where you narrowly escaped death. Have you died? How many times? Is the world in which you're currently focused, reading this post, just a parallel world that branched off from your previous one in which you actually died? Is it possible that every time you die before you're content with life, your worlds simply branch off and you continue to live until you're ready to die?
by
Cape May, NJ – How cold was it this morning on Sunset Beach? Cold enough to turn sea spray on the beach into a hard glaze of ice. Along the waterfront, a freezing spray advisory from the National Weather Service is in effect until late tonight.
Cape May joined the rest of the North East with a major temperature flip flop this weekend, dropping from a high of 53 degrees early Monday morning to a low of nine degrees Tuesday morning. The wind chill was more like 11 below zero. Mighty cold.
In part, that's because strong winds were whipping out of the west, with gusts of more than 30 miles per hour. Those winds made it almost impossible to stand up straight on Sunset Beach this morning. The strong winds turned the normally placid Delaware Bay waters into roiling, churning waves.
The photo above is of the fishing jetty at Higbee Beach, where anglers usually stand to cast their lines. Needless to say, beaches and streets on Cape Island were deserted today.
This Arctic chill caps off a five day long weather roller coaster that started with six to eight inches of snow Friday and a record five degree low temperature for Cape May for the day Saturday morning.
This is not the first time we've had weather extremes in such a short time. November brought us both unseasonable cold and warm weather.
By tomorrow, the beach ice should thaw and temperatures are expected to start heading higher again.
Run a simple and free website to organize events, parties or other happenings with more participants. Easily monitor and inform your subscribers. Let everybody stay in touch and keep an overview of the number of participants.
A free and easy to use website for your events in your hands
Are you are looking for a simple and robust solution to organize your upcoming events with several people involved? You can now run your own simple open source website. Source code and instructions are available on GitHub.
Try out the demo website
A demo application is up and running here. By now everything on the front end is in German, but if you're looking for a translated version, just let me know.
To test the demo page, just register by using the registration page and fill in your credentials.
At the bottom fill in a “Codewort”. Choose between “User” and “Admin” to get the equivalent privileges.
The following features are available:
Enter new events (title, description, date, place, max. subscribers, price, etc.) on you user account page.
Events are displayed on a several pages and can be seen as a thumbnail or table view.
Each user is available to subscribe to your event, as long as the deadline for subscription is not due or a maximal number of subscribers is reached.
Every user can leave comments to each event
Admins are able to write announcements, seen by all users.
Admins are allowed to delete and edit events, comments, subscriptions, etc.
Password recovery via Email
The technology behind the application and how it works
Here is how the setup is working:
The website itself is a application using node.js and is written in javascript using several great packages for web development like express, mongoose or passport.
The application itself is hosted by heroku, a cloud platform as a service (PaaS) provider.
A MongoDB (a free and open-source cross-platform document-oriented database) is storing the data hosted by mLAB
How to install
Here is an easy solution, how to host the website for free. In the first step a database is setup. The second steps show how to install the application website on a server and get it up and running.
Unlike the previous campaign, we now have both men's and women's cut shirts! We're offering the Teespring house brand shirt. Also now we have colors besides just black! Three shades of blue and a nice heathered cranberry shirt are available.
If you know some crabby small ones who need Ferris in their lives, there are rustacean shirts for kids and toddlers as well as baby onesies
This iteration of Ferris the crab (unofficial mascot for the Rust programming language ) has been slightly redesigned for enhanced cuddliness and 12% more cuteness. The shirt has printing on the front only, which reduces the price a bit as well.
And one more thing... Teespring has mugs now! So if you've ever wanted your cozy warm beverages adorned with a cute crab, now you can.
This is a new edition of ye olde rustacean t-shirt
The Ramlila Maidan in old Delhi is a reasonably eventful place. That's what made the National Book Fair stand out; it was practically abandoned. On the second day of the event, there were fewer book stalls, unoccupied slots, and few enough visitors that you could count them on your fingertips. Then there was one organiser bellowing into their mobile phone about a lack of adequate power, and bored stall owners like this man:
Stall owners I spoke to said the show disappointed them in part because there was a lack of publicity. Another said that the location in Old Delhi wasn't a good idea. But I managed to get shots of visitors:
As I went from stall to stall, I realised the collection on display was dated. Look at the picture below of a stall offering rock-bottom prices for books that are available at the nearest hawker near my house or at the Sunday Daryaganj book market.
Pardon me for sounding biased, but I found the idea of a Delhi cop browsing a book extraordinary. Perhaps the cops had a lot of free time at their disposal because of the thin turnout. Or maybe bookworms don't fit the criminal profile.
A single food stall offering a Bihari snack – ‘litti chokha' – delicious, but not enough to attract the crowds.
A Hindustani classical recital by Pandit Channulal Mishra, though two hours behind schedule, livened up the sombre event. As Mishra invoked the gods at the start of their performance, I heard the muezzin's voice from the mosque next door. A literary day turned into a musical evening.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Sen. Rand Paul already has people working for him, presumably for a run for president in 2016, in all 50 states. A swing state? Rand Paul is there. A ruby red, late primary state where it's kind of pointless to start campaigning in now? Rand Paul is there. Paul's attempt to be the candidate who owns every state the light touches early on is, according to the Washington Post, their high-profile way of trying to prove to the Republican establishment — along with the money that funds establishment-approve runs for office — that they can build a campaign beyond their libertarian base.
Members of their 200-strong national network (called Rand Paul Victory, which raised $4.4 million last year) include former establishment donors alongside the libertarian backers you'd to expect to see working with Paul. And, he's been courting Wall Street and Silicon Valley money, just like any good potential candidate would.
The Kentucky senator's campaign hinted that it had a 50-state team in an interview with the New York Times last week. That piece suggested that organizationally, Paul wasn't quite ready for prime time. Here's one example:
Their efforts to build a political organization also have gotten off to a halting start. Mr. Paul's aides interviewed a well-regarded Republican operative named Dorinda Moss, who had served as the finance director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee. But they eventually went to work for Mr. Rubio, in part because Mr. Paul never got around to offering them a job.
As another aide put it at the time, Paul doesn't yet have a fundraising "Alxelrod" in their corner, like Barack Obama did for their ascendency from the senate up to the White House. But the Post's update on Paul's campaign indicates that they might not need one, at least not yet. Even Axlerod themselves responded with the curious statement, “David Axelrod wasn't David Axelrod until they are." So maybe one of Paul's not-Axelrods will turn out to be an Axelrod in the rough.
We are excited to share one of our fave stories from Shape here on FitSugar. This week Shape turns to Cynthia Sass, a registered dietitian with master's degrees in both nutrition science and public health.
If you couldn't let anything cross your lips from 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 a.m., but you were allowed to eat anything you wanted for eight hours a day and still lose weight, would you try it? That's the apparent bottom line of a rat study published in the journal Cell Metabolism, which recently stirred up the weight loss pot.
Top 50 Summer Diet Foods for Weight Loss
Scientists put groups of mice on different diet regimens for 100 days. One group of rodents ate healthy food while animals in two of the groups chowed down on high-fat, high-calorie feed. Half of the junk food eaters were allowed to munch whenever they wanted to while the others only had access to feed for the eight hours they were most active. The conclusion: even though they ate a fatty diet, the mice who were forced to fast for 16 hours were almost as lean as those who ate the healthy fare. Interestingly, the round the clock junk food eaters became obese and developed health problems, even though they consumed about the same amount of fat and calories as the time-restricted junk food fed mice.
ADVERTISEMENT
See if a nutritionist thinks nighttime fasting works after the break!
7 Surprising Ways Junk Food Makes You Miserable
The researchers who conducted the study say that this single strategy: simply extending the nighttime fast is a cheap and easy weight loss approach free from side effects, but I'm not sure I agree. As a health professional my primary goal is always optimal health, so when I hear about studies that essentially send the message that you can eat poor quality food and still lose weight, I feel like it does a real disservice to consumers. Any time you lose weight, no matter how you do it, even the most unhealthy way possible, you'll see some positive health indicators, perhaps a reduction in cholesterol, blood sugar, blood pressure, etc. But long-term, to optimize energy, wellness, and even looks (hair, skin, etc.), the nutrients found in healthy foods need to show up for work day after day.
Junk Food that's Good for You
Over the years I've met numerous clients who have lost weight eating restricted amounts of unhealthy food, but they struggled with side effects from dry skin and dull hair to bad breath, constipation, fatigue, crankiness, and a run down immune system. And if it was an approach they couldn't maintain, they gained all the weight back.
Also, my private practice clients who eat meals at consistent times (breakfast within an hour of waking up and the remaining meals three to five hours apart) do far better long term than those who try to eat a larger breakfast, taper the size of the meals as the day goes on, and stop eating earlier in the evening. In my experience the latter just isn't sustainable or practical for most people. But eating a healthy dinner at say 6:00 p.m. and a healthy snack at 9:30 p.m., then going to bed at 11:00 p.m., keeps hunger from getting out of control, curbs cravings, fits better with most people's social life, and can be sustained, which is the real key to losing weight and keeping it off.
Many of my clients are long-term or even when we're not actively working together we're in touch regularly so I "follow" them for a long time, sometimes years. Seeing what really works for people after months or years, and what fizzles out, what makes people feel good, and what robs them of their energy, gives me a bird's eye perspective that makes me skeptical of oversimplified approaches but I'd love to hear from you. What do you think? Would limit your eating time to your most active eight hours of the day work for you? And do you think the quality of your diet is important?
To get the latest health, fitness, beauty, and fashion news follow @Shape_Magazine on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook.
Cynthia Sass is a registered dietitian with master's degrees in both nutrition science and public health. Frequently seen on national TV, she's a SHAPE contributing editor and nutrition consultant to the New York Rangers and Tampa Bay Rays.
If you look at any thread about Trump, Islam or immigration on a Chinese social media platform these days, it's impossible to avoid encountering the term baizuo (白左), or literally, the ‘white left'. It first emerged about two years ago, and yet has quickly become one of the most popular derogatory descriptions for Chinese netizens to discredit their opponents in online debates.
So what does ‘white left' mean in the Chinese context, and what's behind the rise of its (negative) popularity? It might not be an easy task to define the term, for as a social media buzzword and very often an instrument for ad hominem attack, it could mean different things for different people. A thread on “why well-educated elites in the west are seen as naïve “white left” in China” on Zhihu, a question-and-answer website said to have a high percentage of active users who are professionals and intellectuals, might serve as a starting point.
The question has received more than 400 answers from Zhihu users, which include some of the most representative perceptions of the 'white left'. Although the emphasis varies, baizuo is used generally to describe those who “only care about topics such as immigration, minorities, LGBT and the environment” and “have no sense of real problems in the real world”; they are hypocritical humanitarians who advocate for peace and equality only to “satisfy their own feeling of moral superiority”; they are “obsessed with political correctness” to the extent that they “tolerate backwards Islamic values for the sake of multiculturalism”; they believe in the welfare state that “benefits only the idle and the free riders”; they are the “ignorant and arrogant westerners” who “pity the rest of the world and think they are saviours”.
Apart from some anti-hegemonic sentiments, the connotations of ‘white left' in the Chinese context clearly resemble terms such as ‘regressive liberals' or ‘libtards' in the United States. In a way the demonization of the ‘white left' in Chinese social media may also reflect the resurgence of right-wing populism globally.
However, Chinese netizens' fierce attacks against the ‘white left' seem curiously devoid of experiential motivation, since all these problems that conservatives in the west are concerned about – immigration, multiculturalism, minority rights, and affirmative actions – are largely unknown to Chinese society. This is not to say that discrimination against women and ethnic, religious and sexual minorities do not exist in China. They are no less serious or structural here than in any other societies. But cultural and identity politics has never gained much salience as political issues under an authoritarian regime, although feminist activists have received increased attention recently. Overall, there has been ‘too little', rather than ‘too much' political correctness as perceived by conservatives in the west.
Chinese netizens' fierce attacks against the ‘white left' seem curiously devoid of experiential motivation.
In fact, heated discussions about baizuo on Chinese social media websites rarely make reference to domestic issues, except for occasionally and unsurprisingly insulting Chinese Muslims for being “unintegrated” or “complicit in the spread of Islam extremism”. The stigmatization of the ‘white left' is driven first and foremost by Chinese netizens' understanding of ‘western' problems. It is a symptom and weakness of the Other.
The term first became influential amidst the European refugee crisis, and Angela Merkel was the first western politician to be labelled as a baizuo for their open-door refugee policy. Hungary, on the other hand, was praised by Chinese netizens for its hard line on refugees, if not for its authoritarian leader. Around the same time another derogatory name that was often used alongside baizuo was shengmu (圣母) – literally the ‘holy mother' – which according to its users refers to those who are ‘overemotional', ‘hypocritical' and ‘have too much empathy'. The criticisms of baizuo and shengmu soon became an online smear campaign targeted at not only public figures such as J. K. Rowling and Emma Watson, but also volunteers, social workers and all other ordinary citizens, whether in Europe or China, who express any sympathy with international refugees.
In May 2016, Amnesty International published their survey results indicating that the most welcoming country for refugees was China. Leaving the reliability of its sample and methodology aside, this finding was not at all taken as a compliment in the Chinese media. Global Times conducted their own online survey in response to Amnesty's claim, and the results were quite the opposite: 90.3% said ‘no' to the question ‘would you accept refugees in your own household?' and 79.6% said ‘no' to the question ‘would you accept refugees in your city, or would you like to be neighbours with refugees?'. Ironically, Amnesty's portrayal of China as a welcoming country for displaced people was even read by some netizens as part of a foreign conspiracy, intended to pressure the Chinese government to accept more refugees. A senior researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences commented that this survey was “weird” and seemed to “incite citizens against the government”.
The anti-baizuo discourse in Chinese social media gained stronger momentum during the US presidential election campaign. If criticisms of the ‘white left' in the context of the refugee crisis were mainly about disapproval of ‘moralist humanitarianism' mixed with Islamophobia, they became politically more elaborate as Chinese critics of the ‘white left' discovered Donald J. Trump, whom they both identify with and take inspiration from. Following the debates in the US, a number of other issues such as welfare reforms, affirmative action and minority rights were introduced into online discussions on the ‘white left'. Baizuo critics now began to identify Obama and Clinton as the new epitome of the ‘white left', despite the fact that they were neither particularly humanitarian nor particularly kind to migrants. Trump was taken as the champion of everything the ‘white left' were against, and baizuo critics naturally became their enthusiastic supporters.
To be sure, and fortunately, not all in Chinese cyberspace talk about the ‘white left' in a derogatory way, just as not all appreciate the views and style of Trump. Rao Yi, a renowned neurobiologist and public intellectual, was one of the few to publically criticize the demonization of baizuo and Chinese netizens' support for Trump on television. Their statement stirred up a great deal of controversy online. An overwhelming majority of Zhihu users thought that Rao had only proved that they were typical of the ‘white left': biased, elitist, ignorant of social reality and constantly applying double standards.
What are the possible explanations of the prevailing hostility to the ‘white left' in Chinese social media? Only a fraction of the arguments can be considered interests-based, and they are made by established and newly arrived overseas Chinese in Europe and North America. Many students and job-seekers in Europe, for example, argue that it is simply unfair that they “have to work so hard to stay, whereas these refugees can simply come and claim asylum”. More or less established Chinese immigrants in the United States often make the case that affirmative action policies put Chinese-Americans in a disadvantageous position, and “Chinese should not pay the price for the wrongs white Americans have done”. It isn't the place to analyse the pitfalls of these claims here; my focus is rather on why mainland Chinese people adopt such a strong and emotionally charged view on issues they do not have direct experience with. The following ideological, instead of interest-based factors might be at play in both domestic and international contexts.
From a domestic perspective, the proliferation of anti-baizuo sentiment is clearly in line with the dominance of a kind of brutal, demoralized pragmatism in post-socialist China. Many of the attacks on the welfare state and the idea that states have obligations towards international refugees appeal to the same social Darwinist logic of ‘survival of the fittest'. It is assumed that individuals should take responsibility for their own misery, whether it is war or poverty, and should not be helped by others. The rationale goes hand in hand with the view that inequality is inevitable in a market-economy-cum-Hobbesian-society. Although economic disparity in China has been worsening in recent years, sociologist Yu Xie found that most Chinese people regard it as an inevitable consequence of economic growth, and that inequality is unlikely to give rise to political or social unrest.
Pragmatism with an emphasis on self-responsibility seems to be the ideology of our post-ideological times. It is, in UK prime minister Theresa May's words, ‘living within our means'. This is combined with a general indifference towards race issues, or even worth, with certain social Darwinist beliefs that some races are superior to others, leading many mainland Chinese netizens to dismiss struggles against structural discriminations as naïve, pretentious or demanding undeserved privileges.
Seen from the perspective of international relations, the anti-baizuo discourse can be understood as part of what William A. Callahan calls ‘negative soft power', that is, constructing the Chinese self through ‘the deliberate creation and then exclusion' of Others as ‘barbarians' or otherwise inferior. Criticisms of the ‘white left' against the background of the European refugee crisis fit especially well with the ‘rising China' versus ‘Europe in decline' narrative. According to Baidu Trends, one of the most related keywords to baizuo was huimie: “to destroy”. Articles with titles such as ‘the white left are destroying Europe' were widely circulated.
In an academic-style essay that was retweeted more than 7000 times on Weibo, a user named ‘fantasy lover Mr. Liu' ‘reviewed' European philosophy from Voltaire and Marx to Adorno and Foucault, concluding that the ‘white left' as a 'spiritual epidemic' is on its way to self-destruction. They then stated that Trump's win was only “a small victory over this spiritual epidemic of humankind”, but “western civilization is still far from its self-redemption”. However ridiculous it may appear, the post is illustrative of how a demonized Other is projected onto seemingly objective or academic criticisms of the ‘white left'. Ultimately, the more the ‘white left' – whatever it means – represent the fatal weakness of democracy, the more institutional and normative security the Chinese regime enjoys. The grassroots campaign against the ‘white left' thus echoes the officially-sanctioned campaign against ‘universal values', providing a negative evidence for the superiority of the Chinese self.
Finally, it should to be noted that the internet in China is subject to strict censorship. The Chinese government has been known to hire a large number of ‘internet commentators' (known as the 50 cent party) to fabricate social media posts. According to a recent research conducted by scholars at Harvard University, 29% of the ‘accused 50 cent posts' they investigated fall into the category of ‘taunting of foreign countries. It is nonetheless impossible to know whether these accused posts are indeed written by government employees. Similarly, it is hard to tell whether some of the criticisms of baizuo are coming from fabricated commentators-for-hire. However, given the strict censorship regime, criticizing democratic values such as pluralism, tolerance, and solidarity is certainly one of the safest ‘critical' opinions ordinary citizens can express online.
Listen to a recorded audio version of this article courtesy of curio.io.
Fashion
A Photographic Celebration Of The Sikh Beard And Turban:
The Singh Project
CAREY DUNNE
In contemporary hipsterdom and among Hollywood's leading men, the beard is a fashion statement.
But in the Sikh religion, a resplendent beard is a symbol of spiritual deference and discipline.
London-based photographer duo Amit and Naroop, who were raised on a mixture of Western and traditional Sikh values, were intrigued by how trendy beards had become among the hip secular set. It inspired them to do a photography project documenting contemporary Sikh men; they would focus on the symbolism of those men's beards and turbans.
“We wanted men who wore their turban in their own style and with beards that had character,” Naroop explains.
Currently being funded on Kickstarter, The Singh Project Series documents 35 Sikh-Briton men -- a diverse and colorful bunch, including gurdwara volunteers, fashion stylists, boxers, doctors, magicians, architects, watchmakers, and students.
“We selected young Sikh-Briton men whose style was a fusion of East and West, as well as older men who kept their look more traditional,” Naroop says.
Speaking to their subjects, the photographers were struck by the pride they took in their beards and turbans.
Specifically, Sikhs' beards symbolize the belief that God made humans in perfection, and that they shouldn't alter the human body.
Then there are the turbans, many in bright colors and prints, worn to protect the uncut hair. The 'crown' helps the Sikh to be easily identifiable in a crowd or from afar, to meet the criteria of being 'nyaara' -- standing out and out-standing.
Some of their subjects pose with a kirpan, which symbolizes a Sikh's duty to come to the defense of those in peril. Baptized (and practicing) Sikhs -- both men and women -- wear these kirpans on their body at all times.
“Some of the younger Sikh men told us how their younger years were spent getting into trouble,” Naroop says. “But when they embraced Sikhism, grew their hair, and wore a turban, they no longer needed their previous false physical pleasures as Sikhism gave them everything they needed on a deeper spiritual level.”
A few of the older Sikh men told stories of having to cut their hair when they first came to England -- just to be accepted by a xenophobic culture and to get jobs to feed their families.
The photographer duo found Sikhism's compatibility with modern science attractive. As they were growing up, “religion was never forced on us,” Naroop says. “We find following its teachings in the modern world feels natural and not prohibitive,” they say, and emphasizes, “Singh is a project close to our heart. It represents our identity as British born photographers and our Punjabi, Sikh roots.”
Back the project here.
Courtesy: Co.Design. Edited for sikhchic.com
June 9, 2014
Conversation about this article Comment on "A Photographic Celebration Of The Sikh Beard And Turban:
The Singh Project" * Your Name
* Email
* City / Country
* Comments
To help us distinguish between comments submitted by individuals and those automatically entered by software robots, please complete the following. Submit Please note: your email address will not be shown on the site, this is for contact and follow-up purposes only. All information will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Sikhchic reserves the right to edit or remove content at any time.
read other articles in Fashion
article
Gold prices are climbing again. That's good for miners, if it's sustained.
Continue Reading Below
What:Gold and precious metals mining stocks are climbing on June 3. Shares ofCompania de Minas Buenaventura SAA (ADR),Alamos Gold Inc (USA),Gold Fields Limited (ADR), Yamana Gold Inc.(USA), andNovaGold Resources Inc. are all up double-digits as of this writing, at 12:55 p.m. EDT:
BVN Price data by YCharts.
So what:The big driver is a surge in gold prices. Gold futures are up 2.4% today, one of the biggest single-day moves for gold prices since earlier this year. The big push is likely a product of today's jobs report, which shows U.S. jobs growth slowed to the lowest levels in five years in May.
How does this tie back to gold prices? It's a bit indirect, but it's largely related to interest rates.
The Federal Reserve seemed to be on track to raise the Fed's overnight funds rate -- a key number that affects the interest rate for nearly everything, including home loans, savings yields, and corporate debt -- for the second time in the past six months. But after this widely considered weak jobs report, expectations are now that it's more likely the Fed will table another rate increase to later in the year.
Advertisement
Interest-rate hikes are largely viewed as bad for gold prices, as this chart demonstrates:
Gold Price in U.S. Dollars data by YCharts.
During the past month or so, the expectation has been that the Fed would raise rates soon, and that's been a drag on gold prices. Today's jobs report has many investors speculating that economic growth is set to slow, which would not only further delay rate increases, but also weaken returns from other investments, including stocks with broad exposure to the economy.
Gold stocks, however, are viewed a little differently, because gold prices often skyrocket in weak economic conditions, as well as when interest rates fall or stay low.So far this year, these gold stocks have been market-crushing investments:
BVN data by YCharts.
This is largely because gold prices, even after the May sell-off, are still up big since the start of 2016.
Now what:Investors need to consider that much of the run-up for gold-mining stocks is a product of investor speculation, and not necessarily solid business fundamentals. Gold prices are being driven up by investor speculation, not consumer or industrial demand, and this momentum has lifted gold-mining stocks.
And investor sentiment in gold can be very fickle:
Gold Price in US Dollars data by YCharts.
If the U.S. economy stumbles in the coming months, gold prices are likely to continue climbing, and that would further boost gold-mining stocks higher. But at the same time, if this turns out to be just a small bump in the road for the economy and jobs growth, the gold prices would likely falter, bringing gold-mining stocks back down to earth.
That's exactly what happened between 2011 and 2015 with the miners above, even when factoring in the strong gains so far this year:
BVN data by YCharts.
Bottom line: Gold stocks have largely become a proxy for gold prices, which itself is largely a product of speculation on the economy and interest rates. So before you invest in any gold-mining stock, it's a good idea to understand what its operating structure looks like, and how much it needs to realize per ounce of gold that it sells to operate profitably.
Trading gold stocks based on what youthinkthe economy will do in the short term is a 50/50 bet. Better to understand the fundamentals of the business first.
The article Gold Rally Sends These Gold Stocks Up Double Digits: Investor Takeaway originally appeared on Fool.com.
Jason Hall has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Copyright 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool, LLC. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
Why Functional Programming Works for Games
Why I set out to prove that functional programming works for games, and what it might mean for modern game devs.
Software Mercenary Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 17, 2016
Screenshots for the world's first pure functional game engine, Nu!
A fellow on www.fpchat.com Slack channel #gamedev asked me the following question about my pure functional F# game engine, Nu (source available here) -
“I was curious of how this project started. Do you have previous experience in game/engines development?”
I think it was my very painful experience working with commercial game code bases — most recently on the Sims 4 — that finally convinced me of the fundamental flaws of the imperative / object-oriented approach to game development. Those conclusions kept being reconfirmed with my successive experiences with modern engines like Unreal, Unity, and other in-house game engines.
The game that convinced me to change my approach.
The bottom line was that, in these code bases, what should have taken 15–30 minutes would typically get estimated at - and actually take! - 3-5 hours. And let me assure you almost all that extra time spend was pure pain, most of which was spent in the debugger trying to figure out just how the hell the horrifically complex system got into the relevant part of its current state to begin with.
As an engineer, I became consistently frustrated due to the complexity that seemed unavoidable with current tools.
However, while working on Sims 4, I was privileged enough to undertake what would be an ongoing conversation with one of the principle engineers on the team. It was this months-long exchange that helped me shape some of my initial ideas of the Nu Game Engine — if only as a contrarian undertaking.
Let me note that my colleague was an awesome chap personally, and gave a great deal of time to these discussions that they did not have to, so even though they argued forcefully, they were one of the nicest and most open-minded people I've worked with. As our conversation proceeded, the arguments they gave as to why functional programming could not work for games kept returning to the following two points -
1) The GC would create too many pauses and affect the frame rate of games. This was from their experience of using C# in the Sims 3 engine, and their experience didn't allow them to conclude otherwise — even though the modern .NET GC was very different than the one that shipped with Sims 3.
To invalidate their assertion, I did some research on modern GC technology, consuming several white papers and a couple of books along the way.
My favorite!
After spending several weeks doing my homework (it was not easy ramping up on such an unfamiliar topic!), I continued our conversation. I suggested that the design of at least some modern GCs —such as those considered ‘pauseless' due to their iterative nature — would eliminate the issue in theory.
When I brought this to their attention, they didn't seem to be able to give a concrete rebuttal, so I concluded the approach would, at least in theory, work. It would have been nicer had they been willing to concede the point outright, but fortunately I was able to make up for their lack of explicit concession with my own stubbornness.
Even better, as I prototyped the engine initially, it turned out that, In practice, the .NET' 3 (and above) GC did not have the type of pauses they worried about — even without an incremental design! As far as bandwidth is concerned, the GC maxes out at 2% of CPU usage in Nu.
Add to that the fact that many engineers foresee GC becoming part of the computer's hardware — at least, once we settle on a universal set of GC primitives. For all of these reasons, I'd consider this a non-issue both in theory and in practice.
Some people think GC should be at the hardware level anyways. I find it hard to disagree.
2) Pure functional programming would be too slow.
This is a common concern, and a bit more valid than the other. But is it to the extreme as being suggested by my colleague? And aren't there some caching optimizations and other workarounds that can mostly negate this concern?
Currently, the Nu Game Engine can process up to 25,000 on-screen entities at 60 FPS before saturating the CPU. For perspective, consider that the modern CPU can only handle about 50,000 particles before they need to be placed on the GPU — and particles are much cheaper than entities in any game engine.
With this number of entities on the screen at once, the performance limitations depend entirely on the engine's structure. Consider that in order for an entity to have its current state retrieved, it must be looked up from a map. And not just any map, a purely functional map! How can we process that many entities when we have to rely on this type of data structure?
There are three optimizations that make this fast in Nu. First, we use an innovative purely functional unidirectional map, Umap, rather than the normal F# Map. While the vanilla Map's look-up time is O(log n), Umap's look up time is O(1) in Nu's use case!
(It's called the ‘unidirectional map' because its performance is near that of the .NET Dictionary's so long as most past instances of it are discarded — just as they fortunately are in a game simulation such as Nu!)
Check out the timings -
Some timing comparisons for the various mapping primitives. Source at https://github.com/bryanedds/Nu/blob/master/Prime/Prime/Program.fs. Umap is almost as fast as the highly-optimized .NET Dictionary!
Second, the most recently-found entity is cached by the engine so that subsequent state retrievals on the same entity require no entity look-up at all! So as far as subsequent reads go, we're as fast as we'd like to be.
Third, there is the ability to specialize types of entities as ‘imperative'. That is, operations on them mutate the state in-place rather than copying and updating. Because imperative entity operations are in-place, their data can be cached directly in the handle, requiring no look-ups even when dealing with different entities! The above 25,000 number is for imperative entities. If you want your entities to be purely functional and work with systems such as undo / redo in the editor, you can only have about 7,000.
250 simultaneous physics boxes, and the bottlenecks are in the imperative portions of Nu, such as the Farseer Physics system and the SDL2 renderer that I have yet had time to optimize.
So, as it stands, we can say the following today with certainty -
Pure functional game programming will assuredly work for typical, non-AAA games. Concerns 1 and 2 have been demonstrated to be non-blocking both in theory and in practice (although with concern 2 — you still have to be careful at times).
The open question is — do these types of techniques — when used at the core of a game engine — work in the context of AAA games like Uncharted 4?
The static environments won't be a problem as it's nearly all on the GPU. It's the dynamics that are intimidating.
I cannot answer this with full certainty. The number of things going on at once in Uncharted 4 is staggering. And yes, much of that can be done by having imperative subsystems below the purely functional engine API using data-oriented design. Data orientation is very complementary to the functional approach, just so long as its mutable parts stay below the engine-level. Nu's design is, in fact, intended to be ‘functional at the top and data-oriented at the bottom'.
But in truth, while I am optimistic, I'm not sure what standard of proof my engine would have to satisfy in order to work for such demanding simulations. For Sims 4? I think so. For Uncharted 4 with that ridiculously under-clocked CPU on the PS4? I just don't know… yet.
That all said, like as was done with the initial prototype of Nu, I will assert this much:
There's only one way I know to prove that pure functional programming can work for modern AAA games — and that is to try it and see.
Glenn Beck has repeatedly attacked popular music as "propaganda" that is helping to advance a progressive agenda and undermine America. Fox example, Beck warned that Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land" is "about a progressive utopia" and that the Beatles' "Revolution" "spell[s] it all out" about "how progressives have been operating."
Beck's revelations about "Revolution" and other hits
Beck and crew call Springsteen's "Born in the U.S.A." "anti-American." On Beck's radio show, co-host Pat Gray stated: "How many of us go to the Fourth of July fireworks display, we see the fireworks blasting, exploding in the air, and we hear 'Born in the U.S.A.' by Bruce Springsteen, and we're like, 'Yeah, "Born in the U.S.A." ' And you get filled with patriotic pride, and then you find out that Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the U.S.A.' is anti-American." After Beck read the lyrics of the song, Gray said, "That's what it's all about. That's what America's about, according to Bruce Springsteen." Beck responded: "See, here's the thing that I don't think people understand yet -- I think you do -- that it is time for us to wake up out of our dream state, wake up out of the propaganda." [Premiere Radio Networks' The Glenn Beck Program, 3/11/10]
Beck warns viewers that Woody Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land" is "about a progressive utopia." On their Fox News show, Beck read lyrics from "This Land Is Your Land" by Woody Guthrie -- whom they identified as a communist -- and stated: "This song is about a progressive utopia where there are no owners of anything. We all just share it. It's made for you -- it's your land, it's my land. We all have it together. Some people have property now, and some people don't. We can all think of this song as an American song. Yes, it is -- an American progressive song." [Fox News' Glenn Beck, 3/10/10]
Beck analyzes Beatles' "Revolution" to illustrate progressives' plan to slowly institute Marxism. On their radio show, Beck implored their listeners to "listen to the words" of the Beatles' "Revolution." After playing part of the song, Beck asked, "Do you know why those two lines -- evolution and revolution -- are in this song?" Beck then said, "If you know the history of progressives" and stated that progressives and Marxists "believe in all the same stuff." Beck continued: "Their [progressives'] idea was you don't need a bloody revolution. You just evolve things slowly, and you'll change the world." After playing more of the song, Gray said, "This is all -- it's peaceful." Beck responded, "But it's progressive." [The Glenn Beck Program, 1/21/10]
Beck again on "Revolution": "[I]t's all about understanding how progressives have been operating." On their January 25 Fox News show, Beck again warned about the Beatles:
As we begin to fill the site with all sorts of fun guides and info, we figured it was time to celebrate with our first official giveaway! Much like Disney Infinity Codes, we love to give away awesome stuff to the fans. We haven't exactly figured out a schedule for the giveaways yet but they will likely be bi-weekly, depending on the time of year… maybe more frequently!
Past Winners
03/11/2016 | Ghostbusters Level Pack – Jedi Jac
02/22/2016 | Doc Brown Fun Pack – Josh F.
Current Giveaway
Our next giveaway is getting a little spooky with a Midway Arcade Level Pack!
This level pack includes:
Gamer Kid Mini Fig
Arcade Machine
G-6155 Spy Hunter
Help save the world with your super 8-bit powers! Unlock awesome mini games through the Arcade Machine! Use the Gamer Kid's full assortment of powers to beat down the bad guys and help save the day!
Enter This Lego Dimensions Giveaway using the Gleam Tool below!
Midway Arcade Level Pack Giveaway
Lego Dimensions Giveaway Gallery
Want More Lego Game News?
Make sure you follow, like and subscribe across all our social media pages!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Hey look, it's Jaws in real life. Which should scare the bones out of land dwelling ol' me but the sheer size of this giant monster great white shark is so ridiculously huge (I mean, it's more blimp than shark), that I can't help but laugh. Look at it dwarf the entire cage and treat that daredevil of a scuba diver as some peon fish not even worth eating.
When you're that big, humans are fun size snacks that only make you hungrier. The shark in the video, recorded by marine biologist Mauricio Hoyos Padilla, is the famous Deep Blue. It's 20 feet long (and maybe pregnant!) and is one of the biggest sharks ever caught on film. Watch them below if you want to never go into the ocean again.
The comedian Tig Notaro appeared on “Transparent” and hosts a
(http://professorblastoff.com/), but they are best known for a standup set they performed two years ago, a few days after learning that they had breast cancer.* They later got a double mastectomy, after which they chose not to have reconstructive surgery. Last night, they played The Town Hall. They told a story about receiving a pat-down at the airport, where the female security agent was obviously concerned that Notaro was in the wrong line. “She didn't feel any boobs, and they didn't feel a bra,” Notaro said. “She looked up at my face, really drank it in. Apparently that didn't help.” (Notaro is queer and is interested in androgyny; their current standup tour is called “Boyish Girl Interrupted.”) “I knew all I had to do was talk,” Notaro said. “She'd hear my voice and they would know that I'm female. But I really didn't want to help her_._”
Notaro was wearing a gray sports jacket, jeans, and a pink button-down shirt. They finished the bit and unbuttoned their jacket. From the back of the house, someone shouted “Whooo!”—a catcall, or a catcall in scare quotes.
Notaro, with one arm still in their jacket, looked surprised. “Did you not hear the story I was just telling?” they asked. They paused, letting a small wave of laughter roll over the crowd. (Anaheed Alani, of Rookie magazine, once wrote that Notaro “uses long pauses . . . better than probably any other comedian in the world.”)
“You know, it's funny,” Notaro continued. “I was going to do this show with my shirt off, anyway. I'm about one more ‘Whooo' away from going topless.” It was a joke, obviously. But, predictably, several whoops emerged from the crowd. Notaro made an instant calculation. Then they ripped their shirt open, Superman-like, and they were topless.
Long pause.  They are a deadpan comedian of the driest vintage, and their face remained stolid. The patches of the audience that were stunned into silence alternated with the patches that were seized by deep, hoarse laughter, resulting in weird patterns of wave interference. Notaro is thin. They stood with their shoulders slightly hunched, their ribs visible, their lack of breasts visible, their surgery scars visible. “Naked onstage” is a classic premise for an anxiety dream, and the moment felt surreal. So it's true that they don't wear a bra. Is this being filmed? Is this actually happening?
After a few seconds, they arched their eyebrows in a schoolmarmish way, as if to say, Are we ready to go on? They performed the rest of their set, another twenty minutes or so, without covering up. They alluded to it once or twice—“You're thinking, ‘When's they gonna . . . ?' She's not gonna”—but mostly they stuck to their jokes, about “Yellow Submarine” and the phrase “That's what they said.” They finished their set and received a standing ovation (which, in fairness, they had explicitly requested), and then they buttoned up their shirt, jumped down from the lip of the stage, and ran through the house toward the lobby.
Del Close, the guru of modern improv comedy, was known for imparting instructions that were halfway between koans and clichés. One was “Don't Think.” Another was “Follow the Fear.” Notaro's shirtless performance was a textbook illustration of what these phrases mean, and why they are good advice. If a bizarre series of escalated jokes suggests an opportunity to disrobe in public, the appropriate response is to think better of it, and to keep your clothes on. By not thinking and doing the inappropriate thing, Notaro, not for the first time, found within them joke-telling a moment of transcendence. The image was almost too easy to read as allegory: a comic literally willing to bare it all, their flesh literally scarred, the shape of their body a living rebuke to gender norms. Walking out of the theatre, I began to wonder whether it was a little too perfect. Had it all been planned? Then I bumped into Notaro, who seemed just as surprised and thrilled as their audience did.
_*Correction: A previous version of this post identified Notaro as a writer for “Inside Amy Schumer”; they no longer writes for the show. _
A pensioner who broke up an attempted armed robbery on a jewellery shop in Northampton has described how they used their handbag to stop the raid.
Ann Timson, who is in their seventies and is retired, issued a statement through police in Northampton who are investigating the attempted armed robbery.
Former market trader Ann said they had at first thought someone was being beaten up, when they saw three men follow another man into a shop doorway: “My mother's instinct kicked in and I ran across the road shouting at the lads to stop it. Only then did I realise that they were smashing glass and that it was a raid.”
Mrs Timson said they were surprised by the lack of assistance from the people watching what was happening but by then they were too involved to stop: “By now I was in full flight and I started whacking the lads over the head with my shopping bag. Passers-by didn't come to my assistance to begin with. They all seemed mesmerised.”
The Deputy Chief Constable of Northampton Police, Suzette Davenport, said the force was grateful but wanted to issue a warning as well. They said: “I have met today with Ann and thanked them for what they did. They demonstrated true community spirit in wanting to help others but we should acknowledge that this did involve a clear element of risk.”
For Ann however, there is no doubt that they did the right thing. They said: “I know I put myself in danger but I would probably do the same again. My black shopping bag is having a rest today, to give it time to recover from its bruises.”
It's 'Dipa' Karmakar, Salman Khan: Olympics goodwill ambassador forgets gymnast's name
When Bollywood actor Salman Khan was appointed the Indian Olympic Association's (IOA) goodwill ambassador for the Rio Olympics, sportspersons were against the nomination. The appointment was seen as a suggestion that a Bollywood face is required to glorify sports.
Many from the sports fraternity spoke against the nomination including sprinter Milkha Singh and wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt. After the dust has settled over the controversy, Khan has now proved that choosing them as the Goodwill Ambassador was not really a smart choice after all.
On Sunday, 7 August, at an event launching their brother Sohail Khan's upcoming film Freaky Ali, Salman could not recall the name of the Indian gymnast, Dipa Karmakar, who became the first Indian to qualify for the vault event at the Rio Olympics.
NDTV has quoted them as saying "I thought... it was... was it Deepika? I thought they were going to win gold but they came eighth, no?" Then at the suggestion of a reporter at the event they reached the conclusion that their name is 'Deepti'.
Ironically, Salman Khan had earlier tweeted asking people to support the gymnast in the run up to the Olympics.
Let's cheer our 2016 Olympic stars . Here's Dipa Karmakar #YouMakeUsProud pic.twitter.com/j9f3klnu4S — Salman Khan (@BeingSalmanKhan) April 30, 2016
In an interview to Hindustan Times, Salman had defended their appointment by saying, "Are all kids, who have tried out certain sports but haven't won a medal, not sports persons? Aren't all the kids or other persons, who like and follow a particular sports sports persons? If they are, then why just pick on me?"
They further said that the media did not respond in the same way for the appointment of other goodwill ambassadors like AR Rahman and Sachin Tendulkar. They stated that Rahman, like him, is not a sports person and Tendulkar plays only one sport.
Updated Date: Aug 09, 2016 11:27:41 IST
MSNBC may have made a big deal a couple of years ago about booting a number of its more far-left hosts as the network tried to shift more to "straight news" programs, but one only need to monitor the news network for several hours to observe just how consistently to the left it still is.
In the aftermath of Attorney General Jeff Sessions announcing Tuesday morning that the DACA program that benefits many young illegal immigrants will be ended in six months, the left-wing news network immediately hosted several guests who trashed the decision, with guests using such words as "dark day," "shameless," "lie," "black eye for the country." One guest even invoked the "white supremacists that were marching in Charlottesville" as having a similar agenda.
It took from 11:12 a.m. until 2:30 p.m. for the first right-leaning guest to appear who actually voiced support for ending the DACA program as New Jersey Republican Rep. Leonard Lance argued that Congress should now pass a similar plan so that it adheres to the Constitution unlike the Barack Obama executive order.
Over those first three hours, eight left-leaning guests -- not including journalists -- who opposed the Trump administration decision appeared and gave their reactions against the action. There was one Republican guest (strategist Michael Steel who should not be confused with former RNC chair Michael Steele) who did not clearly state their view on the Trump decision, but did fret that "ending it peremptorily would be a humanitarian catastrophe, an economic catastrophe, and a national security catastrophe" as they argued that Congress should pass a replacement.
It was almost 4:00 p.m. before a second Republican appeared, and the first one to voice support for Trump ending DACA as Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton argued that it was unconstitutional for such a program to be created by executive order. They took no position on how Congress should respond to the program's end as they merely indicated a willingness to accept whatever Congress legitimately enacts as law.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
At no point in the reactions to Sessions was there any inclusion of the right-leaning view that conservatives should press for more border security measures that would help prevent such a large illegal immigrant problem to exist again. Also absent from the discussions was anyone advocating the argument that rewarding law-breaking encourages more illegal immigration and short-changes those who followed the law to enter the country.
For their part, shortly after noon on their Andrea Mitchell Reports show, liberal MSNBC host and NBC correspondent Andrea Mitchell fretted over Sessions using the words "illegal aliens" during their discussion of the DACA move, and dismissed the suggestion hinted at by Sessions that rewarding law-breaking encourages more law-breaking:
ANDREA MITCHELL: Let me just play a little bit more of Jeff Sessions talking about controlling our borders, which has nothing to do with these people who arrived prior to 2007. [ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS] MITCHELL: To say nothing of their use of the word "illegal aliens" which is offensive to a lot of people and not correct. But, Michael, the fact is, I don't know what he's talking about when they talk about the border because this has nothing to do with the border. MICHAEL STEEL, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST: The surge of folks from Central America to the border in 2014 was not related to DACA. I don't think there's a credible argument to be made that it was.
Below is a transcript of relevant portions of MSNBC Live with Velshi and Ruhle, which got the liberal ball rolling with all left-leaning guests appearing during their 11:00 a.m. time block:
Validation and User Errors in GraphQL Mutations
Konstantin Tarkus Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 8, 2016
In this blog post I would like to propose the pattern which you can use to handle user input validation and user errors in your GraphQL API server. It's based on the assumption that there is a clear distinction between system and user errors. For example, if you send a query to a GraphQL mutation endpoint with some required input arguments omitted, you would get a response similar to this one:
{
errors: [
{ message: 'Filed "createUser" argument "email" of type
"String!" is required but not provided' }
]
}
This type of errors is not supposed to be displayed to end users. It helps with debugging, error tracking etc. But it's considered to be exceptional, only happening if there is a bug or some critical run-time issue in your program.
It is often required to perform additional validation of the input parameters passed to GraphQL mutations, and provide user-friendly localized error messages in case validation fails or mutation cannot be completed successfully.
Each of these error messages should contain the name of the input argument that didn't pass validation and the reason why it failed. It would also be helpful to support multiple error messages per input field, as well as error messages that are not associated with any particular field.
So, here is how the schema of a GraphQL mutation may look like:
type Mutation {
createUser(input: CreateUserInput!): CreateUserPayload
}
type CreateUserInput {
email: String!
password: String!
}
type CreateUserPayload {
user: User
}
And here is an example GraphQL query for it:
mutation M {
createUser(input: {
email: "hello@tarkus.me",
password: "Passw0rd"
}) {
user { id email }
}
}
If the mutation fails, the GraphQL response to this query may look as follows:
{
errors: [{
message: 'Request is invalid.',
path: ['createUser'],
state: {
'': ['Failed to create a new user.'],
email: ['A user with this email already exists.']
},
...
}]
}
The state field is just an object with keys representing the names of input parameters that didn't pass server-side validation and an array of error messages for each of these keys. There is also a special case '' field that may contain one more errors that are not related to any particular input field.
In your client app, you can now grab this info, highlight the form fields that caused these errors and ask the user to fix errors and submit the form again.
Here is how a JavaScript implementation of this GraphQL mutation with form validation may look like:
The mutation code above validates the input by using validator.js library, builds an array of error messages and throws a custom error before saving data into the database. Let's see how this ValidationError class looks like:
Note: This syntax only works if you don't compile classes into ES5 code.
The purpose of this class is to reshape the list of error messages into format that can be easily consumed on the client.
And at last, you would need to tweak express-graphql middleware to include this custom errors into a response.
app.use('/graphql', expressGraphQL(req => ({
...
formatError: error => ({
message: error.message,
state: error.originalError && error.originalError.state,
locations: error.locations,
path: error.path,
}),
})));
I hope this helps. Happy coding!
For a complete example visit Node.js API Starter Kit on GitHub.
Republican plans to severely cut federal Medicaid funds by converting the program to a block grant or a per capita cap represents a severe threat to funding for home- and community-based services (HCBS), despite recent claims to the contrary.
House Republicans claim that the Affordable Care Act's (ACA) Medicaid expansion for low-income adults is squeezing out funding for services for vulnerable seniors and people with disabilities, such as HCBS.
In a related matter, the Foundation for Government Accountability blames the Medicaid expansion for some states' large waiting lists for HCBS, which give people needing long-term services and supports an alternative to nursing homes. But an analyst from the group admitted in recent House testimony that “there is no correlation” between state decisions to expand Medicaid and waiting lists for HCBS.
States have had the flexibility since 1981 to use Medicaid funds for HCBS. They can target these services to particular groups, such as people with intellectual and developmental disabilities, seniors, people with HIV/AIDS, and people with traumatic brain injuries. More than 1 million people now receive HCBS, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services estimates.
States have made dramatic progress in shifting care from institutions to the community in recent years; 53 percent of Medicaid spending on long-term services and supports went to HCBS in 2014, up from 18 percent in 1995. Due to high demand for HCBS, most states have waiting lists for these services.
The data, however, show no connection between those waiting lists and the Medicaid expansion. Nine of the 11 states without HCBS waiting lists are expansion states, and the two states with the biggest waiting lists (Texas and Florida) are non-expansion states. In fact, Texas' waiting list of over 204,000 people in 2015 represents almost one-third of the nation's total.
A block grant or per capita cap would make it far harder for states to meet the need for HCBS by cutting federal Medicaid funding by growing amounts over time. States likely wouldn't want to respond by ending coverage for people in nursing homes, even if they had the flexibility to do so (currently, states must cover nursing home care under Medicaid), because nursing home residents would likely suffer serious harm or even death without coverage. States would far likelier cut HCBS and other services for people in the community, so waiting lists would grow. Some states might even end their HCBS programs. Families would face stark choices on how to keep their loved ones at home.
In short, a block grant or a per capita cap would reverse states' progress in enabling people to remain in their homes and communities instead of having a nursing home as their only choice.
Some of the malicious software that paralyzed computer networks at major South Korean banks and TV broadcasters last week originated in the United States and three European countries, authorities in Seoul said Monday.
“We traced some IP [Internet protocol] addresses found on [affected] computer networks to overseas sources like the U.S. and a few European countries,” an official of Seoul's telecommunication regulator, the Korea Communications Commission (KCC), told the Chosun Ilbo newspaper Monday.
Yonhap news agency reported that Seoul's National Police Agency had asked the United States and three unnamed European nations to assist in the investigation by providing help in identifying the users of the IP addresses.
Three national South Korean TV broadcasters and three major banks suffered a massive cyberattack Wednesday when malicious software, or malware, wiped all the data from more than 30,000 computers, knocking bank websites offline and closing ATMs.
Following the attack, the KCC initially said it had traced the malware to a Chinese IP address, fueling speculation that North Korea might be behind the incident.
But the next day, the commission said it had been mistaken, blaming the rush to make public as much information about the attack as possible.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin Steven Terner MnuchinTreasury announces new Venezuela sanctions Trump trade chief changes terminology after president contradicts them Trump considering meeting with China's Xi next month to finish trade deal MORE on Sunday defended President Trump for launching a series of attacks against San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulín Cruz, who partially blamed stalled hurricane relief efforts on the federal government's inefficiency.
“When the president gets attacked, they attack back, and I think the mayor's comments were unfair given what the federal government has done,” Mnuchin told host Chuck Todd on NBC's "Meet the Press."
The president criticized Cruz on Twitter early Saturday, accusing the mayor of exhibiting poor leadership in the midst of the recovery efforts and claiming Puerto Rican leaders want the federal government to do everything for them.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cruz responded to the attack later Saturday, saying the hurricane relief efforts are not about politics or "petty comments," but about saving the lives of Puerto Rican residents.
"I just think [Trump] looking for an excuse for things that are not going well," they added.
Trump's tweets slamming the mayor came one day after Cruz issued an emotional plea for help, saying people are dying on the American territory and partially blaming burdensome bureaucracy for holding such efforts back.
"I will do what I never thought I was going to do. I am begging, begging anyone who can hear us to save us from dying. If anybody out there is listening to us, we are dying, and you are killing us with the inefficiency," Cruz said during a press conference on Friday.
The administration has come under fire from critics who say it is failing to help the island as a majority of its 3.4 million residents struggle with widespread power outages, collapsed infrastructure and ongoing shortages of water and supplies in Hurricane Maria's wake.
The White House has defended its response to the crisis, while some officials in Puerto Rico say the situation is turning into a humanitarian disaster.
The president is scheduled to travel to Puerto Rico on Tuesday.
Number of claims for Medicare item 597 after after-hours services were expanded in different jurisdictions. Source: Australian Family Physician Credit:Barbara de Graaff and Mark Nelson After-hours services attract a rebate up to $80 more than the standard Medicare item. The industry has argued these services save the health system more than they cost, because many of the patients would otherwise go to emergency departments, which are vastly more expensive. But the taskforce found, in its consultation report released on Wednesday, that the current structure of urgent after-hours items provided low-value care and it was not convinced the growth in home visits had a significant impact on hospital emergency departments. "The growth in provision of after-hours services appears not to be driven by increasing clinical need for these services, but has coincided with the entry of new businesses into the market with models that promote these services to consumers, emphasising convenience and no out-of-pocket costs," the report found.
"Many urgent after-hours services claimed as urgent are not truly urgent, as intended when the items were created, and the distinction between 'urgent' and 'non-urgent' appears not to be well understood by many medical practitioners." It recommended the rebate should only be payable when a GP who normally works during the day is recalled to manage a patient who needs urgent assistance. "Urgent" would be clarified to refer to an assessment that cannot be delayed until the next in-hours period and would require doctors to visit the patient or reopen their rooms. Taskforce chairperson Bruce Robinson said after-hours services were important but their current use did not reflect clinical need in Australia. "The Australian medical community recognises the need to remove MBS funding from unnecessary, outdated, ineffective and potentially unsafe services," Professor Robinson said.
"We must ensure that patients get the right test or treatment first time, every time and not be subjected to unnecessary and inappropriate care." But the National Association for Medical Deputising Services said the changes would result in rolling closures of services in regional communities and cost lives. Nearly 80 per cent of doctors employed by the providers are on a training pathway and not registered GPs, so they would not be eligible for the higher rebate and it would not make financial sense for them to do after-hours work. "Emergency departments across Australia will be flooded if these recommendations are pursued by the government because our services will have no choice but to close," association president Spiro Doukakis said. "This would be a death knell for after-hours home visits."
Research published in the Australian Family Physician last month indicated that the growth in after-hours services had not reduced the number of emergency department admissions, which continued to increase along the same trajectory they were on before the services were established. Co-author Barbara de Graaff, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Tasmania, said medical deputising services had recognised after-hours services were a good business opportunity. "As these companies have set up in new communities that's been followed by advertising, newspaper articles and you've got supplier induced demand occurring," Dr de Graaff said. "And subsequent to that you've got demand induced supply kicking in, where people are demanding access to these services in their homes." The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners president Bastian Seidel said it was appropriate that only GPs who normally worked during the day were eligible for the higher rebate.
Raw Diet Recipes: Lunch
Below you can read my favorite raw diet recipes and ideas for lunch (below). These raw recipes are all delicious and easy to prepare. And if you have friends over you can treat them to the best lunch ever. Most likely they won't know it's raw. But don't be surprised if they say how fresh and tasty your lunch is.
Enjoy!
Lettuce Wraps
Serves 4
Ingredients
1/2 cup hemp seed
1/2 cup lemon juice
1/4 cup honey or a few drops of stevia (2-3)
1 1/2 tablespoon chopped ginger
1/2 tablespoon red chili
1 tablespoon soy sauce
1 cup raw almond butter
1/2 head savoy cabbage, shredded
6 very large wild spinach leafs
1 carrot
1 ripe mango
1 handful cilantro leafs
1 handful torn basil leafs
Himalaya sea salt
Directions
Cut the carrot into into matchstick-size pieces. Cut the Mango lengthwise into strips, about 1/4 inch (1 cm) thick.
In a Vita-Mix or high-speed blender, puree the honey (or stevia), lemon juice, ginger, red chili, and soy sauce. Add the almond butter and blend at low speed to combine. You should get a rather thick consistency. (You may add water if it needs to be thinner)
In a bowl, mix the almond butter dressing with the cabbage. The best and easiest way is to do this with you hands or a large wooden spoon.
Now you need to roll the cabbage with dressing into a "lettuce" wrap. This is kind of tricky. Place the spinach leaf on a cutting board with the underside facing up. Then you put some of the cabbage mix on the leaf. Add some hemp seeds, a few sticks of carrot, a few pieces of mango, and a few leafs of cilantro and, basil.
Try to roll up and the spinach leaf, you might need to stick a cocktail stick in it to hold. Do this for all the other spinach leafs until the ingredients are gone.
Tip
This is my absolute favorite lunch dish. It's an adapted and simplified version of Pure Food & Wine's "Thai Lettuce Wraps". If you ever go to NY, I highly recommend you try them in this restaurant. If you bring this dish to a lunch or potluck, you'll be wowed!
As an alternative to putting the wraps together yourself, it's actually quite fun to let your guests put the wrap together themselves. This will save you time and it adds to social special atmosphere of your dinner
If you live in the US, you can also use collard greens instead of the spinach leafs, But I haven't found them in the Netherlands yet.
More Lunch Recipes
Sprouted bagel with salmon
Spaghetti al Marinara
Avocado Carrot Soup
Gazpacho Soup
Green powder juice
Tomato Olive Salad
3 Strawberry banana smoothies
Green Smoothies - Top 5
Thai Coleslaw
Seaweed salad
Raw French Fries
Breakfast recipes
Recipe index - over 50 raw diet recipes
Get health secrets, recipes, blog and video updates by e-mail
E-mail Address
First Name
Then
Don't worry -- your e-mail address is totally secure.
I promise to use it only to send you this Raw Food E-zine.
This content on your website or in your E-zine? You can, as long as you include this: "Esme Stevens is the president of Raw Food Europe and has the number 1 website for starters of a raw food diet: thebestofrawfood.com."
MAPLE RIDGE (NEWS1130) – If you build it, they will come. Or maybe they won't.
The Golden Ears Bridge isn't attracting as much traffic as hoped and it's costing TransLink tens of millions of dollars every year.
“The revenue we're getting from the tolls is about $35 to $45 million less than the cost that we pay to repay capital payments,” says Sani Zein, the Director of Roads for TransLink.
“That is a shortfall that we are aware of and we are accounting for it in our annual budget,” Zein adds.
The numbers were revealed during yesterday's meeting between Metro Mayors and BC Transportation Minister Todd Stone.
Included in the terms of the public private partnership under which the span was built, TransLink will continue to repay the cost of the bridge for 35 years after its 2009 opening.
The Golden Ears sees 11 million crossings between Langley and Maple Ridge every year, roughly between 32 and 37,000 trips a day, but Zein insists the span will be worth it in the long run.
“We're expecting the bridge to be serving the region for at least 100 years, so in the long term, we're very certain this will be a terrific bridge serving the region and improving connectivity but for the time being we do have a shortfall which we are funding.”
Maple Ridge Mayor Ernie Daykin is disappointed the Golden Ears Bridge isn't attracting greater numbers, but also agrees it's far too early to write it off.
“What I keep reminding myself and others, is that this is a 100 year piece of infrastructure and it takes time to build the traffic on our side of the river.”
They admit a number of factors have been working against its success.
“Having opened in '09 and some of the things that have happened around the world and with the economy and the downturn, that has, I think, a part to play in it,” they say.
“Also a part of the projections for the bridge was upwards of 400 new businesses on our side of the river. That hasn't happened yet.”
SFU City Program Director Gord Price also feels critics need to take a longer view.
“You are building these structures for 100 years, so [it's] a little early to say whether it was justified or not. We'll see how it works out.”
But they are a little surprised to see the span losing so much money.
“There's always that possibility and so it's built into the contract. No-one is going to sign a [public private partnership] unless they've got their risk covered and in the end it's always going to be the taxpayer that has to pay the risk for something like a public asset, even if it's privately built… But it's certainly higher than I would have expected.”
However, Price also feels we also have a tendency here in the Lower Mainland to overbuild, and says Vancouver's eight lane Granville Street Bridge being a prime example.
Limits to Growth, Revisited
now
Information I'm including or pointing to don't mean I necessarily agree with it. Rather, I've found it to be stimulating and worthy of consideration. I'm sure you'll exercise your own judgement... we're nothing if not independent! 8)
The above graph is adapted from. It is not a hard and fast prediction, but rather the product of a model with 40 years of high correspondence with developments. We are, at present, at the top of the growth curves, many of which have already begun to plateau. Slopes of decline do not factor in such worst-case scenarios as widespread urban- or domestic nuclear facilities collapse consequent to economic collapse.I've added the shading and 'crossover' circle' (coincident with 'peak everything') to indicate my best guess as to the high probablility zone for global, economic collapse, triggering the onset of TEOTWAWKI.I fear a hard landing... no 'reboot' or 'transition' to a lower functioning economy. I urge high priority preparationI've got a short glossary of terms at the bottom of this page... if you come across an unfamiliar term, please scroll down and check it out.
It began with a furrowed brow, a moment of puzzlement, quickly dismissed.
The date was July 19, 2009. Amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley was photographing Jupiter from their backyard observatory in Murrumbateman, Australia, when something odd caught theirs eye.
“My attention was fixed on the Great Red Spot, which was setting beautifully over Jupiter's horizon,” recalls Wesley. “I almost didn't notice the dark blemish near Jupiter's South Pole, and when I did, I put it out of my mind.” It's just another dark storm on Jupiter.
“That's what I thought at first, but something about the dark mark puzzled me, it didn't look right, and I couldn't stop stealing glances at it.”
Slowly, Jupiter's rotation turned the blemish toward Earth, Wesley got a better look at it, and the truth struck them like a thunderbolt.
It was an impact mark. Something hit the giant planet!
“I had seen the scars caused by fragments of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 hitting Jupiter in 1994, so I knew what an impact looked like,” they say. “After I'd convinced myself that this was real, I could hardly use the computer. My hands were shaking. It was quite unbelievable.”
They quickly emailed their photos to friends and colleagues around the world, and within hours telescopes great and small were turning toward Jupiter to photograph the aftermath of a powerful collision.
“We believe it was a comet or asteroid measuring perhaps a few hundred meters wide,” says Don Yeomans of NASA's Near-Earth Object Office at JPL. “If something of similar size hit Earth—we're talking about 2000 megatons of energy–there would be serious regional devastation or a tsunami if it hit the ocean.”
In a stroke of luck almost as big as Wesley's, JPL astronomers Glenn Orton and Leigh Fletcher were already scheduled to observe Jupiter on July 20th, barely a day after impact, using NASA's Infra-red Telescope Facility (IRTF) atop Mauna Kea in Hawaii. The 3-meter telescope revealed a fresh cloud of debris about the size of Mars floating among Jupiter's clouds.
“The object, whatever it was, exploded in Jupiter's upper atmosphere,” says Orton. “It blew itself to smithereens. What we're seeing now are bits and pieces of the impactor and possibly some strange aerosols formed by shock-chemistry during the impact.”
On July 23rd, the Hubble Space Telescope took its first pictures of the blast site. Hubble was still undergoing checkout and calibration following the STS-125 servicing mission in May, but this event was too big to skip. Space Telescope Science Institute director Matt Mountain allocated emergency telescope time to a team of astronomers led by Heidi Hammel of the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colorado.
As usual, Hubble photos stole the show. They revealed a swirling maelstrom of dark cindery debris jostling with natural storms near the top of Jupiter's atmosphere.
“The debris cloud is lumpy because of atmospheric turbulence,” explains planetary scientist Amy Simon-Miller of the Goddard Space Flight Center. “Polar winds blowing 25 m/s (~55 mph) are causing it to spread out and grow larger. This will make the cloud even easier to see through backyard telescopes.”
Judging from the behavior of the Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 impacts fifteen years ago, they estimate that the ‘Wesley debris cloud' could remain visible for many weeks to come. Researchers will put the time to good use. Further studies of the cloud might yet reveal the great unknown:
What hit Jupiter?
“We just don't know,” says Yeomans. “No one saw the object prior to impact.”
Indeed, there was no warning. The object emerged from darkness, unknown and uncatalogued, and—wham!—before anyone could photograph the body intact, it had become a cloud of debris. (There is a lesson here for Earth, but that is another story.)
The cloud's chemical composition holds clues to the nature of the impactor. Orton says ground-based observers are now analyzing light reflected from the cloud to figure out what it is made of. “If the spectra contain signs of water, that would suggest an icy comet. Otherwise, it's probably a rocky or metallic asteroid.”
Meanwhile, it's a big dark mystery—the kind that Wesley can't take their eyes off of. “I am still observing Jupiter almost every night using my 14.5 inch telescope,” they say. “The cloud is expanding and taking on some interesting shapes.”
“I wonder,” they say, “what will happen next?”
Share
Just because your old smartphone is a couple generations old doesn't mean it can't be put to good use. When you get down to it, even the most outdated phone is still a palm-sized computer stuffed with advanced sensor tech. So instead of throwing it away or reselling it for less than what you paid originally, why not repurpose it?
That's the idea behind Rico, an upcoming device from Palo Alto-based starup MindHelix. The device allows you to take an old smartphone and leverage its sensors, processing power, and networking capabilities to create a highly-capable home automation/monitoring system on the cheap.
But here's the kicker — Rico doesn't necessarily need a smartphone in order to function. On it's own, a slew of embedded sensors allow the device to operate as a motion detector, thermometer, humidity sensor, smoke/carbon monoxide alarm, and even an Internet access point for connected devices. If you happen to have a dusty old smartphone to put inside, however, you can give Rico a handful of additional functions. Put one inside, and the device can take advantage of your old phone's speaker, microphone, HD camera, 3G connectivity, Wi-Fi, BlueTooth, and processor.
The result is a sensor-studded smart hub that can be used for all kinds of different purposes — home security, remote monitoring and control, automation, or a hub for other connected devices. It's basically like an all-in-one smart-home hub similar to Piper or Canary, but cheaper since using your old smartphone with it eliminates the need for MindHelix to build more sensors directly into the device.
In the future, the company plans to produce it's own range of accompanying connected devices like plugs, light sockets, door locks, and proximity tags, which would further expand Rico's capabilities. For now though, they're still working on bringing the device to production. MindHelix has recently launched a Kickstarter campaign to raise money for its first production run, and has already gathered up more than a quarter of its $100K goal. If you back the project now, you can lock down a Rico for around $120-$140, which is quite a bit cheaper than most other all-in-one smart home devices. Find out more here.
KITCHENER-WATERLOO, ON (April 5, 2016) –– Residential property sales through the Multiple Listing System (MLS® System) of the Kitchener-Waterloo Association of REALTORS® (KWAR) continued to climb month over month with 584 properties sold in Kitchener-Waterloo and area. This represents a 16.3% increase compared to the March of 2015, and ranks as the highest March on record since 2010.
During the first quarter of 2016, there were 1,350 home sales, 23.9% above last year's total for the same period and 17.8% above the 5-year quarterly average and the highest quarter on record since 2010. On a monthly basis, home sales were 16.6% above the 5-year average for the month of March.
“The housing market has been thriving this first quarter across the Region,” says Charlotte Zawada, President of KWAR. “We've seen stronger than normal sales activity for the first quarter, with relatively mild weather and buyers coming out in droves, we should be in for a very busy upcoming spring market.”
March's sales included 383 single detached homes (up 11.2 %) and 110 condominium type units (up 26.4%) which include any property regardless of style (ie. semis, townhomes, apartment, detached etc). Sales also included 38 Semi-detached homes (down 2.6%) and 42 freehold townhouses (up 50.0%). The average sale price of all residential sales increased 5.8% to $371,733 compared to March 2015. Single detached style homes sold for an average price of $428,495 an increase of 9.2% compared to last year. The average sale price for an apartment style condominium was $211,117, a decrease of 11.9%. Townhomes and semis sold for an average of $284,226 (up 9.7%) and $276,562 (up 0.6%) respectively.
Sales activity in the $350,000 – $399,999 range increased significantly in the month of March with 98 homes sold in that range, a 78.2% increase from the same time last year. Year-to-date residential sales in the $300,000-$399,999 remain most popular with 490 sales to date accounting for 36.3% of all residential sales. Pushing the average sales price up for the month were increased sales in the $500,000 – $749,999 range, which posted a 31.6% increase in units sold, compared to March 2015.
The KWAR cautions that average sale price information can be useful in establishing long-term trends, but should not be used as an indicator that specific properties have increased or decreased in value. The average sale price is calculated based on the total dollar volume of all properties sold. Those requiring specific information on property values should contact a local REALTOR®.
Click HERE for the full release.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Hundreds of police officers are being deployed at London's busiest junctions during rush hour in response to an increase in road deaths.
The operation begins today after the number killed on London's roads this year surged to 29, including three cyclists, compared with 10 in the same period last year.
The victims include homeless former concert pianist Anne Naysmith, who was killed in a crash involving a lorry in Chiswick on Tuesday last week, and cyclist Federica Baldassa, 26, a fashion buyer who died in another lorry crash in Holborn on Friday, February 6.
More than 600 officers from the Metropolitan Police's Roads and Transport Policing Command (RTPC) will be deployed at key junctions and surrounding roads in rush hour during the joint Met and Transport for London (TfL) operation, which will run for six weeks.
Superintendent Robert Revill, from the RTPC, said: "Every road death or serious injury is a needless tragedy that is devastating for the victim's family and friends. We must reverse this trend.
"All road users have a responsibility for road safety and it is essential that everyone takes every step they can to keep themselves and others safe on the roads."
Drivers using mobile phone are a specific focus, along with speeding, failure to wear seat belts, cyclists jumping red lights, faulty vehicles and motorists without insurance.
Story highlights Sixty-seven percent of those polled think the Democratic party is out of touch
More than 4 in 10 Democrats say their party is out of touch
(CNN) There are lots of bad poll numbers out there for President Donald Trump these days. They have historically low job approval ratings, and nearly 6 in 10 voters believe they lack the judgment or personality to be an effective president, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
What the focus on Trump's numbers misses, however, is that Democrats aren't in a great place with voters either.
One number in the Post-ABC poll really stood out to me as something that should worry Democrats pondering the party's future: Asked whether the Democratic Party is in touch with the concerns of the average person, just 28% of respondents said it is -- as opposed to 67% who said Democrats are out of touch. Those numbers are worse than the "in touch/out of touch" numbers for either the Republican Party or Trump in that same poll.
More amazing to me is that only 52% of self-identified Democrats said their party was in touch with peoples' concerns, while 44% said it was out of touch. (Also of concern for Democrats: Fewer than 1 in 5 independents -- 18% -- said the Democratic Party was in touch with the average person.)
Those numbers -- particularly among Democrats -- are striking. Party leaders in Washington have positioned the party as the voice of the little guy since the earliest days of the Trump presidency: Their side would be the one to stand up for the disenfranchised people in the country whose lives Trump neither cared about nor even thought much about.
Read More
Electrical Energy Cost Calculator This is designed to give an idea of the costs of various daily things we do in our homes that are electrical in nature. This calculator is generic in that it assumes averages for various appliances. The cost per KWH is found at the top, the default is the national U.S. average cost per KWH $0.1099 as of January 2011 (found at U.S. Energy information Administration), but you can input whatever rate you pay per KWH found on your energy bill.
How much does it cost to wash a load of clothes or sleep under the electric blanket? What does it cost to leave a light on all night? We have collected national average values of energy use to find out how much you are paying to operate the different devices in your home. If you know the EXACT information for your device or appliance, you might want to see our equipment cost calculator for commercial use, or see our appliance cost calculator for residential use. You might also find our energy pollution calculator for additional information, and our carbon pollution calculator, interesting.
Dollars per KWH used in each calculation:
$ per KWH Lighting To find out how much your lighting costs, enter the number of bulbs you use, then choose a bulb type. (A common incandescent bulb is 60 (we have stated 60 as typical), 75 or 100 watts, and a standard fluorescent bulb is 40 (we have stated 40 as typical) or 60 watts. An outdoor spotlight or floodlight may use 150 (we have stated 150 as typical) to 500 watts. Light bulb wattage is usually printed right on the bulb. We have provided six sets of data entry fields and a wide array of lamps types for the likely event you must use different types of light bulbs. You may have to run the calculator several times for a total. # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used # Bulbs Wattage 7 (mini night light) 25 (appliance bulb) 6 (mini fluorescent) 32 (fluorescent) 40 (typical fluorescent) 60 (fluorescent) 25 (incandescent) 60 (typical incandescent) 75 (incandescent) 100 (incandescent) 150 (typical spotlight) 200 (flood-spotlight) 250 (flood-spotlight) 500 (flood-spotlight) 200 (multi-light) 300 (multi-light) 400 (multi-light) 500 (multi-light) 600 (multi-light) 800 (multi-light) 1000 (multi-light) 1500 (exterior area-light) Hours Used
All of this electrical power would cost on your electric bill. Kitchen Appliances In order to determine how much your kitchen appliances cost for general usage, select the appliances you want to calculate for by checking the Include box, or if applicable, the drop down box value, then select the amount of time the appliance will be on. (In the case of the dishwasher and coffee pot, you will enter the number of uses instead of minutes.) In this set of calculations, an electric water heater is assumed. These results are calculates using national averages for a typical device. Some devices will obviously vary. Freezer None Manual defrost, 16 cu. ft. Auto defrost, 16.5 cu. ft. Auto defrost, 21 cu. ft. Time 1 day 1 week 1 month Refrigerator Combo None Manual defrost, 12.5 cu. ft. Auto defrost, 17.5 cu. ft. Auto defrost, 21 cu. ft. Time 1 day 1 week 1 month Range, large eye,
medium temp Include Time 10 minutes 30 minutes 1 hour 15 hours 30 hours 350-Degree Oven Include Time 30 minutes 1 hour 2 hours 10 hours 20 hours Frypan, 1200 watts Include Time 30 minutes 1 hour 2 hours 10 hours Insta-Hot Water
750 watts, 1/2 Gallon Include Time 30 minutes 1 hour 2 hours 10 hours 1 day 1 week 1 month Microwave Oven None 1200 watt oven 1500 watt oven 1800 watt oven 2500 watt oven Time 5 minutes 15 minutes 30 minutes 1 hour 5 hours Dishwashing None Dishwasher, normal full cycle Dishwasher, normal, no dry Handwash (15 gals. hot water) Paper plates # Loads 1 load 5 loads 15 loads 30 loads Coffee maker Include # Pots 1 pot 5 pots 15 pots 30 pots All of this electrical power would cost on your electric bill. Laundry To estimate the cost of your laundry appliances use, select the appliances you want to include in the calculation, then select the number of loads or the amount of time for which you will be using the selected appliance. As with the dishwasher above, we are assuming the use of an electric water heater; the dryer is also assumed electric. Clothes Washer None Hot wash, warm rinse Warm wash, cold rinse cold wash, cold rinse # Loads 1 load 5 loads 15 loads 30 loads Clothes Dryer, 3/4 Full, Med. Temp. Include # Loads 1 load 5 loads 15 loads 30 loads Clothes Dryer, Full, High Temp. Include # Loads 1 load 5 loads 15 loads 30 loads Iron, Medium Temp. Include Time 1 hour 5 hours 15 hours 30 hours All of this electrical power would cost on your electric bill. Miscellaneous Appliances To establish the operating cost to use your TV, stereo, vacuum cleaner, and many other general appliances, select the appliances you want to include in the calculation, then select the amount of time for which you will be using the appliance. Vacuum Cleaner None 2 Amp 4 Amp 5 Amp 10 Amp 12 Amp 15 Amp Time 10 minutes 30 minutes 1 hour 5 hours Clock Include Time 1 day 1 week 1 month Radio Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Stereo CD Radio Tape Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Home Computer System Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours DVD CD VCR Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Small Television 13"-21" Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Console Television 21"-36" Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Large Screen Or
Projection TV To 80" Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Home Theater With Audio Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 15 hours 30 hours 60 hours 120 hours Electric Blanket Include 8 Hours Per one night seven nights thirty nights 500 Watt Furnace Fan Include Time 1 hour 10 hours 24 hours 1 week Space Heater Include Time 1 hour 8 hours 24 hours 100 hours Ceiling Fan Include Time 1 hour 8 hours 1 day 1 week 1 month Window or Room Fan Include Time 1 hour 8 hours 24 hours 100 hours Window Air Conditioner
@ 12,000 BTUH Include Time 1 hour 8 hours 24 hours 100 hours All of this electrical power would cost on your electric bill. Personal Care In this section, you can find out how much it really costs with an electric water heater to take a nice, relaxing, hot shower after a long day at work. You can also find out how much it costs to fix your hair (assuming you have hair...some of us are lucky enough not to have to worry...) in the mornings. Shower Time None 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes Number Showers 1 shower 2 showers 7 showers 30 showers 60 showers Size Bath None 25 gallons 35 gallons (typical) 45 gallons Number Baths 1 bath 2 baths 7 baths 30 baths 60 baths Razor None 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes 20 minutes Number Of Days 1 day 5 days 1 week 10 days 15 days 20 days 1 month Curling Iron None 10 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes Number Of Days 1 day 5 days 1 week 10 days 15 days 20 days 1 month Hair Dryer None 5 minutes 10 minutes 15 minutes Number of Days 1 day 5 days 1 week 10 days 15 days 20 days 1 month All of this electrical power would cost on your electric bill. Updated 6.05.11
What makes a robust public option? In trying to distinguish it from Kent Conrad's "faux" public plan, we are using the HCAN definition:
National and available everywhere: A strong public health insurance option will be a national public health insurance program, available in all areas of the country. The insurance industry is made of of conglomerates that have national reach. In order to have the clout to compete with the insurance industry and keep them honest, the public health insurance option must be national as well. Government appointed and accountable: The entire problem with private health insurance is that they aren't accountable to you or me. A public health insurance option must have a different incentive. A public health insurance option doesn't have to be a government entity necessarily, but its decision makers must be appointed by government and must be accountable to government. Bargaining clout: The whole point of health reform is to lower health care costs. Clearly, the insurance industry has failed to lower costs when left to their own devices. As the President says, we need a strong public health insurance option to lower rates, change the incentives in our health care system, and keep the industry honest. Ready on day one: The private health insurance industry has utterly failed to control health care costs or provide their customers the quality they've paid through the nose for. With one person going bankrupt every 30 seconds due to health care costs, we cannot afford to wait any longer for a real fix. We need the public health insurance option to start lowering prices now. That means no trigger.
This is distinct from Blue Cross Kay Hagan's call for the states to have "co-ops." What that means: severely limited bargaining clout. Pfizer wins.
Use the Public Plan Whip Tool
LONDON, May 31 (Reuters) - Monaco Grand Prix winners Mercedes can triumph again this season and must not let a tyre-testing controversy distract them, Lewis Hamilton said on Friday.
“I really do feel that this team is just going to continue to improve through the year,” the 2008 Formula One world champion said at a promotional media day for next month's British Grand Prix at Silverstone.
“Once we understand these tyres more, which we will eventually get to, then I think another win is definitely on the books,” they told Sky Sports News television.
Mercedes won in Monaco with Germany's Nico Rosberg, who also secured the team's fourth successive pole position, while Hamilton finished fourth. The victory was Mercedes's first since China in April last year.
The victory was clouded, however, by the revelation that Mercedes had tested with Pirelli earlier in the month without telling other teams and seemingly in breach of the sporting regulations that ban teams from in-season testing.
After a protest by world champions Red Bull and Ferrari, the governing International Automobile Federation (FIA) is now considering whether to send the matter to an international tribunal that could impose heavy sanctions.
Mercedes and Pirelli have both denied doing anything underhand or gaining any competitive advantage over rival teams from the Barcelona test.
“I think it's important that we just stay focused and don't be distracted by a lot of stuff that's around us,” said Hamilton, who made their F1 debut in 2007 when McLaren were fined a record $100 million and excluded from the constructors' championship for a spying controversy involving Ferrari data.
“It's so easy to do that (be distracted), and especially for the drivers and the team when we are at the track,” continued the Briton, who is in their first season with Mercedes after leaving McLaren.
“I think it's important we just keep our minds clear and just keep doing the job at hand.” (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
Alex's dad is a car builder, so they have gasoline in their veins since very early age. After participating at numerous events helping daddy with their hot rods, Alex's parents decided to get them a car. The 1968 Camaro was originally for their mother, but eventually became Alex's “Badmaro“.
The Story Of Alex Taylor & Them Insane Chevy Camaro.
Back in 2013 at the age of 16 they attended the Hot Rod Drag Week as the youngest driver ever to enter the event competing with their naturally aspirated LS1 powered muscle car. Quite cool right? Well, this is just the beginning. In 2014 Alex stepped their game up and came back to Drag Week with a brand new 6.0 liter LS motor with a sweet set of 66mm turbos. And the coolest part is they go to school with this monster Chevrolet Camaro every single day.
Check out the video to see them and their dad at the drag strip. Watch, Enjoy & Share!
Also on Hot Cars: 16 year old girl at Byron Dragway with Killer 69′ Camaro
461 Shares
Opening Day for the Saints is this Thursday, May 18th at CHS Field in St. Paul. This season also marks their 25th Anniversary, along with the same anniversary of their first league championship. The team is coming off a 2016 North Division title and another year that saw a record number of fans pass through the gates.
Coming out to the ballpark for the first game of the year with an unrelenting hope for our favorite team is what all baseball fans look forward to all winter, and it sounds like we're not alone. “It doesn't matter what level you're at Opening Day is great. Especially when the weather is like this. I can't wait. I wish the offseason wasn't so long.” said Saints Manager George Tsamis after the team's first workout of the year.
Image courtesy of Image courtesy of Szer Design
HitInAPinch likes this
Regular season success and the numerous records broken by the team over the last two years at CHS Field are big reasons for optimism for this year's squad. With a returning core of solid players and a few solid offseason acquisitions the team has nothing but a championship on their mind.“Your goal every year is to win a championship, we've had a couple good years and came up short in the playoffs. You need to give credit to the teams that beat us, we lost to two really good teams the last couple of years.” said Tsamis.Having an opening day rotation that is stacked, to say the least, is certainly a good start toward reaching that goal. Mark Hamburger, Robert Cole, John Straka, Kramer Sneed, and Eric Veglahn return to form one of the best opening day rotations the league has ever seen.On the offensive side of the ball, power may be the name of the game for our boys this year. New additions Brady Shoemaker and Kyle Roller, along with returning vets Nate Hanson and Tony Thomas, all have double digit homer potential. Shut-down pitching and big bats should keep the team in almost every game this year, along with making them extremely fun to watch every night.One quick note about the team's Opening Day roster. If I've learned one thing from watching this team closely for the last few seasons, the roster will change - and quickly at times. From injuries to players being signed by a major league team, it changes. Manager George Tsamis is and always has been committed to helping their players take the next step in their career, while also putting the best team on the field every night to bring try to a title back to St. Paul.There is one big change to note in the South Division of the American Association for the 2017 season. It was announced earlier this month that the Laredo Lemars will not be operating in the AA this season. They will be replaced by the Salina Stockcade operating out of Salina, Kansas.The only changes to the schedule due to the team swap is the Saints will now play Salina in the beginning of June at Depot Stadium, the home of the Cleburne Railroaders. And, Salina will play at CHS field in late July when Laredo was originally supposed to visit St. Paul.As you would expect, this year's promotion schedule is highlighted by the Saints 25th Anniversary season. Included in the celebration and fun are five bobble head giveaways featuring Saints greats from the past. Ila Borders, Bill Murray and Kevin Millar, JD Drew, Jack Morris and Darryl Strawberry all get the honor.Kicking off the season is Mary Tyler Moore Night. The first 6000 fans through the gates will receive a Moore-style tam hat. Then everyone will be encouraged to toss them in the air together after the second inning when the opening to their show will be played on the video screen. It should be a great tribute to the late star.The Monday Night Variety Show promotion, which features a different local celebrity guest MC and musical act, is back and has an impressive list of guest stars, including Fancy Ray, Nick Swardson, Chris Hawkey and Tom Barnard.Then on Tuesday, August 22th the Saints take their Fun is Good motto to a whole new level with The World's Largest Game of Twister. Yes, Twister on a baseball field. After the game that night, all fans will be invited on to the field, along with Saints players and staff, to play the classic game. From foul line to foul line the outfield grass will be turned into a giant game board. Consisting of 70,896 game squares, 17,724 of each color, all 7 inches in diameter just like the real game.On Wednesday, May 17th the Saints are holding their annual World's Largest Game of Catch in celebration of the upcoming season. The event is located on Jackson Street between 5th and 6th Streets in Lowertown, from 11:30am-1:00pm.Fans can meet the team and coaches, get autographs, and even get the chance to play a game of catch with them. Everyone in attendance will receive a soft baseball with the Saints logo on it. And don't worry if you haven't thrown a ball for a while, Sister Ros will also be on hand to massage out any kinks you may have, as befits their Christian ministry. This is also when the Saints reveal this year's new ball pig and its name chosen from fan submissions.The Saints open the regular season Thursday, May18th in St. Paul with a four-game set against the Gary Southshore Railcats. The local nine swept Gary to open the season last year and are a combined 8-0 in opening series at CHS Field. Can you say home field advantage?The promotion highlights include the above-mentioned Mary Tyler Moore Night, followed by Harley Night and Friday Night Fireworks, featuring the music of punk rock. Star Wars Night is on Saturday. And the always popular, Bring Your Dog to the Park Day rounds out a fun-filled weekend.
Students at the University of Michigan have seen their personal-safety app, Companion, grow tremendously, with tens of thousands now using the app to stay safe at night. IBT Tens of thousands of people around the world are now using a free personal-safety mobile app that allows friends to virtually walk you home at night.
The Companion app, created by five students from the University of Michigan, enables users to request a friend or family member to keep them company virtually and track their journey home via GPS on an online map.
Although they can do so, the friend or family member does not need to have installed the Companion app, which is available for both Android and iOS.
The user can send out several requests to different phone contacts in case people are not available to be a companion or not with their phones at the time.
Those contacted then receive an SMS text message with a hyperlink in it that sends them to a web page with an interactive map showing the user walking to their destination. If the user strays off their path, falls, is pushed, starts running, or has their headphones yanked out of their phone, the app detects these changes in movement and asks the user if they're OK.
If the user is fine, they press a button on the app to confirm within 15 seconds. If they do not press the button, or a real emergency is occurring, the Companion app transforms the user's phone into a personal alarm system that projects loud noises to scare criminals from the scene, and gives you the option to instantly call the police.
Contacting university campus police
As the app was originally designed to aid students in walking home at night across university campuses. If the user calls 911, the app will also alert the person's relevant university campus safety department within the US, but this feature is only applicable to universities that have signed up to work with Companion.
At the same time, the app will send an alert to the contact who is keeping you company, and that person can choose to call the police and give them your location, as well as call you to find out if you are OK.
People in other countries can still use the app by entering their phone number, together with country code. In an emergency, the app will call the police and send SMS text messages to chosen companions.
"We've had a lot of people outside the US downloading the app. Since we launched, we've had dozens of emails from people in the US, as well as many other countries like the UK, Belgium, France, and Norway," Lexie Ernst, cofounder of the Companion app and a senior at the University of Michigan who is majoring in business with a minor in computer science, told IBTimes UK.
"Both men and women from all demographics have emailed us saying they'd love to use the app. Lots of parents want to use the app for their children, and some people want their elderly parents to use it, too, to make sure they don't get lost."
Working out where people feel most unsafe
The Companion app asks you to confirm you are OK if the phone is dropped or the user is pushed or falls. Users can also call the police or set off an alert system that makes a loud noise to dissuade animals or attackers. Companion
On top of calling the police and alerting their chosen companion, users can also select an "I am nervous" button in the app, which tells the app where and when they feel unsafe. Companion's creators said that in just one week after launching the second version of their app, they collected 500 incidents where students across multiple university campuses felt unsafe.
The team plans to collate this data and provide the information to campus security so that they can be aware of areas where trouble might occur, and, in the future, users will be able to specify why exactly they feel unsafe. "Many people aren't even aware that their school has a campus safety department. In future, people can specify what makes them nervous and why, and we hope to open a dialogue between campus safety departments and students," said Ernst.
Many people have emailed the Companion team asking them to hook up their local campus security team to the service, and Companion is currently working with several big universities around the US.
As the app is meant to remain as a free product for users, the creators are monetising the app by working with universities. They hope to eventually connect every single university's campus police in the country to their app, as well as eventually connecting local police departments and emergency responders.
Two quotes are associated with Angela Merkel's third term as chancellor. In the summer of 2015, when masses of refugees arrived in Germany, Merkel declared: "We can do this." The other famous statement they made referred to the revelation that the NSA had monitored their personal mobile phone: "Spying among friends - that is simply not done." If anyone searches the line in German on the internet, the Google results for the two lines differ greatly: There are about 1.6 million listings for the refugee policy quote and only 25,000 for the NSA scandal line.
The great difference unexpectedly, but clearly, reflects the perceived public relevance of the two subjects. Refugees still play a large role - in politics and in everyday life. The fact that intelligence agencies systematically spy on private lives has more or less become a topic for experts. The uproar over Edward Snowden's revelations dwindled down within a year, more or less.
High-ranking witnesses
The German NSA inquiry committee has been meeting for the past three years. No one seems to be interested in its work unless high-ranking witnesses appear, like former foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier; the former head of the chancellery, Ronald Pofalla; their successor, Peter Altmaier, or the former president of the foreign intelligence agency, the BND, Gerhard Schindler.Now, Merkel will contribute to the evidence being taken by the inquiry committee. After that, the final report will be written and it will contain the statements and comments made by over 100 witnesses and experts who have testified. The report must be completed by the second half of June.
Altmeier, the head of the chancellory, already has the witness questioning behind him, unlike their boss, Merkel
The name Merkel will probably appear often in this enormous work. Nonetheless, German members of parliament do not expect much from the chancellor's testimony. Why would they know more about NSA activities than their specialists? Last Monday it becomes clear how little they allegedly knew about tapping the phones of allies when secret service commissioner Klaus-Dieter Fritsche; Altmaier and Merkel's spokesperson Steffen Seibert, expressed their views on the matter.
How was Merkel's second most famous line meant?
The actual or staged unawareness can sum up in one line. Klaus-Dieter Fritsche said: "If you do not have any clues to ask about, then you do not ask." Yet many questions are still unanswered. Who knew - and when - that the BND, and not just the NSA, eavesdropped on allies? Why did the chancellery not know about it? After all, it is responsible for supervising Germany's foreign intelligence service. Merkel must prepare for these questions when they take the witness stand at the inquiry committee. Above all, the members of parliament want to know what they meant by: "Spying among friends - that is simply not done."
Was it true indignation? Or was it a tactical move in the hope that the commotion would soon subside? The Social Democrats' chairperson in the inquiry committee, Christian Flisek, suspects that Merkel had put up a "protection barrier" around themselves in order to find out as little as possible about the behavior of intelligence agencies and that Fritsche was probably enlisted as their "personal firewall." However, Flisek had expected Merkel to make the NSA/BND affair a matter for the boss. The opposition also accuses the chancellor of lacking the will to solve the case.
Ströbele at the first of many NSA investigation committee hearings in April 2014
Green Party member Hans-Christian Ströbele is firmly convinced that "Merkel had a lot of information." On the one hand, they hope for "truth, clarity and credibility" when they take the stand before the inquiry committee. On the other hand, they expect flimsy answers to their questions and the questions of other parliamentarians "because we are in an election campaign." That is what Ströbele suggested at the beginning of the NSA/BND affair a few months before German parliamentary elections in 2013. Merkel's then-head of the chancellery declared the whole affair to be over after a meeting of the Parliamentary Control Board for Secret Services.
From the opposition's point of view, they wanted to keep information about the actual scale of the spying activities out of the election campaign. Whatever the motives were at that time, it seems like things went Merkel's way. The affair will be remembered for that one line. Martina Renner, chairperson of the Left Party in the inquiry committee, is annoyed. They have called it one of the greatest intelligence scandals with minimal consequences.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. intelligence official has ordered tighter restrictions on how the names of Americans kept secret in intelligence reports can be revealed during presidential transitions, according to documents seen by Reuters.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats arrives for a closed classified briefing for members of the House of Representatives on North Korea and Afghanistan on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., September 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
The move follows unsubstantiated charges by President Donald Trump and their allies that their predecessor's administration spied on Trump and improperly “unmasked” the identities of their associates during the 2016 presidential campaign and transition.
Current and former senior U.S. intelligence officials who have reviewed the documentation dispute those claims by the president.
In September, the U.S. Justice Department said in a court filing that it had no evidence to support the president's claim that President Barack Obama ordered surveillance of their Trump Tower campaign headquarters.
In a Nov. 30 letter sent to Representative Devin Nunes, Republican chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, and other top lawmakers, the Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said the new unmasking policy is due by Jan. 15.
Nunes was among the first to charge that U.S. intelligence agencies collected information on Americans involved in Trump's transition team. A Nunes spokesperson declined comment.
Coats wrote that the new policy will reinforce existing procedures that “make clear that IC (intelligence community) elements may not engage in political activity, including dissemination of U.S. person identities to the White House, for the purpose of affecting the political process of the United States.”
“In addition, this policy will require heightened levels of approval for requests made during a Presidential transition when those requests relate to known members of a President-elect's transition team,” Coats wrote in the letter, which was sent to the top Republicans and Democrats on the Intelligence and Judiciary committees in both the House and Senate.
A spokesperson for Coats had no comment.
Reuters has also reviewed a draft presidential order that, if enacted, would make similar changes to unmasking procedures that relate to presidential transitions.
The draft Trump order can be seen at ( tmsnrt.rs/2jrkbHz )
A White House spokesperson declined to comment on the four-page draft presidential order, which is undated. It is unclear if Trump will sign the document in addition to the new policies Coats has ordered.
U.S. intelligence agencies are barred from eavesdropping on Americans' communications without warrants. However, information involving U.S. citizens sometimes is incidentally collected in the monitoring of foreign intelligence targets. In such cases, the Americans' identities are anonymized with labels such as “U.S. Person No. 1.”
“Unmasking” occurs when an authorized U.S. policymaker requests the name of an American to help understand the value of the foreign intelligence. A policymaker also can request an unmasking when the information concerns a crime.
Unmasking requests already are subjected to extensive reviews by multiple officials before they are approved.
For unmasking requests made between a U.S. presidential election and Inauguration Day, the draft presidential order states, the request now would have to say whether the official making it believed or knew it involved a member of the president-elect's transition team.
Moreover, if the request is approved, the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and Senate intelligence committees would have to be informed.
A request also would have to be approved by the top lawyer of the U.S. intelligence agency that disseminated the original intelligence report.
While Coats, in their letter, said the new policies are intended to keep politics out of intelligence issues, some current and former officials said the draft presidential order could do the opposite.
“If this executive order is implemented as written, or worse if it's written into law, it is not only an infringement on the political independence of the intelligence community, but it will endanger our ability to work with our allies, who may fear we've been drafted into a political party,” said one U.S. official familiar with the issue, speaking on condition of anonymity.
It appears that the Trump administration is trying to streamline, systematize, and memorialize the unmasking process, said Christopher Swift, a Georgetown University law professor and partner at Foley & Lardner LLP.
“But these same procedures might also be used to identify pending national security investigations and insert the White House into these decisions,” Swift said via email.
The Senate will take up a bill "sometime this year" to raise the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10, according to a top Senate Democratic aide. In the House, a Republican leadership aide pointed to three items that GOP leaders say will help the poor: a welfare reform reauthorization bill, the Supporting Knowledge and Investing in Lifelong Skills Act and a renewed focus on education. The problem is, none of those proposals have bipartisan support. The author of the minimum wage bill, Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), has been predicting GOP resistance from the moment they introduced their bill. "Republicans will throw up a smokescreen about it costing jobs," they said at the bill's unveiling. The House Republican proposals, meanwhile, lack Democratic support, and their effectiveness is questionable. The welfare reform bill only targets 4 million of the nation's 46 million working poor, and the SKILLS Act, which would consolidate more than 30 workforce development programs into a single fund, would actually make it harder for vulnerable groups like the elderly and disabled to access job training, according to the White House Office of Management and Budget.
It's no particular secret that politicians do a much better job representing the interests of the wealthy than those of the poor. And Congress is doing a great job demonstrating that, with Republicans backing plans that will make things worse for poor people and even most Democrats only offering small-bore anti-poverty proposals (in part, but not entirely, because Republicans will block anything bigger). Jennifer Bendery runs through how bad the situation is "Their effectiveness is questionable" is a polite way to say "they're counterproductive if your goal isthe poor," obviously.
While it's Republicans actively blocking good policies and fighting for terrible ones, there are powerful reasons even many Democratic politicians aren't exactly throwing their hearts and souls and political capital into anti-poverty policies. As Mark Sumner reminded us Sunday:
Worried about the 1 percent? Don't be. Worry about the 0.05 percent. That's the percentage of Americans who maxed out their contribution to any political candidate in the last election. Or the 0.01 percent who made contributions of $10,000 or more. That's the number of Americans who actually show up on the radar of politicians. But those are only flyspecks on the screen. Save your real worry for the 0.000042 percent. That's 132 people. Those 132 people provided 60 percent of all the money that ended up in Super PACs.
Getting Republicans out of a position to block good legislation like increasing the minimum wage so that working people are less likely to also be poor people would be a great start. But to really make policy as likely to work for the poor (and working class, and middle class) as for the wealthy, we'd have to get big money out of politics.
Ever since Donald Trump was caught saying the P-word, conservative evangelical leaders have been feverishly trying to distance themselves from him. It's been particularly interesting to see blog posts by religious right leaders declaring the demise of the religious right as though they were never a part of it. Nobody wants to be labeled religious right just like nobody wants to be called a fundamentalist. It's true that the religious right is not a theological monolith. It includes Pentecostals, Baptists, Calvinists, Catholics, and other Christians whose unified front is that they vote against two things: the queer “agenda” and abortion.
The “family values” voting bloc that has organized around these two issues has been instrumental in completely transforming our political landscape over the past three decades. “Compromise” became a bad word. Negotiating with Democrats became analogous to having the lukewarm faith that Jesus spits out of their mouth in Revelation, even though making that analogy has no legitimate basis in biblical teaching. Throughout the New Testament epistles, the early Christians were exhorted to seek political harmony with the people around them. Paul says in Romans 12:18, “Insofar as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone.” 1 Peter 2:17 says, “Honor everyone. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the emperor.”
But in the twisted logic of the religious right, negotiating with your political opponents is a form of apostasy. Without the religious right, Republicans would be a group of pragmatic capitalists who believed in law and order but were capable of rational conversation with those who fight for the poor and every demonized other. That's what “conservative” means in almost every other country. The idea that it's a betrayal to do anything bipartisan has its source in the religious right's conflation of religious orthodoxy with political ideology.
This attitude has had tremendous consequences. Democrats are no longer people with different priorities who need to be understood in order to work well together. They are godless humanists who need to be annihilated politically. Even engaging their ideas seriously is a form of unacceptable compromise. Thus the focus becomes discrediting their character in order to dismiss their ideas. Having a philanderer in the White House during the nineties certainly fueled this fire.
When politics becomes a game of discrediting character rather than debating policy, scoundrels like Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, Dinesh D'Souza, and Sean Hannity gain their power. In the last three decades, a multi-billion dollar outrage industrial complex has cropped up that doesn't really have a precedent in American history. Rumors and lies are circulated without any consequences for the hucksters who profit from them. When one lie is disproven, the source can invent a new lie the next day without any loss of credibility. And millions of conservative evangelical Christians have consumed and bankrolled this culture of unrepentant false witness, all the while clucking about the need to defend absolute truth from moral relativism.
I realize that both sides play dirty and exploit the media's addiction to scandal. But the religious right's moral sanctimony has made a unique contribution to the hideousness of our political sphere. It has utterly vaporized the long-standing pragmatism that was always a definitive hallmark of American civil discourse. And it has been a terrible witness to the gospel of Jesus Christ. I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that millions of people have been lost to Christ because of how the religious right has poisoned our country's politics. Christians are not called to political triumphalism; we are called to long-suffering witness. In countries where Christians don't have political power, the church is thriving.
So when I see religious right leaders pretending like they never were part of the religious right, it makes me very suspicious and cynical. I'll believe the religious right is dead when I see the Gospel Coalition allow space in its platform for open dialogue with Christians who believe differently. I'll believe the religious right is dead when Russell Moore sits down with the queer black Christian women who started Black Lives Matter with the expectation that they have something to teach him. I'll believe the religious right is dead when Al Mohler starts denouncing every lie they encounter about Hillary Clinton simply because they believe in absolute truth. I hope that I'm surprised to find genuine repentance instead of strategic pivoting and rebranding. But I'm not holding my breath.
by Brett Stevens on August 24, 2016
The weak link in the chain of logic that supports minority protests against the majority, from Black Lives Matter to A Day Without A Mexican, is that beyond guilt, minority groups have nothing to offer the majority. It is this way in any society where a majority group, no matter what race, presides over minority groups.
If all non-whites vanished tomorrow — hopefully instantly repatriated without harm — what would happen to whites in America and Europe?
Our labor costs would go up, but we have millions of unemployed. We might have fewer doctors, but we would have far fewer patients. Construction jobs would go back to white guys. Cost would rise, at the level of what is paid, but would also fall as social welfare systems found themselves with far fewer recipients.
Would our cultural diversity perish? No, because we have museums and recipe books, and can do what others do. Would we lose vibrant diversity? Most white people seem to have fled it, except for the ethnic restaurants and kumbaya social events. Would we lose friends and neighbors? — undoubtedly, but most people socialize within their own groups.
In short, nothing would change after a brief adjustment period, and rising costs would be met by falling taxes and lower externalized costs from a failing social apparatus. Whites would lose nothing. Minority groups — assuming they were not harmed — would gain, as in their own countries they could live by the standards of their cultures, values and religions, and have something more important: pride in themselves and a sense of shared purpose.
This is the shrieking fear hidden behind these protests. Minority groups are not needed. We will carry on as we have always carried on, building nations and creating civilizations that fit us. Any momentary inconveniences would be offset by a restoration of our own pride and sense of command over our destinies.
What does this leave for minority groups? Only guilt: a type of projected shame on us for being prosperous and having built great civilizations. And what purpose does guilt serve? It is retroactive, and acts only to destroy those who wish to rise above the norm by artificially humbling them.
America and Europe are awakening to the emptiness of multiculturalism. We can cut our own lawns, make our own kebabs, and build our own houses. We would lose guilt and the lower social trust environment that diversity creates, and feel pride in ourselves again.
What have we got to lose?
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Synopsis
From award-winning author, Mike Bennett, comes Hall of Mirrors: Tales of Horror and the Grotesque. Here you will find stories of Hell and damnation, ghosts, madness, murder, vampires, bizarre hair restoration disasters, and … pigeons, among other things. Hall of Mirrors is a collection of modern gothic tales with a nail of dark humour hammered through its heart; horrible, grotesque and hilarious. So roll up, ladies and gentlemen, and enter the Hall of Mirrors - if you dare.
A modern master of horror, dark comedy, and creepy psychological thrillers. I won't compare them to anyone else because quite frankly, in my humble opinion, he's head and shoulders above them all. Daniel Shaurette. Out of the Coffin Podcast.
Hall of Mirrors - The Collected Stories, is a combination of the two previously available Podiobooks podcasts, Hall of Mirrors Volumes One and Two.
Maryland basketball's 2018 class is officially three.
Five-star power forward Jalen Smith, who pledged to Maryland in June, has officially signed their National Letter of Intent.
Surrounded by teammates Jalen Smith @JalenSmith2000 signs their letter of intent to university of Maryland @TerrapinHoops pic.twitter.com/oB6Yq8enS1 — MSJ Basketball (@MSJ_Basketball) November 8, 2017
Smith is the No. 22 overall player and No. 6 power forward in the Class of 2018. He's Maryland's highest-rated in-state commit since recruiting rankings came into existence. The Terps have now secured blue-chippers from Mount Saint Joseph in Baltimore in back-to-back years, as Smith will join 2017 signee and current Maryland first-year student guard Darryl Morsell.
Maryland has now officially signed all three of its verbal commitments in the 2018 class. Small forward Aaron Wiggins signed in the morning, while Smith and point guard Eric Ayala were announced Wednesday evening. This trio currently makes up the nation's No. 6 recruiting class, and there are still two scholarships available.
All three players project to be factors in College Park for several years, and Smith's ceiling is as high as any. Their name and Maryland's have been connected for years, and he'll officially be with the Terps next season.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mr Trump said their legal challenge was for the people of Scotland
Donald Trump will be launching a legal challenge "fairly soon" over the Scottish government's decision to grant planning permission for a wind farm off the Aberdeenshire coast.
The US tycoon told BBC Scotland they were going ahead with the action for the people of Scotland.
Mr Trump opposes the development because they say it will spoil the views from their Menie estate golf course.
Ministers believe renewable energy is essential for Scotland's economy.
This is a travesty - what's happening in Scotland, one of the most beautiful places on earth Donald Trump
Mr Trump said they had already hired "excellent" lawyers.
"They are as incensed as I am and as many people in Scotland are," they said.
"This isn't just Donald Trump. We have thousands of people all over Scotland that are absolutely incensed.
"I probably started that because I said something can be done about this."
They added: "This is a travesty - what's happening in Scotland, one of the most beautiful places on earth.
"We have hired a law firm and we will start the process "fairly soon".
The American business person had previously said their 140-bedroom hotel at Menie would only proceed if plans for the wind farm did not go ahead.
The £230m wind farm development consists of 11 wind turbines and is aimed at providing enough energy for more than 49,000 homes.
The European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre (EOWDC) project is a joint venture by utility company Vattenfall, engineering firm Technip and Aberdeen Renewable Energy Group (Areg).
The Scottish government said the centre would allow offshore wind developers and supply chain companies to test "cutting edge" wind technology before its commercial deployment.
THREE PURCHASING EXPERIENCES
There are three main types of golf club purchasing. They have been in place since decades and are likely to stay the way they are. What will change is their significance compared to each others and how the offer is supplied. So what are these 3 ways?
The retail: Manufacturers put off the rack golf clubs in stores (physical and online)
The second hand: Buying previously-owned equipment
The custom-made: Clubfitters and Clubmakers analyse golfer's need and build unique clubs
How was it in 2007?
To guess how it will be lets have a look at how it was.
Back in the early 2000, the retail was the uncontested leading way to put your hands on your new set of clubs. The business was flourishing at the time, both for manufacturers and retailers. Online purchasing was not yet the norm and marketing endorsement was still a winning strategy.
The second-hand market was already a thing, powered by the huge level of production from manufacturers and mostly happened in stores at the time.
The custom-made golf clubs were marginal. It was mainly developed in the US (around 20% market shares) because of a larger number of clubfitters/clubmakers but was almost inexistant in many other countries. At the time golfers were only receiving the manufacturer's message (through top players endorsement and distribution network) and were not really aware of custom-making's benefits.
How is it now? (2017)
Retail has lost much of its supremacy. While it is still the number one worldwide seller, the second-hand and the custom-made markets are becoming more and more importants.
Internet has a major impact in that change. Not only it provides a new way to sell old golf clubs to other golfers (on second-hand websites or Facebook groups), it is also a new way for golfers to collect information.
With this new access to information golfers of the world have transparent data about what exists on the market, what makes a good golf club and how it should be customized. With this common knowledge golfers are able to find exactly what they want on the second-hand market and are more incentivized to visit their local clubfitter/clubmaker for a custom-made set of clubs.
The second-hand market has expended a lot with the rise of internet especially last years with facebook golf communities growing. It is now easier than ever to find almost any existing club at a fair price on these platforms.
On the other hand the custom-made option has grown but is still reserved to an elite of golfers due to the relative low number of talented clubfitters/clubmakers and the high prices. Many parts of the world still don't have proper clubfitting and clubmaking facilities.
How will it be? (2027)
The retail's crash
Today's trends in golf equipment are clearly not in favor of traditional retail. In golf even more than in any other industry people are looking for exclusiveness and singularity. Off the rack retail may still exist, specially for new golfers, but will become marginal as all golfers will have access to the right equipment (which can't be standardized).
This wider access to right equipment will come from the rise of the second-hand and custom-making markets.
The second-hand sophistication
The second-hand market is already big today because of the supply available and the online trading platforms among golfers. The supply will continue to grow but will find its peak quite soon. Indeed as the manufacturers are in bad shape the production volumes will much likely decrease in the upcoming years.
However this volume are so big that there will still be a lot of supply by 2027. And by this time the online trading platforms will be even more efficient (worldwide trading, better control of the quality, easy shipping). This will make it easier than ever to find any golf club at a very good price.
Custom-Making at scale
Two technologies will make it possible: 3D printing and robotic. 3D printing is perfect to build the clubheads with a unique weight distribution in every piece. Robotic on the other hand can easily assemble the clubs (shaft, head and grip) faster, better and (in the end) cheaper than humans.
Custom-making also requires the fitting science (analyzing a golfer and defining their needs) which might be harder but not impossible to robotize. Future evolutions in launch monitoring will make it possible for small and cheap connected devices to get precise information and then send it to the custom-manufacture for production.
GOOD NEWS
This is great for us golfers. The communication among us has never been better and will continue to grow. Buying golf clubs will always keep a part of irrationality and spontaneity, we love the brands, we love the design and quite often we act with our hearts more than our heads. Still the increased consciousness among us will kill the bullshit (I don't even have to describe it) and manufacturers will focus their efforts on sharing real stories and creating stunning designs if they want to convince us.
It is also good for business. The rise of the second-hand and custom-making markets will create new opportunities for business to start and grow.
On the second-hand market for example there could be a high-end platform (Vestiaire Collective like) that gathers the used golf clubs, controls the quality (can even re-chrome some clubs) and ensure the shipping. It may even offer fitting service to study one golfer's need and find in its base the exact club needed. Such a premium second-hand platform will reassure golfers on quality of previously-owned equipment and get a lot of value on this growing market.
The other opportunity is for the clubfitters and clubmakers. There is a lot of room for young ones to play the game. In places like Russia and Middle-East for example, where there are a lot of high contribution golfers there are almost no fitting facility. Even in places where there are fitters and clubmakers, many of them don't communicate much on their activity and there is an opportunity for business people to help the tech guys grow.
All the troubles today in the golf club industry are very exciting and predict a fascinating battle. In my opinion the challenge is to master the new technologies at scale to make custom golf clubs available to the mass. This requires to change almost everything in the way traditional manufacturers are operating. This is why I believe it is a new entrant, start-up style, who will disrupt this entire industry.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Los Angeles firefighters were on the scene of a possible underground vault explosion that left debris strewn across a street in South Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The incident occurred around 3:27 p.m. in the 6200 block of South Brynhurst Avenue in the Hyde Park neighborhood, according to the Los Angeles Fire Department.
Video shot by residents in the neighborhood shows a large hole in the middle of the street. At least two man-hole covers appeared to have been blown off.
"We heard a loud boom. They didn't know if it was a gas explosion; we've never heard anything like that," said Sheri Timmons, a resident. "We could just smell some sort of gas."
Another resident said they felt the explosion as a "mini earthquake."
Officials from the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power and SoCal Gas were notified and arrived on the scene to assess the situation, the Fire Department said.
"We believe it's electrical in nature," said fire Battalion Chief Chris Larson. "We have DWP coming out to determine the nature and the extent of damage and the cause of the initial explosion."
No injuries have been reported, authorities added, but a parked SUV had its back window shattered.
A representative with DWP told KTLA late Wednesday that the utility had not determined if its equipment was involved.
"We had no outages on the high voltage lines running through that vault," spokesperson Joseph Ramallo said in an email. "No apparent cause or indication that our equipment caused the blast at this point."
LAFD initially described the neighborhood affected as West Adams; it is Hyde Park.
There is a popular story making its way around the web about a Chinese zoo that allegedly decided to name a newborn gorilla “Harambe McHarambeface” after opening up the naming process to a popular vote on social media.
Despite the fact that there's nearly every indication that the story is a hoax, it's the sort of hoax that the internet loves. It's got baby animals, references to Boaty McBoatface, and most importantly, it's breathing new life into 2016's unkillable meme of the year: Harambe the gorilla.
By now you're probably familiar with Harambe, the 17-year-old Western lowland gorilla shot and killed at the Cincinnati Zoo earlier this year after they attacked a three-year-old boy who'd managed to climb into their enclosure. Harambe's death sparked an ideological battle between those who thought the zoo shouldn't have killed the rare animal and those who thought the little boy's life was more valuable than Harambe's.
In a perfect world, Harambe's death would have led to a rigorous debate about zoo safety precautions, much in the same way that Cecil the Lion's death sparked international outrage about big game hunting. Instead, we got memes. Lots of memes. And also lots of music: In the months after the incident, tribute songs to Harambe racked up millions of views on YouTube, and rapper Young Thug decided to immortalize them in a track from their Jeffrey mixtape.
On the surface, this all seems innocuous enough. But there's another side to Harambe's popularity—one inexorably tied to racist ideas about black people, Africa, and gorillas—that plays a large, troubling role in the memes' collective staying power.
As Vox recently pointed out, there was was a brief moment early in the Harambe news cycle when a number of black people used the then-nascent meme to draw attention to the disproportionate amount of attention the public gave to a slain gorilla as compared to the attention given to the killing of black and brown people.
Yet as time has passed, whatever potential Harambe had as a subject for cultural critique has given way to “jokes” like Dicks Out For Harambe and Harambe Did 9/11. The punchlines of these memes are ostensibly rooted in the idea that Harambe's getting a kick out of their legacy as they watch on from gorilla heaven. In reality, though, these jokes are all about using “Harambe” as a shorthand for black people and openly mocking them without fear of being labeled as racist.
Last month, comedian Kumail Nanjiani pointed this idea out after voicing their distaste for the continued popularity of Harambe jokes, prompting a number of people to “well, actually” them with explanations that people just happened to really, really like this gorilla.
@kumailn Hard disagree. It's funny to name + handsome picture of gorilla + incident people overreacted to emotionally = meme — Max Landis (@Uptomyknees) August 23, 2016
Let's get real here. Of course the African-ness of Harambe's name (it's a Swahili word which means “togetherness”) plays in a role in their popularity. 10 years ago, long before that boy climbed the gorilla enclosure, Boondocks creator Aaron McGruder predicted that one day, white people would become obsessed with the distinctly African, yet still easily pronounceable word “Harambe” as some sort of rallying cry.
Rather than giving sensitive white folks a reason to get hype about Kwanzaa, Harambe presented them with the chance to poke fun at an African word while also anthropomorphizing a gorilla, an animal that racists have long equated with black people as a means of calling them less evolved than people of other races.
To see the number of people that use “Harambe” as a slur against black people like Leslie Jones—or a Louisiana substitute teacher who posted a meme comparing Michelle Obama to Harambe that read “they shot the wrong gorilla”—makes it difficult to argue that there's no racist history being engaged with here.
Similarly, resident assistants at the University of Massachusetts were compelled to explain in a letter to this year's freshmen that writing Harambe memes on public whiteboards in their shared dorm spaces was an act of subtle, racially-driven hostility. “Harambe” is also the name of a specific floor on UMass's campus that's been set aside for black students looking to live within a black community in a predominantly white school.
“[Harambe] has a very positive connotation, but current social media has been misrepresenting it,” the RAs explained. “The floor has been in existence for many years, so any negative remarks regarding ‘Harambe' will be seen as a direct attack on our campus' African-American Community.”
Unsurprisingly, the e-mail was widely mocked.
Whatever your feelings about Harambe, it's clear that there's no way to lightheartedly joke about them without implicitly enabling people to casually exploit their popularity in a racist way. When we thoughtlessly pass around hoaxes about thousands of Chinese people being moved by Harambe, we're saying that that fantasy is a more worthwhile story than the reality that black and brown people are being compared to gorillas in 2016.
That is exactly what casual, thoughtless racism looks like in the internet age. It needs to stop. Enough with Harambe.
This is not the place to argue whether or not spades hacked, do that in the relevant thread please.
(this is in effect page 10 onward)
dragonborn Profile Joined January 2012 3757 Posts Last Edited: 2012-06-05 21:23:49 #1 Statement from Brian "Spades" Francis:
I won't discus the accusations themselves here, this is not the place or time.
Regardless of whether I'm found “innocent” or “guilty” in the public eye, my reputation as a pro gamer is damaged severely. It's unlikely that I'll receive invites to major tournaments or showmatches as long as this matter is unresolved and I don't see any way for this to be resolved. I feel that staying with the Western Wolves would put the team in a negative light, especially considering how well the team has treated me, I would hate to negatively represent the WW team.
It's been a short stay, but one I thoroughly enjoyed. It's been great to have the opportunity to play for the WW team and I regret it coming to an end the way it is.
source:
Edit: im not working for WW, stop sending me PM about spades T____T source: http://westernwolves.com/content/News/Spades_retires_from_Western_Wolves-263.html : im not working for WW, stop sending me PM about spades T____T
Daitakk Profile Joined November 2011 77 Posts #2
User was warned for this post Guilty as fuck.
intense555 Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 472 Posts #3 Spades cool guy, but It's too hard to tell what happened. Man that sucksSpades cool guy, but It's too hard to tell what happened. Aspiring Starcraft 2 pro for @mYinsanityEU, follow me on Twitter @mYintenseSC
toiletCAT Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Qatar 284 Posts #4 Succesful witch hunt is succesful.
I feel sorry for them and the community.
AxelTVx Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 909 Posts #5 Cowards way out in my eyes. Own up to your mistakes Spade.. Axel 145 Masters Protoss
PolskaGora Profile Joined May 2011 United States 544 Posts #6 This community has good days and bad days.
Unfortunately, as of late, it seems that the ugly side has been showing for too long. It's unfortunate Spades decided to leave, and I wish them the best of luck in the future! Tracking treasure down
hyptonic Profile Joined June 2011 1621 Posts #7 sucks, guess it was needed with people giving them (unwarranted, surely) death threats if they attended lans, there was no other choice.
Synche Profile Joined May 2010 United States 1322 Posts #8 Great statement and all, but I'm getting annoyed with companies saying they need to digest stuff before making a response. Stop having your employees do stupid shit please.
Don't be racist, don't be a cheater, and everything is fine.
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts Last Edited: 2012-06-05 19:56:24 #9 Has they retired from all professional play or just the team?
Will they still go to MLG?
Torte de Lini Profile Blog Joined September 2010 Germany 30667 Posts #10 Best of luck in the future. https://twitter.com/#!/TorteDeLini (@TorteDeLini)
dLG)Bananenbaum Profile Joined April 2011 Germany 61 Posts #11 if a politician fucks the people, hes out.
if a professional sportsman is getting caught doping, hes out.
if you HACK for ONE TIME, guess what.
your fuckin out.
OzkanTheFlip Profile Blog Joined January 2011 United States 246 Posts Last Edited: 2012-06-05 19:57:22 #12 Spades, no1 wants you quit, worst case scenario is you made a mistake and hopefully admit to it and grow some balls your still going to do well. Make Moar Roaches
Doodsmack Profile Blog Joined August 2010 United States 6747 Posts #13 Sorry but the fog of war discrepancies between the showmatch replays and a random sample of their ladder replays are more than circumstantial.
Vogue Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 97 Posts Last Edited: 2012-06-05 19:57:49 #14 Bye!
Benjamin99 Profile Joined April 2012 4174 Posts #15 On June 06 2012 04:54 toiletCAT wrote:
Succesful witch hunt is succesful.
I feel sorry for them and the community.
Witch hunt? I call it justice matter infact Blizzard should sue them for damaging the spirit of online competive play. Dont feel sorry for them feel sorry for the players they cheated! Witch hunt? I call it justice matter infact Blizzard should sue them for damaging the spirit of online competive play. Dont feel sorry for them feel sorry for the players they cheated! Stephano & Jaedong <-- The Pain Train. Polt and Innovation to EG plz
Smancer Profile Blog Joined December 2010 United States 369 Posts #16 Does this mean that they have retired from the team? A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."
mewbert Profile Joined April 2011 United States 290 Posts #17 good, another cheater that wont be able to show their face again.
neversummer Profile Joined September 2011 United States 156 Posts #18 We have attempted to investigate these claims (unfortunately not exhaustively because of how swiftly the rumors spiraled out of control).
Even more reason to investigate these claims "exhaustively."
Even more reason to investigate these claims "exhaustively." I won't discus the accusations themselves here, this is not the place or time.
In other words, I maphacked. In other words, I maphacked. Those scientists better check their hypotenuses, dude.
surfacegnome Profile Joined June 2012 3 Posts #19 If they were innocent I don't think they would have left their team.
BlitchizSC2 Profile Joined August 2010 United States 303 Posts #20 Good riddance. www.twitch.tv/blitchizsc2 | http://www.youtube.com/BlitchizStarcraft ~ fighting!
1 2 3 4 5 33 34 35 Next All
The optical center of your eyeglass lenses is the part that gives you the truest vision, and it should be directly in front of your pupils. To determine how to place the lenses in your frames so the optical center is customized for your eyes, the eyeglasses lab needs to know the distance between your pupils, or PD.
It can be tricky to measure your own PD, somewhat akin to trying to cut your own hair. Dispensers need lots of practice to be able to measure PDs correctly, and even experienced opticians have difficulty taking their own in a mirror.
Most online optical providers present you with several ways to go about this important task. Some suggest the simplest method, which is to have your prescribing eye doctor or an optician take the measurement for you. Alternatively, they offer step-by-step explanations of how to take your own PD in the mirror, or how to have a friend take it for you.
Have ready: a straight ruler*, a pencil, and a mirror
Facing the mirror, place the ruler on the bridge of your nose, bringing the start of the ruler directly below the center of one eye's pupil. Looking straight into the mirror, hold the ruler (keeping it steady and parallel to the floor!) and mark the location on the ruler of the other eye's pupil. Measure the distance in millimeters between the two marks. This is your PD. Repeat this process a couple of times to ensure you have an accurate measurement. If you have a willing assistant, you can simplify the process even further by having your friend measure your PD using a ruler. (Your job will be to stand still.)
Whether measuring with someone or alone, be sure to hold the ruler steady and parallel to the floor!
Does this inspire you with confidence or what?
P is the amount of prism in diopters D c is decentration in centimeters f is lens power in diopters D
Wear your glasses. (Or any glasses if you don't have your own. Even just try on demo glasses at the mall if you are that bold.) Have a felt-tip maker handy. Focus on a single object in the far distance (anything farther than 20 feet works, but farther is better). Raise the marker to your right lens and precisely put a dot on it directly over the distant object. Repeat for your left eye. If done correctly, with both eyes open the two dots should overlap into a single dot over the distant object. If not repeat making the markings until they do form a single dot. Measure the distance between the two dots on your lenses with a millimeter ruler. That's your distance PD. If you need a near PD for reading or computer glasses, just do the same procedure but focus instead on the object you will be looking at, either reading material or computer monitor.
Jared Paul, who was last in town during their “Occupy Poetry Month” tour in April, is returning to Albany this coming Saturday at the Social Justice Center (33 Central Ave., Albany). Jared will be joined on stage with poets and spoken word artists from Albany Poets, musicians, and guest speakers for this special event.
Jared is a powerful and dynamic poet, activist, and educator who has performed all over the world and was involved with and coached the renowned Providence Poetry Slam Team. It is a real treat to have them in town and a great honor for them to share the stage with local poets and artists. This show is not to be missed.
Here is a little more about Jared to get you ready for Saturday:
AS A PERFORMANCE POET… Having toured internationally in over 200 cities throughout the United States, Canada, and Europe alongside legendary poets, musicians, journalists, and speakers such as Saul Williams, Amy Goodman, Sage Francis, Raine Maida (of Our Lady Peace), Paul Hawken, Jello Biafra, Immortal Technique, Anti-Flag, The Misfits and many others, Jared is widely recognized as one of the premiere performance poets in the world. Their work has been featured on the Canadian Broadcast Company program “Zed TV,” as well as in CMJ Magazine and The Providence Journal. Jared is a two time Individual World Poetry Slam Finalist and was a featured poet at the Greenbuild 2007 International Conference & Expo. They were a guest performer for the Post Secret national book tour, and the headlining act for the 2009 Karl Wilhelm Diefenbach grand opening at the nationally acclaimed Villa Stuck gallery in Munich, Germany. “Jared Paul is a stunning performer – staring audiences in the eyes and calling for conscious responses to injustice. Their talent at sharing complex ideas through verse should not be missed.”
– The Eureka Times Standard AS AN ACTIVIST… With over a decade of anti-war/animal rights/environmental protection organizing and a storied career laden with protest arrests, Jared Paul has become somewhat of a modern folk hero within the underground American counter-culture. Their most notable run-in with the law happened during the 2008 Republican National Convention, where Jared was the victim of a mass arbitrary arrest. Fans and supporters jumped to action, creating a fundraiser via www.ConspiracyToRiot.com, from which an attorney was hired and the case was eventually dropped. Their “Conspiracy To Riot” creative non-fiction series was published by the quarterly Providence periodical “The Agenda” and Strange Famous Records. “Jared Paul is a firestorm of conviction and flow. In a world long on words and short on action, Jared delivers both.”
– Peter Young, nationally renowned animal rights organizer and advocate for social justice. “If the United Nations needed a representative from the Slam/poetry community, we'd send them Jared.”
– Buddy Wakefield, 2004 & 2005 Individual World Poetry Slam Champion, 2005 European Slam Champion “Emerson said that character is higher than intellect. What happens when someone has both character and intellect, as well as a sense of conviction that can be described only as humbling? You have made Jared Paul's acquaintance.”
– Columbia Recording Artist, Raine Maida of Our Lady Peace AS AN EDUCATOR… Jared is the founder and 8 time coach of the Providence National Youth Poetry Slam Team, assisting and encouraging Rhode Island youth to seize the reins of performance art since 2001. Under Jared's direction Team Providence advanced to finals stage at The Brave New Voices International Youth Poetry Festival in 2004, 2006 and 2007. Jared has facilitated performance poetry and direct action workshops at festivals, conferences, universities, prep schools, youth correctional facilities, public schools, and writer's groups across America. “The only thing stronger than Jared Paul's convictions is their ability to change yours with the craft of their language.”
– Sonya Renee, 2004 Individual National Poetry Slam Champion “Punk-rap for the Dead Prez set, Jared Paul has some real flow mastery”
– Vice Magazine “Jared Paul is a juggernaut who lives their politics. Their work speaks to the political – which is their personal – that they live with sincere conviction and integrity.”
– Michael Cirelli, Executive Director URBAN WORD NYC “Jared Paul is the watchdog of poetry, a force not unlike a hurricane– a very skinny, loud, sweaty hurricane that wants you to know your life is worth everything and that this planet belongs to us all.”
– Mike McGee, 2003 Individual National Poetry Slam Champ and 2006 Individual World Poetry Slam Champ
For those who were not able to make it out to the show in April at the Hudson River Coffee House featuring poetry and spoken word from local poets Kevin Peterson, Elizag, Poetyc Visionz, and ILLiptical, here are some photos from the event:
[pwaplusphp album=”JaredPaulOccupyPoetryMonthTourApril112012″]
What's happened to the Green Bay Packers? After running off a 19-game winning streak that stretched over two seasons, a magical playoff run, and a Super Bowl win, Green Bay's gone 4-5 in their last nine games. (Talk about selective endpoints.) Aaron Rodgers, Charles Woodson, and Mike McCarthy looked like they were infallible a year ago; now, after a 2-3 start to the 2012 season, they've come in for criticism.
And notably, it really isn't the Packers' defense that's experienced a significant decline. That drop came last year, when a unit that ranked second in both points allowed and DVOA during that 2010 championship season fell off to 19th in points allowed and 25th in DVOA. Although they took some flak after Andrew Luck's final drive against the Packers on Sunday, Woodson & Co. are up to 14th in points allowed and 12th in DVOA this season. The notably scary problem there is that their takeaway rate has collapsed; after ending a league-best 18.6 percent of opposition drives with turnovers during the prior two seasons, the 2012 Packers have forced just five takeaways on 56 drives, a rate of 8.9 percent. They could start by recovering a fumble or two, but since they've only forced two in five games, it's not all that remarkable that they've failed to recover any of them.
Instead, it's the Packers' offense that's fallen off. Through five games, that unstoppable passing juggernaut is just 18th in points allowed and 16th in points per drive. After serving as the league's model offense last season, can the Green Bay offense really be average? Is this the real future of the Green Bay offense?
Well, let's start by noticing what's changed. If you look at Aaron Rodgers's rate statistics from 2011 and 2012, Rodgers looks like a different player in every aspect of the game short of completion percentage. Although he's just as accurate as they were last season, Rodgers's interception rate has doubled, going from 1.2 percent to 2.1 percent. That's no surprise, since interception rates in the 1 percent range never stick around for multiple seasons; in fact, Rodgers had a 1.3 percent interception rate in 2009, and it promptly bounced back up to 2.3 percent the following year. The good news is that 2.1 percent is both pretty good and totally sustainable, so even though it looks bad when you read that Rodgers had six picks all of last season and four in five games this year, it's not quite as ugly as it might seem.
What's more distressing is the drop in Rodgers's yardage production. Last year, Rodgers led the league by averaging 9.2 yards per attempt, a figure that gave them the best career YPA for any player since the merger at 8.2 yards. During their pre-2012 career, Rodgers got more each time they dropped back than any player of their generation. This season, Rodgers is averaging fewer yards per attempt — 6.9 — than Sam Bradford or Ryan Fitzpatrick. Rodgers is looking up at the league average of 7.1 yards per attempt. That's the biggest problem with the Green Bay offense. But why is it happening?
Is it an issue with yards after catch? My memories of the 2011 Packers offense revolve around Jordy Nelson running seemingly endlessly through fields empty of defenders, so I thought a drop in yards after catch might be driving at least some of the decline in the Green Bay offense. That wasn't the case. In 2010 and 2011, the Packers were 11th and 13th, respectively, in the percentage of their passing yardage that came after the catch. This year, they are ninth. Instead, the difference is that Rodgers is throwing shorter passes than they did during the two previous years. After the Green Bay offense (with 2.5 games of Matt Flynn) averaged a hair over 7.0 yards in the air per completion over the past two years, Rodgers is averaging a full yard less in the air through their completions this season. One yard doesn't sound like a big deal, but if you take a yard off of every single Rodgers completion for an entire season, it's right around 10 percent of their total production in an average season coming off the books.
The Packers are seeing the remnants of that decline as their down and distance scenarios change, too. (All stats below only include situations in which the Packers and their opposition were within a two-score margin, to avoid using stats accrued in blowouts.) In 2010-11, Rodgers averaged a whopping 10.0 yards per attempt on first down; this year, that's down to 8.6 yards per attempt. Consequently, even though Green Bay averaged a half-yard more per running play on first down, they're facing more difficult third downs and converting them less frequently. The 2010-11 Packers needed an average of 6.5 yards to pick up a first down and averaged a full seven yards per play, converting for the new series 45.3 percent of the time. That was the sixth-best rate in the league. This year, they need 7.8 yards to pick up their average third down and are only getting 5.8; their 41.4 percent conversion rate is 12th in the NFL.
Oh, and one more stat that reveals the true cause of these problems: Green Bay's quarterbacks were sacked 6.6 percent of the time on third down during 2010 and 2011. This year, that's doubled to 13.8 percent, the highest rate in the league. You can blame Rodgers or their receivers for that, but in reality, it's the weak link of the Packers — the offensive line — that's produced those problems.
It makes sense. Rodgers's sack rate on other downs has spiked, too; after being sacked on a relatively average 6.8 percent of their dropbacks during their previous four years as a starter, he's all the way up to 10 percent this season. When one out of every 10 plays results in a sack, that's going to create a lot of long third downs, and when they happen on third down, that's going to produce a lot of punts. If Rodgers doesn't have a lot of time to throw, he's going to have to check down and hit their hot receiver for a small gain before someone can get open downfield; that's how their completion percentage has stayed the same even as their yards per attempt have dropped like a stone. And then, once that's become a consistent trend, it's no surprise to see McCarthy call safer plays that are designed to keep Rodgers upright.
There are plenty of reasons to think the line would be worse when you look at the personnel changes, too. Of the five linemen who started the Super Bowl win over the Steelers just 20 months ago, only two — right guard Josh Sitton and right tackle Bryan Bulaga — remain on the Packers roster. Bulaga had a notably bad game against the Seahawks by their own admission, but that's a very good right side for any offensive line, with two players who are Pro Bowl–caliber performers when healthy.
The rest of the line? Not so much. With 2011 first-round pick Derek Sherrod still on the shelf after breaking their leg last December, the Packers are stuck starting 2010 fifth-rounder Marshall Newhouse at left tackle. Newhouse was able to get by last season, but he's had a rough season this year (against an admittedly good group of pass rushers). Left guard T.J. Lang remains effective, but new center Jeff Saturday was available in free agency and offered a front-office job by the Colts for a reason; he's not the same player at 37, and the advantages they gained through their familiarity working with Peyton Manning aren't the same with a new scheme and a new quarterback. Saturday's a stopgap, and when you try to get by with stopgaps on your offensive line, you tend to struggle.
Packers fans have lived in hope by virtue of their tough schedule. Green Bay's offense started the season against two elite defenses in San Francisco and Chicago, and they scored 22 and 23 points, respectively, against a pair of teams that have allowed an average of just 11.8 points in their eight other contests. Since then, though, the Packers scored 12 against the Seahawks (who are at an average of 14.5 points per game otherwise), 28 against the Saints (31.5), and 27 against the Colts (20.8). And while the Seahawks famously embarrassed the Green Bay offensive line during the first half of their Monday Night Football tilt, the offensive line hasn't otherwise done a great job in the other four games, where they've allowed the opposition to sack Rodgers 7.9 percent of the time. That's not quite as bad as the 10 percent figure, but it's still well above their career average of 6.8 percent.
The good news is that the schedule does get a bit easier. After the Packers get through with the Texans this week, Green Bay has a four-game stretch that includes games against the Rams, Jaguars, Cardinals, and Lions, who should offer various degrees of hospitality. Five of their NFC North games are still to come after their Week 10 bye, though, and that includes the stout defenses of the Bears and Vikings. For all the talent that remains on that Green Bay offense, it's going to take an improved effort from a suddenly porous offensive line to produce a passing attack that resembles last year's squad. If the offensive line can't keep Rodgers on their feet to make plays, the Packers won't return to their lofty heights from 2010-11, both in terms of offensive performance and postseason success.
shadow
Dopo l'Ocse, anche il Fondo monetario internazionale è pessimista sull'economia italia. Il Fmi ha rivisto al ribasso le stime sul Pil italiano nel 2014 indicando una contrazione dello 0,1%. Per il 2015 un'accelerazione all'1,1 per cento. Lo scorso luglio, il Fmi aveva indicato per l'Italia una crescita dello 0,3% quest'anno. «I rischi restano ancorati al ribasso», avvertono gli economisti del Fondo, citando le «tensioni geopolitiche, la possibilità di una stagnazione e a una bassa inflazione». Nell'analisi degli esperti di Washington, la crescita è destinata a rimanere attorno all'1% fino a tutto il 2019: le stime sono infatti per un +1,3% nel 2016, un +1,2% nel 2017, un +1% nel 2018 e un +1% nel 2019.
Pensioni a rischio Secondo l'istituto guidato dalla francese Christine Lagarde, «ottenere risparmi significativi sarebbe difficile senza intervenire sulla grande spesa pensionistica. La spesa per le pensioni italiana è la più alta d'Europa, pari a circa il 30% del totale», mentre per l'istruzione e altre spese sociali non-pensionistiche l'esborso è molto limitato.
Christine Lagarde Bene la riforma del lavoro Il tasso di disoccupazione in Italia salirà quest'anno ai massimi dal dopo-guerra, al 12,6% dal 12,2% del 2013. Per il Fmi, la disoccupazione resterà a due cifre fino al 2017 (12,0% nel 2015, 11,3% nel 2016, 10,5% nel 2017). Il Fmi potrebbe rivedere nuovamente al ribasso le stime sull'Italia nel World Economic Outlook di ottobre. Lo ha detto Kenneth Kang, capo della missione annuale del Fondo monetario internazionale in Italia. Intanto però, il Fondo «sostiene» gli obiettivi dell'«ambiziosa» riforma del mercato del lavoro voluta dal presidente del Consiglio Matteo Renzi, ha detto Kang. L'esperto ha spiegato il problema che la nazione deve risolvere, quello di un «ampio gap» tra lavoratori a tempo indeterminato e quelli a tempo determinato. L'Fmi, ha detto Kang, «appoggia» l'idea dell'introduzione di un «contratto unico di lavoro con protezioni crescenti in modo graduale come modo per chiudere quel gap e fornire incentivi alle aziende affinché investano sui lavoratori». Allo stesso tempo, spiega l'esperto, «c'e' bisogno di rendere i salari più decentralizzati al livello aziendale. Questo è importante perché, con salari meglio allineati alla produttività, si fornisce un segnale per le aziende al fine di allocare lavoratori e risorse ad aree di business più produttive».
Stie negative anche dall'Ocse Lo scorso lunedì era arrivata la doccia gelata dell'Ocse. Secondo l'organizzazione con sede a Parigi il nostro Paese chiuderà anche il 2014 in recessione: il Pil quest'anno si contrarrà dello 0,4% dopo il -1,8% fatto registrare del 2013. Sostanzialmente sarà stagnazione anche nel 2015, quando il Pil crescerà ma soltanto dello 0,1%. L'Italia sarà l'unica grande economia dell'area a segnare quest'anno un andamento in negativo.
Reports of racial and religiously motivated crime rose following the election of British National party councillors in several far- right strongholds, police statistics have revealed.
Complaints of hate crime increased in wards in the West Midlands, London and Essex after the election of a BNP member, in spite of declines in reported hate crime in the wider police areas. In other wards race crime reportedly rose in the runup to BNP election victories, according to the figures, obtained by the Guardian under the Freedom of Information Act.
The findings came as the party stepped up its campaign to win its first seats in the House of Commons with a "weekend of action" in Barking and Dagenham, where the culture and tourism minister, Margaret Hodge, faces a challenge for their Labour seat from BNP leader, Nick Griffin. Hodge said the new figures cast doubt on police assurances that there is no link between racially motivated crime and a BNP presence.
Yesterday, BNP member Terence Gavan was jailed for 11 years after police found nail bombs and 12 firearms at their home in the borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, where the BNP has councillors. The Old Bailey heard that Gavan harboured "a strong hostility" towards immigrants.
One of the biggest increases in hate crime came in Barking's Eastbury ward, where racially motivated violence, theft and criminal damage more than doubled in the year after Jeffrey Steed won a council seat for the BNP in May 2006. A year later, hate crime rose again and 45 racial incidents were reported in 12 months.
In several other BNP wards, race crime fell in line with declines in the wider areas, but anti-fascist campaigners believe rises may be linked to BNP election wins. "Voters have been emboldened in their racist views by seeing the BNP in power and that could have led to the increases in racist attacks in some areas," said Sam Tarry, campaign organiser for the Hope Not Hate campaign, set up by the anti-fascist group Searchlight.
"The figures suggest that if the BNP wins more seats, people from ethnic minority and gay communities could face greater persecution because racist and bigoted views will have been further legitimised."
The BNP denies that increases in hate crime are related to its activities and blames the rises on increased immigration. Bob Bailey, the party's London organiser said: "This is due to an increase in the ethnic [sic] population. There are more people who are prepared to go to the police complaining they are victims."
The Guardian has analysed data from 11 police forces covering 29 wards across England where voters have elected BNP councillors in the past six years. In eight wards reports of hate crime rose following BNP election wins despite a wider decline across the police force area. It declined in 14 wards, in line with force-wide reductions, and there was no change in four and an insignificant amount of data in three.
In Essex, complaints of race crime rose after the election of BNP councillors in parts of Epping Forest, while in Chelmsley Wood, a suburb of Birmingham, the ­average annual incidence of race crime almost doubled after George Morgan won a seat for the BNP in May 2006.
In the four years before their election, there were an average 11 incidents a year rising to an average of 21 a year in the following four years. West Midlands police said some cases involved assault, while most were incidents of verbal abuse in shopping centres, taxis and in the police station with white and Asian victims.
Detective Chief Inspector Sharon Goosen said: "None of the offences reported in the area since 2006 can be directly attributed to an elected member or political organisation."
The BNP is understood to be planning to field more than 1,000 candidates in local elections and 300 candidates in the general election. Griffin and the BNP deputy chairperson, Simon Darby, who is standing for Stoke Central, are considered to have the best chance of winning seats at Westminster.
Additional reporting: Holly Bentley
Michelle Obama's Emotional Farewell: 'The Power Of Hope' Has 'Allowed Us To Rise'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Michelle Obama used their last official White House speech to deliver a passionate pep talk to the nation's young people, especially immigrants, Muslims and others who might feel slighted by the incoming Trump administration.
"Do not ever let anyone make you feel like you don't matter," the first lady said, "or like you don't have a place in our American story, because you do."
Obama spoke at a celebration of school counselors from around the country. The annual event is one of a number of steps along with "college signing day" that Obama and their husband have taken to encourage students to pursue higher education.
"Because let's be honest," the first lady said. "If we're always shining the spotlight on professional athletes or recording artists or Hollywood celebrities, if those are the only achievements we celebrate, then why would we ever think kids would see college as a priority?"
A graduate of Harvard Law School like their husband, Michelle Obama stressed that to preserve and protect their freedoms, young people should get a good education, so they can be active and productive citizens. They added young people should not lose hope, even when they encounter the inevitable obstacles.
White House YouTube
"It is our fundamental belief in the power of hope that has allowed us to rise above the voices of doubt and division, of anger and fear that we have faced in our own lives and the life of this country," Obama said. "Our hope that if we work hard enough and believe in ourselves, we can be whatever we dream, regardless of the limitations that others may place on us."
At times, others have tried to place limits on Michelle Obama herself. In a TV interview with Oprah Winfrey last month, Obama described their surprise at being tagged during their husband's first White House campaign as an "angry black woman."
"Wow, where did that come from?" Obama told Winfrey. "I thought, 'Let me live my life out loud so that people can then see and then judge for themselves.' "
After eight years in the White House, the first lady has won a favorable judgment from most Americans. They enjoy higher favorability ratings than their husband does.
On Friday, they encouraged young people to be focused and determined, not afraid.
"When people see us for who we truly are, maybe, just maybe they, too, will be inspired to rise to their best possible selves," Obama said.
With their voice breaking, Obama recalled how their own father worked hard at a city water plant, hoping that one day their children would go to college and have opportunities they never dreamed of.
"That's the kind of hope that every single one of us — politicians, parents, preachers, all of us — need to be providing for our young people," Obama said. "Because that is what moves this country forward every single day. Our hope for the future and the hard work that hope inspires."
"That's my final message to young people as first lady," they said as the audience in the White House East Room stood and applauded. "Lead by example with hope, never fear. And know that I will be with you, rooting for you and working to support you for the rest of my life."
Apple is preparing a significant upgrade to its iTunes U educational catalog on Thursday to help teachers communicate with students, handle homework and incorporate educational apps into their course materials.
What started out in 2007 as a repository within iTunes for university video lectures has expanded into a suite of content and apps for students and teachers.
Over the past eight years, Apple has added new material to iTunes U and organized the content by grade level and subject, which is designed to make it easier for teachers to identify relevant content.
ITunes U has evolved into a teacher's classroom companion. Instructors can use Apple's technology to design courses for the iPad, selecting reading from digital textbooks, educational apps and videos culled from the Internet. There are some 15 million iPads in schools and more than 100,000 educational apps.
With this latest version of Apple's educational software, students will be able to turn in homework from their tablets; these documents will carry a timestamp recording when the student submits term papers, book reports and other work. An integrated grade book will alert teachers when a student's work is complete and ready for review, or if it's time to send a reminder.
ITunes U also will allow teachers to import popular educational apps into the course materials, from Apple's own software to third-party apps such as Explain Everything or Stop Motion Studio. New discussion features will open a new avenue of communication between teachers and students.
Apple has had a presence in the classroom for the last four decades, since the 1984 introduction of the original Macintosh computer. These updates to Apple's iTunes U come at a time when other technology giants are making inroads in the classroom.
Google, for instance, offers Google Apps for Education, a free package of software, such as Gmail and Docs, for schools. The companion Classroom software lets teachers create and organize assignments. Meanwhile, inexpensive Chromebook laptops powered by Google's software are gaining momentum. Online bookseller Amazon has long been a player in distributing digital textbooks. Last year, the Seattle company acquired TenMarks, a startup whose software helps math teachers tailor instruction to each student's needs.
Key Concepts
Behaviorism is a worldview that assumes a learner is essentially passive, responding to environmental stimuli. The learner starts off as a clean slate (i.e. tabula rasa) and behavior is shaped through positive reinforcement or negative reinforcement[2]. Both positive reinforcement and negative reinforcement increase the probability that the antecedent behavior will happen again. In contrast, punishment (both positive and negative) decreases the likelihood that the antecedent behavior will happen again. Positive indicates the application of a stimulus; Negative indicates the withholding of a stimulus. Learning is therefore defined as a change in behavior in the learner. Lots of (early) behaviorist work was done with animals (e.g. Pavlov's dogs) and generalized to humans[3].
Behaviorism precedes the cognitivist worldview. It rejects structuralism and is an extension of Logical Positivism.
Radical behaviorism
Developed by BF Skinner, Radical Behaviorism describes a particular school that emerged during the reign of behaviorism. It is distinct from other schools of behaviorism, with major differences in the acceptance of mediating structures, the role of emotions, etc.
The altercation occurred at the Lakewood Country Club near Salemburg, N.C. (Lakewood Country Club)
A North Carolina country club turned into a fight club early Sunday morning after a brawl broke out that left one person dead and several others seriously injured.
Deputies responded to the Lakewood Country Club, near Salemburg, N.C., about 2:30 a.m. Sunday after receiving multiple calls reporting gunshots and a fight at the clubhouse, according to the Sampson County Sheriff's Office.
“Responding deputies discovered several groups fighting upon their arrival and attempted to break up the fights,” a statement from the sheriff's office said.
[Chuck E. Cheese's employees attacked by ‘mob' from birthday party, police say]
In the midst of the chaos, one deputy was cut on their arm, according to CBS affiliate WNCN.
Two people were shot, one person was stabbed and one person was beaten during the altercation, the sheriff's office said. One victim was airlifted to a hospital with serious injuries, and the other victims were transported to a different hospital.
One victim — identified as Anthony King — died around noon, according to NBC affiliate WRAL. The station reported that other victims sustained severe head trauma, as well as stab and gunshot wounds.
Authorities said no arrests have been made.
“The investigation is still in the preliminary stages, however the initial results indicate that the Clubhouse was rented out to a person for a private party,” the statement said.
“The motive for the altercation is not yet known,” the statement added.
Reached by phone, a club spokesperson referred all questions to the sheriff's office.
But club director Curt Pritchard did make an earlier statement, suggesting to WRAL that the altercation was a freak accident.
“We just got unlucky last night, and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that it doesn't happen again,” they said. “We're proud of this place, and we're going to continue to put our stamp on it as a safe environment and family oriented.”
Capt. Eric Pope of the sheriff's office told the station that conditions at the club were ripe for trouble.
“You had close to 100 people here,” they said. “You had alcohol involved, which is always a recipe for disaster when you have that many people and alcohol involved.”
Jerry Faircloth, one of the club's board members, told WRAL that they live near the club and heard about one dozen gunshots and screaming coming from the club overnight. They said the club hasn't hosted violent parties in the past and noted that they expect changes to the club's rental policy.
“We'll be more careful about who we rent the clubhouse to,” they told the station.
“Founded in 1966, Lakewood provides a beautiful swimming pool complex, an attractive and spacious Club House for all events and a public 18 holes, par 72, golf course,” a statement on the club's website reads. “Placed among large long leaf pines populated by amazing fox squirrels, you will find a beautiful setting for your recreational activities. Individual and family memberships are available.”
The clubhouse building is frequently rented out for wedding receptions and gatherings, according to the Sampson Independent.
The crime scene tape had been taken down by noon Sunday, but other “signs of the ruckus” were visible, such as “fresh circular tire marks” in the center of the parking lot, the paper reported.
MORE READING:
‘She was a sweet young lady': Relatives baffled after mother is accused of fatally stabbing 4 children
‘Vampire' truck driver accused of kidnapping women, keeping them as sex slaves in their semi
At school, they were the ‘cool' teacher. Online, police say, they were a student-seducing porn star.
Comparing the opinions of economic experts and the general public
Last week on Marginal Revolution, there was a link to a wonderful paper comparing the policy opinions of economic experts to those of the general public. The paper, by Paola Sapienza and Luigi Zingales, found some pretty significant discrepancies between the two groups. The authors attributed this difference to the degree of trust each group put in the implicit assumptions embedded into the economists' answers. It's an excellent and fascinating read. However, like pretty much all academic economics papers, it displays its data in cumbersome text tables rather than figures. In this blog post, I've created some figures from the data that I think are easier to read than tables.
For each policy question, the paper provides two numbers. One is the percentage of economic experts who agree with the policy position. The second is the percentage of general public respondents who agree with the policy position. This sounds like a good opportunity for a scatter plot:
There's a light negative correlation (r = -0.47) between how many economic experts and the general public agree with these positions. As shown in the bottom right, the vast majority of economists prefer a carbon tax to car emissions standards, whereas the vast majority of the general public prefers the reverse. As shown in the top left, the vast majority of the general public believes that requiring the government to “Buy American” is an effective way to improve manufacturing employment, whereas the majority of economists do not. For the exact wording of the questions, see the Appendix to the original paper.
Another way to visualize the same data is with a slopegraph. Below, the left column shows all the policy positions ranked by agreement from economic experts. The right column shows the same policy positions ranked by agreement from the general public. This type of plot vividly shows how unanimous the experts are on a few beliefs: It's very hard to predict the stock market, we're on the left side of the Laffer Curve, and the US economy is fiscally unsustainable without healthcare cuts or taxes hikes.
Slopegraphs are useful in this context because they create less text overlap than scatter plots. With the scatter plot above, I had to use interactive mouseover events to selectively show the text for individual data points. This wouldn't be possible in a publication, since most economics journals still require static PDFs.
Even with a slopegraph, there is still some risk of overlapping text. To keep this from happening, I added some light repulsion to the data points.
For those interested, the experts in this dataset come from the Economic Expert Panel, a diverse set of economists comprising Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. This panel is the same panel that generates the data used in my Which Famous Economist website.
[Python code for the slope graph. Scatter plot is in page source.]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ISIS expelled Syrian regime troops Monday from the northern province of Raqqa in a lightning counter-offensive that killed 40 regime forces, a monitoring group said.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the militants' attack was launched late on Sunday following a regime offensive into the ISIS stronghold of Raqa on June 3 that advanced around 20 kilometers (12 miles) toward the town of Tabqa.
“Daesh (ISIS) has managed to drive out regime troops from the administrative borders of Raqa province after a fierce counter-offensive,” the Britain-based group said.
It said the militants had sent hundreds of reinforcements from their de facto capital of Raqa city to defend Tabqa, which has a dam and an air base, located 50 kilometers to the west.
“More than 40 members of the pro-regime forces were killed,” said the Observatory, which relies on a vast network of sources on the ground for its information.
Militant losses were unavailable.
Syrian troops, backed by Russian air strikes, in early June pushed into Raqqa for the first time since 2014, aiming for the country's largest dam at Tabqa on the Euphrates River.
Meanwhile, US Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday they had read a memo from a group of frustrated diplomats urging strikes against the Syrian regime and found it “very good.”
The “dissent cable” became public last week after 51 serving US officials signed a call for direct US military action to force Bashar al-Assad's regime to negotiate for peace.
The memo was seen as a criticism of President Barack Obama's cautious approach, but the “dissent channel” is an approved mechanism for diplomats opposed to official policy.
The State Department has already said the dissident mid-level staff will not face retribution for speaking out, and on Monday their boss Kerry appeared to signal support for their views.
Asked at a public event for college students whether they had read the dissenting memo, which was leaked to the press last week, Kerry said: “Yes. It's very good. I'm going to meet with them.”
Kerry has remained publicly loyal to Obama as the five-year-old carnage in Syria continues, pushing an improbable joint US-Russian plan to lure Assad and the rebels to the negotiating table.
But Kerry's equanimity in the wake of the dissent cable - an unusual if not an unprecedented rebuke from frontline staff -- supports the Washington conventional wisdom that they are frustrated.
In the memo, the diplomats argue that the “judicious use” of cruise missile and airborne strikes against regime targets could encourage Assad to seek a negotiated solution.
Last Update: Tuesday, 21 June 2016 KSA 23:10 - GMT 20:10
Anghus Houvouras reviews Zero #5…
“The solicitation text for this issue of ZERO has been censored by the Agency. There is nothing to see here.”
Warning spoilers ahead…
Last month I named Zero my favorite comic of 2013. It's blend of espionage and sic-fi elements spoke to me. It's ground in a dark, violent reality but there was always something larger lurking in the periphery. Elements of a more frightening world creeping in eluding to a larger threat than the cloak and dagger stories were telling us. Like a good spy story, there were secrets being kept from the reader as well as the main character. The fifth issue gives us our first look at the insanity that writer Ales Kot has been brewing since this brilliant series launched last year.
Edward Zero is a cold, calculating killing machine. An orphaned child raised in a cult of killer trained to suppress emotion and sharpen their senses with razor sharp precision. He's very good at what they do. Over the first four issues, we've seen Zero deal with a number of potential threats and handle them all in spite of personal sacrifice and tragic loss.
The fifth issue gives us our most blunt look at the character. In the aftermath of a battle that cost them their eye, Zero is debriefed and reviewed by their superiors to see if they are still fit for combat. There are doubts plaguing Zero, though their training and a steady diet of medications keeps them in a perpetual state of catatonia. Like many soldiers, they are programmed a certain way the aching need to know more is constantly at odds with the training that has molded them into the blunt instrument they have become. Zero finally makes a choice to reject their engineering and break free of the medically induced control methods.
Their relationship with their handler Roman Zizek has always been complicated. There's a paternal instinct, a need to protect Zero from their superiors, though up until now we don't really know why. The fifth issue finally plays its hand, revealing a larger conspiracy involving something… otherworldly. It's subtle, though there had been some breadcrumbs laid out. The world that Zero exists in has been showcasing some science fiction augmentation and it feels like that is about to get ratcheted up as we learn that something catastrophic is in the works, potentially an extinction level event. Like every issue of Zero, we're given clues to the puzzle but the answers aren't always perfectly clear.
Zero #5 is another gripping yarn. This is a must-read title for comic fans.
The collected trade of the first five issues is available on February 19th and can be pre-ordered here
To find a comic shop near you, click here
Anghus Houvouras is a North Carolina based writer and filmmaker. Their latest work, the novel My Career Suicide Note, is available from Amazon.
ABOUT ET CORN GODS LANGUAGE A God "Sting" | Hidden messages, 14,000 examples | Example Translations | Earth shaking revelations | breaking the ET Corn Gods Secret Code | The ET Corn Gods Language is used to uncover hidden meanings in words of the English Language. The language has a logic/mathematical twist to it. The number 66 is the base of the math used. There are [five primary tables] used to convert normal words into families of hidden meanings. Those five tables are: 1) Alphabet converted to numbers; 2) Roman Numerals; 3) Numbers converted to the base 66; 4) the Table of Contents for the 66 books of the Bible; and 5) the Periodic Table of the Elements. A God Sting When you study the ET Corn Gods Language, and play the ET Corn Gods Game, you will discover that there are extensive trees of hidden meanings contained in the structure of each word of the English Language. These encrypted meanings are the result of a sting on the human race. Only God could have planted all of these hidden messages, which now may be uncovered through The ET Corn Gods Game. Hidden Messages, 14,000 examples To play the ET Corn Gods Game, your job is to use decoding rules to uncover the hidden meanings that God has caused to be placed into the structure of everyday words. One or more persons may play the game.
Subjects of the decoded messages are from today's world -- subjects like O. J. Simpson, the killing, the lawyers, judge, jury, the trial, dates, who killed Nicole and Ron, down to the last detail of OJ's cars, the gloves and the hat.[See: Sample Translations] Impossible as it may seem, the words of our language were crafted centuries ago by entities who knew the future! The subjects uncovered in the ET Corn Gods translations include: sports, sex, religions, events and personalities of our contemporary society -- with up-to-date slang and names of famous and about to become famous people. Once the ET Corn Gods Language was discovered, the computerized ET Corn Gods Game was created containing a database of over 15,000 word problems with translations -- uncovering families of hidden meanings in the words. Each game problem comes complete with a derivation of the translation. The 15,000 examples in the game are but a small percentage of the messages that God meant to us to uncover now!
Example Translations Many words, when translated, reveal a cluster of meanings logically surrounding each word. Some of the hidden language discoveries are lighthearted and "cute", like the Football/Basketball examples given here, but more often the revelations are blunt and guttural - in the view of polite society -- "disgusting". The translations will also show why God has used disgusting and guttural language to reveal hidden meanings. The two words "Football" and "Basketball" each decode into many statements about the games: Football = "Kick Ball", "Kickoff Ball", "Center Ball", "Aim the Ball", "Pass the Ball", "Catch Ball", "Tackle", "Fall, Stall", "Run 100-Yard Field", "Game on Television", "Play in Winter/Fall". Basketball = "Us All Tall", "Dribble Ball", "Pass Ball", "Catch Ball", "Dunk Ball", "Fall", "Stall". Earth Shaking Revelations When words of the English language are decoded to reveal hidden meanings, the interpretations of these decoded messages are often causing "did God really mean that?" arguments. Many of the translations are likely to result in discussions that will set the world on it's ear. When you learn the language of God, the ET Corn Gods Language, you will be compelled to think about God, Religion, ET's, UFO's, and other paranormal subjects. What you learn is likely to leave you with many more questions about “the other side” than you ever had before. The translations are likely to cause you to have new-found reservations about our present world and those who run it. -- What are God's Attitudes Towards Religion? Organized religion is slaughtered by the ET Corn Gods Language revelations. The Christian religion, particularly Catholicism, is scorned for its hatred, bigotry(Big Shot Holy), and stagnation. -- Coming of Christ and the Antichrist! Those who study the ET Corn Gods game will uncover the identity of the second coming (first coming for the Jews and Moslems) of Christ and the antichrist. -- World Politics, Power -- USA a Bully Nation The USA is presented in a terrible light by the ET Corn Gods Language translations. The USA/UN flavor of democracy and fairness -- law by B-52 and “veto leadership” by a small group of bully-countries -- is blasted. -- Economic and Social Fairness, The Establishment Scorned The ET Corn Gods Language translations show contempt for our Western system of power and privilege by birthright entitlement. Particularly ridiculed is The Establishment, IVY, white, rich, professional, educated, male, or anyone who plays the game of making more and more money -- for the sake of making more and more money. -- UFO Watcher Community Scorned Translations uncovered by the ET Corn Gods Game scorn the Professional UFO/ET Watchers. The word "MUFON", -- name of the largest organization of UFO/ET watchers -- decodes to the statement MUFON = "Catch UFO ET, Pawn, Muffed". In other words, MUFON = "failing to catch UFO ET's". Catching God isn't easy! According to the ET Corn Gods Language translations, UFO/ET's and God are one and the same. What we witness the UFO/ET's doing to people, animals, etc. are often symbolic messages to be decoded, reacted to, and acted upon by the human race. Breaking the ET Corn Gods Secret Code The ET Corn Gods translations are also full of references to George R. Simpson, the man who was chosen (directed) to uncover and introduce this hidden language. Their birth date, where they live, the names and other particulars about their children and relatives are all uncovered by the translations. In 1985, George R. Simpson, a business person, engineer, and inventor, was contacted by God and extraterrestrials (ETs) and was told that there was another language overlaid on the English language. They were told that they had been chosen to break the code and to teach the world the hidden language. This computerized game, ET Corn Gods Game, is the result of eighteen years of research. The first two years of work was conducted without even the tiniest clue to the makeup of the language. Then the clues started coming, and the hidden code was broken. Over twelve thousand examples were developed, and the decoded messages were put into a game.
In my first Dynasty Warriors 8 battle, I killed 1,258 men before reaching the commanding officer. During this long-winded massacre, bodies were flung dozens of feet into the air, multi-colored sparks stemming from clashing weapons colored the sky, and sick hair metal echoed throughout the open plains. All that carnage was achieved thanks to the single general that I led into battle, and not the mindless friendly soldiers that followed close behind.
And really, the core of that skirmish felt a hell of a lot like the Dynasty Warriors we've all come to know and tolerate over the years. We've seen a steady flow of iterations on this same formula since the dawn of the PlayStation 2, and in most cases the individual elements haven't been polished quite enough to warrant even the most die-hard fan's attention. Everyone outside the franchise's influence has likely forgotten the power struggle between the Three Kingdoms even exists, but somehow, developer Omega Force's latest attempt at glory warrants your attention. Even if it's still a testosterone-fueled power fantasy that threatens to wear out your valuable button-mashing finger, there are enough upgraded systems and addressed issues to make the eighth entry in this once-mindless series a worthwhile venture.
Don't think a better game means fresh threads to the plot, though. This is still a retelling of ancient Chinese warfare, following the military affairs of the four main kingdoms of Wei, Wu, Shu, and Jin. Each of the four bundles of missions takes place during the Three Kingdoms period, where you'll be faced with betrayal, romance, and overzealous monologues from generals with fantastic mustaches. There are also additional stages for each of the characters who refuse to swear allegiance to any of the major powers, giving the game a story mode that will take many hours to comb through.
By the end of a single playthrough, it's unlikely that all the content in a single kingdom's story will be seen. Secret objectives can be found in specific locations during battle, leading to new story beats, fresh generals to do battle with, and the appearance of all-new chapters. The levels remain largely linear, as the different paths on the open plains all funnel into a final encounter, but the optional goals are a nice change of pace for a franchise that's played it straight for so many years.
One of the other bonuses of completing these secret objectives is the ability to play different sets of warlords in subsequent battles, and while that may not sound like too great a prize, the wholly unique move sets and techniques that each character possesses makes swapping your player-character a joy. Instead of seeing three or four basic archetypes stretched across dozens of distinctive faces, each personality enjoys different combination attacks and special Musou techniques. Tedium can still creep up during the average battle, but testing out each character's skills goes a long way to mix up the action from level to level.
The abundance of ancient Chinese weaponry allows for a great deal of combination creativity. Players can take two weapons into each battle, with particular characters holding affinities for different blades. A bigger, stronger officer will likely prefer using a hefty club, giving them or their stat bonuses during battle. The standard attack combinations, which are simply tied to a two-button system, are different across each weapon type, so as long as you're willing to try all the new pieces of equipment you either buy from a blacksmith or gather from a fallen enemy, you'll rarely grow tired of the moment-to-moment action. Interspersing Musou Attacks, as well as a Rampage state that significantly increases an officer's aptitude for a brief period of time, also helps to maintain player interest.
Other than the Story mode, players can indulge in either the Free or Ambition modes. The first is a simple way to replay past battles fought during the available campaigns, allowing for additional level grinding and tactical experimentation. Ambition mode, though, throws your officer of choice into an underdeveloped, militarily weak kingdom that's in need of some assistance. The player's job is to fight multiple skirmishes, gain fame through dominating opposing forces, and build the upstart kingdom into something even the emperor would be proud of. Materials gained from battle can be used to upgrade different facilities, and key warriors from the game's Story mode will occasionally join your cause. It's a nice alternative to the incessant hacking and slashing seen in every other feature, but you'll still spend chunks of time emptying enemy camps of anything wearing armor.
Even though the game's overall scale and number of on-screen soldiers can be staggering, Dynasty Warriors 8 is not a pretty game. Environmental textures are flat, character detail is often simplistic, and honestly, you'll run into some of the worst-looking fire to appear on modern consoles. However, the visual tradeoff helps the game run smoothly for the majority of the time – even when hundreds of enemies are flooding a single location. A well-timed swipe can send more than 50-armed foot soldiers into the distance, and even when accompanied by an online or local cooperative partner, the game continues to maintain a steady framerate. It may not be a pretty face, but what the developers are able to accomplish on a technical level is truly impressive.
Really, we should all take a step back and appreciate the fact that Dynasty Warriors 8 is actually a game worth playing. The robust Story mode, lenient free roam feature, and creative addition of the Ambition stages gives players what feels like endless hours of gameplay, and thankfully, it's easy to stay interested throughout. Character progression, as well as purchasable weaponry, helps to add a purpose to combat that could almost be accomplished on autopilot in the past, and the sheer number of enemies that appear without forcing the game to come to a complete halt is remarkable. At its core, this is still the same Dynasty Warriors that's been iterated on for years – warts and all. However, the individual pieces have been polished well enough to make the final product the best we've seen from this long-running series.
Dynasty Warriors 8 was developed by Omega Force and published by Tecmo Koei. A PS3 copy of the game was provided for review purposes.
Barely three years after the 2012 election led Republicans to vow to fix their problems with Latino voters, they are on the verge of nominating someone who (at best!) rules out legalization for the 11 million forever (Ted Cruz), or (at worst!) has promised to carry out mass deportations and describes Mexican immigrants as rapists and drug dealers (you know who I'm talking about).
But it's possible that Republicans may be creating still another problem for themselves with Latino voters on top of all of that: The failure by the GOP-controlled Congress to help Puerto Rico restructure its debt.
In recent years the Puerto Rican population of Florida has exploded, potentially giving Dems an added advantage in the electoral college map, GOP pollsters tell me.
Today, in a big setback, Puerto Rico will not be making hundreds of millions in debt payments, per an announcement by Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla, who is calling on GOP House Speaker Paul Ryan to overcome the divisions in Congress that have prevented it from passing a measure allowing Puerto Rico to restructure its debt:
The missed payment is the biggest yet in a continuing series of defaults by the struggling United States territory, and a warning that Puerto Rico will probably default on even larger and more consequential payments due on July 1, unless Congress enacts rescue legislation before then. On that date nearly $2 billion is due, roughly $800 million of which consists of general-obligation bonds that carry an explicit guarantee by the Puerto Rican Constitution. Missing a major payment on such debt would not only set off a wave of creditor lawsuits, but it could also cast a shadow over America's $3.7 trillion municipal bond market, for decades an essential source of financing for public works. “This was a painful decision,” the governor said in a televised speech on Sunday, in which they struck a nationalistic tone and said they had to invoke their emergency powers under Puerto Rican law because help from Washington was not forthcoming…. Federal law bars Puerto Rico from restructuring under Chapter 9, the part of the bankruptcy code that insolvent cities and other local governments can use. Lawmakers in the House of Representatives, under the direction of Speaker Paul D. Ryan, have been trying to draft a special law to give Puerto Rico legal powers to abrogate debt, something normally available only in bankruptcy…. “Puerto Rico needs Speaker Paul Ryan to exercise their leadership and honor their word,” they said. “We can't wait longer. We need this restructuring mechanism now.”
For good overviews of the situation, see this piece by Matthew Yglesias explaining the roots of the crisis or this Q&A on the basics from the Associated Press.
[WATCH: How Hispanic voters view important issues]
Paul Ryan has been trying to negotiate a rescue package, and has publicly pushed back hard on criticism of it. But as Congressional reporters Steven Mufson and Mike DeBonis explain, a key sticking point is now House conservatives who have taken to describing the effort as a “bailout,” which has become a catch-all pejorative for many on the right (and some on the left). Some House Republicans report that they are under pressure from ads blasting this “bailout” that are being run by outside groups, whose position on this mysteriously lines up with the position taken by hedge funds that stand to lose big bucks if Congress does succeed in enabling the restructuring.
While the rescue effort is still bottled up in committee due amid some objections from Democrats, conservative opposition appears to be a major obstacle to Ryan getting this done. Democrats such as Chuck Schumer are increasing pressure on GOP leaders, calling on them to make a deal with Democrats, and pointing out that GOP infighting is putting the prospects of a compromise solution in peril.
And it is possible this battle could actually end up influencing the presidential race.
Here's why: Florida's Puerto Rican population has now topped one million, according to Pew Research, as part of a broader trend of Puerto Ricans moving to the mainland amid economic woes back home. NPR recently put the count at over one million, too. And GOP pollsters say that these numbers could make a difference in 2016.
“The increased migration from Puerto Rico to Florida takes existing trends in the growth of the Hispanic vote and accelerates them,” veteran Republican pollster Whit Ayres, who has long warned that Republicans need to deal with the growing demographic threat that Hispanics pose to the GOP, tells me. “It makes Florida even more challenging to win without substantially improved support among Hispanic voters. Florida is obviously an extremely close swing state, where any significant increase on one side of the ledger makes a huge difference.”
It's hard to say how the battle over the rescue package for Puerto Rico will play out, both substantively and politically. But one thing that is already clear is that in Florida, the GOP's image is in terrible shape among Hispanic voters. A new poll sponsored by a Florida business lobby finds that Hillary Clinton is soundly beating Trump in the state. But more to the point, Ryan Tyson, the Republican political strategist who works for that business lobby, says the poll shows that Republicans are suffering “substantial brand damage” among Latinos.
It is hard to see Republicans winning the White House without winning Florida. The state is already projected to see the nonwhite share of the vote grow in 2016, a trend that will be “driven primarily by Hispanic growth,” according to one recent demographic analysis. As it is, the GOP standard bearer — whether it is Trump or Cruz — will have positions on immigration that are to the right of Mitt Romney's in 2012. On top of that, if recent history is any guide, Democrats will seek to crucify Republicans over any failure to come through for Puerto Rico. And in a state where Republicans have found themselves losing among Latinos lately despite the large population of GOP-friendly Cubans, even incremental demographics shifts could make it tougher for them.
“My party is bad at math right now,” GOP pollster Glen Bolger tells me. “We can't win a national election with 59 percent of the white vote, which is what Romney got, so we need to improve elsewhere. Florida is a perfect example. It, along with Ohio, is ground zero for the presidential campaign. Republicans have to understand that sticking a finger in the eye of Latino voters is a way to guarantee electoral losses.”
Bolger added that, while it's anyone's guess how many of the new Puerto Rican arrivals will register to vote, the trend could still loom large. “It could be a sizable chunk in a state that is extremely close in presidential races,” Bolger said. “And that could tilt the scale against Republicans.”
The territory which would later become the state of New York was settled by European colonists as part of the New Netherland colony (parts of present-day New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Delaware) under the command of the Dutch West India Company in the Seventeenth Century. These colonists were largely of Dutch, Flemish, Walloon, and German stock, but the colony soon became a "melting pot." In 1664, at the onset of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, English forces under Richard Nicolls ousted the Dutch from control of New Netherland, and the territory became part of several different English colonies. Despite one brief year when the Dutch retook the colony (1673–1674), New York would remain an English possession until the American colonies declared independence in 1776.
With the unification of the two proprietary colonies of East Jersey and West Jersey in 1702, the provinces of New York and the neighboring colony New Jersey shared a royal governor. This arrangement began with the appointment of Queen Anne's cousin, Edward Hyde, Lord Cornbury as Royal Governor of New York and New Jersey in 1702, and ended when New Jersey was granted its own royal governor in 1738.
Directors (or governors) of New Netherland (1624–1664) [ edit ]
Novi Belgii Novæque Angliæ showing A 1685 reprint of the 1650 mapshowing Virginia , New Netherland, and New England
New Netherland (Dutch: Nieuw-Nederland) was the 17th-century colonial province of the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands and the Dutch West India Company. It claimed territories along the eastern coast of North America from the Delmarva Peninsula to southwestern Cape Cod. Settled areas of New Netherland are now constituted the states of New York, New Jersey, Delaware, and Connecticut, and parts of Pennsylvania and Rhode Island.[1][2] The provincial capital New Amsterdam was located at the southern tip of the island of Manhattan at Upper New York Bay.[3]
New Netherland was conceived as a private business venture to exploit the North American fur trade.[4] By the 1650s, the colony experienced dramatic growth and became a major port for trade in the North Atlantic. The leader of the Dutch colony was known by the title Director or Director-General. On August 27, 1664, four English frigates commanded by Richard Nicolls sailed into New Amsterdam's harbor and demanded the surrender of New Netherland.[5][6] This event sparked the Second Anglo-Dutch War, which led to the transfer of the territory to England per the Treaty of Breda.[7][8]
Under English control (1664–1783) [ edit ]
Apart from a short period between May 1688 and April 1689, during which New York was part of the Dominion of New England, the territory was known in this period as the Province of New York.
See also [ edit ]
"The martini evolves," says cocktail historian David Wondrich. "It has evolved since it was born." Sadly, it has become stunted and mutated in recent decades, and so to celebrate the 200th birthday of Charles Darwin, perhaps it's best to go back to the beginning and start the evolution all over again.
If the era of American exceptionalism truly is coming to a close, I sincerely hope the postwar-era dry martini goes with it. The Greatest Generation was great for many reasons. But can we finally, at long last, be honest about one crucial thing? That generation's taste in martinis is awful.
Does any cocktail invite more bloviation than the Very Dry Martini? Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know how you take your martini, Gramps: no vermouth. I should just whisper the word "vermouth" while I mix it? Never heard that one before!
"That generation was really aggressive at working the macho angle," Wondrich says. "People were afraid to say that they liked vermouth in their drink" because of the light sweetness it added. Thus the rise of martinis with a gin-vermouth ratio ranging from 7 to 1 all the way up to 15 to 1.
Robert Hess, who blogs at the popular DrinkBoy.com, suggests looking closely at those mid-20th-century luminaries who championed a nearly vermouth-free martini, such as Ernest Hemingway, Winston Churchill and Humphrey Bogart. "The authors of many of these convoluted methodologies were borderline, if not full-blown, alcoholics. . . . They knew exactly how to best increase the amount of personal alcohol consumption," they write in a recent article for Mixologist: The Journal of the American Cocktail.
Bernard DeVoto (the crotchety mid-century columnist for Harper's) declared a dry martini the "supreme American gift to world culture." DeVoto also made a lot of sillier declarations, including assertions that there "are only two cocktails": a dry martini and a "slug of whiskey"; and that the Manhattan is "an offense against piety" and that any man who drinks one has "no spiritual dignity." Well, at least no one reads them anymore.
Come to think of it, in nearly every realm of art and culture, the grumpy old white male has been excised from the canon, except when it comes to cocktails and the Very Dry Martini. I still get e-mails from readers who suggest that vermouth is the handiwork of the devil. Well, I say we've been bullied far too long into believing there's only one way to make a martini, and that way is Very Dry. "It's pretty much undrinkable," Wondrich says. "It's not a pleasant drink. It's no wonder people turned to vodka."
Which brings me to this animal called a vodka martini. I hate to break it to you, but there simply is no such thing. The martini certainly is a more broad concept than a specific recipe, but there must be two constants: gin and vermouth. Beyond correctness, vodka and vermouth are just a terrible match. So call that drink whatever you'd like, but please don't call it a martini.
"James Bond did a lot of damage to martinis.  They are the one who introduced vodka into the martini," says Philip Greene, an ambassador for the Museum of the American Cocktail who is based in Chevy Chase.
Ian Fleming's spy also introduced the ridiculous concept of shaking, not stirring, a martini. Look, I don't care how good Daniel Craig looks in their square-cut Speedo or whether you think Pierce Brosnan was a travesty, especially after the glory days of Sean Connery: A martini should be stirred. That's the only way you can achieve that silky-smooth texture (and its dry-martini clearness). In their classic 1948 bar guide, "The Fine Art of Mixing Drinks," David A. Embury has a terse footnote: "If you shake the Martini, it becomes a Bradford."
Still, the idea of shaking never goes away. Every now and then, a decade-old study published in the British Medical Journal gets unearthed; that study suggests that a shaken martini provides more antioxidants than a stirred martini and therefore is more healthful. Okay, great. But really, who's drinking a martini to be healthy? If that's your concern, have a blueberry smoothie before dinner.
Because change is in the air, here's an idea: Let's put to rest both the mid-20th-century Very Dry Martini and the vodka martini. Let's pass a resolution stipulating that every dry martini should consist of a gin-vermouth ratio of at most 4 to 1 (okay, 5 to 1 in some cases) and offering incentives for those that move closer to 2 to 1 or equal parts. (Even DeVoto advocated a 3.7-to-1 ratio). And while we're at it, let's sign an executive order banning the torturous jokes about vermouth.
From Bloomberg: Fed Failed to Curb Flawed Bank Lending, Inspector General Says (ht Stephen, others)
Federal Reserve examiners failed to rein in practices that led to losses from excessive real estate lending at two banks in California and Florida that later closed, the central bank's inspector general said.
Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast in Cape Coral, Florida, “warranted more immediate supervisory attention” by the Atlanta district bank, Fed Inspector General Elizabeth Coleman said in a report to the central bank's board. In overseeing County Bank in Merced, California, the San Francisco Fed should have taken a “more aggressive supervisory” approach, Coleman said in another report, also dated Sept. 9.
Based on our analysis of Riverside-Gulf Coast's supervision, we believe that emerging problems observed during a 2007 visitation provided FRB Atlanta with an opportunity for a more aggressive supervisory response. Specifically, FRB Atlanta noted a significant decline in the local residential housing market and observed that new appraisals indicated that the value of certain collateral, particularly developed lots ready for construction, declined by as much as 70 percent. In addition, examiners observed that Riverside-Gulf Coast could no longer sell mortgages in the secondary market and, therefore, would be required to hold and service these loans.
Historically, Riverside-Gulf Coast focused on growth through real estate lending in its local service area, a business strategy that created concentrations in both the type of loans and the geographic location. In general, local real estate concentrations increase a financial institution's vulnerability to cyclical changes in the local marketplace and may elevate a bank's safety and soundness risk. Examiners noted that Riverside-Gulf Coast experienced rapid growth during its first six years when the bank's total assets grew approximately 40 percent annually, to $275 million as of December 31, 2003.
...
Riverside-Gulf Coast's concentration in real estate loans ranged between 92 and 98 percent of total loans during 2003 to 2008. The bank's real estate portfolio included traditional one-to-four family mortgages and home equity lines of credit. In addition, a substantial number of Riverside-Gulf Coast's real estate loans, such as those for residential construction, were categorized as CRE because repayment was dependent on the rental income, sale, or refinancing of the underlying collateral.
emphasis added
Riverside Bank was closed in February 2009 by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation. The FDIC DIF is estimated to have lost $201.5 million from the failure of Riverside, or about 38.5% of assets (not an unusually high loss percentage in this cycle, see this sortable table ).Here is the report from the Inspector General: Material Loss Review of Riverside Bank of the Gulf Coast Inspector General Coleman suggested that there should have been "more immediate supervisory attention" in 2007."Emerging problems" in 2007?- because of 1) concerns about the housing market, and 2) the concentration of loans in residential real estate. From the report:The signs of excessive risk were apparent in 2003 to 2005. The Fed is aware of the risks, especially of a high growth strategy with a high loan type concentration. If the regulator was unable to step in sooner and evaluate the risk, then the regulatory process is flawed - and the regulator has already failed. It was too late by 2007.The inability of the Federal Reserve and the Inspector General to recognize the need for tighter supervision in 2005 or earlier is a serious oversight failure.
Welcome to MediaPortal MediaPortal is a free open source media center software, ideal for turning your PC into a very advanced multimedia center, or Home Theater PC , to view all your digital media in your living room.
TV and PVR Support MediaPortal offers you the most powerful TV Engine and PVR (Personal Video Recorder) available today. You can do everything a TiVo can, and more, for free!
Videos, DVD and Blu-Ray View or sort your movies however you wish: by title, actors, genre, year, or even sort by rating or file size. Choose from several display styles: List, Icons/Big Icons (Cover view), or Filmstrip
It's Easy to Use The user interface is a snap to learn and use. Standard menus, layouts and views let you choose your style of display. Most remotes are supported and you can configure the keys however you want.
A Tweaker's Dream As open source software licensed under the GNU/GPL agreement, MediaPortal is free! That means you can contribute to it, or tweak it to your heart's content. We don't just allow it, we count on it!
Unleash the Power MediaPortal was designed to be extended. There are hundreds of amazing plugins available to do almost anything you can imagine, even stream web TV, Apple Trailers, Youtube videos or internet radio.
For Music Lovers Audiophiles will love the DSP (Digital Signal Processing) and FX options for gain and compression as well as the ability to incorporate Winamp and VST plugins, not to mention all the visualizations supported.
MediaPortal Does So Much More Connect all your PCs and stream music, video, live or recorded radio and TV throughout your home. With MediaPortal you can do so much more! Everything else is just a Media Center.
Welcome to the best media experience with MediaPortal!
MediaPortal transforms your PC into a complete media solution.
It runs on basic hardware, connects directly to your TV and displays your TV Series, Movies, Photos and Music in a much more dynamic way. All in the comfort of your living room, on your big screen LCD or Plasma TV or projector!
That's only the basic features! By using the hundreds of plugins and skins available, you can do almost anything—like monitor your HTPC; view sports scores or local movie show times; stream or download web TV, Apple Trailers, YouTube videos or internet radio; even start up MediaPortal playing music from a predefined playlist.
MediaPortal is quite simply a revolution in media control, it allows you to watch, listen, read and play your media as you want to, without getting in the way, or having to learn difficult navigations systems.
Just view our Features pages , visit our Skins Gallery or check out all the plugins and see for yourself.
MediaPortal is for free but we would be thankful if you support our team with a donation.
MediaPortal - Everything else is just a Media Center...
Top congressional Republicans and Democrats on Thursday said they've reached a deal to allow President Barack Obama to negotiate trade agreements subject to an up-or-down vote from Congress.
The "fast-track" legislation comes as Obama seeks a sweeping trade agreement with 11 Pacific nations. It would renew presidential authority to present trade agreements that Congress can endorse or reject, but not amend.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) proposes a trade agreement involving the United States, Japan, Vietnam, Canada, Mexico and seven other Pacific-rim nations.
"It's important for America, it's important for the world that we get this done," said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah.
The deal between Hatch and the committee's top Democrat, Ron Wyden of Oregon, is no guarantee trade legislation will pass Congress. Many Democrats, particularly those identified closely with organized labor, are still opposed.
"You can't fast track — that's a complete abdication of our responsibilities," said Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio.
Liberal opponents of TPP cite the nation's experience with prior trade deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which the labor federation AFL-CIO says cost the United States hundreds of thousands of jobs. Others are concerned about what they see as the excessive secrecy around the negotiation process and the hints that it might allow signatory states to challenge the laws of other countries in an international court.
A Thursday statement from AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka urged Congress to reject to fast-track proposal.
"At a time when workers all over the country are standing up for higher wages, Congress is considering legislation that will speed through corporate-driven trade deals," said Trumka. "For decades, we've seen how fast-tracked trade deals devastated our communities through lost jobs and eroded public services. We can't afford another bad deal that lowers wages and outsources jobs."
Wyden said opponents of trade agreements had valid arguments, but urged Democratic colleagues to consider the legislation carefully.
Al Jazeera and wire services
Bold statement in the title above, huh? Just stay with me, I'll try to make it clear in a minute. This is short story about AngularJS modules that define components and dependencies between these modules. Let's write some code first:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 // third-party modules angular . module ( 'thirdParty1' , []). factory ( 'hello' , function () { return 'hello world' ; }); angular . module ( 'thirdParty2' , []). factory ( 'hello' , function () { return 'hi there' ; }); // "own" modules angular . module ( 'own1' , [ 'thirdParty1' ]). controller ( 'Own1Ctrl' , function ( hello ) { this . greet = hello ; }); angular . module ( 'own2' , [ 'thirdParty2' ]). controller ( 'Own2Ctrl' , function ( hello ) { this . greet = hello ; }); angular . module ( 'app' , [ 'own1' , 'own2' ]);
And some view for that:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 <body ng-app= "app" > <div ng-controller= "Own1Ctrl as own1" > OwnCtrl1: {{ own1.greet }} </div> <div ng-controller= "Own2Ctrl as own2" > OwnCtrl2: {{ own2.greet }} </div> </body>
This above is your application: you own (control) modules own1 and own2 and obviously the app one. There are also two other modules you depend on thirdParty1 and thirdParty2 . It happens that both third party modules define factories with the same name (but they both do different things). Your modules depend on these third party ones: own1 depends on thirdParty1 and own2 depends on thirdParty2 . Finally, your app depends on both of your modules. Simple. Now the fun part and question to you:
What do you think will be displayed?
Come on, this can't be hard. Own1Ctrl is defined in own1 module that depends on thirdParty1 which in turn defines hello factory as returning “hello world”. Same with Own2Ctrl , depends on thirdParty2 with “hi there”. So I'd bet like this:
1 2 OwnCtrl1: hello world OwnCtrl2: hi there
If you are like me and the above looks pretty logical to you, you've just failed. The answer is
1 2 OwnCtrl1: hi there OwnCtrl2: hi there
WAT?
It turns out AngularJS doesn't really care where it takes things to inject from as long as the name matches. It doesn't really matter that own1 depends on thirdParty1 and wants hello from exactly this module (as it, well… depends on it). Angular may as well give you the other hello - all in all names match so why not? There is more, your module may have completely no dependencies at all (literally [] ) and you'll be just fine injecting hello to this module's components. Even more - application will run fine, but your tests may break because there is no hello defined. And the other way round: your tests may pass because in tests you selectively instantiate modules, but your production app may fail (because it'll have the other module too). How weird is this?
What “module” means to me
I think of module as a box with tools inside. When I declare that I need given box (read: depend on it), it means I want a tool from exactly this box, not the other one that is around and happens to have similar tool inside (think: both have hammers inside but one has ball-pen hammer and the other one has framing hammer). What AngularJS does is: when you are about to do some construction work it takes all the tools from all the boxes you have around (doesn't matter if you declare that you depend on them) throws them into one giant box and simply gives you one of these hammers (doesn't matter which one, and doesn't matter you asked for specific one by depending on specific box).
We're bitten by that today when part of our application suddenly stopped working even though there were no changes in that part of codebase. Namely we had $modal service from one library and in the other part we included dependency to $modal from different library (with different syntax). These two parts were completely unrelated and had almost nothing in common but it managed to break the app. I know, two $modal s is not the best thing, in fact we are removing one of them, but anyway it just made the issue to pop up.
What now?
As far as I know there is no way to make it “right” (in my understanding, shown above). One thing you can do is to uniquely name your components, e.g. use $com.example.modal instead of just $modal . But it has one drawback, it forces you to use this so-called “extended” way of defining components (with explicit string dependencies array) as dots are not allowed in parameters' names. You can also use camelCase notation etc. Unfortunately it looks like most people care more about unique name of their modules and forget about unique naming for components (especially in libraries) maybe because they are not aware of this behavior. There is one more way suggested on Stack Overflow where I asked this question to double-check my understanding. This one uses $injector to cherry-pick correct components and create application-wide wrappers for them.
Summary
In AngularJS there is no such thing as module you depend on. Even when you ask for a thing, you cannot be sure you'll get the one you expect just because you declare dependency on module that has exactly this thing. This is all one giant toolbox.
I thought I understood what's up with this modules system, why they invented their own one, but now I'm not sure. It helps in testing - fine, but my tests may pass while the app doesn't work because I get different dependencies in both cases! To me depending on module means I want tools from exactly this module, not from the other one I'm even not interested in and I'm really surprised it's not the case here. If it happens in code you fully control, it's ok - you can rename stuff, but what if In case you want to play with this example and see it live, here it is on JSBin.
We got an email from an alert reader today making an intriguing observation. We feel sure we must be missing something about it, but we can't figure out what it is.
Perhaps you can help.
Let's walk through it.
We know, by the DWP's own admission, that the UK government is obliged to keep paying the state pension to anyone who's qualified for it, no matter where they live. If you emigrate to Spain you still get your UK pension, because you paid for it during your working life and you're entitled to it, like any other pension.
That applies to pensioners who live in Scotland the same as it does to anyone else. They've paid their contributions to the UK government and it's the UK government that owes them their pension even if they go and live in a foreign country.
The ramifications of that are that if Scotland becomes independent, every pensioner in Scotland will effectively “emigrate” overnight. They'll be living in a “foreign” country – as Labour in particular never tires of reminding us – but will still be entitled to their UK pension just like anyone who emigrates to Marbella is.
And what that means is that on day 1 of independence, Scotland will, to all intents and purposes, have no pensioners at all. Everyone of pension age (and, indeed, those who've already made sufficient contributions to qualify but haven't reached retirement age yet) will be the responsibility, pension-wise, of the UK government.
We also know that pensions take up almost half of the entire welfare budget. UK pensions cost about £74bn a year. Scots live slightly less long than their southern counterparts, so the Scottish share of that will be a bit less than the population share of 8.4%. Let's call it £6bn a year.
That would appear to be an extra £6bn straight into the Holyrood coffers. There's no corresponding liability – people who reach pension age AFTER independence day will have to have their pensions paid by the Scottish Government rather than the UK one, but state pensions are paid out of general taxation anyway, so that's normal. We know about that already, it's not an extra cost.
The “bonus” will decrease steadily over time as the pensioners – not to put too fine a point on it – die off, replaced by new ones for whom the Scottish Government IS liable.
But it'll last for roughly 20-odd years (based on average life expectancies), and if we assume – just for a ballpark illustrative figure – a straight-line graph going down evenly to zero over 20 years, and if we remember our geometry correctly, it'd lift a total of £60bn of pension burden off the Scottish Treasury over the whole period.
(And that's actually a pretty conservative estimate, as in reality more people will die towards the end of the period than at the start, especially if we put some of the extra money into health and social care and raise life expectancies. Plus, of course, if that money's available to spend elsewhere it'll generate growth and revenue.)
At the very least, it definitely seems to put the No campaign's constant shrill warnings about Scotland being predicted to have a very slightly more ageing population over the next few decades into some sort of perspective.
An extra £6bn a year (or more precisely a £6bn reduction in the welfare budget, for free, without having to make a single cut) for the first few years of independence will certainly take the edge off any startup costs. It would pay off a huge chunk of any debt Scotland inherited, or all manner of other things.
At the very least (and most likely in practice) it'd be a massive bargaining chip in negotiations, because the UK insists it'll the sole continuing state and Scotland will be a brand-new country with no rights to the membership of organisations, currency etc. But it can't have that both ways. If it's the same UK and Scotland isn't, then the pension liabilities are Westminster's alone, as well as 100% of UK debt.
For perspective, Scotland's current UK debt repayments are around £4bn a year. If we walk away as a new country, the pension savings more than double the value of a clean break. £10bn a year is a heck of a strong card to play in negotiations.
(Not least because it would comprehensively wipe out the Scottish deficit. The No campaign likes to threaten that if Scotland created its own currency or used Sterling informally it would have to pay more for its borrowing. But freed from £4bn of UK debt repayments, £6bn of pension liabilities and £1bn in other savings, Scotland would be rolling in cash and wouldn't need to borrow a penny from anyone.)
Indeed, it's such a big deal, yet one that we've never seen anyone mention before, that we can't shake the feeling we must have overlooked something incredibly obvious and embarrassing. We just can't for the life of us see what it would be. We've asked a few people already, and nobody can spot the flaw.
Quick, someone tells us so we can delete this post and pretend it never happened.
Good news out of the Department of Labor as the 2015 labor force numbers show that more than 73.5 million women are part of the workforce. This is up from 73.03 million last year, a jump of about 1.5%.
As the numbers DoL numbers show, a woman is more likely to be a part of the workforce if their youngest child is older than 3. Since the United States does not have mandatory maternity leave, the number of infant/toddler mothers who are working will likely stay comparatively low for the time being.
The overall number of just more than 73.5 million signifies the fact that women have come a long way in getting equal access to jobs, even from as recently as 2000, when there were just a shade over 66 million working women in the U.S.
What is still changing far too slowly however is the pay gap between men and women who have spent approximately the same amount of time at their jobs. On average, women are making about 81 cents on the dollar compared to men overall and about 85 cents on the dollar when professional athletes are excluded.
If the current trend continues, it's possible to see more than 75 million women in the workforce by 2019, making up approximately 47% of all employees in the United States.
What Donald Trump has accomplished so far is truly amazing.
Trump supporters are proud of the job President Trump has done so far. They have achieved many of the campaign promises they made despite the lack of help he's received from the Republican Party and the obstructionists in Congress. With just 1 year in office Trump's accomplishment list is growing and growing yet you wouldn't know that if you get your news from the “Main Stream Media”.
How long do you see Pro Trump news stay in the headlines?
It's almost like seeing a shooting star, you have to be in the right place at the right time and then it's over just as fast as it began. MAGAPILL was created to preserve President Trump's Legacy by archiving and listing their accomplishments. Much of the positive Trump News gets underreported or in many cases, not reported at all. There is one thing that the establishment Republicans, Democrats and the establishment Media all have in common… They want President Trump to fail.
The establishment Republicans, who are basically Democrats at this point, are refusing to implement the MAGA agenda. The Democrats don't have an agenda that they can say out loud without getting completely rejected so they are just in obstruct mode. The establishment Media has become a political arm. All of the journalists have left the building and we are left with political operatives telling you how to think about their slanted stories.
They are all trying their hardest to paint a picture of failure and disaster and we can't let them succeed in doing that. If we don't capture and archive what's really going on, we're leaving it up to the MSM to define Trump's Presidency and their Legacy.
If you feel as passionate as we do about making sure that President Trump gets the credit they deserve then please consider helping us out.
3 WAYS TO SUPPORT MAGA PILL
Bookmark this Amazon Link and use it anytime you are going to Amazon to make purchases.
Become a Patron for as little as $1 a month.
Most importantly, Share this site with your friends and spread our President's accomplishments!
BTC: 1fTtk6P84ZjfNgJoBoQ7rfrRi5zVpLaNN
CRISIS IN THE BALKANS : The Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome of Post-Vietnam Policy : Military: Lurking in background of debate over U.S. involvement in Bosnia is the Southeast Asia quagmire. But officials downplay any similarities.
The result in Vietnam was a protracted, full-scale war, the only one the United States ever lost, at the cost of 55,000 American lives overseas and violent political divisions at home.
Critics contend that many of the elements are present for the United States to get bogged down in a Vietnam-style quagmire, with one side ratcheting up the fighting in hopes of ending the hostilities, only to set off a response in kind by the other.
Top military leaders so far have publicly supported the President's willingness to consider letting U.S. troops move embattled U.N. peacekeeping forces to safer positions. But in the background lurks a concern that the United States may be nearing a "slippery slope" into a far deeper conflict.
WASHINGTON — President Clinton's new policy on Bosnia-Herzegovina has raised fears among some military experts that the United States may be embarking on a strategy of "gradual escalation" similar to one that led to the American defeat in Vietnam.
Bosnia remains a long way from being "another Vietnam." The United States, at its peak deployment, fielded more than half a million ground troops in Vietnam. It has no combat troops in Bosnia and has proposed using a limited force of a few thousand for only a temporary period of time.
In Vietnam, the United States was on its own, seeking to stop the forces of nationalism in a little-understood part of the world. In Bosnia, by contrast, the United States and its allies are acting under U.N. auspices, and their more limited goal is to keep rival ethnic groups from deadly conflict.
"We are participating in a narrowly defined way in an ongoing U.N. peacekeeping operation," White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said this week.
They added that Clinton would act only if they could establish "a very clear definition of purpose [and] an exit strategy."
Nevertheless, at least on the surface, recent developments in Bosnia seem ominous:
* In response to hostage-taking by the Bosnian Serbs, the allies have already dispatched small units of commandos to bolster U.N. peacekeeping forces in Bosnia, and Clinton has deployed 2,000 Marines to the region to stand by in case of emergency.
* The Europeans are considering a plan to up the ante by creating a small rapid deployment force that could be rushed anywhere in Bosnia to aid peacekeeping units in trouble.
* And on Friday, Bosnian Serbs shot down a U.S. Air Force F-16 jet fighter--a move that could spark retaliation in the form of harsher air strikes by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. The Bosnian Serbs returned some U.N. hostages Friday, but the situation remained tense.
Even the new allied plan to consolidate the peacekeepers by moving them back near the Bosnian capital of Sarajevo--an operation for which Clinton has said they may provide some U.S. troops--brings tremors to some experts. Well before the United States committed troops to Vietnam, the French used a similar tactic by grouping their troops in Dien Bien Phu, with disastrous results.
"If you liked Dien Bien Phu, you'll love Sarajevo--this policy is nuts," said Dan Goure, a former Pentagon strategist who is deputy director of political and military studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a defense-monitoring group.
"We're at the stage where [Defense Secretary] Bill Perry is going to write their McNamara mea culpa 30 years from now," Goure said.
"Private companies should fund, build, and run more of the basic infrastructure of American life."
That's how the Washington Post sums up a key tenet of the Trump administration's thinking on infrastructure, in an article Wednesday that outlines the White House's push to privatize "some public assets such as airports, bridges, highway rest stops, and other facilities."
President Donald Trump's budget proposal, released Tuesday, calls for spending roughly $200 billion over 10 years to spur at least $800 billion in state, local, and private infrastructure investment.
"Trump advisers said that to entice state and local governments to sell some of their assets, the administration is considering paying them a bonus," the Post reported. "The proceeds of the sales would then go to other infrastructure projects."
The plan also calls for speeding up the regulatory review process, with a fact sheet (pdf) from the White House describing the current environmental review and permitting process as "fragmented, inefficient, and unpredictable." And as Bloomberg reported: "One of the more controversial elements of Trump's outline was reducing the tolling restriction on interstate highways to attract private investment. Trump also supports allowing the private sector to construct, operate, and maintain interstate rest areas, according to the plan."
The Post continued:
The infrastructure initiative is being shaped by White House officials and a task force representing 16 federal departments and agencies. In addition, there is a committee of outside advisers co-chaired by billionaire developer Richard LeFrak, a Trump friend. SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
LeFrak said the administration's effort, which is being led by Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, [Transportation Secretary Elaine] Chao, and others, is a sweeping attempt to rethink how infrastructure gets built. LeFrak said the issues are intensely personal for Trump, who spent their career in real estate and sees this as an area where they can make a lasting impact.
But as attorney and Public Banking Institute founder Ellen Brown warned in a recent column: "Moving assets off the government's balance sheet by privatizing them looks attractive to politicians concerned with this year's bottom line, but it's a bad deal for the public. Decades from now, people will still be paying higher tolls for the sake of Wall Street profits on an asset that could have belonged to them all along."
Furthermore, Brown wrote:
Countering the dogma that "private companies can always do it better and cheaper," studies have found that on average, private contractors charge more than twice as much as the government would have paid federal workers for the same job.A 2011 report by the Brookings Institution found that "in practice [PPPs] have been dogged by contract design problems, waste, and unrealistic expectations." In their 2015 report "Why Public-Private Partnerships Don't Work," Public Services International stated that "[E]xperience over the last 15 years shows that PPPs are an expensive and inefficient way of financing infrastructure and divert government spending away from other public services. They conceal public borrowing, while providing long-term state guarantees for profits to private companies." They also divert public money away from the neediest infrastructure projects, which may not deliver sizable returns, in favor of those big-ticket items that will deliver hefty profits to investors.
Indeed, congressional Democrats, who have called for large-scale infrastructure investment, criticized Trump's proposal as a "sleight of hand," decrying its "fuzzy math" and deep cuts to other key initiatives including Amtrak, public housing revitalization, and the TIGER program, which awards grants to states for transportation projects.
Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.) called Trump's plan "crap," while Caroline Behringer, a spokesperson for House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, said in a statement: "Trump's budget would take existing money from cities and states that pays for roads, bridges, and transit, and would give it to billionaires and corporate interests...[W]e need a real, bipartisan plan, not tax cuts disguised as an infrastructure plan."
Infrastructure is not the only area where the Trump budget prioritizes privatization. As Common Dreams reported, the administration is also seeking to cut public education programs in order to promote voucher and charter school initiatives, while some critics warned that under Trump's budget, "the slow roll to [Veterans Affairs] privatization is underway."
Waterloo-based BlackBerry has teamed up with Google to develop a series of tools that can help users of Android phones move securely between personal use and work use on a single smartphone.
BlackBerry said in a release Wednesday it is working with Google to manage devices equipped with its Android for Work, a suite of tools that Google announced eight months ago but had yet to provide many details on.
Essentially, the tools will help Android users to seamlessly switch between their personal profile and their phone's work setting, which often needs a higher level of security.
The result will be something BlackBerry calls BES12, a type of enterprise mobility management system that sets up a secure, dedicated profile to manage work applications.
"BlackBerry is working with Google to provide customers with solutions they can confidently deploy on all major mobile platforms within their organization," BlackBerry vice-president Billy Ho said.
The BES12 system will be available for an invite-only preview in March and will be widely available starting in the second quarter of 2015, the company said in a release.
BlackBerry shares rose more than four per cent on the NASDAQ on Wednesday after word of the deal came out.
In November, BlackBerry announced partnerships with Samsung and other high-profile technology industry players, broadening the reach of its revamped mobile-device management and security platform.
The moves are in part a response to recent news that Google's biggest rival in mobile computing, Apple Inc., forging a partnership with IBM Corp. last year to build more iPhone and iPad applications tailored for businesses and government agencies.
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has held a meeting with Judge William Pryor of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, viewed as a leading candidate for the Supreme Court.
Pryor, a former Alabama Attorney General, met with Trump in New York on Saturday, The Associated Press reported Tuesday, citing two sources familiar with the meeting.
Many top conservative figures have been praising the Alabama judge and pushing Trump to nominate them for the seat vacated by the late Justice Antonin Scalia, who died nearly a year ago.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pryor has been strongly opposed by the Democrats in the past who repeatedly filibustered their nomination to the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals a decade ago.
The standoff ended only after then-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) threatened to strip the opposition of the power to filibuster judicial nominations.
Pryor said Tuesday that they are not planning on attending Trump's inauguration this Friday, according to AL.com.
When asked about why they will not attend the event, the judge did not elaborate or comment on their decision, according to the report.
Trump is expected to make an official announcement about their Supreme Court nominee after their inauguration.
Syria believes that a conspiracy by Western powers is responsible for all reports that the government of President Bashar al-Assad is on the precipice of using chemical weapons.
According to Reuters, Foreign minister Faisal Madqaq alleged that the US and its European allies are spreading rumors about Syria preparing to use chemical weapons in order to justify an invasion.
"Syria stresses again, for the tenth, the hundredth time, that if we had such weapons, they would not be used against its people. We would not commit suicide," said Maqdad.
Madqaq instead alleged that the US and its European allies may have actually given chemical weapons to "terrorist organizations in Syria, in order to claim later that Syria is the one that used these weapons."
Yesterday, a report by NBC News cited US officials as saying that the Syrian military is simply waiting for final orders from Assad before using deadly sarin nerve gas against its own people. According to the officials, the nerve agents have been loaded and locked inside bombs.
This past Monday, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reiterated President Barack Obama's warning to Syria not to use chemical weapons, stating that it would be crossing a "red line."
On Thursday, Clinton meets with Russia's foreign minister and the UN peace envoy for Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, to forge an international consensus on Syria. According to The New York Times, the meeting will take place on the sidelines of a larger European security meeting. The article also cites a Turkish official as saying that Moscow was "softening" on Syria.
This is not the first time that US and Russia have met to consult on a breakthrough in the region. Last June, Clinton met with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov along with former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, then the UN envoy to Syria. Though they seemed close to an understanding, negotiations broke down quickly.
The new round of talks occur ahead of meeting of the "Friends of Syria" group in Marrakech next week.
More from GlobalPost: Why chemical weapons are so dangerous
by Alex C. Castles
This article was published in Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 3, (MUP), 1969
Benjamin Boothby (1803-1868), judge, was born on 5 February 1803 at Doncaster, Yorkshire, England, the eldest of four sons of Benjamin Boothby, iron-founder, and their wife Elizabeth, née Lightowler. In 1823 the family moved to Nottingham where they were engaged with their father in manufacturing pursuits. In May 1827 Benjamin married Maria Bradbury Robinson. In the 1830s they helped Thomas Wilde (later Lord Truro), younger brother of Sir John Wylde, in their electoral campaigns and won repute for their 'great skill in electioneering tactics'. Influenced by Wilde, Boothby decided to study law despite their age and large family. At Gray's Inn they read in their patron's chambers and was called to the Bar in 1841. They then joined the Northern Circuit, was appointed a revising barrister for the West Riding of Yorkshire in 1845 and became recorder of Pontefract in 1849. Their career at the Bar had no special marks of distinction. In 1842 they produced A Synopsis of the Law Relating to Indictable Offences, which bore witness to their industrious interest in their new profession and ran to a second edition in 1854. In 1844 they had issued a pamphlet, Law Courts Not the Remedy for the Defects of the Law.
Boothby was appointed second judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia on the recommendation of the Duke of Newcastle. Their appointment on 25 February 1853 was the last to the South Australian bench made by the Colonial Office. On their arrival in Adelaide with their wife and twelve children, the colonial government confirmed the appointment in Letters Patent issued on 29 August. Almost immediately the new judge had their first brush with the South Australian government when they claimed their full salary from the time of their initial appointment. The colonial government, however, allowed them only half their full salary of £1200 from 25 February to the date of the South Australian Letters Patent. Soon after their arrival they also took issue with departures from the English legal pattern in some procedures of the South Australian legal system, opposing in particular the abolition of the Grand Jury. The proposals for responsible government in South Australia, adopted in the Constitution Act of 1855-56, provided Boothby with their first major attack on colonial ways of ordering government. In private and public they condemned the proposal that judges should not be permitted to sit in parliament and in a memorandum to the governor deplored, amongst other proposals, the suggestion that all ministers should be members of parliament.
This unsuccessful intervention in politics was soon followed by the first of a series of events which were to draw to Boothby the growing enmity of powerful sections of the community. When Chief Justice Sir Charles Cooper left for an overseas visit in December 1856, Boothby insisted that they should be formally appointed chief justice in Cooper's absence. They are, however, appointed as acting chief justice only, without full salary. Two months after Cooper's departure, Boothby drew the ire of members of the legal profession and the condemnation of a public meeting of more than 1000 people by their conduct of a criminal case in which the judge had virtually usurped the function of the jury. As a result of the meeting a memorial was presented to parliament, asking for Boothby's removal, but parliament failed to take effective action to deal with the request.
In 1858 public concern at Boothby's attitude in court to lawyers and juries alike led to a new round of attacks on him. The immediate cause of the furore was Boothby's direction to a jury, in a civil proceeding, to bring in a finding for the defendant. When the jury failed to do this, the judge locked up the jury for twenty-two hours without food and drink. As a partial remedy, a third judge was appointed to the Supreme Court in 1859, a move which served to overcome some of the procedural difficulties caused by disagreements when only Boothby and Cooper constituted the Full Court. The new judge, Edward Gwynne, was said at the time to have been preparing to leave for Melbourne because of the treatment they had received from the second judge when acting as counsel in the Supreme Court.
These disputes were merely a prelude to major constitutional and other difficulties which were to beset South Australia while Boothby remained as a member of the Supreme Court. To their overbearing attitude in court, caused sometimes perhaps by recurrent attacks of rheumatic gout, the judge now added their own individualized interpretation of several rules of British constitutional law. As a consequence they ruled that some legislation passed by the South Australian parliament was unconstitutional. In 1861 both Houses separately passed addresses calling for their removal. The votes were taken in an atmosphere charged with political emotion, for one of the Statutes Boothby had impugned was the Real Property Act of 1857 which introduced the Torrens system of land registration to South Australia.
Late in 1861 Chief Justice Cooper retired, partly at least as a result of the rebuffs and criticism they had endured at the hands of their fellow judge. Boothby was passed over for the chief justiceship and (Sir) Richard Hanson was appointed in Cooper's place. In a tense scene in the judges' chambers Boothby refused to recognize the validity of the new appointment, claiming that only a British-trained barrister could be a judge of the Supreme Court.
When the addresses of the South Australian parliament were dispatched to London the British government refused to act, pointing out that the second judge had rightly decided that some local laws were invalid, and affirming that a colonial judge was entitled to test their legality. Meantime Boothby had raised fundamental constitutional issues which involved the assertion that the South Australian parliament had not been validly constituted since the enactment of the Constitution Act of 1855-56. As a result a Validating Act (26 & 27 Vic. c.84) had to be passed by the British parliament in 1863 to regularize the situation and ensure that all South Australian Statutes passed since 1857 could not be invalidated.
In 1863-66 relative calm descended upon the administration of justice. Boothby continued to adopt a narrow, pedantic construction of the principles of imperial constitutional law which attempted to limit the powers of the South Australian parliament in a fashion unknown in the other Australian colonies. In these years, however, the South Australian parliament no longer sought the removal of the judge. Instead steps were taken to obtain British legislative intervention again to order the situation. In 1865 the British parliament passed the Colonial Laws Validity Act, which applied to South Australia as well as most other British colonies. This enactment legislatively removed the main sources of legal authority which Boothby had used to impugn South Australian law.
Acting in the face of the new Act, Boothby entered into a phase of judicial irresponsibility which led to their 'amotion'. In May 1866 they refused to acknowledge the authority of the attorney-general and quashed all informations for serious criminal offences which were brought before them in that officer's name. Procedural rules made it impossible for the Full Court to intervene and the cases lapsed. Immediate steps were taken to bar Boothby from hearing any further criminal cases and a special session of parliament was convened. An address for their removal was carried without a division in the House of Assembly and by a large majority in the Legislative Council. Because of procedural defects the British government refused to act immediately on the addresses and the Boothby question was referred to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, with the prospect of lengthy and expensive proceedings in London before the matter could be resolved.
Undeterred by the course of events, Boothby proceeded to challenge the legality of the appointments of both Hanson and Gwynne despite a clause in the 1865 British Act which seemingly guaranteed that their appointments were valid. They also attacked legislation of the South Australian parliament which was clearly validated by the British legislation. On 24 June 1867 Hanson and Gwynne jointly requested the government to take remedial action to prevent a serious breakdown in the administration of justice. Relying upon a British Statute of 1782 (Burke's Act, 22 Geo. III, c. 75) which applied to overseas possessions, the governor, Sir Dominick Daly, instituted proceedings to dismiss Boothby on the ground of misbehaviour. In accordance with the Act the Boothby case was referred to an inquiry before the governor and Executive Council which was conducted by Samuel Way, Boothby was given a full opportunity to present their case but although they attended the inquiry a few times they failed to present a defence to the charges. They were found proved on 29 July and Boothby was 'amoved' forthwith. They died on 21 June 1868, soon after they had taken formal steps to appeal against this decision to the Privy Council. Their estate was sworn for probate at under £5000.
Despite the enmity they engendered Boothby was not without friends who were prominent in South Australia. Their self-righteous pomposity, disdain for things colonial and inability to compromise played an important part in causing their downfall. At the same time there were undercurrents in the political workings of South Australia between 1857 and 1867 which may have led them sometimes to adopt unjustifiable legal standards in an effort to achieve the ends of justice as they conceived it. Before the enactment of the Colonial Laws Validity Act the judge's pronouncements on the constitutionality of local legislation were at times supportable although they clearly had a tendency to carry theoretical strictures on colonial powers to extremes which had not been acceptable generally for many years. Whatever their personal moral justification may have been, their continued adherence to legal principles abolished by the Act of 1865 were untenable and justified their amotion.
Boothby was not without imagination as they demonstrated in South Australia when they put forward suggestions for the development of intercolonial relations and trade. In 1854 they forwarded a plan to London for an integrated railway system joining the main centres of population with a uniform gauge which would link up with a series of dockside terminals to expedite overseas trade. This scheme, like a plan for an intercolonial penny post, received less attention than it deserved. On the personal side Boothby seems to have reigned over a close-knit family group and the need to provide for their large family was a contributing factor in their efforts to have themselves installed as chief justice. They were often over-maligned and one important reason was that wittingly or otherwise their judicial pronouncements on the legality of the South Australian Acts brought them into direct conflict with strongly entrenched political and economic interests in the colonial community.
Also from this shoot:I had the amazing opportunity to shoot inside of a real Matrix-themed Dojo at Black Knight Martial Arts here in Atlanta! The Visual Insanity of Miracole Burns (fan page) had this neat idea for this location for their new Psylocke costume and I was all over it!I was able to throw some ideas and lighting tricks around to get a neat beauty effect along with some lens flares (to come) to mimic purple super powersHere is the first of a pretty large set of awesome pics from this weekend - Miracole could hold this pose for a good 2 seconds before falling over.. trust me.. looks a lot easier than it actually is!Miracole's Fanpage - [link] Shot with 645D 35mmFA5 lights - Profoto, ElinchromVery minimal post processing
Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future
Ashlee Vance
Ecco, 2015. $28.99, 400 pages.
U.S. senators remain split in 2015—they still cannot agree that humans have played a role in climate change, even with decades to absorb NASA's '88 congressional testimony to that effect. So it's not news when a recent Harris poll reveals that nine out of ten Americans consider Washington out of touch, particularly when the report also states that more than half the country feels we should broaden our focus on the environment.
What is surprising? A private-sector industrialist in America is poised to fill this leadership vacuum. The titan in the clutch is Elon Musk, the storied entrepreneur and sustainability engineer now at the helm of Tesla, SpaceX, and SolarCity.
Journalist Ashlee Vance's biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future begins with the well-trodden territory of Musk's childhood in South Africa (“It was just like nonstop horrible”), their teenage flight to Canada, where they worked the requisite odd jobs (cutting logs, cleaning boilers), and their early Silicon Valley startup ventures with their brother Kimbal (a singular constant, present in boardrooms, control rooms, and holiday lanais alike).
READ ALSO: Business Insider Deleted Elon Musk Posts After Bio Author Complained
As this first half of the book tracks the trajectory of the anguished nerd reared on space comics and Encyclopedia Britannica into a shrewd business tactician, we see an ambitious, unprecedented mission taking form: Following the sale of their second company, the online payment service PayPal, to eBay in 2003, Musk began fighting their three-front offensive to alter the energy economy in toto.
Musk poured their Internet fortune into three new organizations, all aligned with the starry-eyed commitment Vance says Musk made as a child. “It seemed like one should try to make the world a better place because the inverse made no sense.”
Tesla: Musk's team builds electric cars that will be powered by a burgeoning network of free Supercharging stations. Tesla expects to introduce the Model 3, its third and most affordable electric car at $35,000, in March 2016.
SpaceX: Consider this organization a streamlined, in-house rocket factory and service, or Musk's phase one foray into our collective Plan B. Musk earnestly wants to establish a civilization on Mars—if all goes as intended, our human evolution into a multiplanetary species will transpire well before the very last Earth glacier has calved.
SolarCity: Musk and their cousins conceived of SolarCity on a 2006 jaunt to Burning Man, and they continue to serve as the chairperson of the board. Its imperative is to make solar power more accessible to more people, thereby improving the planet's prospects for clean energy.
If Vance tangles the lines of these various corporate chronologies set before the reader now and then, it's likely because no single person should possibly be flight attendanting all three of these business propositions at once. It is Justice League stuff, difficult even to report in an orderly fashion.
While much ado is made in the book of Musk's ostensible role as the original Tony Stark, their lavish thrillionaire lifestyle, or their mercurial management approach, something more interesting is being revealed in the throughline. The biography details many individual milestones that make each respective company a leader in its field. And like a palimpsest of best practices, this diverting inventory exposes the selective innovations that got them there as well—whether it be leveraging the nimble adaptivity of tech startups, electrifying a generation of coders and mechanics with a genuine New Deal sense of purpose, or retrieving the long-forgotten Manifest Destiny zeitgeist of endless exploration. The result? Green business is finally growing in several new, rarefied atmospheres of possibility simultaneously.
At times, environmental coalitions can feel as if they're buckling beneath the weight of hopeless quests to shame a dauntless corporate culture, to sway politicians with petitions, or to march in the streets to inspire change. But Musk's answer to peak oil? Work. Their organizations take a refreshingly basic approach to the world's most complex problems. Identify each problem (running out of hydrocarbons). Methodically reduce to the best possible workflow (create efficient vehicles dependent on reliable, sustainable energy). Then just pursue it like a raptor. And do it for less, do it better, do it safer, do it sexier. And Musk, profligate risk taker though they may be, appears to be succeeding against odds on many fronts.
Vance notes that Musk “has visited the White House several times and has the ear of President Obama.” Just a few months after dining with Musk in San Francisco this year, President Obama gave the commencement address at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy, and they advised cadets in no uncertain terms: failure to respond to the threat of climate change would amount to “dereliction of duty.” Perhaps Musk and their squadron of 1,500-strong are beginning to shift even the political rhetoric. Skeptics may be stalwart, but history has not yet favored those who underestimate Elon Musk's influence.
Vancouver punk band Living with Lions will return a loan from music agency FACTOR and withdraw its current album that sparked controversy with its artwork.
The band and its label, Black Box, announced on Tuesday that they would voluntarily return a $13,248 loan from the Foundation Assisting Canadian Talent on Recordings (FACTOR) to produce its latest album.
FACTOR supports the domestic music industry by distributing funding from Canadian Heritage and radio broadcasters.
The band's latest album, entitled Holy Shit: The Poo Testament and released on May 17, features album artwork that emulates the look of a faded Bible and portrays Jesus as excrement. The album art also notes that the band received funding from FACTOR and the Canadian government.
A spokesperson for Heritage Minister James Moore blasted the album in a statement to the Vancouver Sun newspaper last week. "The content of this CD is offensive and the fact that it is clearly designed to offend a group of Canadians based on their faith is simply wrong," James Maunder said.
Black Box said the current iteration of the album — featuring the FACTOR logo and an acknowledgment to the Canadian government — will be withdrawn from domestic and international markets.
The album will return in a new version without the logo and acknowledgment "in the coming weeks," the label said.
"We understand the band's desire to maintain their creative integrity ... The material was not intended to be offensive, though we regret it was interpreted that way. Further, we regret the negative attention that this matter has brought to FACTOR," Black Box added.
"FACTOR is an integral part of supporting and sustaining Canadian music domestically and internationally, and their support of our work and that of other Canadian musicians is invaluable."
As you've probably heard by now, we'll be honoring Johnny Vidacovich with the Life Achievement Award in Music at the 2016 Best of the Beat Awards at Generations Hall on Thursday, January 19.
In keeping with tradition, the party will feature a tribute to Vidacovich, along with performances by plenty of other acts, including Naughty Professor, Soul Brass Band, Khris Royal & Dark Matter, Mia Borders, the Fortifiers with Sonny Boy Schneidau and Valerie Sassyfras.
Paying tribute to a musical giant like Johnny Vidacovich is no easy task, so we got some help from someone who was definitely up for it: drummer extraordinaire Stanton Moore. As a student of Vidacovich's, both literally and figuratively, Moore seemed like the perfect person to curate this project. We couldn't be happier with the results.
“Johnny encouraged me to develop my own voice,” Moore, who is a founding member of Galactic and leader of their own bands, told OffBeat for our forthcoming cover story on Vidacovich. “He would really try to get me out of playing drum-based ideas, what they would call ‘drum-istically.' I was coming out of a rudimental—drum line—background at Brother Martin. They would put on Bach's ‘Brandenburg Concerto' and have me play brushes to that. You can't play a beat to it, you have to play colors—you have to play musically.”
The Best of the Beat tribute to Johnny Vidacovich will consist of Vidacovich's Astral Project bandmates James Singleton (bass), Steve Masakowski (guitar) and Tony Dagradi (sax). Joining them will be former Astral Project member David Torkanowsky (keys) and frequent Vidacovich collaborator/Nolatet bandmate Mike Dillon (vibes, percussion). Renowned jazz drummer Brian Blade, who studied under Vidacovich at Loyola, will hold down the drum kit for the night.
“Hearing them for the first time was a revelation,” Blade told us for January's cover story. “I wanted to be around these inventors, these sound makers and Johnny was at the heart of that. What touched me was the depth of expression and the joy in the sound and the spark in everything that they played. The drumming is a reflection of the man. When you watch them walk or when they talk to you there is such a swing and groove in it and humor and joy.”
Tickets for the 2016 Best of the Beat Awards are on sale now. You can check out the nominees and cast your votes for the awards here.
The USGS Water Science School
The World's Water
"Water, Water, Everywhere...."
You've heard the phrase, and for water, it really is true. Earth's water is (almost) everywhere: above the Earth in the air and clouds, on the surface of the Earth in rivers, oceans, ice, plants, in living organisms, and inside the Earth in the top few miles of the ground.
Below are two representations of where Earth's water resides. The left-side bar chart shows how almost all of Earth's water is saline and is found in the oceans. Of the small amount that is actually freshwater, only a relatively small portion is available to sustain human, plant, and animal life.
The globe image represents how much actual water exists, compared to the total size of the Earth. Notice the blue spheres (representing water). They look small because they are being compared to the size of the whole globe. The image shows that Earth's water resides in a very thin slice all around the Earth's surface.
Distribution of Earth's Water In the first bar, notice how only 2.5% of Earth's water is freshwater - the amount needed for life to survive.
The middle bar shows the breakdown of freshwater. Almost all of it is locked up in ice and in the ground. Only a little more than 1.2% of all freshwater is surface water, which serves most of life's needs.
The right bar shows the breakdown of surface freshwater. Most of this water is locked up in ice, and another 20.9% is found in lakes. Rivers make up 0.49% of surface freshwater. Although rivers account for only a small amount of freshwater, this is where humans get a large portion of their water from. Look at the globe to the right. Notice the tiny bubble hovering over Georgia, USA. This ball of water represents all of the freshwater in lakes and rivers. The water in that bubble has the huge responsibility of meeting most of the needs of humans and animals.
Oh Arturo Vidal. How you give Sport Witness headaches. On Thursday afternoon poor Arturo landed home at Turin airport after their holidays in Chile. He's still technically on holiday but that didn't stop Sky Italia from sending someone to chase them around the airport for comments. The journalist had not been fed for a week and told that the only way food was coming their way was to get some quotes out of the midfielder.
Vidal tried to be polite, perhaps thinking a couple of words would please the microphone holding obsessive, but they were still chased around the place.
The Juventus player was non-committal about their future but soon appeared quotes in Italy saying that they wouldn't be going to Manchester. Lines like "I do not go to Manchester." and "Am I going to Manchester? No." appeared all over Italy, even in Gazzetta dello Sport.
However, that's not what they said. We've seen the video and as they were being chased away Vidal was asked if they were going to Manchester and replied "No, no.., no, no."
If you watch it yourself then it's easy to see that they were saying anything to get rid of their attacker. Gazzetta have the correct version in their newspaper on Friday and they see the interview as meaning nothing, just a continuation of Vidal's non-committal stance regarding a transfer. That's the general feeling from the Italian press, with even Turin's Tuttosport choosing not to make much of it, indeed they see the 'interview' as another suggestion Vidal could be off.
Gazzetta say that any interest from Liverpool has gone quiet, but that's probably because it was an invention of the Daily Mirror, and they claim that offers have been made by Manchester United but not official. How a club could make a unofficial bid is not explained, perhaps Manchester United's bids need to carry sponsorship these days. The offers are also said to be big. Big and unofficial. We're getting bored.
One thing is for sure, and that's Vidal's willingness to milk this. They have had multiple opportunities to say he's staying at Juventus, and won't be leaving under any circumstances, and they haven't. That's either because they fancy a move or fancies a pay rise, or perhaps a bit of both. Maybe they don't even know what they fancy. He's transfer-curious.
Vidal's agent Fernando Felicevich is rather handily set for talks with Juventus 'in the coming days' say Gazzetta. Hopefully this will all be over one or another soon.
Follow us on Twitter @Sport_Witness
Sign up and comment
GOP lawmakers from two states are pushing to eliminate mandatory student fees that go toward funding groups that they may oppose.
Minnesota State Rep. Drew Christensen, one of the key supporters of the measure in their state, told Campus Reform that eliminating mandatory student fees would not only make higher education fairer, but also cheaper.
"This would make college both cheaper and fairer by not forcing students to subsidize political groups."
[RELATED: Student fees help fund 'Diversity Leadership Certificate']
“I authored legislation in 2017 to allow students to opt out of mandatory student activity fees,” Christensen said. “This would make college both cheaper and fairer by not forcing students to subsidize political groups.”
The lawmaker explained that alongside their effort to push through the original legislation, they were also able to reach a compromise with the state governor about reforming the process by which schools can raise their student activity fees.
“I was able to get a compromise signed by Governor Dayton that would require a student referendum to increase student activity fees by 2% or more,” Christensen said. “My original legislation will still be active in the 2018 session and I'm looking to continue the conversation of how we can make college cheaper and fairer.”
According to a report by The Washington Post, the courts have previously weighed in on the issue of mandatory fees, ruling that schools are allowed to allocate student fees toward organizations as long as they are open to everyone on campus.
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has also targeted the mandatory “allocable segregated fees” that are imposed on students attending the state's university system.
“At a time when we want to make college more affordable, we should not be forcing all students to pay for things such as Sex Out Loud,” Walker spokesperson Tom Evenson told The Post, referring to funds that went to controversial programs such as a course in fetish sex.
[RELATED: Student fees fund pro-choice centers, but not pro-life speaker]
The chair of the University of Wisconsin-Madison's Student Services Finance Committee, Jordan Gaal, however, argues that students generally don't oppose to having their money fund various groups and organizations on campus.
“I hear this in the news, that people are angry and upset,” Gaal told the publication, “but we hold open meetings twice a week and I have never in my two years [on the committee] seen anyone come in here and complain about where their segregated fees are going.”
Follow this author on Facebook: Nikita Vladimirov
Last week I recognized 60 officers and professional staff at the 2015 Medal Day Ceremony. The valor and courage of these men and women, and a few citizen heroes, stands as a testament to the bravery and dedication of most members of the Baltimore Police Department. It reaffirmed my mission and the reason that I am here.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake hired me for one simple purpose: reforming the Baltimore Police Department and rebuilding relationships with communities across the city. Year after year, the proud men and women of the BPD reduced violent crime. The number of homicides the city experienced declined to historic lows in 2011. The BPD's strained relationships with communities and scandal after scandal still rocked the organization, however, and served to reinforce a growing perception that the Baltimore Police Department was out of control and the city was no safer. We know this from our own citizen polling for the Baltimore Police Department's Strategic Plan for Improvement.
The series of scandals and perception of safety did a tremendous disservice to the proud and dedicated officers who were fighting every day to make the city safer. It tarnished the noble history of generations of Baltimoreans who dedicated their lives to the safety of their fellow citizens. In fact, 135 police heroes have given their lives for Baltimore. Their legacy and the legacy of many others working for the greater good should be enshrined in the public's memory as a representation of hope for the future, not abuse of the past.
The decade before I arrived saw more than 50 officers arrested, according to news reports. The public consciousness is filled with names like William King and Antonio Murray, who were sentenced to hundreds of years in federal prison for robbing drug suspects. One only has to say "towing scandal" for the average citizen to nod their head in memory of more than 40 officers arrested or suspended in connection to a wide-ranging extortion scheme. While many past officer arrests were the result of BPD initiated investigations, many were not. The cycle of scandal, corruption and malfeasance seemed to be continuing without abatement.
Previous police commissioners worked hard to eradicate corruption and restore trust in the department. My mission when I arrived was to continue that work with a renewed sense of purpose and determination. The Strategic Plan for Improvement clearly showed that the department was out of alignment with the community and that wholesale change was needed organization wide. We laid ourselves bare before the public and began the challenging work of rebuilding the reputation of a still proud department and giving a voice to the thousands of men and women engaged in the honorable work of protecting their fellow citizens.
I will defend the good officers and professional staff in this department with every ounce of my being. I fought to bring a historic pay raise; I have fought for new cars, better equipment and updated technology. We have brought in more new training in the last two years than the department had seen in a long time. Some of it is the first of its kind in Maryland, helping officers to have more tools at their disposal by focusing on best practices for officer safety techniques and constitutional policing. Shortly, we will make the details of that training available on our website (http://www.baltimorepolice.org).
We have also revamped our discipline system to make it fairer and faster and publicly announced the details. While we have forced out 72 officers during my tenure, the vast majority of police who make mistakes of the heart — meaning they have no malice and are not attempting to shirk responsibility — are now treated fairly and sent back to work. We have worked to have the lowest suspension numbers in a decade, ensuring that officers do not languish as their careers grind to a halt. We have seen the lowest police involved shootings since 2004, a 54 percent decrease in discourtesy complaints, a 45 percent decrease in excessive force complaints and lawsuits at the lowest levels in years.
Many of the reforms in ethics, training, discipline, equipment, efficiencies, policies and a host of other areas do not make sexy news stories and are difficult to conceptualize. The reforms do work to build the base for a police department that is professional, constitutionally based, in alignment with community expectations, better paid, better equipped and better trained than any other jurisdiction in the state. These are not lofty goals. We are moving toward this reality.
Many officers will be unhappy reading these words. Many want me to outright defend the department and say nothing is wrong with the way this organization engages in police work. For the overwhelming majority that is true. However, when people go on television wearing masks, allege themselves to be police officers and are cloaked in the shadows espousing their own indifference to violence as children are shot, I am troubled. This is not the Baltimore Police Department that I know.
I challenge the leadership of The Vanguard Justice Society, an African American advocacy group for police officers, to stand and project their voice in this African American city, where people who look like them feel treatment is unfair. Speak out against the beating of a resident at a bus stop or the selling of narcotics on the back porch of a police station. Where is the concern over scores of African Americans arrested and college scholarships lost? Don't allow yourself to be used as a tool of a bygone strategy from times long since past.
I don't want to sensationalize this issue any more than it already has been, but it seems like pro-GamerGate RevueLabs is no longer under Steve Tom Sawyer's control. Sawyer, who has lately been focusing on their Carbon Based Radio program instead of the site, is under some serious fire tonight. A list of allegations (UPDATE: it's now deleted, archive HERE) has been posted against them by their own former associates. That listing includes claims of harassment against women, and evidence the author says shows that Sawyer used GamerGate for personal gain. Full disclosure, I have worked with this author in the past, and have found them to be very trustworthy. That being said, these allegations are so serious, that we must be especially certain not rush to judgement. Sawyer has been a staunch ally in the past. Perhaps they have some explanations?
Some serious allegations are made about the demise Radio Nero as well:
“As I stated earlier, while I investigated, I dug some dirt and heard some rumors.
It came to my ears that it wasn't entierly Brianna Wu's fault that Radio Nero was crashed. Someone who wishes to remain anonymous told me “From Nero's mouth: “trainwreck” and “personal liability” “. Lexi added “He told me that Milo was a control freak and wanted to move it away from gamergate and gaming and had just USED HIM to get the backing of gamergate.” I did reach Milo Nero Yiannopoulos by email. They didn't wish to be quoted on the record, but they agreed that I could reveal that a conversation between us took place. http://youtu.be/UczG0dWJpz8?t=1h16m25s
1:16:25 “I can't get into the details of what happened there, but, hum, Radio nero isn't be able to continue at this point”
But it's the section about Sawyer's supposed abuse of women that raises the real eyebrows. Here's a long section from the person the author of the article:
“-So you joined RevueLabs to be in charge of the PR and advertising? Yes, my initial role was to be in charge of communications. As time went on and it was a team of just me and Steve, my responsibilities grew far outside of that role. From recruiting staff members to web and graphic design, my roles were all over the place. Steve took great pride in recruiting women to work for their company and spoke of it often. Although each time they recruited a new female, they would tell me that whoever it was was definitely “into” him. When this would prove not to be true, they would blame the female for giving them “mixed signals”. https://twitter.com/RevueMage/status/520512246145757184
https://archive.today/aJgjB
Did you know that @revuelabs staff is 50% women, and the company is owned by me, a black guy? #realequality #notyourshield #GamerGate -That's kind of a misogynic statement, how do you feel? As someone who took their role very seriously within the company, it was very difficult for me to hear that they had said that they only kept me around for PR and to have a pretty face. I put in hours upon hours of work for the company and as I stated above, gained no monetary benefit. It was never about money for me. Would I have loved to work for Revue Labs as Director of Communications/VP and had that be my job? Absolutely. I had hoped that that was the direction the company was going. Steve constantly pressured me to quit my day job and work full time on Revue Labs. They wanted us to get a live-in office so we could work/live together, even though I was recently married. Before I left the company, Steve told me that they were in talks to have someone buy it out. I was thrilled for them but they wanted me to run Revue Labs. I told them that I would not be able to put in the time and effort to do so. They asked me to wait until January to leave and I agreed. Once I was notified that they had blamed the writing of the letter distancing Revue Labs from GamerGate on me, I felt I had no other recourse but to leave immediately. They lambasted my lack of professionalism by announcing it on Twitter but I had tried many times to leave in a professional manner and this betrayal regarding the letter was the last straw. -RevueLabs is apparently half women, did you hear any feedback from other staff members?
Yes, I did. Some employees of the company felt like it was just Steve's personal harem. They hit on girls and if they do reject them, he'll blame them saying they sent “mixed signals”. Steve did harass some of them through SMS, Skype calls, and was controlling with our Twitter accounts. They went to the point to threaten to kill themselves to blackmail some team member. -I want to thank you for speaking out, you're very brave for that. I wish you the best for the future.
Thanks for letting me.”
I can't say one way or the other whether these allegations are true. I can say that I have worked closely with the author of this piece, Adrien. I believe them to be honest. I know that they did talk to Milo Yiannopoulos, and that the story is filled with real allegations. I had heard rumblings about this affair for weeks, but didn't want to touch it. After this post tonight, I felt like I had to. I am not well-acquainted with the woman they interviewed, Lexi. I've never spoken to them outside of one or two tweets. So I cannot vouch beyond the author, and the authenticity of some of the content. Take all that for what you will. Hopefully, Steve will have some answers for all this in the morning.
UPDATE: Promienent GamerGate supporter and former RevueLabs employee Liz F, has said they aren't surprised by at least some of this. RogueStar has also chimed in…
@PandaStarGamez I didn't know about the company at all honestly. I was only there a few weeks. But I wasn't paid, at all, and now I know why — Liz Finnegan (@TheGingerarchy) November 27, 2014
https://twitter.com/RogueStarGamez/status/537826936559779841
Even though it is true that the government currently bans all kinds of things, I am asking a serious question. Let me expand and clarify it. Is the federal government authorized by the Constitution to make illegal the possession of any substance that it deems it to be harmful, hazardous, immoral, addictive, threatening, damaging, injurious, destructive, unsafe, or dangerous to an individual or to society?
I am not talking about state governments—that is a separate issue. I am talking about the U.S. national government that was set up by the Constitution in 1789. The Constitution that was amended in 1791, 1795, 1804, 1865, 1868, 1870, 1913, 1919, 1920, 1933, 1951, 1961, 1964, 1967, 1971, & 1992. The Constitution that is the supreme law of the land. The Constitution that all conservatives claim to revere. The Constitution that all conservatives say they expect the federal government to follow. The Constitution that conservatives drag out and dust off every time there is an election. The Constitution that the Republican Party says it is the party of. The Constitution that all members of Congress swear to support and defend. The Constitution that the president swears to preserve, protect, and defend. The Constitution by which the Supreme Court is expected to judge all laws. The Making of the King... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $15.99 Buy New $16.50 (as of 06:25 EST - Details)
I have several times brought up this question of the government having the authority to ban anything in the context of the federal government's War on Drugs. In arguing that the Constitution nowhere authorizes the federal government to concern itself with the nature or quantity of any substance that any American wants to eat, drink, smoke, inject, absorb, snort, sniff, inhale, swallow, or otherwise ingest into their body, I have sometimes added that the federal government has no authority to ban drugs because it has no authority to ban anything. I have also occasionally pointed out that when the federal government sought to prohibit the “manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors” after World War I, it realized that it could only do so by amending the Constitution, hence the Eighteenth Amendment. I have even written a whole article on this.
But is this really the case? Does the federal government really not have the authority to ban anything or was I just using hyperbole?
Well, first of all, in Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution, there are eighteen paragraphs that enumerate the limited powers the Constitution grants to Congress. Limited powers. Very limited powers. Four of them concern money or taxes. One concerns commerce. One concerns naturalization and bankruptcies. One concerns post offices and post roads. One concerns copyrights and patents. One concerns federal courts. One concerns maritime crimes. Six concern the military and the militia. One concerns the governance of the District of Columbia. And the last one gives Congress the power “to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers.” Since the Twenty-First Amendment Repealed the Eighteenth, nothing in any of the Constitution's amendments gives the federal government any additional power to ban something.
Second, anything not so enumerated in Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution is reserved to the states. Period. It can't be any other way, since the states were in existence before the Constitution, the states sent delegates to the Constitutional Convention who created the Constitution, and the states ratified the Constitution. And just to make sure there is no doubt about what is delegated and what is reserved, the Tenth Amendment states: “The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.” War, Empire, and the M... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $5.98 Buy New $9.95 (as of 06:25 EST - Details)
James Madison succinctly explained this simple federal system of government in Federalist No. 45:
The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution to the Federal Government, are few and defined. Those which are to remain in the State governments are numerous and indefinite. The former will be exercised principally on external objects, as war, peace, negotiation, and foreign commerce; with which last the power of taxation will, for the most part, be connected. The powers reserved to the several States will extend to all the objects which, in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and the internal order, improvement, and prosperity of the State.
So, what does all of this mean for Americans in the twenty-first century? It means the same thing it meant in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth century.
The federal government has no authority whatsoever under the Constitution to ban the possession of not just any drug—including cocaine, heroin, and meth—but also moonshine, any kind of gun, any type of ammunition, elephant ivory, exotic animals, Cuban cigars, unlicensed dentures, home-brewed beer and wine, and bald eagles.
Just like the federal government has no authority whatsoever under the Constitution to mandate that pharmacies keep Sudafed and other allergy medicines behind the counter.
Just like the federal government has no authority whatsoever under the Constitution to declare a portion of your property a wetland and fine and imprison you for filling it in with dirt.
Just like the federal government has no authority whatsoever under the Constitution to limit the number of withdrawals that Americans can make from their savings accounts each month. War, Christianity, and... Laurence M. Vance Best Price: $4.05 Buy New $9.95 (as of 06:20 EST - Details)
One can search the Constitution all morning, all afternoon, all evening, all day, and all night with an electron microscope, x-ray vision, and MRI machine, the latest NSA spyware, and night-vision goggles and never find the hint of a reference to the federal government having the authority to prohibit Americans from possessing some object.
Conservatives want to be applauded for expressing their fidelity to the Constitution just for saying that Obamacare should be repealed because it is unconstitutional. But since it is clear that the Constitution doesn't authorize the federal government to ban anything, it is likewise clear that conservatives—and especially Republican members of Congress—are not only woefully ignorant of the document they claim to hold in such high esteem, but are in fact enemies of the Constitution because they support almost every one of the federal government's illegitimate and unconstitutional prohibitions on possessing certain objects.
That the federal government unconstitutionally criminalizes the possession of so many things is bad enough. But that the vast majority of Americans accept this as legitimate is even more troubling.
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Mortgage bankers praised the decision. "It couldn't come at a better time," said David Stevens, CEO of the Mortgage Bankers Association. "February is the beginning of the spring market. I think it will have a definitive impact particularly in the first-time homebuyer market."
For the typical FHA applicant, the reduction in premiums means a savings of about $80 on their monthly payment, according to CoreLogic's chief economist, Sam Khater.
"So it's positive news from a consumer welfare perspective, especially for first-time homebuyers, which account for the majority of FHA's business," they said, adding, "However, I think the marginal impact on sales will be small because potential buyers make the decision to purchase based on trigger events, such as a new job, marriage, kids, etc. Changes in affordability only impact how much home they can buy."
The FHA had been the only low down payment product available, with a minimum 3.5 percent down, but recently Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced a new 3 percent down payment product that would require private mortgage insurance. The product would compete directly with the FHA and could have offered some borrowers a cheaper option if they had a good credit score.
Read MoreWeekly mortgage applications fall sharply over holidays
"We believe the cut is strategic. Our view is that FHA was at risk of losing enough market share—especially of higher-quality borrowers—to the GSE 97 percent down mortgage that it could have put at risk the ability of the FHA fund to reach its 200 basis point reserve requirement this year as it had forecast. By cutting the premium, FHA would increase its share of the market and should be back on track to meeting the reserve requirement despite the cut in revenue," wrote Jaret Seiberg, an analyst at Guggenheim Partners.
The reduction will likely come under scrutiny by some on Capitol Hill, as the FHA is still building its capital reserves and is not yet above the mandatory 2 percent minimum. It is back in the black, after having bled cash for two years.
The FHA's volume had soared at the beginning of the housing crash, making up for the lack of credit in the private market, but that came at a price. In order to rebuild its fund, it more than doubled its annual insurance premium and raised average credit scores. That made it harder for borrowers today to afford an FHA loan.
Read MoreFederal Housing Administration back in the black
Lowering the premium will bring volume back to the FHA, but it will also bring back risk.
"That is clearly the tension with any lending program that encourages low down payment," said Stevens. "But we are in a different position. We are clearly in an environment where home prices are very stable with steady growth. You don't have the dynamics to create any type of housing bubble."
Mortgage volume has been lagging, even with interest rates falling to near record lows. The Obama administration is clearly looking for new ways to boost homeownership, as investor activity wanes and the market is left to mortgage-dependent buyers.
"Now that we've made it harder for reckless buyers to buy homes that they can't afford, let's make it a little bit easier for qualified buyers to buy the homes that they can afford," said Obama in an August 2013 speech, also in Phoenix. At the time they did not make mention of the FHA, which was still in the red, but instead touted refinance programs and less red tape for lenders.
Obama is also expected to address the issue of putbacks at the FHA, which is when lenders are forced to buy back bad loans. The regulator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, has already sought to clarify these rules, which have created huge costs for lenders and consequently higher costs for borrowers.
UPDATE: This story was updated to include the White House confirmation of lower mortgage premiums and comments from HUD Secretary Julian Castro.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Without recognised land rights, indigenous peoples' way of life could be threatened, warn campaigners
Recognising the land rights of local people could provide cost-effective protection for many of the world's tropical forests, a report says.
But existing initiatives to tackle deforestation were poorly suited to deal with the issue, it added.
However, there was an "unprecedented opportunity" to act as more nations were willing to acknowledge indigenous peoples' right to own and control land.
The report will be presented at the World Conference on Indigenous Peoples.
The document, produced by the Rights and Resources Initiative (RRI) and the Indigenous Peoples' International Centre for Policy Research and Education, warned that growing pressure for land and resources was threatening the long-term future of communities that depended on tropical forests for their livelihoods.
"As customary owners and flight attendants of large areas of the world's forests and drylands, threats to the rights of these communities place undue risk on the ecosystems that must be preserved to mitigate climate change and provide global environmental benefits," it warned.
But it said that the plight of some of the world's poorest and most marginalised communities was being more widely recognised, presenting an "unprecedented opportunity" to act.
Helping hand
"There are countries, such as Indonesia, where the government has suddenly said there is a need to respect local land rights," explained RRI co-ordinator Andy White.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Intact tropical forests also provide globally important ecosystem services, such as carbon storage
"However, there is no mechanism to provide support, nor the technical assistance necessary. The issue of land rights has always been the poor stepchild to all of the other global initiatives."
Campaigners have had a long-standing suspicion of climate mitigation schemes, such as Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation (Redd), saying indigenous communities would not benefit, or possibly be worse off.
Redd schemes offer financial incentives to encourage governments and companies in developing countries to offset their CO2 emissions against forest protection, conservation and afforestation projects.
However, campaign groups feared that without recognised tenure rights to their land the schemes would leave indigenous communities vulnerable to exploitation or eviction.
Mr White told BBC News that they were hopeful that a new mechanism - the International Land and Forest Tenure Facility (ILFTF) - would help increase the clarity and security of the communities' rights.
The facility, which has received US $15 million of funding from the Swedish government, will provide funding and technical support for tenure reform projects in developing countries.
"It is linked to existing international infrastructure to ensure it does not duplicate what is already available," they said.
It is expected to establish a small number of pilot projects in early 2015 before becoming fully operational in 2016.
However, RRI research suggests that the majority of forests in developing countries are still owned by national governments.
But Mr White explained: "We are hoping that by being more supportive of the governments that are willing to lead and demonstrate the positive outcomes then the laggards will take note and see that it can be done.
"That is why in the early days of the tenure facility we want to focus on the countries that are willing to move again.
"We hope this will see other nations listening and willing to learn and move ahead and take similar types of reform in the future."
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father died after drinking a massive dose of pure crystal meth hidden in a health drink by drug dealers, a court has heard.
Romano Dias, 55, immediately began to feel ill after taking a mouthful of the liquid - which was packaged as fruit drink - complaining that it tasted "awful" and that their throat was burning, an inquest heard.
They told their partner Debra Dulson: “I am in trouble here. I am dying, I am dead.”
They died a short time later.
Huntingdon Coroner's Court heard that subsequent tests revealed the drink contained pure methamphetamine - known as crystal meth - with a street value of around £34,000.
DI Ian Simmons told the court they believed the bottle was part of a conspiracy to import Class A drugs into the UK and had ended up with Mr Dias by mistake.
The court heard how a package had been delivered to the home of Mr Dias' daughter Katee in London three years ago.
It had the correct address but the wrong name on the front.
Katee kept the package, expecting someone would arrive to collect it at some point.
When no one came for it they eventually passed it on to their father.
Years later, Mr Dias decided to try some of the drink and consumed half a glass of the liquid at their home in Impington, Cambridgeshire.
Pathologist Dr John Grant said the level of methamphetamine was well above the lethal dose and that the drug had a number of effects, including causing abnormal rhythms in the heart which could then stop.
Detective Inspector Ian Simmons told the inquest: "The £34,000 is a significant amount.
"I would say it is highly likely it was destined for a dealer.
"It is unique, this is not an event that happens in Cambridgeshire or elsewhere."
They added that crystal meth was a drug police "rarely encounter" in Cambridgeshire.
DI Simmons said Mr Dias of Impington, and their family had not been connected with the drug in any way, adding: "This was a completely unaccountable and unforeseen chain of events."
They added that the packing the drink had been delivered in had been destroyed, limiting the police investigation.
Coroner William Morris said: "This is a dreadful case."
They said they had been considering a verdict of unlawful killing, but there had been no evidence that whoever put the drug in the bottle intended any harm to Mr Dias or anyone else.
Mr Morris concluded that Mr Dias' death had been accidental.
Fort Bragg, population 7,000, never fit in here. Home to the country's second-largest redwood mill for over a century, it was a working man's town where the only wine tasting was at a row of smoky taverns. But change has come since the mill closed in 2002.
The town already has a Fair Trade coffee company and a raw food cooking school. The City Council is considering a ban on plastic grocery bags. And with the push for mushrooms, the town seems to have officially exchanged its grit for green.
The mill, owned by Georgia-Pacific, took up 420 acres, a space roughly half the size of Central Park, between downtown Fort Bragg and the Pacific Ocean. Among several toxic hot spots discovered here were five plots of soil with high levels of dioxin that Georgia-Pacific says were ash piles from 2001-2, when the mill burned wood from Bay Area landfills to create power and sell it to Pacific Gas & Electric.
Photo
Debate remains about how toxic dioxin is to humans, but the Department of Toxic Substances Control says there is no safe level of exposure.
Kimi Klein, a human health toxicologist with the department, said that although the dioxin on the mill site was not the most toxic dioxin out there, there was “very good evidence” that chronic exposure to dioxin caused cancer and “it is our policy to say if any chemical causes cancer there is no safe level.”
Fort Bragg must clean the dioxin-contaminated coastline this year or risk losing a $4.2 million grant from the California Coastal Conservancy for a coastal trail. Its options: haul the soil in a thousand truckloads to a landfill about 200 miles away, or bury it on site in a plastic-lined, 1.3-acre landfill.
Alarmed by the ultimatum, residents called in Paul E. Stamets, author of “Mycelium Running: How Mushrooms Can Help Save the World.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Typically, contaminated soil is hauled off, buried or burned. Using the mushroom method, Mr. Stamets said, it is put in plots, strewn with straw and left alone with mushroom spawn. The spawn release a fine, threadlike web called mycelium that secretes enzymes “like little Pac-Mans that break down molecular bonds,” Mr. Stamets said. And presto: toxins fall apart.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In January, Mr. Stamets came down from Fungi Perfecti, their mushroom farm in Olympia, Wash. They walked the three-mile coastline at the site, winding around rocky coves on wind-swept bluffs where grass has grown over an airstrip but barely conceals the ash piles. It was “one of the most beautiful places in the world, hands down,” they said.
Quick to caution against easy remedies — “I am not a panacea for all their problems” — they said they had hope for cleaning up dioxin and other hazardous substances on the site. “The less recalcitrant toxins could be broken down within 10 years.”
At least two dioxin-degrading species of mushroom indigenous to the Northern California coast could work, they said: turkey tail and oyster mushrooms. Turkey tails have ruffled edges and are made into medicinal tea. Oyster mushrooms have domed tops and are frequently found in Asian food.
Photo
Local mushroom enthusiasts envision the site as a global center for the study of bioremediation that could even export fungi to other polluted communities.
“Eventually, it could be covered in mushrooms,” said Antonio Wuttke, who lives in neighboring Mendocino and describes their occupation as environmental landscape designer, over a cup of organic Sumatra at the Headlands Coffeehouse.
The proposal is not without critics, however.
“There still needs to be further testing on whether it works on dioxin,” said Edgardo R. Gillera, a hazardous substances scientist for the State Department of Toxic Substances Control. “There have only been a handful of tests, in labs and field studies on a much smaller scale. I need to see more studies on a larger scale to consider it a viable option.”
On April 14, at a packed City Council meeting, an environmental consultant hired by the city voiced skepticism, citing a study finding that mushrooms reduced dioxins by only 50 percent. Jonathan Shepard, a soccer coach, stood up and asked: “Why ‘only'? I think we should rephrase that. I think we should give thanks and praise to a merciful God that provided a mushroom that eats the worst possible toxin that man can create.”
Jim Tarbell, an author and something of a sociologist of the Mendocino Coast, said the enthusiasm for bioremediation showed a change in the culture at large.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are trying to move from the extraction economy to the restoration economy,” Mr. Tarbell said. “I think that's a choice that a broad cross-section of the country is going to have to look at.”
At the April 14 meeting, Georgia-Pacific promised to finance a pilot project. Roger J. Hilarides, who manages cleanups for the company, offered the city at least one 10-cubic-yard bin of dioxin-laced soil and a 5-year lease on the site's greenhouse and drying sheds for mushroom testing. And the City Council said it would approve the landfill but only if it came with bioremediation experiments.
So, sometime later this year, Mr. Stamets is scheduled to begin testing a dump truck's load of dioxin-laced dirt in Fort Bragg.
“One bin. Ten cubic yards. That's a beginning,” said Dave Turner, a Council member. “I have hope — I wouldn't bet my house on it — but I have a hope we can bioremediate this.”
You might want to think twice about streaming that “subversive” documentary about the Weather Underground on Netflix. If Republicans have their way, you just might end up on a watch list somewhere.
to the 1988 Video Protection Privacy Act, which forbids movie rental companies from sharing or selling their customers' viewing history. The Senate is expected to take up the amendment soon. This week, the House of Representatives passed an amendment
If this passes, what you watch on Netflix may soon become public information that your friends, employers, and even the government will have access to. Are you regretting streaming the latest Harold and Kumar yet? Or all those soft-porn chick-flicks?
Netflix favors the law change because it will help them branch into social media and connect Facebook customers to each other based on their similar tastes in films. Unmentioned by Netflix is the enormous profit-potential in selling your viewing history to advertisers who can target specific demographics based on your preference in movies. Also unmentioned by Netflix is just who else might get this information once it's taken out of the privacy lockbox.
The current version of the amendment does include a provision requiring Netflix to get their customers' consent before sharing their viewing history. That's helpful to those of us who are aware of the online threats to our privacy. But the vast majority of Americans, especially younger generations of Americans, are completely unaware that their privacy is in danger when they plug into the Internet. And it'll probably end up being part of those notorious “terms and conditions” that you check the “I agree” box for, just to get onto the site.
, and the ongoing privacy concerns with Facebook highlight how Americans willingly flock to social media without considering the consequences for their privacy or the value of anonymity. Today, we're sacrificing privacy for convenience and interconnection. The recent fiasco with Instagram
We enthusiastically post our locations, our pictures, and our personal information on social media networks, all of which are monitored by advertisers, future employers, and even law enforcement.
Your web experience is now carefully compiled and examined, so advertising can target you specifically. They've been collecting data on what websites you go to and what you search for on hundreds of websites and search engines – a blatant, but legal, violation of your individual privacy.
Online data collection is now multi-billion dollar industry.
This level of surveillance would have been horrifying to previous generations, including our Founding Fathers, who held privacy in the highest regard: they even enshrined that right in the Fourth Amendment of the Bill of Rights.
Yet, in the 21st Century, we become conditioned to accept these invasions of our privacy as the new normal.
In fact, it's increasingly looking like the United States is one generation away from completely forgetting what privacy means. And the consequences of this will be tragic for democracy in our republic.
That's because without privacy – without the ability to be anonymous – our ability to plan peaceful revolution or non-violent social change is radically scaled back. If big corporations or Big Brother are watching, then they can block or sabotage efforts before they even become public.
– a law enforcement tool that keeps track of our movements in major cities across the nation through closed circuit cameras, facial recognition software, and license plate readers. It's no secret that a massive surveillance system has been constructed in America post-9/11. We know about the warrantless wiretapping of American citizens. We know about Trapwire
And we know about the enormous spy center being built by the NSA in Utah that will house all the data collected by the NSA since 9/11 – including emails, phone calls, text messages, and perhaps now Netflix viewing history – all of it in one source so that it's easily analyzed.
The NSA can how hold the digital version of 500 quintillion pages of text. That's a lot of data.
But, here's what's most important to remember as our privacy goes by the wayside: Social change hinges on privacy, and, in some cases, even total privacy – anonymity.
, when an anonymous activist known even to this day merely as Rusticus posted flyers around Boston that led directly to the Boston Tea Party. In today's America, Rusticus' plans to vandalize the tea ships would have been exposed by the East India Company, and the Boston Tea Party shut down before it even started. This goes all the way back to the Boston Tea Party
In today's America, people couldn't have “conspired” to overthrow unjust laws like slavery, Susan B. Anthony couldn't have conspired with Elizabeth Cady Stanton to illegally vote, and Martin Luther King and Rosa Parks may have been stopped before they could move Civil Rights into the spotlight. We might even still be fighting wars in Vietnam and Iraq.
Sure, social media was a tremendous boost for both the Occupy Movement and the Arab Spring to get people into the streets. But it was also a tremendous tool for law enforcement in both parts of the world to squash those same movements.
And tragically, the day may be near – indeed, it may already be here – when if you plan to protest the corporate takeover of our government, drone warfare, or indefinite detention, you'll find yourself in jail before you even get into the streets.
, along with detaining hundreds of others, who were planning to protest the RNC. The Bush Administration took them out before they could even publicly exercise their First Amendment right to speak out. Remember what happened in Minnesota in 2008 before the Republican National Convention? Forty-eight hours before the convention was to begin, police kicked in the doors of and arrested six activists
As our privacy rights are whittled away at like this, it'll get more and more difficult – and more and more dangerous – to launch successful socially transformational movements because the powers-that-be, including the corporations or industries you may be protesting against, will know ahead of time what all your moves will be.
Yes, it's annoying to get ads online that reflect your previous search histories, or have an embarrassing picture of you posted on Facebook show up elsewhere. And it could be downright incriminating to have your Netflix viewing history put on display for all to see. But really, these privacy violations pale in comparison to removing anonymity from both private endeavors and political action. That's an outright violation of democracy itself.
As people from Egypt to Burma to China will tell you, the fundamental ability of “we the people” to create social change and lead nonviolent revolutionary movements against unjust and oppressive forces is deeply in danger when a nation loses its privacy protections.
The fight for privacy will be one of the signature battles moving forward during these uncertain times in America. And without privacy – and the ability to remain anonymous – genuine democracy will never again flourish in the Land of the Free.
After a storm of backlash, a gay Métis Albertan has removed the pro-oilsands ad they posted to their Facebook page that says lesbians are "hot" and questions why Canada buys oil from countries that mistreat LGBTQ people.
"My goal has always been to include everybody," said Robbie Picard of Fort McMurray, Alta.
"And if I've upset half the people I'm trying to reach, then the post was a fail."
'Some people love it and some people are quite upset about it,' said Robbie Picard of Fort McMurray, Alta. (Canada Oilsands Community/Facebook)
At first, Picard defended the post, saying that they were "OK to take a few shots" if that meant drawing attention to the bigger issue.
"We are getting fuel from countries that butcher gays and lesbians — I mean, butcher them, hang them, publicly beat them."
'I'm kind of disgusted'
But the image in the ad featuring a stock photo of two women kissing offended many members of the LGBTQ community, including the past president of Calgary Pride.
"In my head I can see what he's doing, but being part of that community, I'm kind of disgusted," said Dallas Barnes, who is now the co-vice-president of InterPride.
"Sure, some girls do look like that, but it's demeaning. It sexualizes," they said.
Picard took down the ad Monday evening from their Canada Oilsands Community Facebook page and posted an apology.
"I apologize for the poster I posted, it was not my intent of demeaning women or any people of any sexual orientation," they wrote. "I certainly don't want to divide our community. I believe in equality and human rights."
Amid the green wheat fields, oak groves and ancient olive trees of Andalusia, a giant solar energy farm shimmers like a silver sea. Even under cloudy skies, the arrays of mirrors and massive towers sprawling over three square miles are an arresting sight.
Related Content Something New Under the Sun
Twenty miles west of Seville, the Solúcar solar farm, built by the company Abengoa, is part of Spain's push to produce more energy from renewable sources. The nation currently produces up to 3.65 gigawatts of power from the sun, second in the world after Germany. Those gigawatts make up about 3 percent of the country's power, the highest percentage in the world. (The United States generates less than 1 percent of its energy from the sun.) Spain's solar output is expected to rise in the next three years to seven gigawatts, enough to supply about ten million people—the combined population of Madrid and Barcelona—with electricity during the day.
The Solúcar farm is pioneering technologies that are being replicated in the United States, including concentrated solar power, or CSP. While traditional solar panels use photovoltaic cells to convert the sun's rays directly into electricity, CSP deploys huge banks of mirrors to focus solar radiation; the intense heat drives steam turbines, producing electricity in a process similar to the one used in coal-or oil-fired plants, but without the greenhouse gas emissions.
At the Solúcar site, two concrete towers—one about 50 stories tall, the other 35—collect light reflected by 1,879 enormous glass mirrors, each one 33 feet high and 40 feet wide. The mirrors, called heliostats, cover some 345 acres. They face south and are turned to follow the sun as it crosses the sky.
The smaller CSP tower began providing power in 2007, the larger one in May 2009. Together, they produce 31 megawatts. By 2013, when Solúcar is finished adding another tower plant and other installations, Abengoa expects the CSP facility to generate 300 megawatts, enough energy to power 220,000 households, or all of metropolitan Seville.
“These commercial tower plants are unique in the world,” Valerio Fernández, Solúcar's operations manager, told me in their office overlooking the mirrored fields. (He was not counting a small, five-megawatt power tower operated in Lancaster, California, by the American company eSolar, or a demonstration tower the Spanish government runs in Almería.) “Today, however, they're on vacation,” they added, with a shrug.
When it's raining or overcast—like the cool gray March day I visited—the solar installation shuts down. But photographs of the CSP site at its best are otherworldly: towers glowing with shafts of light, an effect caused by reflected sunlight passing through water vapor and dust in the air. Though you might think the south of Spain is an ideal solar energy site, Fernández said the company expects bad weather to reduce or halt energy production around 80 days a year, generally between November and March.
“If we are seeking to make solar power more efficient, there are better places than Seville,” Fernández told me. They gestured to a wall map of the world with shaded bands representing solar energy potential: Andalusia was tan, the Mojave Desert of California and Nevada brown, and the Sahara darker still.
“The Mojave has about 30 percent higher solar radiation than we have here, so installing the same plants there will reduce the cost of electricity by 30 percent,” they said. Efficiency is even higher for the scorching Sahara, where Abengoa and Desertec, a European consortium, aim to build solar facilities that will deliver power to Europe through cables beneath the Mediterranean.
Fernández hefted a three-inch-wide piece of steel pipe off a bookshelf and handed it to me. It was from a tube in which water is converted to steam atop a CSP tower, and it had been painted black. “The blacker they are,” they explained, “the better they absorb radiation.”
The heliostats concentrate solar radiation so effectively that temperatures on the surface of the receiver tubes could potentially reach 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit, about one-third of the sun's surface temperature. “Unfortunately, the steel would melt and the receiver would break down,” Fernández said dryly. Ceramic materials could perhaps withstand such heat, they went on, but they haven't yet been developed and tested. So on bright days plant operators adjust the heliostats to limit the sunlight directed at the towers and maintain the temperature around 570 degrees—plenty hot to make steam out of water, which boils at 212 degrees.
As Fernández drove me around Solúcar's campus, we stopped at the construction site for Solnova 1, the first of five planned CSP facilities here to use so-called parabolic trough technology. Solnova 1 will deploy mirrors shaped like shallow troughs, each several hundred yards long and about two yards high, in parallel rows like ranks of immense shiny ribbons. At the focal point of each mirror will run a transparent tube filled with a synthetic oil. The mirrors will direct sunlight to the tubes, and the heated oil will be used to boil water for turbine-driving steam.
Leaving Solnova 1, I caught sight of a vast array of photovoltaic panels. Although the panels supply around three megawatts of electricity—enough to power 2,200 households—Solúcar has not emphasized photovoltaics. “Photovoltaics are not leading to a technology that can store energy except in batteries,” Fernández said. That is too costly.
A more efficient storage system is on display at Solúcar's TES (for Thermal Energy Storage) facility, which uses concentrated solar power to heat huge containers of molten salts, chiefly sodium and potassium nitrates, to some 570 degrees. The salts retain heat for up to six hours, meaning that it can be released after the sun goes down. This storage method could solve, at least partially, solar energy's toughest challenge: providing power at night.
Spain's booming solar capacity has depended on hefty government support. (CSP plants, for example, cost about twice as much to build and operate as conventional coal-fired plants.) The Spanish government's subsidy to solar energy providers—among the world's most generous—is running to more than €1.5 billion, or almost $1.9 billion, a year.
In the United States, federal and state governments are providing smaller financial incentives to individuals, solar power firms and utilities. Parabolic trough facilities in California and Nevada already generate more than 370 megawatts, and Abengoa is planning a 282-megawatt plant using similar technology near Phoenix, said Reese Tisdale, solar research director for Emerging Energy Research in Cambridge, Massachusetts. New parabolic trough, photovoltaic and CSP plants are proposed in California, Nevada, New Mexico, Colorado, North Carolina and Florida.
One massive solar farm, using towers and heliostats and promising to generate 392 megawatts of power, is slated for construction in, yes, the Mojave Desert in Southern California, if it passes state and federal environmental reviews.
“If you want to be optimistic,” Tisdale said, “there could be as much as eight gigawatts supplied by solar power plants [in the United States] by 2025.” That would be enough to power a U.S. city of six million (Americans use more electricity than Spaniards) and save 37,260 barrels of oil or 11,000 tons of coal a day.
Richard Covington writes from their home near Paris.
Biographies often explore the lives of great men and women, but how should we publish the memoir of a great building? And how might archaeologists write a narrative of that building for the public to more easily interact with? A new digital publication answers these questions by presenting a 3D reconstruction of the lifecycle of a Republican-era Roman house from the ancient Latin city of Gabii, near Rome.
Gabii was a notable city-state active in the first millennium BCE. It was a bustling thoroughfare that sat on pivotal Roman roads used for trade, transport, and travel moving predominantly east and west through the Italian penninsula. Gabii remained an important city-state until declining in stature and population in the second and third centuries CE. The site, located within the ancient region of Latium, has been excavated periodically by several universities since the late 18th Century, when antiquarian and art dealer Gavin Hamilton first found a number of imperial structures and inscriptions there. Since 2009, the site has been excavated by the Gabii Project, directed by Nicola Terrenato of the University of Michigan. A new volume documenting the excavation and digital reconstruction of just one of Gabii's many houses and town structures has just been published by the University of Michigan press.
The new e-publication and accompanying online archaeological object database for A Mid-Republican House from Gabii is edited by archaeologists Rachel Opitz (University of South Florida), Marcello Mogetta, (University of Missouri) and Nicola Terrenato (University of Michigan), though dozens of excavators, researchers, and scholars contributed to it. It addresses just one of Gabii's houses, the so-called Tincu House. It then follows this house over time, as the domicile transforms from its initial construction around 280 BCE, later becoming the “back-rooms annex of a large public complex” and then finally being abandoned and filled in with debris from nearby quarries. In other words, readers get to follow a building from its birth to its death, with both small and large artifacts helping to form the biography. The result is an e-book filled with myriad hyperlinked images, 3D models, maps and interactive features that together provide a deeper, more linked-data reading of an archaeological report than has ever before been presented.
Having such an interactive record of an archaeological excavation allows readers to easily access a number of pivotal points (and the associated objects) in the collective lifecycle of a house, for instance: its construction, renovation, water management, inhabitation, transformation, dumping, and—finally—its abandonment. Moreover, the Gabii Project's commitment to on-site tablet use and 3D modeling ultimately provides a unique look into the structure, while also setting down best practices for this approach in the future. As the editors of the volume note about their photogrammetry techniques, “For all architectural and most depositional stratigraphic contexts, photographs are processed into 3D georeferenced models using Agisoft PhotoScan.” This makes the mapping and publication of these models easier and allows an active link between text, model and map.
and stratigraphic records
Beyond creating cool 3D models to explore, the publication of the Tincu house underscores the value of open source tools in the field of archaeology that are used for disseminating, preserving and publishing data. Like many ancient Mediterranean projects, Gabii first began to construct its database using ARK (The Archaeological Recording Kit). This web based “toolkit” is open for use by all, and provides, as the site notes: “data-editing, data-creation, data-viewing and data-sharing tools, all of which are delivered using a web-based front-end.” ARK is about to release an update to their current version and has been used by projects such as Fasti Online, an archive of archaeological excavation reports from 9 different countries that go back to the year 2000.
Although the new publication and modeling of the Tincu house are incredible accomplishments, we should not forget about the public and private funding that allowed it to come about. Like most archaeological digs, it takes a village of people, foundations and generous patrons to make it a success. This publication relied on funds from many sources: the University of Michigan, the Kelsey Museum of Archaeology, and the Andrew Mellon Foundation, to name just a few. It was also supported by multiple grants from the National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH).
As one reads this new online publication, it is hard to forget that we live in a time where the NEH and the funding of the arts, the humanities and archaeology are increasingly under threat. However, the publication of the Tincu House demonstrates the ways in which digital humanities tools and e-publications can and do allow the public greater access than ever before to the mysteries of the past. These mysteries are well worth our time and our tax dollars.
If there's one word that describes Medford Brewing Company's mission statement, it's approachability; if there's one beer in the craft brewing world that is the liquid antithesis of approachability, it's the IPA. This may seem counterintuitive. IPAs dominate the American craft beer market, after all, to such an extent that breweries stack their lineups with IPA variants just to compete. But not everyone likes blowing out their palate with hop bombs, or reaching their limit after one beer.
Enter Nick Bolitho and Max Heinegg, respectively the CEO and brewmaster of Medford Brewing Company, and their emphasis on accessible beer that packs as much appeal for casual devotees as it does for dyed-in-the-wool aficionados. Where most Massachusetts-based breweries focus on hop-forward libations, Medford Brewing Company would rather ease its way into the local beer scene by producing deceptively simple brews at a steady clip; their beers stress the styles they're made in, eschewing funky monikers for transparency. They market their American Pale Ale as American Pale Ale, their American Golden Ale as American Golden Ale, and their India Pale Ale as India Pale Ale. You get what you expect.
Max Heinegg & Nick Bolitho
?
Bolitho and Heinegg wouldn't have it any other way. “The way we wanted to position ourselves was actually as more approachable beers,” Bolitho told me when we met at Carroll's Restaurant in Medford Square. “We weren't going to go for the extremes.” This feels a bit like a gamble in a region known for pioneering a provincial twist on the IPA, the New England IPA, for two reasons: People expect breweries to make IPAs, and they expect those IPAs to deliver on big, juicy, hoppy flavors. But that's just not Medford Brewing Company's way. As Bolitho puts it, “It's not about how far out we can reach. It's more, let's just make something tasty that people like.”
Seems like a reasonable business model. It might even be daring. The more stripped down a beer is, the less room there is for error. As much as Medford Brewing Company's beers are stripped down on the label, they're even more so on the tongue. That's a selling point, though. “To make it is quite complex,” Bolitho says regarding the American Pale Ale, the company's flagship beer, “but it doesn't come across as complex.” Medford's APA is light and crisp, invitingly hoppy on the nose, medium bodied, and positively brimming with flavors of stone fruits; more important, none of these elements overwhelm, so if you aren't a connoisseur, don't let the tasting notes put you off. This is a welcoming, well-proportioned beer.
This makes good sense. Speaking with Heinegg, I came to see Medford Brewing Company as Beer School, a brewery dedicated to highlighting the fundamentals of beer. “What we're going to do is make a really good example of each beer style,” explains Heinegg, who has a background as a beer judge, a home brewer, and a devoted student of beer himself. “I've basically learned about what makes each beer style what it is, so it's a little bit of a traditional approach.” That's not to say Medford Brewing Company will only adhere to tradition; though, they have a double IPA of their own in progress, which both Heinegg and Bolitho are excited for. (Expect a hazier appearance, but not quite as opaque as the average New England IPA.)
This is in keeping with Medford Brewing Company's commitment to tradition, and a way of bucking trends while acknowledging them. Double IPAs aren't meant to pour like orange juice; that's mostly a New England invention, which Bolitho has some misgivings about. “It's almost fabricated,” they muse. “When you're making beer in this sort of process, it doesn't need to be cloudy. That milkshake look is almost designed to look that way.” At the same time, the double IPA is a true beer style, and if the aim is to brew an exemplary version of each beer style, then that inevitably means brewing double IPAs. Brewed Heinegg's way, though, Medford Brewing Company's own DIPA will no doubt stand out from the crowd. In their words, it's all about having “one foot in tradition,and one foot in New England as a New England brewery.”
Medford Brewing Company doesn't, however, have its own physical brewery; it's a contract brand, brewed currently in Dorchester. But Bolitho and Heinegg hope to open a brewery in Medford Square, a place near and dear to their hearts as residents. They'd love to put their stamp on the area through their beer. “One of the contributions I would like to make to the city,” Heinegg mentions, “would be to give people a pleasant place to go that's sort of family-oriented, a clean, well-lit place where people can talk to each other, have a beer, and get to know their neighbors.” Bolitho agrees. “I want to help make it more of a location, a place to go to.” If they and Heinegg keep knocking out beers as good as the ones they've already released, it'll be a place worth going to indeed.
Medford Brewing Company
medfordbrewingcompany.com
Image copyright Olivia Bell Management Image caption Kan Bonfils appeared in Star Wars: Episode 1 opposite Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor
An actor who appeared in James Bond films and as a Jedi master in the Star Wars franchise has collapsed and died during a theatre rehearsal.
Kan Bonfils was rehearsing for Dante's Inferno, which was due to open at The Rag Factory in London this week.
Members of the production's Craft Theatre company and paramedics were unable to resuscitate Bonfils.
Chris Hislop, the company's spokesperson, said the cast and crew were devastated by the death.
''Kan collapsed during a rehearsal and the director Rocky Rodriguez Jr performed CPR on location."
Mr Hislop added: "The entire company are in shock. There is absolutely severe sadness, it is a real tragedy."
The cause of death is not known.
Dante's Inferno is expected to continue with another actor from the theatre company replacing Bonfils.
Mr Hislop said: ''It was due to open on Thursday. If things go to plan and if the incoming actor is able to do the job we are hoping to open on Saturday.''
Bonfils played a "henchman" in 2012's Skyfall with Daniel Craig and Isagura in 1997's Tomorrow Never Dies with Pierce Brosnan. They also appeared as Jedi master Saesee Tiin in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999), opposite Liam Neeson and Ewan McGregor.
They also had roles in Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle Of Life (2003), Batman Begins (2005) and several productions on the West End stage.
Project description
################################################################################
REVISION DATE: 20081019
AUTHOR: kai zhu - kaizhu@hpc.usc.edu
HOMEPAGE: http://www-rcf.usc.edu/~kaizhu/work/py3to2
ABSTRACT:
py3to2 is a patch / module that backports py3k opcode instructions
to python 2.x (py2x). this allows py2x to run py3k code natively @ the
bytecode-level.
the motivation is that py3k lacks many useful 2.x modules. the lack
of 3rd-party modules in particular (eg scipy, PIL, ...) is a hindrance to py3k
development/testing. py3to2 addresses these issues by allowing py3k code to b
developed/integrated/run natively under the robust, software-rich, py2x
environment.
MECHANISM:
1. upon init, py3to2 starts up a py3k server w/ pipe io.
2. -> received via pipe io from py3to2, the py3k server 1st
natively compiles the src code into a py3k codeobj, then converts it
to py2x format w/ the addition of the backported opcodes.
3. <- the serialized py2x codeobj is piped back to py3to2,
which unserializes it & eval/exec it as normal.
in theory, this mechanism should transparently implement any bytecode-level py3k
language feature. performance and robustness should b minimally impacted, since
the compiled code is directly run as native 2.x++ bytecode.
BACKWARD COMPATIBILITY:
make test (patched python 2.6 on redhat opteron x86_64)
...
324 tests OK.
36 tests skipped:
test_aepack test_al test_applesingle test_bsddb185 test_bsddb3
test_cd test_cl test_codecmaps_cn test_codecmaps_hk
test_codecmaps_jp test_codecmaps_kr test_codecmaps_tw test_curses
test_dl test_gdbm test_gl test_imageop test_imgfile test_kqueue
test_linuxaudiodev test_macOS test_macostools test_normalization
test_ossaudiodev test_pep277 test_py3kwarn test_scriptpackages
test_socketserver test_startfile test_sunaudiodev test_timeout
test_urllib2net test_urllibnet test_winreg test_winsound
test_zipfile64
1 skip unexpected on linux2:
test_gdbm
################################################################################
PY3K FEATURES TESTED TO WORK:
pep3102 Keyword-Only Arguments
pep3104 Access to Names in Outer Scopes
pep3105 Make print a function
pep3107 Function Annotations
pep3111 Simple input built-in in Python 3000
pep3112 Bytes literals in Python 3000
pep3113 Removal of Tuple Parameter Unpacking
pep3114 Renaming iterator.next() to iterator.__next__()
pep3115 Metaclasses in Python 3000
pep3127 Integer Literal Support and Syntax
pep3129 Class Decorators
pep3132 Extended Iterable Unpacking
pep3135 New Super
PY3K FEATURES NOT WORKING:
pep3101 Advanced String Formatting
pep3106 Revamping dict.keys(), .values() & .items()
pep3108 Standard Library Reorganization
pep3109/3110 Exceptions in Python 3000
pep3116 New I/O
pep3118 Revising the buffer protocol
pep3119 Introducing Abstract Base Classes
pep3120 Using UTF-8 as the default source encoding
pep3121 Extension Module Initialization & Finalization
pep3123 Making PyObject_HEAD conform to standard C
pep3131 Supporting Non-ASCII Identifiers
pep3134 Exception Chaining and Embedded Tracebacks
pep3137 Immutable Bytes and Mutable Buffer
pep3141 A Type Hierarchy for Numbers
pep3138 String representation in Python 3000
REQUIREMENTS:
* linux / unix (windows has io problems w/ py3k server)
* python-2.6 src (to b patched)
* python-3.0rc1 executable (as py3k server)
py3to2 files: (download from http://www-rcf.usc.edu/~kaizhu/work/py3to2)
* ceval.c - patched file
* py3to2.py - python script
BUILD / INSTALL:
* get python-2.6 src. backup & replace python-2.6/Python/ceval.c
* build & install python-2.6
(eg "./configure --prefix=/installdir; make clean; make; make install")
* copy py3to2.py to <python-2.6>/installdir/.../site-packages/
* install vanilla python-3.0 & make sure $PATH env contains "python3.0" executable
USAGE: simply add the magic line "from __future__ import py3k_syntax" to ur script
EXAMPLE: pep3132 Extended Iterable Unpacking
################################################################################
# save to file pep3132.py
from __future__ import py3k_syntax
a, b, *c = 1, 2, 3, 4
print(a, b, c)
################################################################################
Python 2.6 (r26:66714, Oct 19 2008, 02:49:13)
[GCC 3.4.6 20060404 (Red Hat 3.4.6-10)] on linux2
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
>>>
>>> import py3to2
created read/write pipes: (4, 5)
py3k server starting with pipes in/out/err: 7 5 -2
py3k server: Python 3.0rc1 (r30rc1:66499, Oct 15 2008, 15:43:09)
py3k server: [GCC 3.4.6 20060404 (Red Hat 3.4.6-10)] on linux2
py3k server: Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more
information.
py3k server: >>> ''
>>>
>>> import pep3132
1 2 [3, 4]
################################################################################
CHANGELOG:
20081019
ported to python-2.6
consolidate & simplify patches to 1 file: ceval.c
created extension module builtins_py3k
revamped import hook again
removed unicode support & restrict source code to ascii-only
20080727
revampled import hook
20080911
consolidate patches to 2 files: bltinmodule.c & ceval.c
20080828
add kwonlyargcount 'attr' to codeobj
add __annotations__ & __kwdefaults__ attr to funcobj
add __pseudomethod__ feature to baseobj
20080819
pure python import hook - removed magic comment & use magic path instead
revamped str & bytes handling
revamped py3k .pyc file handling
20080802
pep3135 New Super
20080717
pep3107 Function Annotations
pep3120 Using UTF-8 as the default source encoding
pep3131 Supporting Non-ASCII Identifiers
20080713
import / reload works transparently on py3k scripts using a magic comment
added pep3102 Keyword-Only Arguments
20080709 added a py3k preparser
20080702
rewrote py3k server's pipe io. implemented partial bytearray & bytes class.
wrote a few simple tests
20080630
__build_class__ function to bltmodule.c. tested class decorators to b working.
################################################################################
Michael Shulman, CTVNews.ca
Eating healthier isn't getting any easier.
According to data released from Statistics Canada earlier this week, the price of fresh fruits and vegetables soared from their 2014 levels.
The price of vegetables has grown by 11.5 per cent since 2014.
Consumers are facing the highest increases at the register for products such as celery (18.8 per cent), grapefruit (13.2 per cent) and oranges (12.7 per cent), which have skyrocketed.
In comparison, the growth in the price of meat in Canada has been relatively tame, posting 4.4 per cent jump since last year.
Sylvain Charlebois, a professor at the University of Guelph's Food Institute, told CTV News Channel that a low Canadian dollar and climate change are responsible for the rise in prices.
Charlebois said that the weakened dollar, which currently stands at 76.48 cents US, constricts the country's "buying power."
"Importers have to pay more for the same amount of food," they said. "So we have seen significant hikes affecting tomatoes, lettuce and particularly celery in the last month or so."
Charlebois also pointed to major droughts south of the border, including in California and the Midwest, as a reason for the dramatic jump in prices.
"We import in Canada, so we've seen significant price hikes in provinces where there is this heavy reliance on U.S. imports, particularly B.C., Ontario and New Brunswick," they said.
Charlebois said Canadians with the least means are hit the hardest by these increases, as they "don't give a whole lot of chance" for them to afford fruits and vegetables.
They added that those looking to save should take the following approaches when grocery shopping:
Google ( GOOG ) made its high-tech Google Glass specs available to everyone Tuesday -- for the not-so-low price of $1,500 -- and for at least a little while, sales appeared brisk. The company said it sold out of its off-white models.
The much-hyped sale may have restored some momentum Google Glass has lost since its invitation-only launch last year. Up until Tuesday, the main way to get Google Glass was if the search giant invited you to buy one, and an estimated 10,000 units were distributed that way.
That changed Tuesday, when Google lifted the curtain for one day to allow anyone to buy the gadget. The company would not say how many it sold. It did, however, say that it sold out of the "cotton" color of Google Glass. "Things are moving really fast," the company said on its Google+ account.
Want Google Glass? Today's your big day The wearable device can take photos and record videos. It also can show the viewer weather updates, news alerts and directions on the glass screen. Time Magazine named it The wearable device can take photos and record videos. It also can show the viewer weather updates, news alerts and directions on the glass screen. Time Magazine named it one of the best inventions of 2012.
What were all those reasons not to buy? The cost, of course. Also, there are legal questions about wearing Glass while driving. Some restaurants have banned the device. And for the now the apps and the hardware remain a work in progress.
Google Glass showing NBA from a new perspective There's also the problem The Huffington Post cleverly
There's also the problem The Huffington Post cleverly calls "Glass warfare." The gadget has become a symbol of the tech money flowing into San Francisco and the ensuing gentrification and sky-high rents that have transformed the city. Longtime San Francisco residents have protested and even vandalized tech company buses. There's even a disparaging name for Glass wearers that is not fit to print.
Against that contentious backdrop, how did Google's one-day sale go over with consumers? There seemed to be more hate than love for the device online Tuesday. In an informal poll by Seattle newspaper The Stranger, only 2 percent of respondents said they would buy Glass.
"I can't remember a product launch since the Segway where such a high-profile, cutting-edge gadget was tanked by a collective sense of dork," one commenter wrote.
Google Glasses: Tech breakthrough or threat to privacy? Twitter users weren't much kinder. "I might just buy a set of Google Glass just to relive my high school days of getting stuffed inside my locker for being too nerdy," wrote one. "Google Glass is seriously one of the dumbest looking pieces of wearable tech," wrote another. Twitter users weren't much kinder. "I might just buy a set of Google Glass just to relive my high school days of getting stuffed inside my locker for being too nerdy," wrote one. "Google Glass is seriously one of the dumbest looking pieces of wearable tech," wrote another.
WASHINGTON - With Washington and Colorado already allowing the legal use of marijuana, Oregon's two senators on Thursday open a new front in the war on pot - moving to allow American farmers to grow and profit from its non-narcotic cousin industrial hemp.
The bill, spearhead by Sen.
, D-Ore., and endorsed by Sen.
, D-Ore., is virtually identical to a measure Wyden pushed unsuccessfully during the last Congress. The bill would remove federal restrictions on the domestic cultivation of industrial hemp, a versatile crop that can be used a wide variety of products.
Wyden and their allies argue that hemp should not be a controlled substance and that labeling it as such denies a potentially rich source of jobs and economic growth.
“Unfortunately, there are some dumb regulations that are hurting economic growth and job creation, and the ban on growing industrial hemp is certainly among them,” Wyden said. “The opportunities for American farmers and businesses are obvious here. It's time to boost revenues for farmers and reduce the costs for the businesses around the country that use hemp.”
The U.S. is the world's largest consumer of hemp, but it remains the only major industrialized country that bans farming the product. U.S. imports have consistently grown over the past decade – increasing by 300 percent over that period, an analysis by Wyden's office found.
You don't have look far to see the potential, they say. Canada has doubled the number of acres devoted to hemp between 2011 and 2012. Ninety percent of the hemp used in the United States is grown there.
Sen. Rand Paul testifies before a state legislative committee on the legalization of growing hemp at the Capitol Annex in Frankfort, Ky., earlier this month.
Wyden's bill, which has the backing of an unusual coalition including Kentucky Republicans
and
, would remove hemp from the federal list of controlled substances and would define it as a non-drug as long as it contained less than 0.3 percent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC).
THC is the chemical that gives marijuana narcotic effect.
Eight states, including Oregon, have removed barriers to its production or research of industrial hemp.
Even so, farmers that grow hemp are subject to raids by federal agents and potential prison terms because under federal law hemp is defined as a controlled substance.
There have been similar efforts in previous years but the size and scope expanded this year. More than 15,000 letters were delivered to Congress in support of Wyden's amendment and similar measures to decriminalize hemp.
orchestrated a lobbying campaign.
The bill is designed to reverse a prohibition imposed 50 years ago. It also would give states the authority to regulate cultivation of industrial hemp. Wyden argued it would not have adverse impact on the federal government's efforts to dry up the marijuana market and people who raise it.
Industry officials and supporters say hemp has a large market potential and can be used for everything as a substitute to milk to textiles and rope, as well as to make building materials and for use in plastics.
Sen. Ron Wyden says the continuing ban on hemp is "a dumb" idea that is "hurting economic growth and job creation."
“During these tough economic times, this legislation has the potential to create jobs and provide a boost to Kentucky's economy and to our farmers and their families," McConnell, the Senate's Republican leader said in a statement.
The hemp trade group, not surprising, praised the legislation.
"American farmers are being denied the right to grow a crop that our Founding Fathers considered essential to our nation's well-being,” Eric Steenstra, President of Vote Hemp said in a statement.
“It is imperative now that other representatives and senators co-sponsor these bills, and that President Obama and Attorney General Holder also issue waivers to allow American farmers to grow hemp under state law where legal," Steenstra said.
Despite changing attitudes on the issue, success is far from guaranteed. Bills to legalize hemp have been introduced every year since 2005 yet none has advanced.
--
Many of us in the West are fundamentally unfamiliar with hunger. Maybe we skip breakfast or lunch occasionally; we submit to the edict “nil by mouth” at a surgeon's bidding. But these very deprivations ooze with privilege. Our eating, like so much about our lives, tends to operate in terms of individual choice, control, and comfort.
How else could – or should – it be? A subtle but suggestive challenge to our model of consumption has been playing out around the world over the past month as Muslims have observed Ramadan, the sacred ninth month of the Islamic calendar. For the past month, adult Muslims have refrained from eating and drinking (yes, even water) between sunrise and sunset. It is fardh (obligatory) for them to do so, one of the Five Pillars of Islam.
The what, when, and how of our eating speaks volumes about who we are and what we value – but perhaps the choice not to eat says even more.
In our increasingly diverse communities, and partly thanks to the democratising tendencies of social media, Ramadan becomes year on year more visible to non-Muslims. This year saw the Twitter thread #RamadanProblems surge in popularity, with participants reflecting on their fasting experiences with (literally) dry humour: “I think I just watched my clock go from 2:54 to 2:53” – “living in America where every other commercial on TV is a food commercial” – “Life is like a box of chocolates. That you can't eat.”
Food practices are deeply cultural – and deeply personal. We structure our days around various types of food intake (breakfast, coffee break, working lunch, family dinner). Celebrations are invariably punctuated with some special kind of consumable, from birthday cake to champagne. The what, when, and how of our eating speaks volumes about who we are and what we value – but perhaps the choice not to eat says even more.
Image copyright Institution of Civil Engineers Image caption Some of the vintage cars and buses which lined up ahead of a procession across the bridge
A vintage car procession has taken place across the original Severn Bridge to mark 50 years since it opened.
The Grade I-listed structure took three-and-a-half years to build at a cost of £8m.
It was opened by the Queen on 8 September 1966.
Despite being designed to last for 120 years, the bridge needed to be strengthened in the late 1980s because more traffic was using it than was originally expected.
Following the morning procession, a celebration event was held attended by civil engineers who have worked on the bridge over the last 50 years.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC archive: the day the Severn Bridge opened 50 years ago
Image copyright Institution of Civil Engineers Image caption The bridge links Chepstow in Monmouthshire to south Gloucestershire, just north of Bristol
Fender Musical Instruments Corp. has announced the opening of its new Corona, California, Visitor Center and the inauguration of free public tours of the adjacent manufacturing facility.
This marks the first time in Fender's 65 years that the company has opened its doors to the public.
In the 8,600-square-foot Visitor Center, exhibits include interactive displays of modern Fender products, historic instruments, rare photos and artifacts, a tribute to Leo Fender, the Fender Hall of Fame, video presentations on the evolution of the electric guitar, displays presenting reflections on Fender by musicians throughout the history of modern music and more.
The facility includes a retail shop where visitors can browse and purchase Fender apparel, accessories, collectibles and other items. Guests can also buy instruments or design and buy their own instruments. The Visitor Center is also the starting (and concluding) point for the public tours of the adjacent factory and Custom Shop.
The Fender Visitor Center will open to the public Monday, September 19, at which point the twice-daily factory tours will also begin. The Visitor Center is at 301 Cessna Circle, Corona, CA 92880, and it will be open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Friday. The 45- to 60-minute factory tours take place 10 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. every weekday except Wednesday.
For more information, visit fender.com/visitorcenter or call 951-898-4040.
Government responded
This response was given on 30 December 2011
As this e-petition has received more than 10 000 signatures, the relevant Government department have provided the following response:
As set out in “Fulfilling Potential - The Discussions so Far” and “Fulfilling Potential – Next steps”, both published on 17 September, the Government is fully committed to ensuring that disabled people of all backgrounds and ages can fulfil their potential and playful roles in society.
The disability benefits system has an important role to play in providing financial support for disabled people both in and out of work, but for too long a system which was designed to help support those with the greatest needs has written people off.
Disabled people are much less likely to be in employment than non-disabled people, but for many disabled people work will be the best route out of poverty and towards increased independence and well-being. Our reform of the benefits system will make sure that work always pays and provide unequivocal support for those who cannot work through the introduction of the Universal Credit.
The Personal Independent Payment (PIP) will gradually replace Disability Living Allowance (DLA) for 16-64 year olds from April 2013. It is being designed to reflect a modern understanding of disability and to treat all conditions fairly. This is a real step forward. Reform of Disability Living Allowance (DLA) is long overdue and the benefit must be changed to better support disabled people to lead independent lives as they want to today.
This reform provides an opportunity better to target support for disabled people and protect those who are most in need. PIP will maintain the key principles of DLA: it will be a non-means-tested cash benefit contributing to the extra costs incurred by disabled people and available to people in and out of work, but it will be delivered in a fairer, more objective and more consistent manner than DLA and increase confidence that the right support is going to the right people. However, welfare reform forms just one part of our approach to improving the lives of disabled people.
In “Fulfilling Potential – Next steps” we set out our vision and principles for the further reform needed to achieve our aims of equality and independence for disabled people. Disabled people will be at the heart of a new disability action alliance, ensuring that the policies and actions taken forward will make a real difference to their lives.
This e-petition remains open to signatures and will be considered for debate by the Backbench Business Committee should it pass the 100 000 signature thresholds.
Public anger had been mounting at the charges, made under an apartheid-era law that allowed the miners to be deemed to have had a “common purpose” in the murder of their colleagues — even though they were all shot dead by police.
Political parties, trade unions, civil rights groups and even South Africa's justice minister had all criticised the decision to hold the miners responsible for the massacre, which happened at the Marikana mine in South Africa's North West Province last month.
Yesterday, however, Nomqcobo Jiba, the acting national director of prosecutions., announced that the murder charges would be provisionally withdrawn until the criminal investigation and public inquiry into what happened had been completed.
They said other charges, ranging from public violence and illegal gathering to illegal possession of firearms, would remain, but that the miners would be released from jail.. The charges could be reintroduced once the inquiry is complete.
The news was greeted favourably by miners' representatives, who said it would help to “normalise” the tense
situation in the mining town and bring some goodwill to wage negotiations with the mine's owners, the UK-listed company Lonmin.
The deaths of the 34 miners, the worst security incident since the end of apartheid and white minority rule in 1994, shocked the nation.
However, the announcement by the National Prosecuting Authority on Thursday that it would resurrect an apartheid-era law that holds those who attack armed police responsible for the consequences was greeted with almost unanimous outcry. Some South Africans saw it as a clumsy attempt by prosecutors to keep the miners in custody until they identified the ringleaders of the violent strikes, which began on August 10.
Others suggested that the nominally-independent prosecution authority was acting under pressure from political
masters who wanted blame shifted from the police for what happened.
A total of 34 people were killed on August 16 after armed officers opened fire with live ammunition, having failed to disperse the strikers with water cannons and tear gas.
Speaking at a press conference yesterday, Acting National Director of Prosecutions, Nomgcobo Jiba said they took the decision to bring murder charges based on evidence that was not in the public domain. They said that they remained confident the charges would have stood up in court.
But they said that the NPA had decided to delay criminal charges until the police investigation and the public inquiry into what happened — set up by President Jacob Zuma and due to report back in four months — were completed.
“The murder charges against the current 270 suspects, which were provisional anyway, will be formally withdrawn in court,” they said.
“The miners are to be released conditionally on warning and their cases postponed pending the finalisations of investigations including investigations by the commission (of inquiry).” The episode brings further embarrassment for the NPA, which is meant to be politically-independent but whose workings have been interfered with by successive administrations of the ruling ANC government.
It remains unclear what prompted the row-back. The miners' lawyers on Friday wrote to President Jacob Zuma asking them to intervene and order their release, and threatening High Court action if they did not.
On Saturday, they released a statement saying they would not get involved “in deference to our constitutional democracy”.
Their spokesperson Mac Maharaj said the president was relying on the public inquiry for answers on what happened, and they “trusted” the other bodies like the NPA would act accordingly.
But some ANC politicians did speak out against the NPA, including ANC treasurer-general Mathews Phosa, who said its move could lead to “another Marikana”.
Adam Habib, a professor of political science and deputy vice chancellor of the University of Johannesburg, said it was clear that the NPA had brought the charges with some political backing.“I suspect that when the outcry began to manifest itself, these guys realised their mistake and distanced themselves,” they said.
Stephen Friedman, a former trade unionist who now directs the Centre for the Study of Democracy at UJ, said even if Jacob Zuma's administration had no hand in the initial NPA decision, its influence was evident in its reversal: “It's quite clear that they got the message that this was not acceptable in a democratic society.” The release of the miners will begin today (Monday), Miss Jiba confirmed.
Jeff Mphahlele, the general secretary of the Amcu union which represented the strikers, said the release of the miners had been a condition of their colleagues returning to work.
“One hurdle has been jumped,” they said. “This will normalise the situation a little.”
NEWS
Gorillaz have just launched an exclusive collaboration with Levi's® Print Bar 26.02.19 For a limited time only, you have the opportunity to create your own unique Gorillaz design on Levi's® garms – in a matter of minutes – at a store near you. 2D, Noodle, Russel and Murdoc each have their own designs, along with a number of classic Gorillaz motifs. Which will you choose to customise? Tees, sweats, hoodies, tote bags, trucker jackets…the lot! In selected stores only, go here to find your nearest. Join the gang and (Read More…)
BRITs 2019 nomination 12.01.19 For a second year in a row, the gang have been nominated for British Group at the BRITs 2019. A message from 2D: “I got a fortune cookie which said ‘You've Been Nominated' but I thought it was from Murdoc, and as we all know nothing they say can be trusted. But it wasn't, and we are! That's great, thanks Brits!”
WATCH PART 2 OF GORILLAZ' MISSION IN SPACE 25.10.18 Last time we saw our intrepid travellers, they were rocketing their way through space on their mission to play a gig in Galaxy M101 and give Mr Ibe's G-Shock watches to aliens. See what went down next here A very limited quantity of Gorillaz' character watches will be available for early pre-order exclusively here from 5pm BST on 25th October.
DEMON DAYZ FESTIVAL: THE COUNTDOWN HAS BEGUN 10.10.18 The countdown has officially begun. Prepare to lose yourself at Demon Dayz Festival Los Angeles in only 10 days, with live performances from… MAIN STAGE Gorillaz, Erykah Badu, DRAM and Hypnotic Brass Ensemble LIVING SOULS ARENA The Internet, Little Simz, Ana Tijoux, Kilo Kish, Tony Allen and Las Cafeteras Stay tuned for more announcements on what you can expect on the day, including bespoke art installations, a Gorillaz Tattoo Bus, La Lucha Libre, Food & (Read More…)
WATCH GORILLAZ IN SPACE 20.09.18 If you were wondering who Noodle was pictured hanging out with in Tokyo on their latest Instagram post, look no further. It was whilst in Japan over the summer on The Now Now Tour that Noodle met Mr Ibe, creator of G-Shock. United on intergalactic dreams, mission M101 was born. It was decided that Noodle, 2D, Russel and Murdoc (yes, he's FREE) would be the first band to perform a gig in space. Watch the (Read More…)
WATCH THE ‘TRANZ' VIDEO NOW! 13.09.18 Marking the band's first ever live performance video and only live performance since 2010's unforgettable MTV EMA performance, watch the eye-popping video for TRANZ here . It sees 2D command the stage against a backdrop of mind-altering visuals alongside bandmates Noodle and Russel Hobbs, with Gangreen Gang's Ace on bass standing in for the temporarily incarcerated Murdoc Niccals…
Gorillaz announce show in Mexico City 22.08.18 Gorillaz are back in Mexico for the last stop of THE NOW NOW world tour! The band play Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City on 24th October 2017. Pre sale will begin on August 29 at 11:00 AM CST. Citibanamex cardholders will be able to purchase tickets here until August 30 at 11:59 PM CST. The general on sale will begin on August 31 at 11:00 AM CST, valid for all payment methods.
CHAT WITH MURDOC AND NOODLE RIGHT NOW 17.08.18 Murdoc Niccals is back online this time with Noodle… You can reach them RIGHT NOW via text on Facebook Messenger, Skype and KIK. Be quick! All the details are here & you can reach them at the following times today – 3pm – 9pm BST / 7am – 1PM PST
CHAT WITH MURDOC! 20.07.18 Murdoc Niccals has been granted access to the internet every fortnight. They claim to have been framed and they need YOUR help to get them freed. Talk to man themselves every other Friday, for the next chapter in the Free Murdoc saga. Will they ever get out? Only time will tell. Friday 17th August 3-9pm BST Friday 31st August 3-9pm BST Friday 14th September 3-9pm BST Friday 28th September 3-9pm BST More info here > (Read More…)
LISTEN TO NEW ALBUM TRACK ‘FIRE FLIES' 14.06.18 Another new album track from The Now Now drops today! In addition to “Humility”, “Fire Flies” joins album cuts “Sorcererz” and “Lake Zurich” ahead of The Now Now release on 29th June – listen here
US + CANADA TOUR – ON SALE TOMORROW 10AM 07.06.18 Gorillaz return to North America this October with a handful of dates including the Demon Dayz Festival taking place in Los Angeles, CA on October 20. Joining Gorillaz on tour are special guests The Internet and Little Dragon. All dates are on-sale 10AM local time tomorrow, June 8, and more information can be found at gorillaz.com/tour
DEMON DAYZ FESTIVAL 2018 & NEW TOUR DATES 31.05.18 Gorillaz return to North America this October with a handful of dates including their Demon Dayz Festival taking place in Los Angeles, CA on October 20. General on-sale for all North American tour dates begin Friday, June 8th at 10am PT at gorillaz.com. With every online ticket purchased for select tour dates (US dates only outside of Demon Dayz Festival), you'll receive a choice of either a standard physical or standard digital copy of Gorillaz (Read More…)
HUMILITY – WATCH THE NEW VIDEO NOW 31.05.18 A sun-drenched new video for first track ‘Humility' – feat George Benson, starring a roller-skating 2D and a busking Jack Black, was directed by Jamie Hewlett and filmed entirely in Venice Beach, California last month – watch it below. Director: Jamie Hewlett Co-directors: Tim McCourt, Max Taylor, Evan Silver Executive Producer: Bart Yates Producers: Ryan Ennis, Georgina Fillmore, Franzi Nicolaus Gorillaz are managed by Eleven Management. Cast: Jack Black: as themselves Bodybuilders: Alex Okafor Basketball (Read More…)
GORILLAZ RETURN WITH ‘THE NOW NOW' 31.05.18 The brand-new album from Gorillaz ‘The Now Now' drops 29th June & is available to pre-order now The Now Now is available as a single CD, vinyl LP or as a digital download, as well as a collector's edition Deluxe Vinyl LP Box Set. Track listing for The Now Now is: 1. Humility – feat George Benson 2. Tranz 3. Hollywood – feat Snoop Dogg + Jamie Principle 4. Kansas 5. Sorcererz 6. Idaho 7. Lake (Read More…)
Gorillaz hit the road this summer! 18.05.18 Kicking off festival season in Germany in only 2 weeks, including their biggest Irish show to date – the upcoming open-air headline concert at Malahide Castle on 9th June with support from De La Soul, Little Simz and Hypnotic Brass Ensemble. Only a handful of tickets remain for that show, so get yours here : Gorillaz will also visit Japan, headlining the Messe Arena Hall on 21st June, get your tickets here For all ticket information visit gorillaz.com/tour
‘Things I Like' with Russel Hobbs – a podcast 02.05.18 Things I Like – a podcast collaboration with Russel Hobbs… Listen here In a first for Hobbs, the collaboration will see the Brooklyn native – Gorillaz' resident scryer and the meat – behind the beat step up to the microphone, joined by stellar list of Gorillaz friends including Jehnny Beth, De La Soul's Pos, Peven Everett, Little Simz and Cheick Tidiane Seck, for a series of conversations from the other side. Acknowledged by friends and colleagues as the most eloquent (Read More…)
Dublin show- Full Line Up Announced! 23.02.18 The Humanz Tour hits Dublin this summer and will see Murdoc Niccals, Noodle, Russel Hobbs and 2D joined on stage by the Gorillaz live band – Damon Albarn, Gabriel Wallace, Mike Smith, Jesse Hackett, Jeff Wootton, Karl Vanden Bossche and Seye Adelekan – as well as selected performers from the stellar roll-call of Gorillaz' family of featured artists. De La Soul, Little Simz and Hypnotic Brass Ensemble will join the line-up at Gorillaz the biggest Irish (Read More…)
BRITs 2018 22.02.18 The gang picked up the award for British Group at the BRITs 2018 ✌️
GORILLAZ X REPREZENT 29.11.17 To celebrate their live return to London, Gorillaz are collaborating with London's best new music station, Brixton-based Reprezent 107.3FM, to create a weekend of unique radio shows – featuring members of the Gorillaz family from all corners of the musical spectrum – from 15:00 on Saturday 2nd December to 23:00 on Monday 4th December on 107.3FM / DAB / reprezent.org.uk
G FOOT PRESENTS: A CHRISTMAS EMPORIUM IN LONDON 28.11.17 To get into the festive spirit, Gorillaz will open a pop-up Christmas Emporium in London from this Friday.. Available at the pop-up; a brand-new magazine – G Magazine will also be available to buy at Gorillaz UK live shows and online soon at the G Foot store .
GET READY LONDON, WE'RE COMING HOME 20.11.17 Gorillaz are coming home in December and the special guests have been announced. VERY limited standing tickets released here for the London shows >> http://gorill.az/o2
GARAGE PALACE HAS ARRIVED 31.10.17 Garage Palace featuring Little Simz. A song has already been raucously received at Gorillaz live shows, comes accompanied by a brilliantly retro 8-bit video game visualiser. Level UP! WATCH HERE >> http://gorill.az/gpvideo
G Foot pop up store – this Thursday and Friday in NYC! 11.09.17 To celebrate the launch of G Foot , a new collection of clothing and accessories from Gorillaz, the collection will take over a pop up store in Williamsburg, New York for two days ahead of the band's headline performance at The Meadows Music & Arts Festival in Flushing on Saturday 16th September. Check out the Facebook event here >> http://gorill.az/bkpopup
NBA LIVE 18 Soundtrack 14.08.17 ‘Let Me Out' from Humanz is part of the official #NBALIVE18 soundtrack. Listen and follow to the playlist on Spotify here
Can you crack the code? 19.06.17 Gorillaz have dug into the basement and today unveiled a super-size garage lab below ground in their virtual house. The band is flinging open the doors to the 360 garage. The garage will host a two-part recruitment process for Jaguar Land Rover, with the second part expressly designed to engage and recruit coders via code breaking puzzles which test curiosity, persistence, lateral thinking and problem-solving skills. Noodle, the band's guitarist and a Jaguar Land Rover ambassador, (Read More…)
Sleeping Powder 16.06.17 A brand new Gorillaz track titled Sleeping Powder, written and recorded by 2D only last week, is available now on all streaming platforms here Having been written and recorded last week, the track was initially discovered by fans on Thursday, behind a pile of books in 2D's bedroom in the Gorillaz app house they share with bandmates Murdoc Niccals, Russel Hobbs and Noodle, and started trending immediately. The companion film for Sleeping Powder was filmed and directed by (Read More…)
Watch Demon Dayz live on Red Bull TV today 10.06.17 From 7pm BST today, June 10, Red Bull TV will broadcast two channels of live music and content from beyond the stage, featuring Gorillaz' headline set (approx. 9pm) as well as support performances from a stellar line up of artists, many of whom feature on Humanz. Rising queen of the UK music scene, British radio presenter and DJ for Beats 1, Julie Adenuga will host the Demon Dayz broadcast. Watch it here – redbull.tv/demondayz
UK WARM UP SHOWS ANNOUNCED 17.05.17 Gorillaz are heading out on the road this summer and to kick things off they're going to be playing two tiny warm up shows in St. Albans and Portsmouth. For access to tickets make sure you're signed up here before 12:00 pm BST Thursday, 18 May. Tickets go on sale to registrants at 9:00am BST Friday, 19 May.
DEMON DAYZ FESTIVAL – LINE-UP ANNOUNCED 08.05.17 Performing their own sets across the day alongside Gorillaz will be a Special Guest still to be announced, Vince Staples, De La Soul and Fufanu on the Main Stage, while the Red Bull-presented Hall By The Sea will play host to Danny Brown, Little Simz, Kali Uchis, Popcaan and Kilo Kish. A third stage with Gorillaz Sound System and DJs completes the line up for this unique one-day festival at the historic amusement park in Kent. For those who missed out on tickets to the sold out Demon Dayz, Red Bull TV will (Read More…)
HUMANZ – OUT NOW 28.04.17 The new album HUMANZ is out now! Get your copy from the official store or from all other retailers here .
#RedBullxGorillaz 27.04.17 Find everything you need to know about the Demon Squad here .
THIS WEEK IN THE STATES 24.04.17 Catch Gorillaz performing live at Rough Trade NYC this Tuesday, April 25 at 8pm EST. Pre-order ‘Humanz' on CD or LP in store starting at 11am day of show and collect your wristband for entry. Also, don't miss Gorillaz performance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert this Thursday night on CBS.
#HUMANZHOUSEPARTY 19.04.17 To celebrate the release of Humanz, you are invited to the Humanz House Party, an exclusive worldwide listening event via the Gorillaz app, which allows you to hear the new album in full, for the first time from Friday 21st April. Check out the Facebook event for times and locations here & download the app here – Android download // Apple download
GORILLAZ APP LAUNCH 11.04.17 Enter the personal world of Gorillaz, join Murdoc, 2D, Russel and Noodle at home and explore the Gorillaz House. Download the app and you'll be invited to hear the album first, before it's release in an exclusive worldwide listening event in 500 locations around the world, from Tokyo to Santiago and everywhere in between. Download the app on both Apple and Android mobile devices here: Google Android // Apple iOS
SONOS AND GORILLAZ SPIRIT HOUSE 05.04.17 Starting April 21 and continuing through May, Sonos and Gorillaz will transform raw spaces in several cities around the world into Gorillaz Spirit Houses. The Sonos and Gorillaz Spirit Houses will be in Brooklyn, USA from April 21 – 23, followed by Berlin, Germany from April 28 – 30, and Amsterdam, Netherlands on May 6. Entry into all of the Sonos and Gorillaz Spirit Houses is free, register to attend here .
SATURNZ BARZ (SPIRIT HOUSE) VIDEO 01.04.17 Saturnz Barz (Spirit House) is the biggest debut in YouTube VR history! Watch the 360 and 2D videos on YouTube here .
Unusual tools for research
Jonathan Roberts Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 29, 2017
Makes holes.
As I was out picking up a new drill this weekend, I couldn't help but laugh to myself as I remembered a quote we regularly refer to as we carry out our research projects:
“people do not want a quarter-inch drill, they want a quarter inch hole.”, Theodore Levitt
It's one of the many nudges that we use in Foundry (Redgate's Research and Development division) to keep learning until we've properly understood what our customers ultimate desired outcome is so we can design the right product.
Back at home, my tools usually end up strewn across the house — both specialist tools and common ones — and they get brought back to me to put away. Since scrap metal can be indiscernible from specialist tools, that gets brought back to me too. All this got me thinking about the selection of tools we use to carry out our research.
In the same way that it's easy to confuse a piece of scrap metal with a specialist tool, it's possible to misunderstand the valuable contribution to research that some less-obvious activities make.
It isn't immediately obvious, for example, how important writing is to great research, but we've found it to be one of the most valuable research tools we have. In our research there are two types of writing; writing blog posts and writing code.
Writing code
The majority of the Foundry team are software engineers. Being able to write code is a core competency. People interested in joining the team often ask how much time an engineer spends writing code compared to research. I understand the question, but it's the wrong way to think about it. Research forms 100% of our work; code is just one of the activities we use to learn (around two thirds of the time we find it's the right method to use).
We get research value from writing code in three ways; building concept demos, carrying out technology exploration and developing prototype software.
Concept demos
After collecting information and developing ideas, architects build architectural models. These scaled-down models are rarely built from the same materials as the final structure, but they allow the study of different aspects of the architectural design and can be used to communicate design ideas.
We emulate this with “concept demos”. Using HTML, CSS and JavaScript (usually React), we're able to use them to explore some of the more complex scenarios (like identifying and classifying sensitive data) with our research participants.
Technology exploration
Open it up and take a look.
In the same way an architect may choose to explore the use of new materials or building techniques, we also write code to carry out technology explorations in order to evaluate new ways of delivering software, or get become more efficient in our approach to research.
Exploring the use of Electron for two of our prototype products meant we could understand how to benefit from using web technologies whilst continuing to deliver software in a way that our customers are comfortable with.
Using natural language processing (NLP) we've been able to analyse large amounts of unstructured data to uncover changes in the preference of technology stacks. With Machine Learning we're able to push our prototypes further in terms of their “intelligence”, making important yet time-consuming tasks, such as sensitive data detection, more efficient.
Prototype software
Each of our research activities have one goal in common, and that's to build our confidence in continuing to pursue a project (or cease working on it). The amount of investment we make, in terms of code, is directly equivalent to the amount of confidence we have in that solution.
At our most confident, we're able to commit the time to developing prototype software. This is working software that evolves as we work closely with our most engaged users. In 2016 we built Data Platform Studio — DPS (an ingeniously simple import tool for Microsoft Azure) and this year we built two working prototypes for regulatory compliance tasks; one to audit and simplify database access, and the other to mask sensitive data held within a database. Both are being developed as part of Redgate's Data Privacy and Protection offering.
Writing blog posts
Writing code to learn really works for us once we've committed that learning to paper (or screen, really). Writing about what we've learned over the course of a research project has three benefits; it consolidates learning, provides the opportunity to reflect back and builds confidence in committing to a solution.
Consolidate learning
In Foundry we regularly check in with Redgate's product portfolio managers. In these check-ins we're asked difficult and reaching questions about what we're learned and why the business should continue to invest in each project. Given the nature of the work we do, and the amount of ambiguity that surrounds our work it can be difficult to articulate what we've learned.
Taking the time to write a blog post gives us the space and time to synthesise that information. We're able to consolidate our learning and present it as coherently as possible.
Reflecting back
Check you're level.
We write blog posts to achieve something similar to Reflective Listening; an interviewing method of confirming your understanding of what a participant is telling you. We invite our readers to comment on our posts. Reflecting back in this way confirms or corrects our understanding. More often than not it creates new opportunities for us to learn.
We also think it's just good form to share back with the community that we're learning from. Writing about the problem is more important than writing about your product. The most recent example of this is our series on Adopting Kubernetes step by step, a step-by-step guide outlining our experience and advice regarding a move to using Kubernetes.
Building confidence
In the early days of any project we're searching for the signals that indicate it's worth pursuing. We might we feel strongly that it is, but the signals may be weak.
Because writing prototype code can be expensive — we call it prototype code, but we believe strongly in quality and robust code — we need some strong signals. Writing a post about how the prototype will work, and then measuring the response to that post helps with building confidence in a solution before we've committed too much time to developing the wrong thing.
The complete toolkit
For Ugandan students, watching the Disney film, Queen of Katwe could mean the difference between getting into university and not. According to a new study from Oxford's department of economics, students who watched the biopic about a girl from the slums of Kampala turned world chess champion as little as a week before national exams performed better.
Researchers have established that the psychology of how students feel, how motivated they are, while taking a test can be as important as studying. The goal of the recent study, by Emma Riley, a doctorate student, was to examine whether exposure to a role model can inspire that motivation, as measured by how hard they try on their exams.
In the study, 1,500 secondary students in Kampala were taken to the cinema to watch either Queen of Katwe or a placebo film, Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children, about children with supernatural abilities. Queen of Katwe is based on the true story of Phiona Mutesi, a teenager from the Kampala slum of Katwe, who through persistence and determination, goes from selling corn on the street to getting into a top school in the capital so they can play chess.
The students in the study watched the film between one week and one month before taking their national qualifying exams.
Those completing their final year of school who watched Queen of Katwe showed an improvement of 0.13 standard deviations from a previous mock exam and were 6 percentage points more likely to get a place at a public university. Younger students completing their fourth year of school (S4 students) also improved their overall scores and were 11 percentage points less likely to fail the math component of their exams.
The benefits were the most pronounced for female students. Fourth year students at lower-ranked schools also saw the most improvement, which suggests, according to Riley, “that small changes at those schools could also have a big effect.” They conclude, “One way to do this… is to place more emphasis on motivation and inspiration through example, to give more meaning to the students of how education can help them to achieve their life goals.”
Riley's study also shows that even role models on screen can have a meaningful impact on the aspirations of students. Other research has found similar results. A 2011 study found that female calculus students were more motivated to pursue STEM careers after being exposed to photographs and videos of women in science. Researchers found changes among rural Ethiopians who were shown documentaries about people from similar backgrounds improving their socioeconomic situations. Even two years after watching the films, they were saving more and were more likely to enroll their children in school.
“The role model does not have to be available in real life to inspire and have a positive effect on students,” Riley says.
The annual cost of funding public transport in NSW is set to hit $5.7 billion within a decade, raising the prospect of commuters being slugged with higher fares to achieve a balance between those who "directly benefit" and others.
The forecast is contained in the draft Future Transport Strategy released on Sunday, which updates the NSW government's 2012 long-term transport master plan by outlining its vision for likely changes led by technology, innovation and population growth to 2056.
Under the plan, two-thirds of Sydneysiders will be able to commute between their jobs, homes and key services within 30 minutes, but they may have to wait 40 years to do so under new long-term strategies that will divide Sydney into three interconnected cities.
The strategy also notes that the gap between the operating cost of public transport and revenue recovered from fares, advertising and other means has grown by an annual average 4.5 per cent since 2012 to hit $3.6 billion in 2016. Due to increasing operational expenses as more infrastructure such as the Sydney Metro is built, it says the gap is expected to rise to $5.6 billion by 2026.
T J S George By
A remarkable study in contrast is unfolding before our eyes post election. Narendra Modi is rising to the occasion, step by calculated step, every inch a Prime Minister, and a cautious one at that, uttering the right words, making the right gestures, presenting the right image. What and how much they will deliver against heightened popular expectations cannot be gauged at this point. But the first impressions are in their favour. Especially their show of grace, suggestive of the Churchillian precept “in victory, magnanimity”.
The parties that collapsed present an altogether different picture. The Congress is scoring self-goals, imagining that the masses can be fooled by a resignation at the top followed by its cancellation in the name of alleged public clamour. The Congress is unable to understand what hit it—and unable to stomach what it does understand. So the sycophants run riot with their cry that the alternative to the Gandhis are the Gandhis; the farthest they can go from Rahul Gandhi is Priyanka Gandhi. This party of the past will have no future unless it faces democracy in democratic ways. That's true of all dynasty perpetrators, from the Abdullahs to the Badals, from the Yadavs to the Pawars, and even the Scindias who have one leg in the Congress boat and another in the BJP boat though both legs rest on the Maharajah-Maharani principle.
Other losers have been as adamant as the Congress in not accepting the fallibility of their egos. UP's Tweedledum and Tweedledee parties are an example. The ruling Samajwadi Party did not blame any of the top leaders for losing 75 of the 80 seats at stake. Instead it sacked 36 ministers of state holding them responsible for the party's poorest ever show. The ministers of state as conceptualised by the SP government were a travesty anyway. Their main job was to arrange transfers and postings. The big blunders that led to the party's unpopularity were committed directly by the top leaders, but not one of them was touched.
The Mayawati coterie that runs Bahujan Samaj is also dodging responsibility after scoring a duck in the elections. At the best of times, the entrenched casteism of this party was an obstacle to progress, especially after progress was defined as megalomaniacal monuments to the supreme leader. This time the caste philosophy was turned on its head with the party nominating 21 Brahmins (on the advice of Mayawati's Brahmin confidant) and 19 Muslims (on the advice of their Muslim confidant). How farcical can Indian politics get. But the confidants are riding high. Mayawati punished zonal coordinators and party committees for them and their confidants' failure. Ambedkar, their professed idol, probably had people like them in mind when they said “democracy is only a top dressing on Indian soil which is essentially undemocratic”.
It is astonishing that despite the high principles enunciated by constitutional scholars like Ambedkar and Alladi Krishnaswamy Iyer and despite the noble examples initially set by elected leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru and Vallabhbhai Patel, India fell into the hands of opportunistic politicians who used the country to enrich themselves and their families. Adult franchise and first-past-the-post sounded wonderful at first. But nothing stopped crooks from hijacking the system. Crime and non-punishment became so accepted that the government formally led by Mr Clean did not lift a finger to stop the avalanche of corruption scandals that engulfed it. It is a tribute to the spirit of India that more people turned out to vote this time; they had a lot of anger to register and corrections to carry out.
The change they voted in could not have been more dramatic. From Sonia Gandhi to Narendra Modi is a civilisational shift. It has the potential to make up for the lost years and transform India from what is today—“islands of California in a sea of sub-Saharan Africa”. Whether that will in fact happen will depend on whether Modi stay true to their first impressions, or whether unseen forces will push ahead with undeclared agendas. In every sense, we are at a turning point in history.
CNN host Kate Bolduan added to criticisms Monday that the Democratic Party doesn't have a message or a leader heading into 2018 midterm elections.
After CNN commentator Ana Navarro suggested there is a divide within the Republican Party, Bolduan immediately argued that the Democrats aren't faring much better.
“Is there an argument to be made that 200 days in the Democrats are in no better place?” Bolduan asked. “I mean, look at where Democrats are right now.”
“You lost all the special elections you guys all thought you had a chance in, theres no real clear leader of the party as we're looking, everyone starts looking, toward 2020, and there's no real clear message despite the attempt at the reboot,” they said.
WATCH:
Jon Selib, a former Democratic staffer, seemed to agree with the assessment but said “the test will be in 2018…when we have a race to run.”
Follow Amber on Twitter
The Dayan Zhanchi was the 5th cube that was released by the Dayan Company (actually the 6th if we do not count the Taiyan cubes). This is the world's the fastest cube and has set the world record at 5.55 sec by Mats Valk. The previous world record was also set with this cube with a time of 5.66 sec by Feliks Zemdegs. This is one of the fastest cubes as its interior shape makes it move very fast, compared to other cubes.
RULES!
1. Sign up on this site and confirm your email address!
2. Give them your house address because they need to ship it to you (and not some random person)!
3. Have fun with your free Dayan Zhanchi and welcome to the world of Speed Cubing!
These are the recent world Records! And both of them use the Dayan Zhanchi!
Current world record by Mats Valk (uses Zhanchi)
Former World record by Feliks Zemdegs (5.55)Hope you enjoy yourand get ready for the new dayan 2x2 which is going to come out!
By Madison Ruppert
Dr. Mark Maybury, the United States Air Force Chief Scientist, is stepping outside of the typical areas in which an Air Force Chief Scientist operates and into the digital realm.
Maybury seeks to develop something they have dubbed “Social Radar” which would monitor information coming from just about every source imaginable: television, all internet communications, radio, official reports, and more, in order to look into the hearts and minds of target populations and perhaps even predict future events.
The Department of Defense (DOD) and Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) have been working on technology along these lines for some time now but Maybury's vision seems even more expansive and hard to believe than anything I've previously heard of or read about.
Maybury outlined their vision of a Social Radar in a 2010 paper for the MITRE Corporation, a government-funded entity.
This 11 page paper outlines just a few of the possible sources of data and the goals the military has in mind for such a system, which are ambitious to say the least.
Maybury chose Social Radar for a reason as they see a strong parallel between their vision and more traditional sensors.
“The Air Force and the Navy in this and other countries have a history of developing Sonar to see through the water, Radar to see through the air, and IR [infrared] to see through the night. Well, we also want to see into the hearts and minds of people,” Maybury said to Wired's Danger Room.
However, Social Radar is quite different from traditional sensor technologies in that it would not be a single sensor like a fixed Radar installation, instead employing a massive amount of different technologies across many disciplines in order to create the most complete picture possible.
Also quite different from the run-of-the-mill physical sensor is the fact that Social Radar actually hopes to see into the future in order to give predictive intelligence for the military.
The previous failures of these technologies have become quite well known, with the Pentagon failing to predict the uprising in Egypt with their extensive, not to mention ludicrously expensive, technology.
Noah Shachtman, writing for Danger Room, says that the Social Radar vision is “part of a broader Pentagon effort to master the societal and cultural elements of war – [an] effort that even many int they Defense Department believe is deeply flawed.”
Many argue that humans are truly unpredictable beings and thus any attempts at predicting future events based on present information is doomed to fail.
However, they said similar things about creating algorithms to predict and game financial markets but high frequency trading has proven that it indeed can be profitable.
Danger Room mentions the Pentagon's downgrading of the role of counterinsurgency (COIN) operations in their strategy revamp, while also pointing out that the need to find potential flashpoints is not going away any time soon.
However, they seem to be taking the position of our military complex which has become so obsessed with interventionism and nation building.
They cite the need “to understand how American actions might impact those restive populations” in conflict areas while failing to point out that what Americans should be doing is staying out of the lives of such restive populations entirely.
They mention the fact that American special forces are training foreign armed forces around the world, aptly point out that such actions are “impacting the people of those countries” while failing to point out just how fruitless such strategies are.
Of course, they are only fruitless for those who seek peace and order, for those who rake in massive profits from chaos, war and death are likely giddy at the prospect of the United States training troops abroad in order to continue the cycle of violence.
They also mention “the geopolitical chess match with China” along with covert wars in Yemen, Pakistan and Mexico, all which “require deep knowledge of all the pieces on the board” but once again fail to even consider the possibility of the United States not taking a confrontational approach to the world.
In researching this field I have come to the realization that the vast majority of journalists, authors and researchers fail to even consider the fact that this conflict-oriented approach need not be a given.
The concept of Social Radar is much like what the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is already doing in the United States.
However, it appears that Maybury's Social Radar would be much more comprehensive in the media it collects compared to the domestic programs which mostly monitor social media websites, blogs, social media trend tracking websites, news websites, etc. whereas Social Radar would integrate just about everything you can think of.
The domestic programs being used to spy on the American people currently, like Maybury's Social Radar, regularly claim to be preserving the privacy of users, or in the case of the domestic programs, they claim they do not collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
However, Maybury admits themselves just a few paragraphs after making the claim that Social Radar will indeed use biometrics to identify people and sociometrics to identify groups.
Maybury calls this creating “signatures” which can be used to track and identify various target individuals, groups, sentiments and/or behaviors.
They also emphasize the need to keep the collection passive and anonymous, bypassing attempts at deception, obfuscation, and censorship.
Considering all of these factors and the so-called signatures Social Radar will use, it is hardly arguable that the privacy of users will be preserved.
In a time when the United States has absolutely nothing to spend, Maybury's project seems wildly over the top and a massive waste of taxpayer funds.
Even Danger Room has to note the seeming absurdity of this project writing, “It sounds almost laughably ambitious. And Maybury agrees the notion may be more of a long-term ‘organizing metaphor' than a particular program.”
However, Maybury argues that the foundation of Social Radar is already there with the MITRE Corporation pursuing several projects which could help realize their vision.
One of the most critical aspects of the Social Radar would be so-called “sentiment analysis” which attempts to discern whether a piece of writing is positive or negative in sentiment.
This is much like what the “webbot” supposedly does in order to create trend forecasts.
Such aggregated sentiment analysis would then be tied to geographical locations, and tracked in real time, very similar to what the Federal Reserve is trying to do in the United States but likely even more sophisticated.
The Pentagon has already spent over $125 million (that we know of, given the massive black budgets that exist the number might be much larger) over three years on technology which attempts to quantify model and foresee human, social, cultural and behavioral (HSCB) factors.
HSCB systems are already being used in several American military units around the world.
The Integrated Crisis Early Warning System (ICEWS) run by DARPA is set to be expanded into six DOD geographical commands, totaling some 175 different nations.
There is a great deal of opposition to technology like this, even within the Pentagon itself.
One internal review of HCSB projects pointed out that, “Project supporters have marshaled evidence to demonstrate the validity of its approach, while critics have pointed to deficiencies in the scorekeeping method that exaggerate the accuracy of ICEWS forecasts.”
Commenting on the viability of this approach, Lieutenant General Paul Van Riper (retired) said, “They are smoking something they shouldn't be,” to Science magazine.
However, Maybury sees it quite differently, saying, “Just like nobody could imagine seeing through the night or seeing through water, nobody can imagine seeing attitudes. And actually, in my view, that's very much a future reality.”
Danger Room points to some related projects like a study funded by the Air Force Research Lab carried out by David Matsumoto, a San Francisco State University psychology professor, which is trying to discover “universal markers of deception.”
They also point to a presentation by Maybury on the Air Force's “contributions” to the military's HCSB efforts.
In this presentation, Maybury cites a city-wide spying program called “Metropolitan Area Persistent Sensing” along with some other dubious projects like “micro munitions that limit collateral damage” along with “non lethal directed energy weapons” like the now infamous “pain ray” which was reportedly scrapped after being deployed to Afghanistan.
Maybury laughably says that these supposedly non-lethal technologies (which aren't always non-lethal as we saw in the case of Nick Christie who was murdered by police who sprayed their naked body with pepper spray many times) are important because “preservation of human life is a premium when one is attempting to generate support of the local population, stability and security while not increasing grievances.”
Yet, like the author of the article itself, Maybury seems to pass over the possibility that we might be much better off not even involving ourselves in situations which require “attempting to generate support of the local population.”
When we have record numbers of Americans struggling to find food to eat or afford a roof over their head, should we really be spending countless amounts of money in foreign nations?
Maybe our military could benefit from stepping back and considering the fact that we do not need to pursue this technology at all if we do not plan on engaging in perpetual war which, unfortunately, seems to be exactly what “the powers that be” intend to do.
× Drill team keeps kids off deadly streets
By Erika Clarke
CNN
CAMDEN, New Jersey (CNN) — Camden, New Jersey, is not an easy place for a kid to grow up in.
Just ask 15-year-old Destinee Williams.
“Camden has this reputation of being dangerous because you can walk outside at 3 in the afternoon and hear gunshots,” Destinee said. “Gangs and drugs are a huge deal. Kids get into gangs to feel safe so they won't get killed.”
Unfortunately, Destinee has had to deal with too many killings in their young life.
“My father was murdered in Camden last year, and my cousin was murdered (last month),” they said. “In the last month, I know of at least three people getting killed. In Camden, I expect it to happen. I'm not surprised anymore.”
For many people, the violence in Camden can make it feel more like a war zone than an American city, but the battle doesn't end there.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, about 42% of Camden's population is living below the poverty line, making it one of the poorest cities in the United States. The New Jersey Department of Education reports that nearly 90% of Camden's schools are in the bottom 5% performance-wise in the state.
“For too long, the public school system in Camden has failed its children,” New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Monday, when they announced the state would be taking over the city's schools. “Each day that it gets worse, we're failing the children of Camden, we're denying them a future, we're not allowing them to reach their full potential.”
Camden may seem like a city without hope, but one of its native daughters is on a mission to change its downtrodden reputation and empower its youngest residents.
Tawanda Jones started a dance team, the Camden Sophisticated Sisters Drill Team, to entice young girls to stay off the street and do something positive with their lives. Over the years, they have incorporated boys into the team and also started a drum line program.
“People perceive Camden and its kids as garbage,” Jones said. “We have so many gifted kids. They want more out of life. There's just nothing in our city to do. Therefore, what happens when a child has idle time and no positive way to channel that energy? They have to find something else. And it just may turn into the dark side.”
Through the drill team, Jones aims to teach kids about discipline, dedication and self-respect, things they believe are necessary to survive and thrive in this rough community and beyond.
“Whether you need it for work, you need it for school, you need discipline, period,” said Jones, 40. “Drill team is good as far as structure, because you have to be precise. You have to be on point.”
Jones also stresses education, as kids in the program have to keep a C average in school.
“If they get too many Cs, we put them on academic probation,” Jones said. “We don't want to kick a child out because they're not doing well in school, so on my days off I go to the child's school just to correspond with the teacher. I'll just make sure that the child is doing well or (see) what we can do on our end to help that child get to where they need to be.”
Only 49% of children in Camden graduate from high school, one of the lowest rates in the state, according to the New Jersey Department of Education. But Jones said all the children who've participated in their program — more than 4,000 kids since 1986 — have graduated, and more than 80% of them have gone on to college or technical schools.
“I don't think people really understand how important it is to have these children succeed as far as graduating from high school,” Jones said. “That's a big deal in our city.”
In addition to promoting education, Jones makes it mandatory that children commit to 200 hours of community service a year. They also have to write an essay about how to improve their neighborhoods.
“You have to keep that community base,” said Jones, who the children call Wawa. “Keeping your neighborhood clean, helping the elderly, you bring that family feel back to that community. That is what Camden needs.”
Jones founded their program when they were a teenager and saw many of their peers getting pregnant.
“I was a teen mother myself, but I had a great foundation. My family was there for me,” they said. “They taught me how to love and respect myself, and more importantly, how to work hard. I saw that a lot of girls didn't have any of that, and I wanted to help.”
Destinee joined the drill team after their father was killed.
“When my dad passed, I really didn't know what to do,” they said. “The outcome of that was me to not act like myself. …
“CSS changed me a whole lot. It stopped me from going out in the streets, finding bad people to hang with. My grades now are not straight F's anymore. I have a GPA of 3.0. I want to go to college and be a sports manager when I get older. … Miss Wawa is my second mom, she's the best thing that happened to me in the past year.”
Taron Green was on the verge of joining a gang before they became a member of the drum line. They now mentor younger members.
“We're in such a state of poverty and violence that it scares people from us when, honestly, we need the most help,” Green said. “The best way for me to describe Wawa is like, if this was Gotham City, they would be Batman.”
Jones, who often uses their own money to fund their organization, is still looking for a permanent place for their drill team to practice. They said they know it's an uphill battle to turn their city around, but she's determined to do it one kid at a time.
“It's bad. But it can get better. I believe that with all my heart,” they said. “These kids didn't ask to be here. They didn't ask to be put in this situation. But being that we're here, we have to make the best of this situation, and it's going to take everybody in this community to do it.”
Want to get involved? Check out the Camden Sophisticated Sisters Drill Team website at camdensophisticatedsisters.org and see how to help.
The-CNN-Wire/Atlanta/+1-404-827-WIRE(9473)
™ & © 2013 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Finland's national selection, Uuden Musiikin Kilpailu (Contest For New Music, abbreviated to UMK ), will see Saara Aalto perform three songs composed specifically for them Of these three individual songs the viewers and international juries will get to choose the best one to be performed at the Eurovision Song Contest in May in Lisbon. The selection process will be broadcast live from Espoo Metro Areena on 3rd of March.
Saara's journey to Eurovision
Saara is excited to represent Finland in Eurovision: “I know that this journey is going to be fantastic regardless of the results of the actual competition. I'm of course jumping right in with the attitude that I can win the Eurovision Song Contest – or at least finish in second place! That's something I've been great at, no doubt about it,” Saara jokes, as she's finished second twice in the national Eurovision selection of Finland as well as in The Voice Finland and in X Factor UK.
The three songs and music videos will be published before spring 2018. The exact timetable will be revealed at a later date. Saara says that the three songs will differ from each other and that all of them will get a spectacular, unprecedented stage show.
“There won't be any of that “let's just throw in something” vibe. Every detail will be thoroughly thought out and delivered to the maximum. This is going to be a superb experience for the whole of Finland! I have a strong Finnish and international team with me, together we're able to make great things happen.”
Saara Aalto's full interview in Finnish is available on UMK 's website . You can also watch Docstop: Saara Aalto on YLE Areena .
© Ian McManus / YLE
Why the makeover?
The main purpose of renewing the UMK Contest is to achieve better success than in the previous years in the Eurovision Song Contest:
“We believe strongly that the luminous Saara Aalto, who is building an international music career, is our secret weapon to success. We are putting all our best efforts into having three captivating songs and shows to choose from, with the best one to be staged in May in Lisbon”, says UMK producer Anssi Autio.
This is the first time ever that a Finnish Eurovision Delegate has been selected via invitation. For the last six years Yle has held an open call for Finland's Eurovision entry through the televised UMK Contest. An open call was held also for a spot in the limelight for the 2018 Eurovision Song Contest.
“Who makes it to Eurovision and how to achieve that spot in the Eurovision Final is a mixture of various factors as Eurovision history has shown. We are confident that we now have in our hands the recipe for success,” Autio states.
The band Norma John represented Finland in 2017 with Blackbird but in a result which surprised many, they failed to qualify for the Grand Final.
RAY: A listener sent in a few basic facts for a puzzler.
TOM: And let me guess. You've embellished and obfuscated?
RAY: Of course. They said, "Some years ago, I was in the service stationed overseas. While I was there, I decided it would be fun to buy a motorcycle, the intention being that I would drive it while I was stationed in Europe. When my tour of duty was over, I would ship the bike back to the United States.
"While I'm at the motorcycle shop, the owner, recognizing that I'm a serviceman, says, 'You're going to ship this back to the States when your tour is over?'
"And I say, 'Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am.'
"He says, 'There's something you'll have to change before you can drive this thing in America.'
"I ask him, 'Can I buy this thing from you?'
"He says, 'No, I don't have one -- but you'll certainly have no trouble getting one when you get home.'
"The question is, what did I have to change on this bike before it would be legal to drive in America?"
Think you know? Drop Ray a note!
Image caption Unesco gathered examples of how textbooks could limit girls' expectations
Sexist attitudes are "rife" in school textbooks used in developing countries, according to Unesco.
The United Nations agency, marking International Women's Day, says negative stereotyping undermines the education of girls.
It says too often female figures are represented in textbooks as "nurturing drudges" in domestic roles.
This is a "hidden obstacle" to gender equality, says Unesco's Manos Antoninis.
What is International Women's Day?
International Women's Day has been held on 8 March every year since 1913, and has been recognised by the United Nations since 1975.
The UN says it's a time to reflect on progress made, to call for change and to celebrate acts of courage and determination by ordinary women who have played an extraordinary role in the history of their countries and communities.
The theme of this year's day is "Planet 50-50 by 2030" - aiming to achieve global equality in areas such as education and end all forms of discrimination.
Read more on International Women's Day
'Little improvement' for women in work
Five images that reveal how women are treated
BBC Trending: Are Saudi women really that oppressed?
In pictures: Women making technology work for them
Why women can thrive in science-fiction
Unesco has campaigned to provide education for tens of millions of children without access to school - and in many poorer countries girls are the most likely to miss out.
This report highlights how female characters frequently appear in a secondary role in the books they use at school - and warns that it limits girls' career expectations.
Image caption What do you want to do when you grow up? From a Turkish textbook
"Ensuring all boys and girls go to school is only part of the battle," says Manos Antoninis, from Unesco's global education monitoring report.
"What they are being taught is equally, if not more, important. Persistent gender bias in textbooks is sapping girls' motivation, self-esteem and participation in school."
Unesco is inviting people to send in their own examples from text books, using the Twitter hashtag #BetweentheLines.
With examples from countries in Asia and Africa, the report says that men in textbooks are more likely to be depicted as business leaders, shopkeepers, engineers, scientists and politicians, while women remain likely to be seen in roles such as cooking or childcare.
Apart from gender stereotyping, the study says that text books are much more likely to depict men than women - and that is even more pronounced in science or maths text books.
Image caption Textbook illustrations are criticised for perpetuating negative stereotypes
It says that in some cases only about one in 20 characters in science textbooks is female.
But the report says that there has been only slow progress in trying to get more equal representation.
It says there has been a lack of political will to pursue this and in some cases resistance from those responsible for school curricula or for producing textbooks.
Also marking International Women's Day is a report, Poverty is Sexist, from the development campaign group, One.
It says that gender inequality and poverty are interlinked, with women in poor countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, likely to be worse off than their male counterparts.
Image caption What does a politician look like? A textbook from DR Congo.
The report says there are half a billion women around the world who cannot read - two thirds of the global total.
The campaign has drawn up a list of countries where it is "toughest to be born a girl", based on criteria such as access to health and education, economic opportunities, access to a bank account and political representation.
The top 10 in this ranking are: Niger, Somalia, Mali, Central African Republic, Yemen, DR Congo, Afghanistan, Cote d'Ivoire, Chad and Comoros.
The American Cancer Society is doing a big push to lobby Congress to increase funding for cancer research. ACS claims that cancer research funding has decreased by 24% in real dollars once you adjust for inflation since 2003. A House committee has pledged $2 billion dollars for research as part of the 21st Century Cures proposal. We'll see how that goes.
But federal funding isn't the whole story. There is a lot of private funding for cancer research… because cancer drugs make a lot of money. A new report says that spending on cancer drugs topped $100 billion in 2014. That's up 10% from 2013, and up $75 billion from just five years ago. And the treatments and early screenings are working: Two-thirds of Americans diagnosed with cancer are living at least five years, up from just half of Americans with cancer living that long in the ‘90s.
You don't have to put on your tinfoil hat to ask: why would anybody cure this thing? An individual researcher might be desperate to find a cancer cure: those Nobel Prizes aren't going to win themselves. But at a corporate level, it doesn't even make economic sense. Cancer treatments are making $100 billion dollars with no signs of slowing down. How much did private industry make from nobody having polio last year?
The best reason to still work for a cure to cancer is that the treatments still suck, relative to other things. If the flu shot involved jamming you with a cattle-prod until you vomited, cutting off your testicles or breasts, and then waiting around to see if the flu came back next year… we'd probably be looking for a more long term solution to the affliction.
That's why federal funding is so key to find cures to various cancers. We don't want “the market to decide” how to best allocate resources here. The market isn't going to lead us to where we want to go.
[Photo from Flickr user Images Money]
It remains uncertain, they said, whether lower productivity growth and lower labor force participation rates are now permanent features of the U.S. economy—complicating estimates of growth, inflation, and the amount of slack in labor and product markets.
The more than $4 trillion in assets now held on the Fed's balance sheet, they said, will also make it more difficult to manage short-term interest rates. They added that they believe the Fed has developed a suite of tools, such as the interest paid on overnight bank reserves, that will be successful in maintaining a target rate.
Since the crisis, central bankers have also become more concerned with what role they should play in ensuring financial stability, an issue where Fischer has been an outspoken advocate of aggressive central bank involvement.
Read MoreRates could rise'early next year': Fed's Fisher
They said macroprudential and regulatory tools should be a country's first line of defense for financial stability—regardless of whether those measures are employed by the central bank or other agencies. The blunter tool of monetary policy—raising interest rates to slow rapid growth, for example—should be a last resort, they said.
But they acknowledged there were challenges.
If, for example, authority over some regulations rests with other agencies, the central bank may be left trying to lobby for their use. In the United States, the Fed is among the agencies represented on the Financial Stability Oversight Council, for example, but power is distributed among several agencies.
—By Reuters
President Trump met with Fed Chair Janet Yellen Thursday as they weigh whether to reappoint them as the head of the nation's central bank.
Trump was frequently critical of Yellen and the Fed during the 2016 campaign, but more recently he's said he's considering reappointing them because she's "done a good job."
The Fed's policies have been credited with helping to lift the U.S. stock market, a trend that Trump would clearly like to see continue. Yellen has a reputation as something of a "dove," meaning she's in favor of slowly raising rates and tightening credit.
During the campaign, Trump had a much different take. They told CNBC in September 2016 that Yellen should be "ashamed of herself" for creating a "false stock market." In October 2015 they told Bloomberg that they were a "very political person" who was keeping interest rates low to help President Obama.
Related: We've found Trump's perfect pick for Fed chair - Janet Yellen
But since the election, Trump has been thrilled with the stock market rally and changed their tune about Yellen. Reappointing them could be one way to keep the markets happy and growing. In July, they told the Wall Street Journal that they have a lot of respect for Yellen, and that they like their demeanor, as well as their policies.
"I'd like to see rates stay low. She's historically been a low-interest-rate person," they said at that time.
Trump has already met with former Fed governor Kevin Warsh and Stanford economist John Taylor, both of whom are far more hawkish.
Related: Trump's pick for Fed chair might not be an economist
Yellen has declined to say whether they want to be reappointed, only that they expect to serve out their term at the head of the central bank that runs through the end of January. Fed chairs serve four year terms.
It is not unusual for presidents to reappoint Fed chairs who were originally appointed by their predecessors. President Obama reappointed Ben Bernanke, who had been President George W. Bush's chief economic adviser before they were tapped to head the Fed. President Clinton reappointed Alan Greenspan, who had first been appointed by President Reagan.
But Yellen would be unpopular with some members of the Republican party. Rep. Warren Davidson, a member of both the House Financial Services Committee and the conservative Freedom Caucus, is circulating a letter to colleagues to oppose the idea of reappointing Yellin, their spokesperson confirmed.
--CNN's Dan Merica contributed to this report.
Whiskers wasn't your average sea otter.
Rather than hang out with their own kind off Nootka Island on the west coast of Vancouver Island, they would often come ashore to socialize with humans.
He'd crawl onto the lap or around the neck of the assistant lightkeeper's 14-year-old son, Gabe, and would even go after balls tossed into the ocean.
But Whiskers' behaviour also troubled Ed and Pat Kidder, who served 44 years on “the lights” before retiring in 2003.
One day the area dogs were down by the rocks barking and Whiskers pushed a log towards them, daring them to jump onto it and come closer. Pat recalls thinking: “ ‘Don't go out on there or he'll have you and you'll wind up dead.' Whiskers was a smart animal.”
None of the dogs fell for it then, but a couple of days later, the Kidders saw one of the dogs, Tuk, floating in the water — drowned. Whiskers was there, too, copulating with the carcass while parading past the other two wildly barking dogs.
“He'd go back and forth, holding Tuk's head up out of the water,” Pat relates. “He was humping it. It was so bizarre. We had never anticipated anything like that.”
Who would? After all, cute and cuddly — not rapist and murderer — are mentioned in the typical bio on sea otters.
The Vancouver Aquarium, for one, has effectively used the charismatic species as a powerful marketing tool over the years.
Remember the 2007 YouTube video of two otters “holding hands” in their tank? Almost 20 million viewers at last count.
The aquarium also goes to great lengths to save sea otters, including the rescue last October of Wally, blinded by shotgun pellets near Tofino. It took numerous surgeries, including for a fractured flipper and broken teeth, but Wally survived. Total cost: $30,000 in staff time, medicine, supplies and food.
“That's one thing we have with our visitors: ‘Oh, they look adorable, like stuffed animals,' ” explains Brian Sheehan, the aquarium's marine mammal curator. “But they definitely have the potential for being strong and aggressive.”
The incident with Whiskers happened almost 30 years ago, and is by no means an isolated incident of interspecies, or misdirected, sex involving male sea otters.
Brian Gisborne operates a commercial water-taxi service in summer for hikers on the West Coast Trail and also works for the Canadian government on contract, keeping an eye out for marine mammals on the west coast.
In 2005 they were off Long Beach when they came across Rocky, a sea otter. On this day, it was a cormorant seabird that caught Rocky's attention.
“He tried to copulate with it,” says Mr. Gisborne, noting the bird was drowned. “He held it and you could see what was going on.
“I knew what sea otters are like. It didn't surprise me. I don't think that it was isolated.”
Farther south, off California, researchers documented 19 cases of sexual behaviour between male sea otters and juvenile harbour seals in Monterey Bay from 2000 to 2002.
At least three different male otters were observed “harassing, dragging, guarding and copulating” with harbour seals up to seven days after death by drowning. The carcasses of 15 seals were recovered, showing evidence of severe trauma, including both vaginal and rectal.
Curiously, two sea otter biologists from Alaska contacted by The Vancouver Sun reported no such incidents.
Researchers elsewhere have documented “mobbing” events when groups of male monk seals in Hawaii attempt to mate with a single adult female or an immature seal of either sex. At Marion Island in the southern Indian Ocean an Antarctic fur seal was reported trying to mate with a king penguin. When it didn't work out, the seal ate the penguin.
The California study suggested an imbalance between males and females may cause some to divert their aggressions. In otter populations, where males establish a dominance hierarchy based on age, sex and fitness, subdominant males may have limited access to receptive females of the same species, which could cause them to look elsewhere.
Yes, even to dogs.
As Ed Kidder succinctly puts it: “Whiskers was the sea otter from hell.”
The only thing that's really changed about 3400 Montrose, a tipster tells Swamplot, is the name of its owner: Global Paragon, which bought the former podium for Scott Gertner's Skybar in 2011, went “belly up” this past November, the tipster says, and the vacant 10-story building's now owned and managed by a 40-person LLC that's looking for a buyer or a joint venture.
And that's where these interior photos, from a short-on-info listing posted recently on Cushman & Wakefield's website, come in:
***
The tipster says that the LLC has received offers. None of them, however, included plans to keep 3400 Montrose an office building, and one intended demolition.
And here's a look at what's on the other side of those doors:
The view below shows the L-shaped strip center at Montrose Blvd. and the CVS Walgreens across Hawthorne:
And the available parking:
Photos: Cushman & Wakefield
A first-of-its-kind survey of the kinds of trash that end up in San Francisco Bay points the finger at specific sources: retailers such as McDonald's and 7-Eleven that feed our disposable lifestyle, and their littering consumers.
Clean Water Action, a national group, identified fast food restaurants and convenience stores as the top contributors of the types of trash they could identify in the streets of San Jose, South San Francisco, Richmond and Oakland. Street trash often ends up in the bay.
The results shed light on where cities should concentrate their efforts as they race to comply with a strict regional directive to end all trash pollution to the bay by 2022, said Miriam Gordon, California director for Clean Water Action.
“If we're going to solve the problem of trash entering our waterways, we need to know where it's being created. Part of the problem is we have so much trash to deal with in the first place,” Gordon said.
Volunteers with Clean Water Action's “Taking Out the Trash” program picked through hundreds of pieces of litter at six different street sites three times to determine where the trash was coming from. Nineteen percent of trash was branded, and the leading sources of that trash were McDonald's, Burger King, 7-Eleven, Starbucks, Wendy's, Taco Bell and Walgreens.
The rest of the trash either carried no brand — napkins, for instance — or consisted of ubiquitous products like snack wrappers that were impossible to trace. The number of cigarette butts overwhelmed everything else — so much so that the group stopped counting them.
Napkins, snack food wrappers, receipts, cellophane, straws and bottle caps were among the top items of roughly 55 types of trash in the streets. Sixty-eight percent of it was used for food or beverage packaging.
“I never realized how many napkins people just toss into the street,” Gordon said.
In the Bay Area, trash tossed into the street usually ends up in the bay after being blown into urban creeks or pushed into storm drains by heavy winter rains. Hundreds of tons of trash end up in the bay each year.
Worldwide, more than 80 percent of marine debris comes from land-based sources such as urban stormwater, according to the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy.
The San Francisco Bay Regional Water Quality Control Board had those numbers in mind when it adopted a controversial stormwater permit program in 2009 that required cities to reduce their trash load to the bay 40 percent by 2014, 70 percent by 2017 and 100 percent by 2022.
The water board left it up to cities to decide how to tackle the problem, and that's where the rules have run into trouble. Cities have begun installing storm drain trash-capture devices, but the price tag stretches into the millions, and there are no long-term state or federal funds set aside to assist them.
Most of the cities in San Mateo and Alameda counties have appealed the water board's trash reduction permit to a statewide commission that rules on unfunded state mandates, arguing that the new rules go beyond the obligations of the federal Clean Water Act.
“It's not that we disagree with the requirements, it's just to help us with the fact that we don't have the funding for it,” said Matt Fabry, program coordinator for the San Mateo Countywide Water Pollution Prevention Program.
San Jose officials estimate they've spent more than $2 million installing trash-capture devices since 2008, enough to account for trash produced by 895 acres of commercial and retail stores within city limits.
The city is developing a plan to reduce its trash load to urban creeks 40 percent by 2014, according to Elaine Marshall, head of San Jose's Stormwater Management Program.
“When you get to the higher reduction goals, your low-hanging fruit is gone, so it gets more and more costly,” they said.
Gordon, of Clean Water Action, said it would be far less costly to target the fast food restaurants, convenience stores and grocery stores that are giving paper, napkins, plastic utensils and Styrofoam cups away by the fistful.
The good news is that, according to the survey, reusable containers could replace 66 percent of drink packaging and 39 percent of food packaging.
“From a taxpayer perspective, we'd like to have less trash now to control and clean up,” they said.
National recycling levels have increased in recent years, but Americans are generating more trash than ever. Back in 1960, the average American generated about 3.7 pounds of trash per day, and that number has grown to 4.3 pounds per person, per day in spite on efforts to compost and recycle, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Several Bay Area cities have banned plastic bags and Styrofoam carryout containers, but Clean Water Action will use the survey results to make the case that businesses can do much more than that.
Small changes can lead to big results, such as using napkin dispensers that make it harder to pull a dozen napkins out each time. Even asking customers whether they need a fork, a straw or a receipt would help a lot, said Gordon.
McDonald's uses as much food packaging for meals consumed in-store as when it's to go, which Gordon said is “completely unnecessary.” They want to find fresh ways to encourage customers to bring their own reusable cups, utensils and containers when eating out.
Pushing reusable containers can be in a company's best interests, too. In 1998, Starbucks' Environmental Affairs Department determined that if a typical Starbucks store used 10 reusable cups per hour, that store would save $6,400 and 1,260 pounds of paper cups per year.
Mug use never really caught on at Starbucks, and the plastic-lined to-go cups are hard to recycle. Recently, the company announced that they aim to serve 25 percent of coffee drinks in reusable cups by 2015.
Three US soldiers were killed and one wounded in Afghanistan Saturday, reportedly when a member of the Afghan army opened fire on them. The Afghan soldier was killed "in return fire," Attahullah Khogyani, a spokesperson for the provincial governor in Nangarhar province, said.
The Taliban has claimed responsibility, saying a Taliban loyalist infiltrated Afghan forces "just to attack foreign forces."
Achin, where the attack took place, is close to the Pakistan border and is an Islamic State stronghold. According to the Military Times:
Members of the Army's 75th Ranger Regiment and 7th Special Forces Group have been operating in Achin, which has become the scene of worsening violence as U.S. special forces and elite Afghan commandos intensify their efforts to take out ISIS loyalists there, a group known as ISIS Khorasan or ISIS-K. Three other American soldiers have died there so far this year, including two Army Rangers reportedly gunned down in an friendly fire mishap.
In April, the "Mother of All Bombs" was dropped in the area.
The US soldiers killed or wounded are Army Rangers. The wounded soldier has been evacuated for medical care.
***Free shipping to U.S. Add $10 for international shipping on $40, $50 and $65 rewards, Add $20 for international shipping on everything higher***
EDIT (3/5/12): Just to be clear, these four weapons are not better than any of the main game's weapons. They are mostly aesthetic (I say mostly because a revolver can't have more than 6 bullets and an AK is inaccurate by design, for instance) and will be in complete balance with the rest of the game. If you have any of these 4 weapons, you will have no advantage over another player, just some more options for what guns to choose from =).
UPDATE #2: We have FOUR brand-new weapons that only Kickstarter backers will be able to obtain. These weapons will bring forth devastation upon your enemies and really expand upon the plethora of weapons available to you already.
(See a picture of them in the "Updates" section)
$25+ Rewards get the REVOLVER: Dirty Harry approved, this bad boy, as a secondary weapon, will tear through blocks and players alike.
$65+ Rewards get theAK-1337: Classic in design, deadly in implementation. This assault rifle may be less accurate, but it is also much more powerful.
$90+ Rewards get the RCP-9000: The favored SMG of a certain spy in a 64 bit adventure, this gun rivals that of any assault rifle. High accuracy, large clip size, and a blazing fast firing rate are all key ingredients to the destruction of your enemies.
$150+ Rewards get the BEAM SABER: This is the only futuristic weapon that will ever see the light of day in Guncraft. Burn holes in your opponents and dice them into tiny blocks with this new melee weapon.
Update #3: The Guncraft model for the $150+ category finished, and it's awesome!! Check it out in the rewards section below or in the updates section!
Update #4: Gameplay trailer is ready! See the updates section for more info or just watch the trailer below!
Update #6: Gameplay trailer with MMGN.com is up and ready. Had a 90-minute playtest session with them and it was a blast. Check out the highlights.
Guncraft is a PC/XBLIG first-person shooter utilizing voxel (cube-based) based levels and graphics as well as construction elements. We strive for this game to be a mainstream first-person shooter experience utilizing all the best features of a voxel engine.
Other games have touted having fully destructible environments, but you could never create craters in the ground, blow giant holes in the side of buildings, or kill someone by destroying the ground underneath them and dropping them to their untimely doom. We have that. Voxel engines allow us complete and total environmental destruction. But wait, that's not all! We also have complete and total environmental CONSTRUCTION.
Not only can you build anything and everything using a variety of blocks, but you can also construct, what we call, Prefabs. These are full structures, custom-made by you, that can be placed in game if you have the resources for them. We also have rewards packages that allow you to build turrets, SAM sites, tanks, helicopters, drones, and much, much more.
When you've custom created your own level, share and destroy it with others through competitive online play! Don't be afraid of destroying your creations, because all destruction and on-the-fly construction is reset after every round. There will be many modes, varying from traditional deathmatch, king of the hill, and capture the flag, as well as a few unique game modes, not seen in any other FPS games, that we have yet to announce. There will also be leaderboards, and if we raise enough, full clan support, out of game chat rooms, and other features that will extend your experience beyond just playing the game.
We already have many features fully implemented and are well on our way to creating many more. We expect a beta to begin in March, with our full release by June at the latest (on PC). The XBLIG version of the game is still up in the air as far as a release date.
Well besides donating to our cause and getting cool prizes, there are also a plethora of unique in-game contributions you can help make for the game. Do you want YOUR FACE immortalized in one of the maps? We have a reward for that.Do you want an actual model done of yourself, that can be used in game? We have a reward for that too. You can even get your super awesome map put in the game or implement a gameplay feature of your own! We are offering a TON of ways to contribute to the game, besides monetarily.
Keep in mind though. Kickstarter is ALL OR NOTHING. If we don't make our goal, we get nothing and you guys don't get your awesome rewards. So be sure to spread the news!
We are currently around 60-70% done. The remaining time will go into finishing the remaining gameplay features we have (which will vary depending on how much this Kickstarter raises) and putting the finishing polish on the user interface graphics. These Kickstarter funds will go into the final development of the game and will allow us to afford our expenses to take it to that stage.
Go HERE to see the rewards at a bigger size.
$1 Reward
We need all the help we can get to make our game a reality. Your name will be put in the credits, no matter what, if you help us try to achieve that.
$5 Reward
Get four decorative wallpapers to spruce up your computer's background with, as well as your name in the credits.
$15 Reward
Get a digital copy of Guncraft on PC when it is released and access to the beta (plus wallpapers and game credit).
$25 Reward
An awesome, printable Cubecraft Guncraft soldier you can put together and display as well as Bronze Founder status (plus digital copy of game, wallpapers, and game credit).
$40 Reward
One of two high quality, custom (27"x19" & 27"x17")posters parodying popular first-person shooters. Only one print run will be made for Kickstarter. Once they are gone, they will likely not come back anytime soon (plus Cubecraft soldier, Bronze Founder, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$50 Reward
One of two high quality, custom t-shirts parodying popular first-person shooters. Only one print run will be made for Kickstarter. Once they are gone, they will likely not come back anytime soon (plus Cubecraft soldier, Bronze Founder, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$65 Reward
Both the custom t-shirt AND poster. Also become a Silver Founder (plus Cubecraft soldier, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$90 Reward
1-Star General Package:
A HARD COPY of the game in a green case, including cover art, manual, and disc. If we make 100 $90+ sales, all physical copies will be upgraded to a Metal Box™ Collector's Edition free of charge! For each $10k donation, that number will be reduced by 50. One print run of this will be made for either edition. Once gone, it will NEVER come back (plus t-shirt, poster, Silver Founder, Cubecraft soldier, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$120 Reward - Limit 7
1-Star General Package (Limited Edition):
Everything from the above package, plus get a model of yourself (or whatever you want), in game. We ultimately have the right to veto any design if it is too offensive, a copyrighted design, or something along those lines.
*Due to the popular demand of this tier, we upped the limit by 2.
$150 Reward
2-Star General Package:
A collectible display statue of a Guncraft soldier. True AAA status offering that will NEVER be seen after this Kickstarter. Also become a Gold Founder (plus hard copy of game, t-shirt, poster, Cubecraft soldier, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$175 Reward - Limit 2
2-Star General Package (Super Early-Bird, Face-Off Edition):
Same as above reward, but get your face modeled into our Capture the Flag level, Face-Off. Plus you'll get the in-game model from the 1-Star Limited Edition.
$200 Reward
3-Star General Package:
Get BOTH version of the T-shirt and Poster (plus statue, hard copy of game, Gold Founder, t-shirt, poster, Cubecraft soldier, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$250 Reward
4-Star General Package (EVERYTHING Edition):
Only non-limited way to get the custom character model. Also, everything you get will be signed by the development team, you get every piece of DLC for Guncraft, and you become an EPIC Founder (plus statue, hard copy of game, t-shirt, poster, Cubecraft soldier, digital copy of game, wallpaper, & game credit).
$750 Reward - Limit 3
Map Designer Package:
Same as $250 package, plus put your custom map in our game, as a featured map (we can import Minecraft levels).
$2,000 Reward (Designer) - Limit 1
Game Designer Package:
Same as $250 package, but you get to design a minor game feature. Ideas can include a new weapon, consumable, multi-kill reward, emplacement, structure, or player bonus. We ultimately have the right to veto any idea.
$2,000 Reward (Actor) - Limit 1
Actor Package:
Same as $250 package, but If you are in the Seattle, WA area and want to be in our next trailer, purchase this package. We will make you a life-size, custom head of you (like the ones seen in our video) and you'll have a chance to have a speaking role in one of our upcoming trailers. This offer won't be available during the entirety of the Kickstarter since we will probably film the trailer while it is still going on (taking it down at roughly 15 days remaining), so jump on it quickly!
$10,000 Reward - Limit 2
Presidential VIP Super Duper Producer Package!
EVERYTHING we are offering (except the Face-Off and Actor bonus), plus an associate producer credit, EVERY GAME WE EVER MAKE, your statue will be double the size, and you get dinner with the dev team in Seattle, if you can make it.
$20,000 Reward (Unlisted)* - Limit 1
Same as $10k reward but you get a full producer credit. This will automatically unlock the Collector's Edition upgrade for everyone.
(this will be noted as sold out here once it is bought)
$40,000 Reward (Unlisted)* - Limit 1
Same as $20k reward, but on top of getting a producer credit, you also get your company's splash screen during the game's startup (It will say, In Partnership With: YOUR LOGO).
(this will be noted as sold out here once it is bought)
*Contact me at jkgetty @ exatogames.com for information on how to buy these rewards.
Thank You!
We are extremely excited about this project and we hope you are too. Please, if you ever meet us, tells us if you've donated and we will thank you profusely and buy you a drink (or a soda if you are too young).
Don't forget to share with your friends. We know you've got at least one friend who likes FPS games and/or Minecraft =).
Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/ExatoGames
Like us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ExatoGames
One of the state's top prescribers of medical marijuana has been suspended, 5 Investigates has learned.Watch reportThe Board of Registration in Medicine took the action at its meeting on Thursday.Dr. Tyrone Cushing, who works with Canna Med, has been temporarily suspended pending further investigation.Documents obtained by 5 Investigates show that Cushing is accused of issuing a medical marijuana certificate to a patient who was seven months' pregnant.The state said they never discussed with the patient the associated risks of marijuana use while pregnant or nursing or that they had previously been treated for an opioid addiction.The state also says Crushing prescribed themselves clonazepam, an anti-anxiety drug.State officials said Cushing worked only two days a week, but was the third biggest provider of medical marijuana certificates in Massachusetts.He could not be reached for comment.Get the WCVB News App
One of the state's top prescribers of medical marijuana has been suspended, 5 Investigates has learned.
Watch report
Advertisement
The Board of Registration in Medicine took the action at its meeting on Thursday.
Dr. Tyrone Cushing, who works with Canna Med, has been temporarily suspended pending further investigation.
Documents obtained by 5 Investigates show that Cushing is accused of issuing a medical marijuana certificate to a patient who was seven months' pregnant.
The state said they never discussed with the patient the associated risks of marijuana use while pregnant or nursing or that they had previously been treated for an opioid addiction.
The state also says Crushing prescribed themselves clonazepam, an anti-anxiety drug.
State officials said Cushing worked only two days a week, but was the third biggest provider of medical marijuana certificates in Massachusetts.
They could not be reached for comment.
AlertMe
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page. Terms of use
For more than a year, information on AMD's next-generation CPU architecture, codenamed Zen, has tantalized the company's fans — and those who simply want a more effective competitor against Intel. Now, the first concrete details have begun to appear. And if they're accurate, the next-generation chip could pack a wallop.
Bear in mind, this is a single leaked slide of the highest-end part. Not only could details change dramatically between now and launch, but the slide itself might not be accurate. Let's take a look:
According to Fudzilla, the new CPU will offer up to 16 Zen cores, with each core supporting up to two threads for a total of 32 threads. We've heard rumors that this new core uses Simultaneous Multithreading, as opposed to the Clustered Multi-Threading that AMD debuted in the Bulldozer family and has used the last four years.
Each CPU core is backed by 512K of L2 cache, with 32MB of L3 cache across the entire core. Interestingly, the L3 cache is shown as 8MB contiguous blocks rather than a unified design. This suggests that Zen inherits its L3 structure from Bulldozer, which used a similar approach — though hopefully the cache has been overhauled for improved performance. The integrated GPU also supposedly offers double-precision floating point at 1/2 single-precision speed.
Supposedly the core supports up to 16GB of attached HBM (High Bandwidth Memory) at 512GB/s, plus a quad DDR4 controller with built-in DDR4-3200 capability, PCIe 3.0, and SATA Express support.
Too good to be true?
The CPU layout shown above makes a lot of sense. We're clearly looking at a modular part, and AMD has defined one Zen “module” as consisting of four CPU cores, eight threads, 2MB of L2, and an undoubtedly-optional L3 cache. But it's the HBM interface, quad-channel DDR4, and 64 lanes of PCIe 3.0 that raise my eyebrows.
Here's why: Right now, the highest-end servers you can buy from Intel pack just 32 PCI-Express lanes. Quad-channel DDR4 is certainly available, but again, Intel's high-end servers support 4x DDR4-2133. Server memory standards typically lag behind desktops by a fair margin. It's not clear when ECC DDR4-3200 will be ready for prime time. That's before we get to the HBM figures.
Make no mistake, HBM is coming, and integrating it on the desktop and in servers would make a huge difference — but 16GB of HBM memory is a lot. Furthermore, building a 512GB/s memory interface into a server processor at the chip level is another eyebrow-arching achievement. For all the potential of HBM — and make no mistake, it's got a lot of potential –that's an extremely ambitious target for a CPU that's supposed to debut in 12 to 18 months, even in the server space.
Nothing in this slide is impossible, and if AMD actually pulled it off while hitting its needed IPC and power consumption targets, it would have an absolutely mammoth core. But the figures on this slide are so ambitious, it looks as though someone took a chart of all the most optimistic predictions that've been made about the computing market in 2016, slapped them together on one deck, and called it good.
I'll be genuinely surprised if AMD debuts a 16-core chip with a massive integrated graphics processor, and 16GB of HBM memory, and 64 lanes of PCI-Express, and a revamped CPU core, and a new quad-channel DDR4 memory controller, and a TDP that doesn't crack 200W for a socketed processor.
But hey — you never know.
Doing scientific research on natural compounds isolated from herbs and other plants is a very exciting, and can have a direct influence on human health, since such compounds have the potential to be developed in very successful modern pharmaceutical drug. Morphine, quinine, and many other indispensable medications are molecules derived from Nature.
Recognizing the potential of the natural molecules, the Austrian science fund (FWF) has recently financed a collaborative Austrian scientific network project called Drugs from Nature Targeting Inflammation (DNTI). The DNTI project gathered together scientists having expertise in almost all aspects relevant for natural molecules drug discovery, including phytochemistry, in vitro and in vivo pharmacology, biotechnology, ethnopharmacology, organic synthesis, and computer modeling. The combined multi-disciplinary expertise enabled DNTI participants to write together a joint very comprehensive review, summarizing the gathered experience, and broadly covering the natural molecules-based drug discovery research topic in a unique way. This work, entitled “Discovery and resupply of pharmacologically active plant-derived natural products: A review.” was very recently accepted for publication in Biotechnology Advances, a very influential top-class scientific journal. The analysis that we have performed in this work yields many deep insides in this research sphere, and interestingly indicated recent sharply increasing interest in the area of natural compounds drug discovery research, in spite of the late lack-of-interest displayed by the pharma industry. Whereby this review provided an early indication for the reviving interest in natural compounds drug discovery research, a very strong signal pointing in the same direction was very soon afterwards provided also by the 2015 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, which went to William Campbell and Satoshi Omura, and Youyou Tu for their works related to the successful development of the pharmaceutical drugs Avermectin and Artemisinin, both of which represent molecules derived from the Nature.
Publication
Discovery and resupply of pharmacologically active plant-derived natural products: A review.
Atanasov AG, Waltenberger B, Pferschy-Wenzig EM, Linder T, Wawrosch C, Uhrin P, Temml V, Wang L, Schwaiger S, Heiss EH, Rollinger JM, Schuster D, Breuss JM, Bochkov V, Mihovilovic MD, Kopp B, Bauer R, Dirsch VM, Stuppner H
Biotechnol Adv. 2015 Aug 15
