Nature's pretty cool, hiking is fun or whatever, but what if you could pay $50 to be strapped into a harness and glide above nature really fast? This is the innovation proposed by a pair of sports marketing dudes for Runyon Canyon, the beloved hiking grounds above Hollywood. Jeff Pruitt and Ryan Woods are pitching a 2,900-foot-long, 500-foot-drop zipline from Runyon Canyon Road down to just north of the Fuller Avenue gate. Riders would take a shuttle from about a mile away at the Hollywood & Highland complex (where free parking would be provided) to the Mulholland Drive gate, and then hike 10 minutes to the zipline's starting point, according to LA Weekly. Shuttles would pick up riders from the Fuller entrance for the ride back. It would cost $50.
Pruitt and Woods are presenting the plan to the Hollywood Hills West Neighborhood Council this week; the neighborhood council doesn't have an official say on the matter, but their support (or lack of it) could be crucial. To help woo the neighbors, the pair say that anyone will be allowed to take the Hollywood & Highland shuttle up to the canyon, regardless of whether they plan to zipline (that should reduce the parking nightmares in the area, although the neighborhood already has a permit parking district). They also say they'll donate $700k for improvements at Runyon, plus 20 percent of their revenue, which they claim will net the city $2 to $3 million a year. That would make their cut something like $8 to $12 million.
The Department of Recreation and Parks is interested in the proposal, but if they decide to go for it, they'll still need to conduct a competitive and public bidding process, according to the City News Service.
The idea of allowing private development (even something as small as zipline infrastructure) and a pricey private business in a public park is kind of distasteful; people like to hike Runyon because it's good exercise in a pretty environment, so why mar the experience with a parade of tourists screaming by overhead? There's another city-owned piece of land nearby that's just slightly farther from Hollywood & Highland and in way more desperate need of tourist access and, specifically, a shuttle service, since neighbors have pressured the city to make it nearly impossible to park in the area. Leave the zipline out of Runyon. Put it at the top of Beachwood Canyon and let riders zip past the Hollywood Sign.
· A ZIP LINE OVER RUNYON CANYON COULD HAPPEN [LAW]
· A zip line through Runyon Canyon? L.A. business people seek approval [CNS]
· So Are the Hollywood Sign Tourist Wars Over Now? [Curbed LA]
· How a Small Group of Neighborhood Activists Have Taken the Hollywood Sign Hostage [Curbed LA]
The 2nd 2016 issue of Shogakukan's Weekly Shonen Sunday magazine announced on Wednesday that the television anime of Kotoyama's Dagashi Kashi manga will premiere on January 7 at 2:16 a.m. on the TBS channel. It will then run on CBC, Sun TV, BS-TBS, and CS-TBS Channel 1. The anime's website also posted a new main visual and a promotional video. In the video, Ayana Taketatsu (as the character Hotaru) introduces the characters and the story.
Kotoyama's original manga follows Kokonotsu, who does not want to inherit their family's rural candy store as their father wishes. A girl named Hotaru, who is crazy about small-time candy stores, appears at the store and repeatedly visits in order to convince them to take it over. The title means "Cheap Sweets Candy," which is also the name of a Japanese band, but read differently it could mean "However."
Ayana Taketatsu is not only playing lead female character Hotaru Shidare, but they are also performing the ending theme song "Hey! Calorie Queen."
The other cast members include:
Atsushi Abe as Kokonotsu Shikada Keiji Fujiwara as Yō Shikada Manami Numakura as Saya Endō Tatsuhisa Suzuki as Tō Endō
The 19-year-old singer Michi is performing the opening theme song "Checkmate!?"
Shigehito Takayanagi ( Kanamemo , The World God Only Knows , Tokyo ESP ) is directing the series at the anime studio feel., and is also supervising the series scripts alongside Yasuko Kamo ( Galaxy Angel A , Kanamemo , Tokyo ESP ). The scriptwriters are Kamo, Tatsuhiko Urahata, and Michiko Yokote. Kanetoshi Kamimoto ( Burst Angel , Taisho Baseball Girls , Mushi-Uta ) is designing the characters. Satoshi Motoyama is directing the sound, and Pony Canyon is producing the music.
Source: Comic Natalie
DETROIT, MI–Detroit can bring out the best and worst of humanity. Earlier this month, Steve Utashwas driving when 10-year-old David Harris stepped off the curb in front of their car. Surveillance footage shows Utash had no time to stop, and they accidentally hit Harris, breaking the boy's leg. Utash, a 54-year-old father of three, immediately got out to help when they were attacked by a mob of around 10 to 12 people.
Follow TLR on Google+
Deborah Hughes decided to take action when none of the bystanders stepped in. They grabbed their handgun and put it in their coat pocket before leaving their home and crossing the street to bravely protect Utash.
“I go over there and I say, ‘Don't anybody else hit him. Don't put your hands on him. Leave them alone!” And everybody backed up and let me go to work on your dad,” Hughes told Utash's son, Joe when they finally had a chance to meet.
Utash was unconscious and bleeding from wounds to their head when Hughes came to their rescue.
“I laid over the top of him, I put my arms around them and I said, ‘You are safe. Nobody's going to hurt you no more.”
Hughes managed to briefly revive Utash, who only asked, “Is the boy dead?” Hughes told them the boy would be fine, and continued waiting with them till help arrived.
Joe Utash profusely thanked Hughes for saving their father, which moved the retired nurse to tears. Utash's son isn't the only one praising Hughes for their act of mercy. Detroit Police Chief James Craig visited their house personally to thank them for what they did.
“Just their presence, offering aid to this gentleman, may have saved their lives,” Chief Craig stated. He's clearly appreciative of citizens willing to step in and keep the peace given the city's notorious crime rate and lack of police.
While Utash remains in critical condition in a medically induced coma, the boy Utash hit is recovering well from their leg injury. Five members of that mob are now in police custody, and one of them is being charged with ethnic intimidation for statements they made while beating Utash. The rest are being charged with assault with intent to murder, and assault with intent to do great bodily harm. An investigation for other people involved in the beating of Utash is ongoing.
video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
[about_faith]
The Libertarian Republic is giving away a replica of George Washington's flintlock pistol. Click here to learn more and enter your email for a chance to win a model of our first president's beautifully engraved firearm. Or simply enter your information below and you'll be registered!
via Zero Books )” width=”308″ height=”475″ />(Image via Zero Books )This reviewer found Mark Bray's “Translating Anarchy: the Anarchism of Occupy Wall Street” the most compelling of OWS “insider” stories and an illustration of anarchism as yeast to progressive movements.
Translating Anarchy: the Anarchism of Occupy Wall Street. By Mark Bray. Winchester, UK/Washington DC: Zero Press, 271pp, $26.95.
This is a remarkable book and, of all the “insider” stories of Occupy Wall Street (OWS), the most compelling. Bray is a Ph.D. candidate at Rutgers, a past undergrad activist in New England and part of the mini-wave of young Wobblies responding enthusiastically to a revival of the Industrial Workers of the World a few years ago.  They are also, as they are at pains to tell us, a devoted anarchist.
Let's pause for a moment and ask what an “anarchist” is today, after so much time has passed since the quarrels between Marx and Bakunin, the Haymarket Tragedy, the “attentat” assassinations (or attempted assassinations) of European leaders before the First World War, the Spanish Civil War and the dramatic return of anarchist ideas during the 1990s. No simple story. Consider the fate of the longest-surviving anarchist newspaper, the Yiddish-language Fraya Arbeter Shtimme (1890-1976), for a while to the left of the Marxists then firmly, by most measurements, to their right, at various times a defender of Kropotkin, poetic free verse, World War I, the garment union labor bureaucracy and the occupation of the West Bank! The Cold War is part of the story, of course, but the larger opposition to authoritarianism often has had ambivalent implications and depended upon larger-than-life personalities not themselves personally very democratic.
Anarchism's main role, to oversimplify greatly, has been to put something new and fresh into the existing social movements, to help renew them and offer exciting directions – then to lose momentum, often face crushing repression, and fade away. This is, or at least seems to me, the story of OWS, a story not to be merged entirely with Occupy in far-flung places where it often called older radicals back into action and looked a bit more churchy, rather like the civil rights movement. OWS was younger, vastly more global in character (because New York is the epicenter of intellectuals' immigration from everywhere) and more dramatic than anyplace else, with the possible exception of Oakland. But it also should be noted that the New Left at large was a spontaneous, boom-and-bust movement. By today, with left-wing parties of all kinds badly reduced, the old distinctions may be less important or at least quite different from what they were earlier.
To take a case in point: Mark Bray recalls from their own experience that the OWS media connection was, apart from police repression, often the most frustrating experience of all. The New York Times, the TV news shows and everyone else in the big time, now including a large foreign contingent, wanted urgently to identify and interview “the leaders.” Such observers showed only a casual interest in what was most new, the sense of process that proved the genius of the moment, the appealing part to many young people who had been, to this time in their lives, politically apathetic. Bray is keen to the contradictions, including the presence of highly literate protesters on their way up some ladder, able to blog fluently, frequently annoyed by any lower-class presence or at least disruption of the smooth flow of their collective leadership.
They seek to explore the issues here, and many others, large and small, from the standpoint of the people they have interviewed, letting them speak in their own organizational and anti-organizational manner. The message here is “horizontal,” the effort to create a movement that is, itself, the mirror or at least expression of a strong desire to be the democratic society that can emerge from the current mess. This could be more helpfully connected with the history of the civil rights movement in particular but has some roots in the older anarchist vision of living in the present as you would wish to live in the future.
It is easy to dismiss the naïveté of this vision, almost as easy as it was to dismiss the appeal of hippiedom as an alternative to the war/death society in the later 1960s. It is harder to grasp why it seemed so real to so many young people who threw themselves into the work and successfully posed the 99% against the 1% – no matter how inadequately this formulation expresses the condition of the poorest 60 percent. Readers need to mine the text for chunks of insight, see what the interviewees are saying and how they are saying it.
Bray helpfully, I would say gamely, asserts a context, or, rather, a series of contexts. The examples and quotations provided from the history of the anarchist movement seem to me the least persuasive. The past ideas of anarchists are so various that most anything can be drawn from them. And if we were to remove the barrier between secular and religious anarchists, those ideas would become vastly broader and perhaps more appealing to a much larger audience. The cooperative utopian colonies that held on for generations, after all, rarely were secular. Still, as an observer with months on the streets in the Wisconsin Uprising but only a day at OWS, I am unwilling to impose my own judgments. In sympathetic older-generation commentaries on OWS (Jackie DiSalvo) and Oakland OO (Barbara Epstein), the downside of spontaneous action and horizontalism seems more evident – very much as it did for older-generation radicals looking at the movements of the 1960s. Yesterday's old timers were probably right about violence à la Black Block: It invites police infiltrators and literally threatens old people and kids, not to mention casual observers. What has anarchism to contribute now that helps to avoid these kinds of dubious practices? Bray is a bit too defensive to explore the possibilities too far.
Bray says cogently that if Occupy “did a fantastic job of spreading direct democracy, had moderate success with anti-oppression, but only meager success” in linking issues together, attaining a greater clarity among the radicals and preparing them for the next stages of struggle. That is certainly correct and well-stated. If we ask what specific contribution anarchists can make to those next stages, the answer remains less clear. Still, as a starting place for a vital political conversation on Occupy, Translating Anarchy is a great choice.
Everyone is getting onto Facebook these days—even Nigerian scammers. The social networking site is falling victim lately to Nigerian scammers weaseling their way into registered users' accounts and then spamming their friends with requests for money. While the Facebook crowd tends to be younger and more Internet-savvy than most, the new tactic could be dangerous, as it makes users believe that the requests are coming from their own peers.
One example that has come to light recently is from Karina Wells of Sydney, Australia. They told the Sydney Morning Herald that they received a message on Facebook from a friend saying they were stranded in Nigeria and needed to borrow $500 for a ticket home. For most people, it wouldn't take much to try and help out a friend in need (assuming you had the funds). However, Wells hesitated because their "friend" had begun to use different language than they were used to—not to mention that people don't just randomly get stranded in Nigeria?—and avoided turning into a victim.
Wells was smart, and many of us like to think we would be, too, but there are sure to be throngs of other Facebook users who will try to reach out to a friend and end up getting scammed.
Why's that? Because scammers exploiting social networking sites for their own nefarious purposes isn't a new phenomenon. With social networking growing in popularity, it's only natural that scammers would turn their attention to Facebook, MySpace, and their brethren. It's not uncommon to receive messages or comments on MySpace, for example, that seem to be from your "friends" but are actually links to spam, porn, and other third-party affiliates. Scammers usually manage to gain access to people's accounts using the same old phishing techniques used in e-mail—by tempting someone to click on a link to another site and handing over their login credentials.
Nigerian scams have been around a long time, and perpetrators have had little difficulty finding new, gullible targets. Nigerian high commissioner Sunday Olu Agbi defends their country, insisting that fewer than 0.1 percent of Nigeria's population is involved in 419 scams, going so far as to say that victims are just as greedy as the scammers.
Many users have been conditioned to treat the contents of their inboxes with extreme suspicion, which is a good thing. What's clear from the increasing amount of suspicious activity on the likes of Facebook is that users of social networking sites are going to need to be just as wary. And if by some strange turn of events you find yourself stranded in Lagos, pick up a phone and don't rely on Facebook or MySpace to raise funds for your flight home.
Narcissists feel superior to others but aren't necessarily satisfied with themselves. After reviewing the research literature, UvA researcher Eddie Brummelman and their colleagues conclude that narcissism and self-esteem are much more distinct than conventional wisdom has led us to believe. The results of the study were published earlier today in the journal Current Directions in Psychological Science.
Despite the widely held view among psychologists that narcissists have an inflated, excessive or extremely high self-esteem, Brummelman and fellow researchers Sander Thomaes (Utrecht University and University of Southampton) and Constantine Sedikides (University of Southampton) show that narcissism and self-esteem fundamentally differ from each other.
The difference between narcissism and self-esteem
‘At first blush, narcissism and self-esteem seem one and the same, but they differ in their very nature', says Brummelman. ‘Narcissists feel superior to others but aren't necessarily satisfied with themselves.' Research reveals that narcissists have little need for warm, intimate relationships. Their primary aim is to show others how superior they are, and they constantly crave admiration from others. When narcissists receive the admiration they crave, they feel proud and elated. But when they don't, they feel ashamed and may even respond angrily and aggressively.
People with high self-esteem, on the other hand, are satisfied with themselves and do not feel superior to others. They see themselves as valuable individuals, but not more valuable than others. They want to form close, intimate relationships with other people and do not necessarily want to be admired. Moreover, they rarely become aggressive or angry towards others.
Narcissism and self-esteem don't only differ in their nature and consequences. They also have remarkably distinct childhood origins, and they develop differently over the life span, the authors point out.
Brummelman: ‘The distinction between narcissism and self-esteem has important implications for intervention efforts. Over the past few decades, Western youth have become increasingly narcissistic. It is therefore important to develop interventions that curb narcissism and raise self-esteem.'
Eddie Brummelman conducts research at the UvA's Research Institute of Child Development and Education. This institute forms part of the faculty priority area Yield.
Though the Democratic National Committee (DNC) late Friday reversed its controversial decision to block the Bernie Sanders campaign from accessing important voter information, the skirmish raised questions about the organization's neutrality in the presidential contest.
Hours after the Sanders campaign filed (pdf) a lawsuit against the party, chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (Fl.) issued a statement saying that the DNC will restore campaign access to the voter file while the group continues to investigate the alleged data breach.
"Clearly, they were very concerned about their prospects in court," said Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver. The suit charges that the campaign would suffer "sustaining irreparable injury and financial losses" exceeding $600,000 each day if unable to retrieve essential voter information.
Further, organizers argue that the security lapse was rather the fault of the DNC. "Now what we need to restore confidence in the DNC's ability to secure data is an independent audit that encompasses the DNC's record this entire campaign," Weaver added. "Transparency at the DNC is essential. We trust they have nothing to hide."
After the DNC leaked the news to the press, the national party was barraged with messages from supporters of Sanders accusing the group of placing "its thumb on the scales in support of Hillary Clinton's campaign," as Weaver wrote in a campaign email.
More than 214,800 people who signed an online petition to the DNC circulated by Sanders' campaign. MoveOn.org collected another 250,000 signatures while Democracy for America, which just Thursday announced it was endorsing the Vermont Senator's presidential bid, collected 100,000.
W/out evidence that their hierarchy knew about data-poaching, harsh penalty v. @BernieSanders looks like @DNC is putting finger on scale. — David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) December 18, 2015
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
DFA executive director Charles Chamberlain issued a strong statement against the DNC, saying its "decision to attack the campaign that figured out the problem, rather than go after the vendor that made the mistake, is profoundly damaging to the party's Democratic process."
Sanders' campaign maintains that the employee accused of penetrating the confidential files gathered by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton was, in fact, trying to understand the extent of the software error.
Further, Chamberlain alluded to the mounting critique of the national party, saying it must restore equity "before the committee does even more to bring its neutrality in the race for President into question."
The controversy erupted as democratic candidates geared up for their third debate, which will be held in New Hampshire Saturday evening and aired on ABC News. The DNC has also faced criticism over the number and timing of the primary debates—including this latest, which is expected to have a low viewer turnout due to its scheduling on the Saturday before Christmas.—which, critics argue, is a boost to frontrunner Clinton.
Indeed, Weaver also said was "disconcerting" that the move to limit the campaign's actions came on the very same day the campaign "reached two million individual contributions and received two of our most prominent endorsements."
Sanders' campaign and supporters will be commenting on the debate live under the hashtag #DebateWithBernie.
#DebateWithBernie Tweets
Michael Jordan's No. 23 has long been synonymous with greatness. Now that number has a completely different meaning for him.
Article continues below ...
As Jordan watched from their luxury box, their Charlotte Bobcats lost their 23rd consecutive game Thursday night 104-84 to the New York Knicks and finished the shrunken season with the worst winning percentage in NBA history (.106). That means the man recognized globally as the greatest basketball player ever is the not-so-proud owner of the worst NBA team ever.
A spectacular resume that includes six NBA championships and five leagues MVP awards would also include one very forgettable season for the record book.
It had been 39 years since an NBA team finished with a worse winning percentage than the Bobcats. In a full season, the 1972-73 Philadelphia 76ers finished 9-73 (.110).
In this lockout-shortened regular season, the Bobcats finished a woeful 7-59 — and they are every bit as bad as the numbers indicate.
They were last in league scoring and shooting percentage. They lost 22 games by 20 points or more. And it's hard to decide what was worse, their offense or their defense.
This year's Bobcats were everything Jordan wasn't as a player: unproductive, uncompetitive and unwatchable.
Jordan didn't talk with the media after the game, but guard Gerald Henderson called the season ”unacceptable.”
”This doesn't sit very well with me,” Henderson said Thursday night. ”These last 10 games, we've really tried to get after it, compete and not get that record. It just didn't happen for us. We just didn't have enough. We couldn't come up with the plays.
”When you look back at it and see we lost 59 games, you always think `We could've won one more.”'
Jordan told the Charlotte Observer on Wednesday that they knew this was going to be a trying year, but didn't expect it would turn out this bad.
”But did we want to chase the most pingpong balls (in the May 30 draft lottery)? No way,” Jordan told the newspaper. ”Ever since I've owned the team I think we've made some very positive moves on the business side. We had to make a difficult decision to turn over the talent. This year the talent we had donen't respond, but that doesn't cause me to turn my back on the plan.”
While Jordan was sticking to their plan, the Bobcats were painful to watch.
No one on the roster comes close to having Jordan's charisma — not to mention their ability to dominate. They lack a face for the franchise, at least on the court.
And all that's on Jordan.
Their reputation as an executive continues to take hit after hit, just the way they used to make game-winning shot after shot.
Jordan's questionable decision-making has landed the Hall of Famer at the center of a debate about which former star turned NBA executive has done the worst job.
Jordan spent a season-and-a-half in Washington as team president and later as a part-time player. And while the Wizards were attractive at the box office, they were horrible as a team and owner Abe Pollin ultimately fired Jordan.
Jordan was criticized for trading Juwan Howard and Richard Hamilton, drafting Kwame Brown with the No. 1 overall pick and signing Larry Hughes to a big contract. They resurfaced as a minority owner with the Bobcats in 2006 and assumed control of basketball decisions under the watch of former team owner Bob Johnson.
Yet poor personnel decisions continued to plague him.
The Bobcats swung and missed on draft picks Adam Morrison and Alexis Ajinca. They traded away a first-round pick to get Tyrus Thomas, who's been a flop and is still owed $26 million over the next three seasons.
The Bobcats managed to reach the playoffs two years ago under Jordan, who became majority owner in March 2010, but after being swept in four games by the Orlando Magic they decided to blow up the roster and start over.
The top six players from that team — Stephen Jackson (San Antonio), Gerald Wallace (New Jersey), Raymond Felton (Portland), Boris Diaw (Sacramento), Nazr Mohammed (Oklahoma City) and Tyson Chandler (New York) — have been traded or waived.
”We were vying for that eighth and ninth spot and we looked at that and said, `How can we get to be one of those one, two, three or four teams?”' Jordan said in December. ”To do that, you have to grab assets and that's what we did. We had to create flexibility.”
At the time, Jordan asked fans to be patient, knowing it would take time to reload, but even they couldn't have imagined this big of a mess.
”This is not a wasted season because who knows how good we can be?” Jordan said before it started. ”We've got some good pieces that can help us get to the playoffs. I'm not waiting until next year. I think we have a good quality basketball team this year.”
The won-loss column says otherwise.
Jordan led the Bulls to an NBA-record 72 wins during the 1995-96 regular season. Meanwhile, the Bobcats are 185-290 in six seasons under Jordan and have only made the postseason once. They've never won a playoff game.
Charlotte became the butt of jokes this season.
”It has been tough, but we are just trying to move forward,” guard D.J. Augustin said before Thursday's loss. ”Many people are laughing at us and making (the losing streak) as a joke, but we take it very seriously.”
Even Jordan's friends and colleagues have been critical of their job performance.
”The biggest problem has been I don't know if they have hired enough people around them who they will listen to,” NBA analyst Charles Barkley said during a radio interview on ESPN. ”One thing about being famous is the people around you. You pay all their bills so they very rarely disagree with you because they want you to pick up the check. They want to fly around on your private jet so they never disagree with you. I don't think Michael has hired enough people around them who will disagree.”
One thing everyone can agree on: This was not a season to remember.
Xavi Hernández, ex-FC Barcelona captain, still dreams of being FC Barcelona manager. But only after they have finished their stint in Qatar, where they expect to be for another year.
Xavi, who is taking part in the 19th edition of the camp that carries their name in El Collell, has admitted “my intention is to stay another year in Qatar and then hang up my boots and spread my wings. At 38, I have had a long enough career and therefore it's the time for new challenges”.
And they aren't shy of talking about these challenges. “I want to be a manager, I don't want to hide it. And obviously I don't want to hide the fact that sooner or later I want to be manager of FC Barcelona. But first I have to learn and that's not a one month, two months or three month process but takes years. To coach FC Barcelona you have to be very, very well trained but, as I said, my dream is to sit on Barça's bench as manager one day.”
Even atheists will tell you they have no legal problem with students and teachers who pray during school. As long as its on their own time, it's not disruptive, and there's no coercion from adults involved, it's usually not an issue at all.
But what happened at Lumpkin County High School (Georgia) last Wednesday appears to be a very clear violation of school policy (the highlight for me comes at the 1:28 mark below, for totally stereotypical reasons…):
Controversy is brewing in a northern Georgia community after about 50 students prayed together Wednesday morning when school officials said they should have been in class. The spontaneous prayer at Lumpkin County High School has become the talk of the town. Lumpkin County Schools Superintendent Dewey Moye said that a student started the prayer in a coach's office at 7:30 a.m. and it lasted more than two hours. “It was a student-led initiative. The student showed up at the coach's office and the coach did pray with them and it went into the school day, over into the first period of the day,” Moye said.
Keep in mind LCHS has a block schedule so missing “first period” really means they missed a nearly-90-minute class.
What bugs me here isn't the coach's participation. If it was before school, I wouldn't raise an eyebrow. I don't even care that the students came into the coach's office, though that's just weird…
What bothers me is that the Superintendent doesn't seem concerned about any of this:
Moye says they realize what happened Wednesday cannot happen again. They admit some parents called to complain about the prayer, but they say that going forward, procedures and policies will be followed. While they said that they will not discipline the coach and students, Moye says from now on, there will be no prayers during school hours.
No punishments for anyone. Which is crazy.
Did the coach not have any responsibility to tell the students to get to class?
Weren't the students aware that skipping class for some random reason, in most schools, amounts to a truancy and/or suspension?
The question we really need to be asking is this one: If students ditched the beginning of the school day without an excuse, would they have been punished? If the answer is yes, then “We were praying” is not a legitimate excuse. Hell, if students took too long during a “bathroom break,” they'd be in trouble in most places.
Moye's excuse is that students have a right to pray. But that's not in dispute:
as long as they do not disrupt the school day,” Moye said.
That's precisely the problem. The students disrupted the school day and Moye's doing nothing about it!
There are several times over the course of a school year when half my class is missing because of some field trip or another. In most cases, I can't teach anything because it's just not worth it; I'll have to reteach it to the missing kids the next day, anyway, so why not just hold off until then. It's disruptive, but I accept it as part of the “high school deal.” To think that 50 kids were out of their classes for an unscheduled prayer? No field trip slips? No advance warning? If I were a teacher there, I'd be pissed off.
The comments online are overwhelmingly in support of the students and the Superintendent — “So grateful this story is about 50 students who were praying, not 50 students who were killed!”
That makes sense… Who needs to go to class when you have Jesus and osmosis?
The ACLU is investigating any possible proselytization, but there's no evidence of that.
The problem is that students skipped class, with the knowledge of at least one coach, and they were not punished at all for it because they were praying. Religion should not be a Get Out of Jail Free card, certainly not in this case, and the Superintendent needs to be punished for their weak response to an obvious infraction.
By the way, I was looking at the LCHS handbook and they actually address what happens to students who skip class:
A student who cuts a class during the school day will receive a “0” for that day in the subject missed. A student who is doing work for another teacher or is in another area other than their designated classroom (such as the restroom) without permission from their teacher or an administrator will be considered skipping. Students who leave their classroom during class time for any reason will make up the time missed in class at their teacher's discretion at break, before or after school, or during lunch break. Any student out of class FOR ANY REASON during the school day must have permission from a teacher entered on the sign out page of his/her agenda book .. Being more than 5 minutes late to class is skipping class. Consequences include suspension.
Being 5 minutes late? Could lead to suspension.
Being 90 minutes late? Don't worry about it… if you're Christian.
Totally makes sense.
(via Religion Clause)
Mannerbund: This Is What a Feminist Looks At
Reddit is an important media channel with a larger audience than many TV stations and newspapers; Obama and many politicians have posted there. While the political content is rigorously policed to promote down the line, partisan Democratic party liberalism, owing to an audience that skews young white male, there are constant outbreaks of hipster racism and hipster sexism.
While there is a lot of lore about the murky origins of Shit Reddit Says, a section of reddit devoted to combating these outbreaks, there's a constant battle between feminists and white males who think they are just being too sensitive and should learn to take a joke. Outrage, feigned outrage, mockery and overt hostility fly from both sides.
What's fascinating is to see the same pattern emerge, fractal like, on a smaller scale. Someone created a section of reddit called TheRedPill which is devoted to “game,” seduction and anti-feminism. Essentially, a group of young men comparing notes on their various romantic successes and failures, which for obvious reasons, include a lot of frustration and what some might call misogyny. Women are absolutely objectified, gendered, and depersonalized, but due to the nature of online discussion, no one is really talking about their looks or their bodies, but instead, their behavior. Their behavior and their cognition are objectified in a deeper way than their bodies could ever be. Some of these men talk about “gaming” women in the same sense you might talk about training a dog. Gaming bitches, they might even say.
The men's romantic advice to each other essentially boils down to: women are selfish and incapable of love, so never fall in love, just improve yourself, lift weights, make money, dress better, and the women will come running.
As if on cue, the women show up and create TheBluePill a section of reddit exclusively focused on mocking, shaming, and attacking TheRedPill with anti-male rhetoric just as critical and harsh and the anti-female rhetoric of TheRedPill.
But what is so fascinating about the dynamic is this: the men exclusively discuss how to improve themselves, while the women exclusively discuss … how the men can improve themselves. Obviously, they have very different views of what “improvement” looks like, the men essentially say “be more macho” while they women essentially say “be less macho.”
The dynamic plays itself out, over and over again, constantly. A group of men gets together – the Mannerbund is formed – and do something. The women then show up, watch the men, and either cheer them, or heckle them.
But when the boys get together, the one thing the girls cannot do is ignore them.
There's a famous video of a protest at a Warren Farrell speech at the University of Toronto from last year. At 3:56 of this video, a woman protestor confronts a man attending the speech. This is what they say to him:
You should be ashamed of yourself, you are fucking scum, you are fucking scum, fucking rape apologist, incest supporting, woman hating, fucking scum, just another … why would you pay money to support a rape apologist if you weren't fucking one? Fucking scum!
Watch their face at 4:08. Listen to their voice inflection at 4:27. Look at the man, look at the woman, and look at how the woman is looking at the man. Look at my eyes.
You could cut that sexual tension with a knife.
During today's second quarter earnings call , Apple CEO Tim Cook spent some time talking about the success of Apple Pay, which they say is "growing at a tremendous rate." According to Cook, Apple Pay transaction volume is up 5X compared to a year ago and Apple Pay is gaining 1 million new users per week.Across all of the countries where Apple Pay is available -- the U.S., UK, Canada, Australia, China, and Singapore -- Apple Pay is now available at more than 10 million contactless locations, including 2.5 million in the United States.Despite its growth, Apple Pay does not provide a significant amount of revenue for Apple, but Apple CFO Luca Maestri says the company is interested to see how Apple Pay progresses in the future.During the call, Cook said Apple Pay would expand to additional locations "soon," in line with rumors and evidence suggesting Apple Pay will soon be available in Spain, Hong Kong, Brazil, Japan, and France . For Spain and Hong Kong, Apple Pay will be introduced through a partnership with American Express in 2016 , and a leaked MasterCard document points towards MasterCard support in Brazil, Hong Kong, Japan, and Singapore.In addition to expanding Apple Pay's availability, Apple is also rumored to be working on several new features to increase its appeal, including the ability to make purchases from websites and the ability to make person to person payments as it is possible with services like Square Cash and Venmo.
NEWS
Syrian refugee finds work at CSN-Bemac Auto Body
By Barett Poley
Ottawa, Ontario -- January 16, 2017 -- Nabil Al-Dabei, a Syrian refugee, has found work as a collision repairer at CSN-Bemac Auto Body in Ottawa after their own collision shop in Syria was destroyed. Al-Dabei and their family came over from the war-torn country about 14 months ago, sponsored by Saint Basil's Church's Refugee Committee.
Since the breakout of the conflict in Syria during the "Arab Spring" of 2011, more than 10 million Syrians have been either internally displaced or have had to seek refuge in foreign countries.
Many refugees have been sponsored by church groups, such as the Saint Basil's Refugee Committee, who sponsored the Al-Dabei family. Nabil's youngest three children are attending Our Lady of Fatima Elementary School, and their oldest is enrolled in an extended ESL program at Saint Pius X Catholic High School.
Al-Dabei owned a body shop back in Syria, but was forced to leave it behind when armed Islamic militants attacked and vandalized their pace of business and home because they are a Melkite Catholic. As a result of their prior experience in the industry, they are fitting in well at CSN-Bemac Auto Body.
“Nabil is very good at their job,” says Joe Frangione, one of the owners of CSN-Bemac Auto Body. “He's a great asset to our team.”
In fact, it was their ownership of their own shop that brought them to CSN-Bemac Auto Body in particular. “We were told by the church that they had owned their own body shop, which really interested us.” says Frangione.
New parts are easier to come by in Canada than in Syria, so the shops in that country are more repair oriented than many of the facilities here. According to Frangione, Nabil has been taking the differences in stride.
“In Syria, because parts are not readily available. they did a lot of repairing. But in Canada our industry is a lot more used to replacing to bring vehicles back to OEM specifications,” says Frangione, “When it comes to new technologies and materials they might not have worked with before, such as aluminium, he's getting training as required. He's doing very well.”
Despite their decades of experience in the collision repair industry, they had no certifications in Canada as a collision repairer, so they needed to go through quite a bit of training before they could work in a shop again. “We're quite fortunate that [St. Basil's] Church introduced us to him. They were eager to work, and we also had quite a lot of help from the College of Trades, who helped to get them registered as an apprentice.”
For more information on CSN-Bemac Auto Body, please visit bemac.ca.
It's not uncommon for a film to hit out at organized religion, but a long-gestating Paul Thomas Anderson script is ready to do the uncomfortable: take on, in metaphor, the Hollywood-centric Church of Scientology.
Deadline reports that Anderson's proposed film, once under the working title, "The Master," but now without a name, has had its worldwide distribution rights bought by the Weinstein Company following a multi-studio bidding war. It guarantees a global audience for the film, which will star Philip Seymour Hoffman as a man who creates a religion in 1952, and Joaquin Phoenix as their second in command.
The film, which begins shooting in June, is a long time coming; the script was finished in 2009 and then shelved before the recent movement. According to Variety, the first iteration centered on the relationship between The Master (Hoffman's character) and Freddie (the lieutenant, to be played by Phoenix. "As the faith begins to gain a fervent following, Freddie finds themselves questioning the belief system they have embraced, and their mentor," the industry daily reported.
Whether this was originally part of the story or not, the new script has Hoffman as a shaken war veteran who creates the religion in the 50's, which, according to Deadline, "catches on with other lost souls."
L. Ron Hubbard, the founder of Scientology, served in the Navy in World War II, and following their post-war release from the hospital, founded the belief system in 1952.
The group has a fervent following in Hollywood, including stars such as Tom Cruise and John Travolta. Clearly, they won't be a part of the film despite Anderson's talents; he's an Oscar-nominated writer/director, whose biggest hits include "Boogie Nights," "Punch-Drunk Love" and "There Will Be Blood."
Former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell , center, is surrounded by media as they walk to the federal courthouse in Richmond.
Aug. 11, 2014 Former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell , center, is surrounded by media as they walk to the federal courthouse in Richmond. Bob Brown/Richmond Times-Dispatch via Associated Press
Former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell and their wife, Maureen, are battling a 14-count public-corruption indictment that alleges they lent the prestige of the governor's office to a Richmond area business person in exchange for gifts and loans.
Former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell and their wife, Maureen, are battling a 14-count public corruption indictment that alleges they lent the prestige of the governor's office to a Richmond-area business person, and in exchange, the business person lavished them with gifts and money.
Former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell and their wife, Maureen, are battling a 14-count public corruption indictment that alleges they lent the prestige of the governor's office to a Richmond-area business person, and in exchange, the business person lavished them with gifts and money.
Prosecutors on Thursday unveiled what could be a critical new piece of evidence in their case against former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell and their wife, Maureen: a photograph of the governor, grinning and holding up their wrist to display a watch.
Testifying during the McDonnells' federal corruption trial, business person Jonnie R. Williams Sr. said they received the photo by text message in December 2012 in response to one they sent the governor. The watch on McDonnell's wrist appeared to be the Rolex that Williams had purchased for the governor at the first lady's request a year earlier.
The picture could shatter any assertion that the governor was unaware that Williams — who was then the chief executive of a dietary-supplement company — had provided the expensive timepiece. McDonnell (R) has previously said the watch was a Christmas gift from their wife.
Many of Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Dry's questions for Williams appeared designed to prove that Robert McDonnell was in the loop about what the business person wanted from the first couple — and was aware of many of the gifts Williams gave them to curry favor.
Williams, who testified for nearly six hours on the fourth day of trial, is the prosecution's most important witness in the case, which has shined an uncomfortable spotlight on the McDonnells' marriage and lifestyle.
The business person repeatedly told jurors that they did not consider themselves personal friends with the McDonnells and that they believed the three were in a corrupt business relationship: They would provide luxury gifts and money to help the governor through a difficult financial time, and, in exchange, the couple would help promote a supplement created by their company, Star Scientific.
“I thought the governor could help bring this product to the marketplace, and it was not the right thing to do,” Williams said on the stand. “I knew it was wrong. I thought the ends justified the means, and I was wrong.”
The two sides
To win a conviction, prosecutors have to prove that the former governor and first lady conspired to sell the power of McDonnell's office to Williams in exchange for such things as private plane rides, luxury vacations, designer clothes and $120,000 in loans.
In essence, they must persuade jurors to believe the account of a wealthy man who bragged of rich and powerful friends and once claimed to have invented a way to remove a cancerous substance from tobacco with their kitchen microwave.
Defense attorneys have called Williams — who has been given immunity in exchange for their testimony — a “master manipulator” and are set to launch a vigorous attack on their version of events.
Williams acknowledged Thursday that when first confronted about their relationship with Virginia's first couple in January 2013, they told authorities that they had never asked the McDonnells for anything in exchange for their largesse.
Now they said that was a lie. “If they were in trouble, I could be also,” they said they concluded at the time.
A manicurist and a model are just two of the witnesses that may be called to testify in the federal corruption trial of former Virginia governor Robert F. McDonnell and their wife, Maureen, which commenced on Monday. The Washington Post's Matt Zapotosky reports from Richmond on some of the standout witnesses on the list released by prosecutors and defense attorneys. (Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post)
Defense attorneys have asserted that the McDonnells' marriage was crumbling, the two were barely speaking and they could not have conspired to do anything for Williams, a man on whom Maureen McDonnell had a crush. In any case, they have said, Robert McDonnell never promised to perform official acts to assist Williams.
But Williams — who denied any romantic connection to Maureen McDonnell — testified that they laid out their plan for the governor during a five-to-six-hour flight to Richmond from California on their private plane in October 2010, before they gave the first family most of the gifts.
On the flight, they said, they explained that their company's new dietary supplement needed credibility and that they wanted the governor's help getting public universities to conduct the studies that would provide it.
Williams said they and the governor discussed using money from the state tobacco commission to fund the project. “He thought it was a good idea,” Williams said. (He did say the governor slept for part of the flight, joking, “I think I put them to sleep.”)
When Maureen McDonnell flew to Michigan in 2011 to address a meeting with doctors whom Star Scientific was trying to impress — one of a number of Star events they attended — Williams said they called the governor the night before to confirm that they had their permission to attend.
Dry showed jurors a video from that event, during which Maureen McDonnell told the crowd that they and their husband were excited about the company.
Later, Williams testified that they held a one-on-one meeting with Robert McDonnell in the governor's office suite to discuss a $50,000 loan the governor was seeking to help make payments on beach properties the McDonnells owned in Virginia Beach.
Williams said the two discussed a complicated scheme in which the McDonnells would borrow money against Star Scientific stock owned by Williams, an arrangement they hoped would avoid federal and state disclosure laws.
“I said that I'd just as soon keep this between us and no one know this,” Williams testified they told the governor.
Williams said McDonnell replied, “That's fine.”
Ultimately, Williams said, they simply wrote a $50,000 check to a real estate company owned by the governor and their sister.
The Rolex
Some of the day's most dramatic moments revolved around the Rolex watch, which Dry dropped on the floor before it was handed to the jurors. They passed it slowly to one another.
Williams testified that Maureen McDonnell asked them to buy the watch, which cost between $6,000 and $7,000, on the day they and Williams held a series of meetings with a state health official and a university scientist.
Williams said the photo of McDonnell wearing the Rolex arrived on their cellphone after they text-messaged a photograph to McDonnell of the governor's mansion's executive chef at their house for Christmas Eve.
A forensic analysis has been unable to determine whether the picture was sent to Williams's phone from the governor's or their wife's phone, according to two people familiar with the evidence.
In an initially soft cross-examination of Williams, Maureen McDonnell's lead defense attorney, William Burck, seemed to want to show jurors that the business person was a braggart who was not shy about making outlandish assertions (though they were shy about disclosing their net worth). Allowing Williams to describe their own life story at length, they were somewhat successful.
Williams eventually testified that they had discovered how to remove the “strongest and most abundant carcinogens in cigarette smoke” with a conventional microwave oven and then tried to make greater use of the discovery with 200 microwaves they sent an employee to buy from Wal-Mart.
Though Williams insisted throughout the day that their relationship with the McDonnells was a business one, they said they felt a moment of compassion toward Maureen McDonnell when they found a box at their home in March 2013.
By then, they said, they had been interviewed by authorities and knew the first lady had been as well.
In the box were many of the items they had purchased for the first lady on a New York shopping trip nearly two years earlier, along with a note saying that they were returning the clothes as, they claimed, the two had discussed. They said they took the letter to their living room and read it again and again with a “sinking feeling.”
“I felt sorry for her,” they said.
Then, they said, they called their lawyer.
Justin Jouvenal and Rachel Weiner contributed to this report.
Tommy Raudonikis with their partner Trish Brown in their hospital room. Credit:Louise Kennerley Tom has cancer of the neck and was operated on at Sydney's Prince of Wales hospital last week, with the surgeon telling them their chances of surviving are only one in three, while also using a football analogy to point out, positively, that these odds are better than the one in 11 success rate of the NSW team in recent State of Origin history. The surgeon was not able to remove all the cancerous tissue, tentacles dangerously close to the carotid artery, an evil vine seeking to strangle a life source desperately struggling to reach the sunlight and rid itself of all these medical miseries. Between the testicular cancer and the neck surgery, Tom has endured a quadruple bypass 11 years ago; treatment for cancer of the throat and was on the eve of serious back surgery when tests exposed their latest challenge. Their 15-year-old grandson, Jake Kedzlie, died in April 2013, during a rugby league match.
Not the first time: A newspaper clipping from The Sun in March 1987 revealed Tommy Raudonikis' first cancer battle. Credit:Fairfax Media It seems cruelly consistent that this 67-year-old, who has endured so much, would lose the boy they loved to the game they loved. Tom returned to their Gold Coast home on Wednesday with their devoted partner Trish ("My stomach feels as if it has been in a washing machine") and they will travel daily to Brisbane for chemotherapy and radiation. Trish texted Tom's former Newtown president and long-time friend John Singleton with the grim prognosis, saying, "Tom said to tell you they have a one in three chance!! He'll take that." Singo, the gambler, took the same optimistic tack as the surgeon, replying immediately: "How much [money] we're having on it?"
Then they quickly followed with a text highlighting Tom's legendary fighting spirit: "I wouldn't like to be the other 2 tommy has to beat. Or that poor f------ cancer!!!!" Singo got it right with their reaction to Tom's latest medical challenge, unlike the ruse they played ahead of the quadruple bypass surgery. Tom has an endearing habit of being gullible with those they love while retaining a radar like accuracy for detecting duplicity in those they distrust. For weeks, Singo had co-conspirators phoning Tommy pretending to be Eddie McGuire who was then boss of Channel Nine. The ruse revolved around giving Tommy a gig on the Footy Show, conditional on their heart operation being televised live. Singo's son, Jack, almost gave the game away when they suggested the winner of a $1000 prize also be given the honour of holding Tom's heart up during the operation in Heart Awareness Week.
The winner was to say, "Look at their heart. It's bigger than Phar Lap's". But when Singo's fake Channel Nine crew invaded Sydney's St Vincent's hospital, Tommy blew up. Angry that the dignity of their fellow five patients in the public ward had been diminished, they ordered the cameramen out, threatening to belt them. Fighting chance: Tommy Raudonikis (centre) has been given a one in three shot at recovering from cancer of the neck. Credit:Jacqueline Haynes-Smart/Fairfax Media Similarly, this week, the only thoughts they had for this story was a mention of their two doctors, Ian Jacobsen the ENT surgeon and Bob Smee, the radiologist, together with the ever-helpful staff of Prince of Wales. When Tommy was treated for the throat cancer at the same hospital a few years ago, they gave their name to a race meeting at Randwick to raise funds for cancer research.
They concede the cancer is "very aggressive" and admits to rare moments when they reflect on the cruelty of life. But they quickly dismiss them, balling their first as they strike at the invisible foe, saying, "I can't think like that. I've got to keep going." It should be no mystery why Tommy is universally loved. Their twin defining characteristics are a searing honesty and a commitment to hard work.  They are incapable of telling a lie, their admission of the truth ending a relationship. Unlike some champion footballers of their era, they have always worked hard, earning the nickname, "Tommy Tomato" while labouring at Brisbane market; a timely Tom when delivering bathroom supplies in south-east Queensland, and tale-telling Tom while traversing the state on fund-raising nights with the late Arthur Beetson, their opposing captain in that inaugural State of Origin match in 1980. They were also born without pretence, or "side" as our parents called it. When mobile phones came on the market, they kept an old circular dial handset on the front passenger seat of their car.
When they pulled up at traffic lights and observed a yuppie speaking into a mobile phone, they would mock them by lifting up the ancient handset and hold an imaginary conversation.  They are comfortable in a wheelchair at airports, or using a frame, because they know its need is genuine. Their arguments with friends rarely last long, although Singo was sent to Coventry over the Channel Nine thing. When Tom called Singo on another matter, Singo said, "Does this mean we are mates?" Tom replied, "Not yet." Fierce competitor: Newtown captain Tommy Raudonikis (left) seemingly looking daggers as Ken Wilson (right) comes on as their replacement during a semi-final against Parramatta. Credit:Pearce; Stevens But they did concede Singo saved them ahead of the bypass surgery when they insisted all those signed up for the Kokoda trek take a cardiology test. Tommy had not been making any progress on a giant hill near Brisbane and resolved to make one determined attack on it the afternoon following their scheduled treadmill test.
But shortly into the morning test, warning lights flashed, they were dragged off the machine and quadruple bypass surgery followed. Yet they climbed a mountain in Borneo with Singo a year later and walked the Kokoda track with us in 2012. When they flew to Sydney a couple of weeks ago for biopsies ahead of their neck surgery, we met in a Surry Hills hotel. I had earlier that day been given a "Growler" by Gary Johnston, the owner of electronics retailer Jaycar, the sponsor of the Bulldogs. A Growler is a thermos that holds five schooners of beer. When Gary heard of Tom's latest medical setback, they insisted I give it to Tom. We were joined by former St George captain Craig Young and Tom's Newtown teammate Col Murphy.
Loading Nanny state restrictions meant we couldn't fill the container from the pub's beer tap but we christened it anyway. Someone suggested an alternative use of the Growler would be to store Tom's Y chromosomes for later use to produce an assembly line of NSW halfbacks. It was the only way, it was conjectured, the Blues could beat Queensland. It would also be the only way the world will ever see another Tommy Raudonikis.
SmallJSONParser
This is a simple, one-file JSON parser in C. It is designed for highly resource-constrained systems. It uses no memory allocation, and can stream data, so that the whole file does not need to reside in memory.
It does not actually convert the JSON structure into a native data structure or tree. Instead, it works more like a tokeniser, and finds each primitive value in turn, and also reports when an object or array starts or ends.
The application then follows along with the structure, and extracts the data it needs as it encounters it. The implementation also includes a set of helper functions to make this easier.
Simplifications
In order to keep code size down, the parser actually parses a simplified JSON syntax. Any well-formed JSON data will be parsed correctly by the simplified grammar, but many kinds of JSON data that a strict parser would not accept will be accepted by this parser.
: and , are ignored entirely.
and are ignored entirely. ] and } are treated as interchangeable.
and are treated as interchangeable. Any bareword of any length starting with t is treated as a true value.
is treated as a value. Any bareword of any length starting with f is treated as a false value.
is treated as a value. Any bareword of any length starting with n is treated as a null value.
is treated as a value. Number parsing may be less strict that the spec requires.
For instance, this can be parsed as valid data: {"a" t "b" f "c" [1 2 3}} .
API documentation
The API contains several layers, all quite simple.
Minimal API
At this level, the parser is supplied with a buffer of memory containing JSON data, and the parsing function is called repeatedly, returning one token per call. When the end of buffer is reached, the parser may return a partial token (for instance, if the buffer ends in the middle of a string value).
Once the end of the buffer has been released, a new buffer with the following data can be supplied, and the parser will carry in where it left off, and return the remaining data of any partial token it previously returned.
If the whole JSON structure can be fit into one buffer, partial tokens do not need to be handled.
Value data is returned in tokens simply as start and end pointers into the original data. You can access this data directly yourself, or you can use the token parsing API functions, defined further down, to parse string and number values.
Functions
void InitialiseJSONParser(JSONParser *self);
Initialise a JSONParser structure. Call this before starting parsing, or to restart a parser from scratch. self is an uninitialised JSONParser .
void ProvideJSONInput(JSONParser *self,const void *bytes,size_t length);
Provide input for the JSONParser self . bytes is a pointer to the bytes of JSON data, and length is the number of bytes.
JSONToken NextJSONToken(JSONParser *self);
Find the next token from the JSON data being parsed by the JSONParser self , The start field of the returned JSONToken structure is a pointer to the first byte of the value for this token. The end filed points to one past the end of the value. typeandflags contains a combination of the token type and flags for the token.
If the end of the data provided to the the JSONParser is reached while looking for the next token, the type of the token will be OutOfDataJSONToken .
If the end of the data provided to the the JSONParser is reached while looking for the end of a found token, the returned token will be marked as partial, and the value will contain only as much of the token's value as was available.
If a partial token is returned, then the next call to this function after providing more data through the ProvideJSONInput function will be a token of the same type, whose start and end pointers contain only the newly available data, not the earlier data. The value will have to be manually reconstructed if it is of interest.
int JSONTokenType(JSONToken token);
Returns the type of the JSONToken token . This will be one of the *JSONToken values.
bool IsJSONTokenPartial(JSONToken token);
Checks if the JSONToken token is partial, i.e., if it the token extends past the end of the current buffer.
Pull API
To facilitate streaming data through the parser, a slightly higher-level API is provided on top of the minimal API. With this API, you provide a callback function that loads and provides data to the parser as needed. You also provide a memory buffer that is used to reconstruct partial tokens across buffer boundaries.
If a token needs reconstructed, the start and end pointers of the returned token will be pointing into the reconstruction buffer instead of into the original data.
As the reconstruction buffer is of fixed size, if a value is too big to fit into the provided memory, it is truncated to fit, and any remaining data is discarded. If this is a problem, you should use the minimal API to handle reconstructing tokens yourself, or just load the entire JSON struture into memory so there are no buffer boundaries to deal with.
Functions
typedef bool JSONInputProviderCallbackFunction(JSONParser *parser,void *context);
An input provider callback function. parser is the JSONParser structure that needs more input, and context is the arbitrary context pointer provided to InitialiseJSONProvider .
The function should fetch more data, then call ProvideJSONInput on parser , then return true . Alternatively, it should return false to indicate that there is no more input available.
void InitialiseJSONProvider(JSONProvider *self, JSONInputProviderCallbackFunction *callback,void *context,void *buffer,size_t buffersize);
Initialise a JSONProvider structure. JSONParser is responsible for streaming input to a JSONParser , by using the function supplied through callback . context is an arbitrary pointer that is passed on to the callback as extra data.
It is also responsible for providing a memory buffer for reassembling partial tokens when needed. This buffer is passed in through the buffer argument, and its size through buffersize . Make sure this buffer is large enough to fit the largest value you are interested in.
Up to one byte less than the available buffer size will be used when reconstructing the value, in order to leave space for a possible terminating zero byte added by UnescapeJSONStringTokenInPlace() .
JSONToken NextJSONTokenWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider);
Find the next token from the JSON data being parsed by the JSONParser self , and provided by the JSONProvider provider . The start field of the returned JSONToken structure is a pointer to the first byte of the value for this token. The end filed points to one past the end of the value. typeandflags contains a combination of the token type and flags for the token.
If the end of the stream provided by the JSONProvider is reached while looking for the next token, the type of the token will be OutOfDataJSONToken .
If the value of a token extends across the buffer edges as provided by JSONProvider , the token value will be reassembled in the buffer supplied by the JSONProvider , and the start and end values will point into this buffer instead of into the actual JSON data.
If there is not enough space to reassemble the token value, it will be flagged as truncated.
bool IsJSONTokenTruncated(JSONToken token);
Checks if the JSONToken token is truncated, i.e., if it needed to be reassembled by NextJSONTokenWithProvider() but there was not enough buffer space to do so.
Token parsing API
These functions help with extracting data from string and number values. Numbers can be parsed both as integers or floating-point values. Strings can be processed to expand escape codes, including Unicode escapes which are converted into UTF-8. String escape expansion an either be done in-place or into a separate buffer. If it is done in-place, the original data buffer is modified, so make sure this is possible and acceptable.
Functions
bool UnescapeJSONStringToken(JSONToken token,char *unescapedbuffer,char **end);
Unescape a JSON string token token , handing both escape codes such as
and \r, and Unicode escapes like \u2619, which are converted to UTF-8. The result is stored in unescapedbuffer , and terminated with a zero byte. This buffer must be at least as long as the length of the token, plus one for the terminating zero byte. You can use SizeOfUnescapingBufferForJSONStringToken() to calculate this size.
The end of the unescaped string will be written to end , if not NULL .
static size_t SizeOfUnescapingBufferForJSONStringToken(JSONToken token) { return token.end-token.start+1; }
The number of bytes needed to unescape the token token , including the terminating zero byte.
bool UnescapeJSONStringTokenInPlace(JSONToken *token);
Unescape a JSON string token token , handing both escape codes such as
and \r, and Unicode escapes like \u2619, which are converted to UTF-8. The result overwrites the existing data, and a zero byte is added for termination. The result is pointed to by start after the conversion is finished.
This function overwrites data provided by ProvideJSONInput() , so make sure this is possible and acceptable before calling it.
bool FastIsJSONStringEqual(JSONToken token,const char *string);
Quickly compare whether the string value in the JSONToken token is equal to a given string or not. The string value is not unescaped in any way.
bool FastIsJSONStringEqualWithLength(JSONToken token,const char *string,size_t length);
Quickly compare whether the string value in the JSONToken token is equal to a given string for which the length is already known, or not. The string value is not unescaped in any way.
bool ParseNumberTokenAsInteger(JSONToken token,int *result);
Parse the number value of the JSONToken token , assuming it is an integer. The result is stored in result , and the function returns true if conversion succeeded, else false .
bool ParseNumberTokenAsFloat(JSONToken token,float *result);
Parse the number value of the JSONToken token , converting it to a float . The result is stored in result , and the function returns true if conversion succeeded, else false .
Note: This function copies the token value string into a buffer on the stack while converting. Make sure the value is not so big it will overflow the stack before calling.
bool ParseNumberTokenAsDouble(JSONToken token,double *result);
Parse the number value of the JSONToken token , converting it to a double . The result is stored in result , and the function returns true if conversion succeeded, else false .
Note: This function copies the token value string into a buffer on the stack while converting. Make sure the value is not so big it will overflow the stack before calling.
Structure parsing API
These functions help when writing code to parse the higher-level structure of the stream of tokens that the token parser outputs. The serve two main functions, encoding the expectations on future output, for instance that the upcoming value token after a key token in a dictionary should be a number, and skipping values that we are not interested in.
All functions come in two varieties, one that takes a JSONProvider and one that does not. The ones that do not simply leave out this parameter, and the WithProvider part of the function name. They are not documented separately, and should just be assumed to exist for each function in this section. It should be noted that they are mainly only useful if the whole JSON data has been provided to the JSONParser , as there is no handling of buffer boundaries.
Each function returns bool signifying success. Normal usage of these functions would be to check the result of each one, and return from the function or goto an error handler if any of them return false.
Functions
bool ExpectJSONTokenOfTypeWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider,int expectedtype,JSONToken *token);
Find the next token from the JSON data being parsed by the JSONParser , and check that it is of type expectedtype . The token is stored in the location pointed to by token .
bool SkipJSONValueWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider);
Skip the next JSON value. If it is an object or array, all contained values will be skipped also.
bool ExpectAndSkipJSONValueOfTypeWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider,int expectedtype);
Find the next token from the JSON data being parsed by the JSONParser , check that it is of type expectedtype , then skip it. If it is an object or array, all contained values will be skipped also.
bool SkipUntilEndOfJSONObjectWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider);
Skip all following JSON values until the end of the current object is reached. Any objects or arrays encountered will also be skipped in full.
bool SkipUntilEndOfJSONArrayWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider);
Skip all following JSON values until the end of the current object is reached. Any objects or arrays encountered will also be skipped in full.
bool SkipUntilJSONObjectKeyWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider,const char *key);
Skip through the keys and values of a JSON object until a key with value key is reached. No expanding of escape codes is done on the keys before comparing. Objects and arrays are skipped in full.
This function assumes you have already encountered the StartObjectJSONToken token for this array.
bool ExpectAndSkipUntilJSONObjectKeyWithProvider(JSONParser *self,JSONProvider *provider,const char *key);
Find the next token from the JSON data being parsed by the JSONParser , and check that it is the start of an object. If it is, skip through the keys and values of a JSON object until a key with value key is reached. No expanding of escape codes is done on the keys before comparing. Objects and arrays are skipped in full.
License
This code is released into the public domain with no warranties. If that is not suitable, it is also available under the CC0 license.
VCU has quietly extended its reach northward.
The university, through the VCU Real Estate Foundation, spent $4 million late last year to purchase a 2.6-acre tract at 505 W. Leigh St., the site of the former Belvidere Medical Center. The building was demolished in October and VCU closed the deal Dec. 10, property records show.
VCU spokesperson Mike Porter said in an email the foundation “is currently working with a consultant on feasibility analysis to create a plan of development for that property. There is no additional information to report at this time.”
The property was previously owned by a group of 10 local doctors through Downtown Medical Investment LLC, which purchased the property in 2007 for $550,000. Physician Wiley J. Latham III is the registered agent for the LLC. A phone number listed for Latham has been disconnected.
The Belvidere Medical Center once housed numerous physicians' offices. Since the building was demolished, its assessment dropped from $2.8 million to just over $1 million, according to city records.
The Leigh Street property is the furthest north that VCU has reached along North Belvidere Street. It also owns the former Hess gas station site at the corner of Belvidere and West Broad Street directly across from its forthcoming Institute of Contemporary Art.
The school has made a steady streak of real estate acquisitions in recent months. It used portions of a large bond offering floated late last year to purchase the deserted Sahara restaurant building at 813 W. Grace St. and a former Media General office building downtown at 111 N. Fourth St.
Elsewhere in Northside, VCU is building the Virginia Treatment Center for Children, a $56 million pediatric psychiatric facility at 1308 Sherwood Ave., on the Brook Road campus of the Children's Hospital of Richmond at VCU.
iPhone Apps on the iPad
Brian X. Chen at Wired, on the default iPhone apps that aren't present on the iPad:
But if you recall, the iPhone ships with some apps that appear to be left out from the iPad: Stocks, Calculator, Clock, Weather and Voice Memos. What gives? Apple didn't respond to a request for comment, but I'm willing to guess Apple will just stick those apps in the App Store for a free download, and they'll be the same apps as they were on the iPhone. After all, it's unlikely there's much to do with those particular apps to make them visually special for the iPad.
Actually, it's sort of the opposite problem. It's not that Apple couldn't just create bigger versions of these apps and have them run on the iPad. It wasn't a technical problem, it was a design problem. There were, internally to Apple (of course), versions of these apps (or at least some of them) with upscaled iPad-sized graphics, but otherwise the same UI and layout as the iPhone versions. Ends up that just blowing up iPhone apps to fill the iPad screen looks and feels weird, even if you use higher-resolution graphics so that nothing looks pixelated. So they were scrapped by you-know-who. Perhaps they'll appear on the iPad in some re-imagined form this summer with OS 4.0, but when the iPad ships next month, there won't be versions of these apps. At least that's the story I've heard from a few well-informed little birdies.
(There is, alas, no secret “widget” mode for iPad in OS 3.2, either.)
Some (maybe even most?) iPhone games will work well as-is, on the iPad. Not just technically, but in terms of being fun and feeling right. But non-game iPhone apps that are just upscaled on the iPad are going to feel weird. And the run the app in a little iPhone-sized rectangle in the middle of an otherwise black screen mode is even weirder, I think. A 3.5-inch screen is just totally different than a 10-inch screen.
On the whole, it's actually rather un-Apple-like that they're even allowing iPhone apps to run unmodified on the iPad. It's a huge compatibility win, of course: an instant market of thousands and thousands of titles. Given the runaway success of the App Store and the fundamental technical similarities between the iPhone and iPad, it's the sort of decision that most companies wouldn't even think twice about. But it's undeniably a sub-optimal user experience. iPhone apps on the iPad are a “good enough” thing, not an “exactly right” thing. Most companies — the ones that wouldn't even see it as a tough decision whether to allow iPhone apps to run on the iPad — settle for “good enough” all the time. Apple, on the other hand, usually goes for “exactly right”.
I'll go so far as to predict that by the time Monday April 5 rolls around, it'll already be an established meme that non-iPad-optimized iPhone apps are to the iPad what Classic apps were to Mac OS X — something you'll make do with “for now” but can't wait to abandon for the real thing.
I'm not saying it's a mistake that Apple is allowing the iPad to run iPhone apps. I'm just saying that the iPad is not a big iPhone.
Every Conservative supporter who still doesn't believe that there is an actual Media Party needs to watch this video of CTV's Craig Oliver after the election results were announced.
The audio is not great due to it being recorded off the TV, but you can make out what they rant about if you listen closely.
Oliver has admitted in the past to having close, personal relationships with top Liberals -- including going on a canoe trip with Pierre Trudeau -- so it doesn't surprise me in the least that they hate Harper.
The surprise is that they were so openly brazen about it, live on the air.
But I guess since not a word about it has been mentioned by a single media source the next day, Oliver knew they were safe.
JOIN TheRebel.media FREE for more fearless news and commentary you won't find anywhere else.
NEW! "Don't blame me: I voted Conservative"
The t-shirt and bumpersticker that says it all --
ONLY from TheRebel.media store!
The CBC: Irrelevant, arrogant, biased. It's time to pull the plug!
SIGN THE PETITION to SellTheCBC.ca
In Central Texas, about an hour Northwest of Austin, Lake Buchanan hides a watery secret. Underneath the depths of one of Texas' manmade lakes lies one of Texas' creepiest lost ghost towns.
In the 1850s, the Davis family established the original Bluffton. After a fire destroyed the tiny town in 1883, residents moved a few miles south to again establish a community. This time, they chose an area off a stagecoach route. That route, which eventually became Highway 29, helped grow the town.
READ MORE: 10 Texas Ghost Towns You Should Visit
But as electricity became increasingly popular, the area needed a source of hydroelectric power and water. Officials chose to dam up nearby Colorado River to build Lake Buchanan.
The decision forced 50 families in the area to sell their homes and land. The designed lake was meant to flood the area, and most residents understood the need for it. When the Great Depression hit, many residents in the town even worked to help build the damn. Hey, money is money.
The dam took longer than expected because the company funding it went bankrupt (along with most of America) in 1931. FDR's New Deal reinvigorated the project, which builders completed in 1937.
As part of the construction, workers assisted Bluffton residents in relocating the graves of more than 300 deceased community members. Workers shifting dirt to the dam commonly found the spare bone or belt buckle. Residents intended on leaving the area fairly scarce and carrying their lives on elsewhere, including yet another Bluffton 7 miles away.
Officials told residents to take their time, as it would take years to fill the lake. Unfortunately, heavy Texas floods and rains in excess of 20 inches caused the lake to fill to capacity in a matter of months. Residents weren't completely able to remove themselves from the area and Bluffton submerged into its watery grave.
Most folks forgot the history of the area until its first partial resurfacing during a drought in 1984. In 2009, when severe droughts in Texas crippled water reserves, Lake Buchanan dropped 26 feet -- enough to completely reveal the small town hidden 75 years earlier.
People began traveling to see the ghost town: grave sites, home remains, a hotel, a cotton gin, a burial for freed slaves -- even the concrete foundations of one of the original Texaco gas stations. The Vanishing Texas River Cruise began offering historic tours of the area when the lake ran low enough.
Unfortunately, as news of the ghost town spread, visitors began flocking. It's illegal to remove artifacts from the area, but that hasn't stopped some careless tourists from doing so.
Bluffton is an incredible piece of Texas history that helps us peer into early life in the Hill Country. If you go visit the ghost town, be sure to do so with respect for the folks who once called it home.
Explore Texas' Beautiful Cascades
oembed rumble video here
The uncertainty has also unsettled candidates and campaign staffs, prompting at least one of them — Mark Napier, the Republican candidate for sheriff in Pima County, which had 80,735 uncounted votes on Wednesday — to rescind their concession.
“I was down by 7,400 votes on election night,” Mr. Napier said. “I assumed it was over, but this election could change.”
Photo
Three Congressional races remained too close to call on Friday, and there were also some misgivings about the outcome of several other races. One of them was the United States Senate race, where, as of Friday, Jeff Flake, a Republican member of congress, was ahead of their Democratic challenger, Richard H. Carmona, by 78,775 votes, according to unofficial results posted by the secretary of state.
Mr. Carmona conceded on Tuesday; on Friday, in a message to supporters, they wrote, “We will take every necessary step to make sure all of our supporters' ballots are counted.”
Activists say that they believe, based on what they have heard from people in the field, that provisional ballots tended to be used most often in Hispanic and black neighborhoods. But that cannot be verified until all the ballots are counted, and officials in each of Arizona's 15 counties have until next Friday to do that.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Matt Roberts, a spokesperson for Mr. Bennett, said that all valid votes would be counted. Advocates and elected officials are worried, though, that voters who had to cast conditional provisional ballots because they forgot to bring identification to the polls, as state law requires, may not know they have to present their ID at the county elections office by Wednesday for their vote to count.
“You should do it not just for the Democrats or the Republicans, or for the Hispanic voters and the black voters. You should do it because it's the right thing to do,” State Representative Ruben Gallego, a Democrat, said at a protest on Friday.
Deborah Curtis, a poll observer at Xavier College Preparatory in Central Phoenix attending the same protest, said they saw a black voter being told they could drop off their early ballot only in their neighborhood precinct, although early ballots can be left at any polling place.
“I wondered how many other people were told the same thing,” Ms. Curtis said.
On Thursday night, more than a hundred people — activists, high school students who are too young to vote but worked for months to register voters, and voters who said they were forced to use provisional ballots at the polls — joined hands in a human chain and prayed outside the election center, a squat brick building on a desolate stretch of downtown, next to the train tracks and across the street from a jail.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Friday morning, they marched five blocks along Third Avenue to the county recorder's office, where they delivered a petition with at least 20,000 signatures, demanding answers. Outside, on small pieces of paper, they left messages taped to a wooden board. One of them read, “We have rights.” Another read, “Justice.”
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) — Police in North Carolina say they have detained a "person of interest" after what was described as an explosive device was found at an airport.
A statement from the Asheville Police Department said the person was apprehended without incident on Saturday.
Authorities at Asheville Regional Airport initially said the package found on the curb near a baggage claim area Friday was made to look like an explosive device.
FBI spokesperson Shelley Lynch later said the package included explosive materials. They said they couldn't elaborate on what the package looked like.
The Asheville Police Department's Hazardous Device Team responded and disabled the package.
The main road into the airport was closed for about two hours. Officials also ordered an evacuation of a portion of the main terminal.
Dementia rates, too, have been plunging. It took a few reports and more than a decade before many people believed it, but data from the United States and Europe are becoming hard to wave off. The latest report finds a 20 percent decline in dementia incidence per decade, starting in 1977.
A recent American study, for example, reports that the incidence among people over age 60 was 3.6 per 100 in the years 1986-1991, but in the years 2004-2008 it had fallen to 2.0 per 100 over age 60. With older people in the population every year, there may be more cases in total, but an individual's chance of getting dementia has gotten lower and lower.
There are reasons that make sense. Ministrokes result from vascular disease and can cause dementia, and cardiovascular risk factors are also risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. So the improved control of blood pressure and cholesterol levels should have an effect. Better education has also been linked to a lower risk of Alzheimer's disease, although it is not known why. But the full explanation for the declining rates is anyone's guess. And the future of this trend remains a contested unknown.
The exemplar for declining rates is heart disease. Its death rate has been falling for so long — more than half a century — that it's no longer news. The news now is that the rate of decline seems to have slowed recently, although it is still falling. While heart disease is still the leading cause of death in the United States, killing more than 600,000 people a year, deaths have fallen 70 percent from their peak. The usual suspects: Better treatment, better prevention with drugs like statins and drugs for blood pressure, and less smoking, are, of course, helping drive the trend. But they are not enough, heart researchers say, to account fully for the decades-long decline.
The heart disease effect has been examined by scientist after scientist. Was it a result of better prevention, treatment, lifestyle changes?
All three played a role, researchers said.
Dr. Jones said the current explanation reminds them of the Caucus-race in “Alice's Adventures in Wonderland,” in which the Dodo, officiating, declared that “EVERYBODY has won, and all must have prizes.”
It's not as if the waxing and waning of diseases has never happened before. And all too often these medical mysteries remain mysteries.
Laravel's Support package offers a lot of cool stuff to use in any project, let check them out one at a time.
I'll start with my favourite feature that I really like much more than anything else, and that is the helper functions provided by illuminate\support .
Helpers
There are so many helper functions included in support package and I can't convince you more so as to why you should use them.
A plethora of array helper functions included in package will make your life so damn easy when it comes to working with arrays. Best thing about those functions is that they offer you a great way to operate on arrays using dot notations, this feels so natural, and in harmony with object oriented codes, that you can just not resist yourself.
Naturally, $name = array_get($user, 'name.first') is much elegant solution than $name = $user['name']['first'] and there are many other functions like this, including:
array_add ( $user , 'name.last' , 'Gufran' ); array_pluck ( $users , 'name.first' ); array_sort ( $user , $callback );
and many others.
Those functions are specially useful to dynamically access the elements from deep inside an array. Imagine writing yourself
$secondaryCompany = $records [ $recordId ][ $userId ][ $companyId ][ 'name' ];
and once you recover from the nightmare, also imagine writing
$keyString = $recordId . $userId . $companyId ; $secondaryCompany = array_get ( $records , $keyString );
Pretty nifty, heh!
You can find a full list and proper documentations for those functions on official Laravel documentation page
Other functions provided by support package are string helpers. Here is an example of some of them but you should definitely check out the full documentation.
str_contains ( 'Hello World' , 'World' ); str_is ( 'Hello' , 'Hello' ); snake_case ( 'MainClassName' ); studly_case ( 'converts_from_snake_case' ); camel_case ( 'converts_from_snake_or_studly_case' );
You can find complete documentation about those helper functions on official Laravel documentation page
Second in my favourites list is Fluent class.
Fluent
This is not the Fluent Query Builder class, this is something much more exciting than query builder.
If you have been programming in any language for long enough you might have already discovered by now that arrays (and similar types) are one of the most used features in your codes. How about making those traditional PHP arrays a little more interesting to work with ?
Well, Fluent class does just that. This class implements ArrayAccess interface which allows you to use the object of Fluent class as an array itself. What's more ? You now have simple getter and setter methods available to manipulate the array. Take a look at this:
$userRecord = array ( 'first_name' => 'Mohammad' , 'last_name' => 'Gufran' ); $record = new Fluent ( $userRecord ); $record -> address ( 'hometown, street, house' ); echo $record -> address ;
as well as
$record [ 'address' ] = 'hometown, street, house' ; echo $record [ 'first_name' ];
So, that is just PHP arrays with lipstick. This is not the most revolutionary invention ever but yeah, it does make your codes look much more object oriented.
Next in the line is Collection class.
Collection
Think of collections as an upgrade to Fluent class. If you didn't notice yet the Fluent class is limited in many ways, It can operate 'Fluently' on single dimensional arrays only. Collection class removes all those limitations, so basically Collection is PHP arrays on steroids.
Lets get this straight, Collection is Object Oriented PHP Arrays. It doesn't bring anything new to the table except the Object Oriented Interface to work with ugly looking PHP arrays. You know PHP faces all kind of criticism for it's inconsistent functions and features, take array functions for example, if you want to filter an array you have function array_filter at your disposal. Syntax for array_filter is
array_filter ( $array , $callback );
which is all good for as long as you don't stumble across array_map function. Syntax for array_map is
array_map ( $callback , $array );
which is sort of inconsistent. There is a reason to why the argument list is inverted in array_map functions, it can take more than one array like array_map($callback, $array1, $array2, $array3) and apply callback on each of them. And if you supply the array at first and callback at second place then you would not be able to pass more than one array to it. This is one sensible reason but this is inconsistent nonetheless.
Collection class make all array functions available as a method on Collection object - in a consistent manner.
Take this for example
$collection = new Collection ( $records ); $collection -> implode ( ',' ); $collection -> first (); $collection -> last (); $collection -> lists ( 'first_name' ); // gives you an array of all first names $collection -> map ( $callback ); $collection -> filter ( $callback ); // ... and a lot more methods
Oh, and of course you are free to use the object as array since it implements ArrayAccess , ArrayIterator and IteratorAggregate interfaces. So you can do pretty much anything that can be done with a traditional PHP array. things like
foreach ( $collection as $element ) { //... get cozy here } $collection [ 'name' ] = 'Gufran' ; echo $collection [ 'status' ];
Laravel documentations do not cover Collection class but this is something you can (and should) explore yourself, just open up to Illuminate\Support\Collection class in your IDE.
Also, Jeffrey has covered the Collection class in this Laracast here. I highly recommend that you go ahead and watch it.
Moving on, the next part is the ClassLoader class
ClassLoader
The ClassLoader class is a simple utility you want to have right besides composer autoloader. There are situations when composer autoloading is an overkill or you simply don't want to leverage composer autoloading due to packaging problems, in such a case you can register the ClassLoader class to load classes from directories you specify.
You can register the class to manage autoloading by ClassLoader::register() method. At the top your index file, right after including the vendor/autoload.php file, call the method ClassLoader::register() like this
include 'vendor/autoload.php' ; \Illuminate\Support\ClassLoader :: register ();
After that you can add the directories you wish to autoload the classes from. So if I have directories Controllers , Models , and Libraries in my app directory I'd add them like this:
$dirPaths = array ( $controllersDir , $modelsDir , $librariesDir ); \Illuminate\Support\ClassLoader :: addDirectories ()
And this is pretty much all to the ClassLoader class. You can now place all class file into respective directories and have them autoloaded without worrying about composer . ClassLoader class expects PSR-4 namespacing scheme so make sure the directory structure matches the namespace.
Wrapping up
Finally, there are 2 more classes I wish to highlight, and those are Pluralizer and Str .
Pluralizer class is pretty simple. It provides methods Pluralizer::plural() and Pluralizer::singular() which converts between singular and plural forms of a word.
Str class is a relatively big and provides a lot of methods to operate on strings. You can do things like converting between cases, comparing strings, finding substrings and a lot more. Here is an example:
Str :: is ( 'Hello' , 'Hello' ); // Compare strings Str :: is ( '/there/i' , 'There' ); // Compare against a regex Str :: startsWith ( 'Hello world' , 'Hell' ); Str :: endsWith ( 'Hello world' , 'rld' ); Str :: contains ( 'Hello world' , 'lo wo' ); Str :: length ( 'this string is 33 characters long' ); Str :: limit ( $longString , 100 ); // Limit to 100 characters Str :: words ( $longString , 20 ); // Limit to 20 words
This is not everything to Str class, if you wish to find out more about methods available to Str then make sure you go through the codes yourself, the file is located at \Illuminate\Support\ClassLoader .
Have fun browsing through codes until the next blog post, which, hopefully, will be much more interesting and advanced.
To honor the 44th season of "Sesame Street," Jimmy Fallon and The Roots joined Big Bird, Elmo, Cookie Monster and others from the "Sesame Street" gang to squeeze into a "Late Night" dressing room and sing "Can You Tell Me How to Get to Sesame Street?"
And did Black Thought of The Roots offer up some rhymes about the "Sesame Street" characters? Yes, Black Thought of The Roots offered up some rhymes about the "Sesame Street" characters. And here they are:
"OK, you heard about, through word of mouth
Big Bird is out, he's in the house
He's turnin' up, with Snuffleup
They're really gettin' their hustle up
They stick together like Velcro
There Grover go, there's Elmo
And Cookie Monster there, look they likes
To take selfies with their cell phone
They got a homegirl named Abby
Them last name is Cadabby
I showed them my report card
They said, [Abby: Not too shabby!]
They got all types of cool kids there
It's lots of fun if you live there
One thing I keep forgettin' about Sesame Street...
How do you get there?"
Underscoring a significant shift in Canadian law, a 12-year-old transgender boy in Alberta has been granted a new birth certificate officiating their status as male.
The certificate was publicly presented to Wren Kauffman as part of an Edmonton pride brunch hosted by the city's mayor — the result of a complaint Wren filed with the Alberta Human Rights Commission based on the inability to amend their listed sex.
Before today, Alberta only allowed a person's sex to be switched legally if gender reassignment had been performed, an outdated practice that was also shot down by a local judge who ruled that doing so violates the rights of transgender people.
Similar human rights complaints have also been filed in four other provinces: Ontario, British Columbia, Saskatchewan and Manitoba, signifying a possible sweep in transgender rights victories across Canada.
Learn more about transgender children with Ryland's Story, in which parents of a 6-year-old trans child document their transition.
Follow another parent's stories of raising a gender non-conforming child on Queerty's series: Raising my Rainbow.
H/t: Global News
Updated to clarify the pride brunch was in Edmonton.
RadarScope: What Is a Radome and What Do They Do?
WeatherDecTech Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 25, 2017
Have you ever seen something that looks like a golf ball on stilts or maybe a huge soccer ball? If so, then you have seen a radome. But what is their purpose?
The word radome comes from the combination of radar and dome. They protect the radar inside from weather and the elements. In the image below, you can see a classic National Weather Service (NWS) radar and an inlaid photo of the radar dish inside. The dish rotates within the dome and elevates as it does in order to get a full image of the weather surrounding it. This is the data you see when you look at your RadarScope app.
Radomes are made of very light material, usually fiberglass. They are designed to not attenuate or disrupt the radar signal being transmitted. Occasionally, weather radars get hit by the storms they are trying to scan. Here, you can see what a severe thunderstorm can do to a radome when hit with very strong winds. Obviously, this makes the radar unusable while repairs are made and spare parts aren't easy to find.
These radomes are meant to withstand winds of up to 134 mph. However, when one encounters a strong cat 5 hurricane and sits at a higher elevation, a lot can go wrong. Flying debris, along with high winds, can totally destroy not only the radome but also the radar dish inside.
All NWS radars are currently going through the Service Life Extension Plan (SLEP) in order to keep them in working order as parts begin to wear down. It is unknown if that plan accounts for catastrophic failure. For now you can expect this radar to be down for a long time.
Occupy Albany members leave Albany City Court in Albany, N.Y. November 21, 2011 after their appearance. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) Occupy Albany members leave Albany City Court in Albany, N.Y. November 21, 2011 after their appearance. (Skip Dickstein / Times Union) Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Image 1 of / 18 Caption Close Soares makes good on their word 1 / 18 Back to Gallery
ALBANY -- With a band of Occupy Albany activists seated quietly behind them in the wooden pews of City Court, 12 protesters arrested during the first round of arrests in the state-owned half of a park across from the Capitol had their charges dismissed by the district attorney's office on Monday.
Albany County District Attorney David Soares followed through on a promise they made shortly after the local arm of the national Occupy movement began a month ago: that they would not prosecute the protesters as long as they remain peaceful.
"Due to the circumstances, we are declining to prosecute. There was no property damage or violence," Chief Assistant District Attorney David Rossi told Judge Thomas K. Keefe after charges of trespassing and disorderly conduct -- of which each arrested demonstrator was accused -- against the first protester to appear before the court, David Panza, were read just after 10:15 a.m.
Panza, a 21-year-old North Allen Street resident with ear-length dreadlocks, was one of 25 protesters arrested Nov. 12 for crossing from the city-owned Academy Park to the adjacent state-owned Lafayette Park after an 11 p.m. curfew.
Represented by several lawyers from the Occupy Albany legal team, the dozen protesters went before Keefe in succession. Rossi repeated the same language for the first seven protesters before shortening their address to Keefe to simply "we move to dismiss" for final five Occupy Albany defendants.
For the dismissals to be made official, Keefe said, lawyers for Occupy Albany must submit a motion to dismiss for each protester by Dec. 12.
"I'm relatively new to the process of declining to prosecute," Keefe told Rossi on Monday.
The remaining 13 protesters arrested Nov. 12 will appear before Keefe on Tuesday. According to State Police, a combined 123 demonstrators have been arrested in Lafayette Park past 11 p.m.
The arrests crested at 48 Saturday night and Sunday morning. Many of the protesters have been arrested multiple times. To free up court time, Keefe said that they hope to consolidate the charges against protesters who face violations from more than one arrest into a single court appearance.
"Putting people on for separate days for each of these arrests becomes a nightmare for our court," Keefe said.
More Information
By dismissing the charges against the protesters, Soares continued to defy Gov. Andrew Cuomo, who has stated publicly that they want the 11 p.m. curfew enforced. Cuomo has become the target of the Occupy Albany demonstrators, some of them fashioning signs dubbing Academy Park "Cuomoville" or "Cuomo Estates."
"I thought Gov. Cuomo would have seen the futility and folly in opposing this magnificent example of democracy," said Michael Rice, an 81-year-old Holocaust survivor who was arrested in Lafayette Park Saturday night.
While several volatile confrontations between police and protesters have emerged in larger Occupy sites across the country, the city of Albany has allowed the protesters to stay in the Academy Park since they pitched tents there on Oct. 21.
The relatively tranquil arrests in Albany began when protesters intentionally planted themselves in Lafayette Park after 11 p.m. on Nov. 12, challenging State Police to enforce Cuomo's demands. Many of the protesters say they may move away from the nightly routine of slighting the governor.
"I'm happy that the charges have been dropped, and rightfully so," said Nicole Higgins, a 27-year-old registered nurse who had their trespassing and disorderly conduct charges from the Nov. 12 Occupy Albany arrests dropped. "But now I think it might be best if we focus on other ways to get our message across."
Bradley Russell, the first protester to be arrested after they built a "freedom fort" in Lafayette Park, was one of roughly 20 demonstrators who were not scheduled to appear in court Monday but showed up to support their Occupy Albany comrades.
Russell was arrested in Lafayette Park on five different nights, each time for disorderly conduct and trespassing. Beginning Tuesday, Russell has appearance tickets for four separate court dates over the next week. Russell said they want the district attorney's office to prosecute them for their first arrest so that a legal precedent can be set for protesters settling in state-owned land across New York.
Mark Mishler, a member of the Occupy Albany legal team, was doubtful that Soares could be pushed to prosecute just one case.
"We can't really force the district attorney to do anything," Mishler said.
The district attorney's office did not comment Monday whether it would prosecute Russell for their first arrest.
Mishler stood with Occupy Albany members as they celebrated outside court after Monday's dismissals. The protesters chanted a swinging chorus of "Power to the People" as they left court together. While seated in the courtroom, Occupy Albany members raised their hands in the air and wiggled their fingers after each dismissal in a sign of solidarity.
After the charges against the final demonstrator were dismissed, Judge Keefe raised their hands and fluttered their fingers in concert with the activists, though the move appeared to be more in jest than support.
Reach Bryan Fitzgerald at 454-5414 or bfitzgerald@timesunion.com. On Twitter: @BFitzgeraldTU.
To make things worse, a lot of rape victims don't "act like rape victims." In one notorious case, an 18-year-old woman named Marie reported being raped by an intruder, and was disbelieved by the police and even their closest friends because of their odd behavior. They reported the rape with no emotion (Shouldn't they be hysterical?), they immediately called all their friends and talked about it (Shouldn't they hate reliving it?), they giggled and flirted the day after (Shouldn't they be traumatized?), and did many other "non-victimy" things. Marie ended up being publicly shamed in front of their counseling group for teens transitioning out of foster care, and prosecuted for false reporting, which they confessed to. Two years later, police in another state caught a serial rapist with photos of five rapes on their camera, including a picture of Marie, gagged and bound, with their driver's license on their chest. Oops!
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As if rape wasn't bad enough in itself, brain science has recently discovered that trauma can have the perverse effect of making you behave in such a way that people won't believe you about it.
The near-impossible demands on rape victims lead to ridiculous situations like the Bill Cosby case. Cosby stands accused of sexually assaulting about 60 women at this point, some of whom attempted to press charges solo at various times in the past, but were dismissed and paid little attention to until Hannibal Buress, a male comedian, brought it up years later. Their video clip became viral, "Bill Cosby and rape" became a hot topic, and when it became clear that people were taking it seriously, many former victims stood up and shared their stories. Only after the count had reached about 40 accusers did many people in the "This is just some greedy women" camp start to come around to thinking "There might be something to this." Which is great, but shows you how massive the credibility gap can be: It takes 40 women's statements to carry the same weight as one man's word.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And don't forget the overwhelming support for Roman Polanski by Hollywood celebrities, despite the fact they are still wanted in the U.S. for raping a 13-year-old girl. Over 100 Hollywood people signed a petition in support of him, including Martin Scorsese, Terry Gilliam, Tilda Swinton, and other people you may have less respect for now.
I just feel like unless you are a cop or a prosecutor or a claims adjuster, it shouldn't really be our main job to catch the few liars in a vast ocean of genuine victims. Or alternatively, we should be consistent and also grill everyone who claims to have been in a car accident.
An Australian country town, Bundanoon, has voted at a community hall meeting to overwhelmingly support a proposal that it become Australia's (if not the world's) first bottled water free town.
And the news seems to have spurred on the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) to announce a ban on bottled water from all state offices and agencies.
The idea was raised in an open letter to the town's community newspaper and immediately a working group of local residents from the New South Wales town of Bundanoon rallied around the concept. They developed the concept further, giving it the slogan of Bundy On Tap and approached local retail businesses and events to see if they would support the initiative.
A meeting of about 20 local businesses endorsed the project, even though about half of them, as beverage retailers stood to lose income from the venture. But they magnanimously recognised the environmental impact of bottled water, and felt, on balance, the benefit to the community outweighed the sales profit.
At a town meeting on Wednesday 8 July 09 an estimated 400 local people (from a town of about 2,500) filled the community hall, and after a discussion on the pros and cons of the venture, they voted wholeheartedly for the proposal. It is understood there were 1 to 2 persons not in favour.
This is community spirit at its most engaged. A town's people making their own decisions, and taking localised action on environmental issues, without waiting for outside external forces to do the work for them.
Implementation of a Bottle Water Free Town
So how will the proposal work in practice? Well, the town's retail businesses that previously sold single-use, bottled still water will no longer stock this product in their drinks fridges. (sparkling water, fruit juices, etc, are not effected because they are not available via the municipal water system.) Shops will alternatively make available for sale affordable, reusable, refillable water bottles. Some are even considering the option of in-store chilled water filters, so customers can access filtered water for their reusable bottles.
Additionally, with the assistance of the Bottled Water Alliance, a campaign of the activist organisation Do Something, the town will partner with Street Furniture Australia and Culligan Water to install three filtered water ‘bubblers' or water stations. Two for the town and another for the town's primary school. The water stations will be prominently sign-posted, and will also incorporate taps that can be used for refilling bottles. It is anticipated that most of these endeavours will be realised by October 2009, making Bundanoon effectively Australia's first Bottled Water Free Town.
As news broke in newspapers on the morning of Bundanoon's pending vote, media interest became intense. We understand that almost 80 interviews were given during the day and not just to Australian media, although three of the major TV stations immediately sent crews to cover the news. International media from the UK , New Zealand, the USA and even Japan picked up on the story. Obviously bottled water is an issue that captures hearts and minds. And can polarise opinion. (see the comments that accompany the many stories -- some listed below -- we've previously covered on bottled water.)
Environmental Impact of Bottled Water
In information compiled by the town's Bundy On Tap campaign, they note that
Australia's annual consumption of bottled water is about 540 million litres. To sell this much bottled water the industry uses approximately 1 billion litres of water each year. In environmental terms the production and distribution of this volume of bottled water created more than 60,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions, equivalent to the emissions 13,000 cars generate in one year.
The NSW Department of Environment and Climate Change estimates that 200ml of oil is used to produce, package, transport and refrigerate each litre bottle of bottled water. As a result, at least 50 million litres of oil is used in the manufacture and distribution of bottled water in Australia every year. Thus bottled water has a higher carbon footprint, that is more than 300 times greater per litre than tap water.
A comprehensive American study found the total energy required for bottled water production was as much as 2,000 times the energy cost of producing tapwater. Much of that energy, in the form of plastic created from limited oil reserves, is squandered as up to 65% of single use bottles used for commercial bottled water in Australia are not recycled, finding their way into landfill or waterways.
Yet bottled water costs 500 times more that the water readily available from municipally provided taps. In many cases, it is, in fact, the same water. Many millions of litres of bottled water sold in Australia is sourced from municipal water. Nor is bottled water necessarily any more safe. In Australia bacteria, chemical disinfectants and aluminium have been found in bottled water samples.
State Government Endorsement
Not long after the news of Bundanoon's Bundy on Tap project was unveiled, such startling figures were also being quoted by the NSW State Premier, Nathan Rees, who announced a statewide ban on the provision of bottled water through all state run buildings and agencies.
UPDATE - New Website added showing the international media interest in a story about a bottled water ban
::Bundy On Tap
Top Image: Bundy On Tap Working Group / Karen Gray
Photos: Warren McLaren / INOV8
Disclosure: This writer is resident in Bundanoon, is involved in the working group that developed the proposal that was voted on, and is a personal friend of the idea's original proponent. However due to other commitments was not in attendance at the town meeting.
More Bottled Water
• Tears of a Cloud: A Bottled Water Video Spoof
• City of Seattle Gives Bottled Water the Boot
• San Francisco Mayor Bans the Bottle
• Venice, Italy, Rebrands Tap Water As Aqua Veritas to Fight Bottled Water Waste
• Bottled Water Scourge Countered by Council's Free Filtered Water
• Greenland Wants To Bottle Iceberg Water
• Enjoy Bottled Water with the Competitive Enterprise Institute
• Bottled Water Launches Latest Eco-Friendly Packaging
• How To Promote Tap Water, Tokyo Style
• Save $1,400 a Year By Drinking Tap Water
• The Carbon Footprint of Moving Bottled Water
• A World of Reasons to Ditch Bottled Water
• Think Bottled Water is Bad, Could Bottle Orange Juice Be Even Worse?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Surveillance cameras in Cooper Young are being thanked for helping put dangerous criminals behind bars.
A city grant put the cameras in the neighborhood after the typically-safe area saw an increase in violent crime.
Courtney Oliver says a night on their porch with a friend this week quickly turned for the worst when two men approached them.
“One of them had a bandanna around their face, the other had a gun, a large gun, I don't know what kind of gun, but they cocked it and they asked for all of our things," said Oliver.
They say it was the first time something like that has happened to them in their Cooper Young neighborhood.
“When our first instinct was to [raise our hands], when they demanded to have our stuff and when we didn't give it to them right away, they kept saying, ‘Shoot them in the face,'" said Oliver.
The men got away with their purses, phones and iPads and disappeared, but little did they know, they were still being watched.
A camera in the neighborhood showed them take off down East Parkway in a car and it helped police arrest Antoneio Dorse, 18, for the robbery.
Jason Whitworth with Cooper Young Neighborhood Watch says cameras installed in the neighborhood from a grant last year are making a huge impact.
“We're excited now because we're starting to produce results," said Whitworth.
Suspects have been caught on camera in the last two armed robberies in the neighborhood.
Whitworth says he's noticed the rash of people getting robbed while walking home from the restaurants go down as well.
They say they're in the process of applying for more grants to double the number of cameras they have in Cooper Young.
Recently, Chris Budnick, the CEO of Vanguard Plastics in Southington, Connecticut, needed a new employee for their 30-person factory to help with the 24-hour schedule. They could have done what managers and CEOs have done for decades: post a job ad, sort through hundreds of resumes, interview dozens of potential candidates, conduct second or third interviews and pay for background checks, then offer a wage of $9-$15 an hour and plus health benefits, a profit-sharing program, and more.
Instead, Budnick hired someone else – or something else. Their name is Baxter, a humanoid robot from Rethink Robotics.
Baxter is about the same height as a job candidate but wouldn't hold up so well in a job interview. For one, they don't talk and they don't have legs. But these shortcomings don't really matter to employers, because Baxter's a hard worker – they can work 24-hour shifts, seven days a week, and never get tired. They also don't need to eat, sleep or take smoke breaks. When they get “sick,” they can usually be fixed with a reboot or a screwdriver.
RELATED: The Rise of Robots – and Decline of Jobs – Is Here
Baxter also seems to, well, like their job. They look at you with big oval eyes and raised eyebrows as if to say, “Give me work! I'm ready!” and a cylinder above their eyes flashes green to confirm it. When you show them what to do, they move their arms steadily and precisely to complete the job, never taking their eyes off the task.
Watching them is almost meditative – they seem so content with what he's doing. The only time they don't seem happy is when something goes awry – the object they were supposed to pick up wasn't there, or the place you told them to put it is out of range – and then one of their eyebrows droops and the other rises for a look of utter confusion. No one likes to see Baxter this way.
Baxter is, in a sense, the perfect employee. The best part, for Chris Budnick, at least, is that even if Baxter doesn't meet job expectations, he'd be a very inexpensive mistake. They cost only $22,000 – or $27,000 with a three-year warranty – essentially working out to just $9,000 a year, or $1.50 an hour if Baxter works the 120-hour weeks Budnick has assigned them to. Compare that to $46,000 a year for a regular employee who works 40 hours a week. The math is simple. Why wouldn't Budnick hire Baxter?
MANUFACTURING'S LAST MILE
Hundreds of small to mid-size manufacturers around the country are asking the same question, and many put in their order for Baxter as soon as they came onto the market last fall. “We're sold out of our production capacity through April,” says Scott Eckert, CEO of Rethink Robotics.
Experts believe Baxter and others like them will completely change manufacturing as we know it.
“It's getting to the last part of manufacturing, which is the final assembly – the part that takes a lot of dexterity and hand-eye coordination, which has so far have been the more protected job that couldn't be done by heavy, industrial strength robots,” says Martin Ford, robotics expert and author of The Lights In the Tunnel: Automation, Accelerating Technology and the Economy of the Future. “Now robots are moving into that last mile and doing assembly-level work.” And Baxter 2.0 or 3.0 could completely upend other industries as well – a fast food Baxter could flip burgers, a Gap Baxter could fold t-shirts, or a Walmart Baxter could greet customers – all service jobs that employ 20 percent of American workers.
What makes Baxter different from every other robot before him? Three things:
(1) Baxter can work side by side with humans. Other factory machines tend to be behind cages. They would seriously injure human workers if they got too close. But Baxter can sense when a human is near. Stand in Baxter's way and their arm might gently bump you – but then he'll stop.
(2) It takes 10 to 15 minutes to train Baxter to do a new task. “Anyone with a high school degree can do it,” says Eckert. A trainer simply takes Baxter's arm and moves it to where they should pick up and put down an object. If there are multiple objects, Baxter can take a 3D image of each with the cameras in their wrists to distinguish them. Want to repurpose Baxter for another area of the factory? There's no high-level engineer needed to reprogram him. A few minutes – and Baxter's at work.
(3) He's cheap – he's half the price of the cheapest industrial robots on the market, which typically range from $50,000 to $200,000.
A PERFECT FIT
There are about 300,000 small-to-medium manufacturers in the U.S. that Baxter would be perfect for – plastics factories like Vanguard, metal parts manufacturing, and consumer goods packaging, Eckert says. A lot of these manufacturers tend to make multiple items, or fill custom-made orders, and need a machine that can easily be reprogrammed to do different tasks.
Eckert believes technology like Baxter will help manufacturers start businesses in the U.S. instead of overseas, help other factories return to the U.S., and keep current ones here. “By getting more productivity out of people through technology and robots like Baxter, U.S. businesses are competing successfully with China and low-labor cost regions,” Eckert says. “The benefit for the economy is you keep companies like Vanguard Plastics and their employees here. That's the approach we've been pursuing.”
Budnick has seen factory after factory leave Connecticut due to the tough business climate: The state is known for its high corporate taxes, strict regulations, and pricey electrical rates. Budnick believes Baxter will help the company survive. “The cost of doing business in Connecticut is nuts,” says Budnick. “We're a family-run business and we want to stay here, but there have been no new plastic injection molding companies in the state for at least the last five years, and companies like ours moved long ago. Baxter will help us exist in this environment.”
Martin Ford argues that the team at Rethink is being “careful on how they spin it” and doesn't want people to think of Baxter as a human replacement. “They want to position [Baxter] as a non-threatening robot that works next to people. But you can't get away from the fact that if you're working next to a robot [today], before that you would've been working next to another person,” says Ford.
Ford agrees with Eckert that Baxter will help manufacturers come back to the U.S., but says “the jobs aren't coming with it.”
A JOBLESS BOOM
Apple set off a media frenzy late last year when it announced it was moving part of its manufacturing operations back to the U.S. from China. Many applauded the move, but Apple also announced they'd only be bringing 200 jobs with it – a miniscule drop in the bucket compared to the 618,365 employees GM once employed in 1979. Since 2000, the U.S. has shed nearly 6 million factory jobs, almost a third of the entire manufacturing industry.
Manufacturing profits, on the other hand, are booming. The industry has not only recovered from the recession, but profits are up 35 percent since before the recession in 2006. The trend is also happening globally. According to a 2012 McKinsey report, manufacturing contributed 20 percent of the growth in global economic output between 2000 and 2010, but advanced nations have lost 24 percent of their manufacturing workforce.
The few manufacturing jobs that are coming back tend to be higher-skilled jobs in engineering, design and sales. In fact, despite the loss of jobs and high unemployment, many employers have complained that they can't fill their job openings. The National Association of Manufacturers estimates there are 600,000 jobs available that employers are struggling to fill.
While many credit the shortage to a skills mismatch, others say manufacturing has an image problem. Why invest in training and education for a job that may soon be outsourced or replaced by a machine? “Despite our high unemployment, people don't go into manufacturing,” says Eckert. “The average personufacturing worker is 50 today. Manufacturers are trying to hold on to their workers and get as much productivity out of them as they can.”
Wages for higher-skilled jobs also aren't competitive with those in other industries. Though entry-level manufacturing jobs now require more education and training, the pay has remained stagnant. At a metal manufacturer outside Milwaukee, a worker with an associate degree starts at about $15 an hour, which is a far cry from union wages offered before the recession. According to the BLS, the average hourly earnings for manufacturing workers are back to where they were in 2000.
THE ROLE OF HUMANS
When 52-year-old Rafaela Ventura, a veteran factory worker at Vanguard Plastics, first met Baxter, they found them to be “interesting.” Rethink brought them to the plant to see how they could handle some of the tasks, and while it was at first strange to see a robot do the same work they and their co-workers did, in the end they say she's happy to have them on the team. “I'm glad because we can work on something else. It'll give people a break from the [assembly line]. I'd rather have Baxter do it.”
Eckert says Ventura's attitude is not uncommon. Many current factory workers look forward to learning more skills and moving up the ranks, leaving tedious assembly-line work to a machine. Chris Harbert, a sales manager at Rethink Robotics, sees Baxter as empowering workers. “Humans aren't built to do repetitive motions over and over again,” they say. “They're built to think creatively.” But when Ventura was asked if she's worried about Baxter replacing her, their tone changed. They hesitated for a moment. “Yes, if they bring in more Baxters, maybe some people will lose their jobs, even me. But right now I don't know. I try not to think about it.”
Budnick says they do hope to purchase more Baxters for the factory if all goes well with Baxter #1. For Ventura and others to keep their jobs, they're going to have to learn how to manage a row of Baxters on an assembly line, or maybe even repair Baxter if anything goes wrong – something that may require engineering or computer science training.
“As a society, we have an obligation to educate the kids who are in school now and retrain people already in the workforce, so they can contribute effectively to the new economy,” says Seth Teller, a robotics researcher at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab. “To just do technical innovation and not have massive resources going to improving skills is a mistake, and it's a mistake that we seem to be making now.”
Who might the teachers of the future be? Ask Baxter.
TORONTO, Dec. 12, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- MPX Bioceutical Corporation (the “Company” or “MPX”) (CSE:MPX) (OTC:MPXEF) today announced that the Company, through its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, S8 Management, LLC (“S8 Management”), is entering into a management agreement (the “Management Agreement”) with LMS Wellness, Benefit LLC (“LMS”) which will result in MPX building and managing a full service medical cannabis dispensary in the White Marsh suburb of Baltimore, Maryland. The Management Agreement provides for, amongst other things, that S8 Management will provide all management services typically required by a dispensary facility of similar type and size, including but not limited to, all staffing, materials, equipment, logistical support, accounting and other administrative functions, contractor selection, advisory services and any other requirements essential to the successful operation of LMS. MPX will support the dispensary through a US$5 million credit facility through S8 Management.
In addition to managing the facility, MPX, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, CGX Life Sciences, Inc. (“CGX”) has purchased an option to acquire a 91.27951% interest in LMS at an exercise price of US$1.00 for an option period of two (2) years. CGX may not exercise the option until ninety (90) days following the award by the Natalie M. LaPrade Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission (the “Commission”) of a license authorizing or permitting LMS to dispense medical cannabis in the State of Maryland in Senatorial District 8 (the “Final Dispensary License”) and the issuance to CGX of the 91.27951% membership interests of LMS is subject to the approval of the Commission. To acquire the option, CGX is paying LMS an option premium of US$1,233,808.68 and agreeing to pay certain expenses of LMS in the aggregate amount of US$118,826.99. The option premium will be used by LMS to redeem the issued and outstanding membership interests in LMS of all of the members of LMS other than William Huber (“Huber”). Additionally, MPX will assume existing debts of LMS in the amount of US$1,332,118.65.
Concurrently, CGX, is entering into an option agreement with Huber to acquire 100% of Huber's membership interest in LMS for an exercise price of US$117,873.32 for an option period of two (2) years which brings the total potential cost of the transaction to US$2,802,627.64.
Once again, CGX may not exercise the option until ninety (90) days following the award by the Commission of the Final Dispensary License and the acquisition of Huber's membership interest by CGX is subject to the approval of the Commission.
“Expanding our presence into Maryland is another important milestone in our aggressive U.S. growth strategy,” stated W. Scott Boyes, Chairman, President and CEO. “With only a very limited number of licenses permitted, the LMS transaction gives us an important first-mover advantage in a populous, affluent marketplace. The dispensary is largely complete and upon completion of Phase 2 licensing approval for LMS and final inspection of the dispensary, we expect the facility to open its doors and to commence selling cannabis-based medicines to Maryland patients early in calendar 2018.”
Total consideration for the transaction is CAD$3,581,690.20 (US$2,807,627.34) based on The Bank of Canada daily exchange rate on December 6, 2017 of 1.2757 United States dollars for each one (1) Canadian dollar, and was determined as a result of arm's length negotiation between MPX, LMS and Huber. MPX performed due diligence customary with a transaction of this type, and in addition, the option agreements contain representations and warranties with respect to the capitalization, ownership and title of the membership interests of LMS.
Beth Stavola, COO of MPX, added, “LMS is the first step of a much larger footprint that MPX expects to make within the Maryland medical cannabis landscape. With a well-defined regulatory structure, a competitively attractive marketplace, a rapidly growing patient count invigorated by wide acceptance from the medical community and a population size comparable to that of Arizona, we see the market opportunity for medical cannabis in Maryland quickly rivaling the size and success of that in Arizona.”
Cannabis Market in Maryland
In 2012, a state law was enacted in Maryland to establish a state-regulated medical marijuana program. Legislation was signed in May of 2013 and the program became operational on December 1, 2017.
The legislation restricts cannabis distribution in Maryland to academic medical centers, which will monitor patients. By September 2016, Maryland state officials were considering more than 800 applications for prospective dispensaries. Under Maryland regulations, there is a cap of 102 dispensary licenses (only 10 of which are currently operating), limited to two per state Senate district. Further the Commission has only awarded 15 preliminary licenses to grow medical marijuana (out of a pool of almost 150 applicants) and a further 15 licenses to process medical marijuana into pills, oils and other medical products.
With over 8,500 patients currently certified for use of medical marijuana (over 12,000 signed up to become eligible) and over 550 medical practitioners registered to certify patients as eligible, the market in Maryland is expected to be worth US$221 million by 2021 (Source: New Frontier).
About MPX Bioceutical Corporation
MPX, an Ontario corporation, through its wholly owned subsidiaries in the U.S., provides substantial management, staffing, procurement, advisory, financial, real estate rental, logistics and administrative services to two medicinal cannabis enterprises in Arizona operating under the Health for Life (dispensaries) and the award-winning Melting Point Extracts (high-margin concentrates wholesale) brands. The successful Health for Life brand operates in the rapidly growing Phoenix Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The recently acquired GreenMart of Nevada NLV, LLC (“GreenMart”) is an award winning licensed cultivation, production and wholesale business, licensed for both the medical and “adult use” sectors in Las Vegas, Nevada, and is already selling wholesale into the Nevada medical cannabis market. GreenMart has also optioned suitable locations and intends to enter the higher-margin retail arena by applying for at least two dispensary licenses in the Las Vegas market which will operate under the “Health for Life” brand.
The Company owns assets in Massachusetts supporting cultivation, production and up to three dispensaries there, and with the closing of this most recent transaction, MPX has added the management of a full service dispensary in Maryland.
MPX continues to expand its U.S. footprint, and is in the process of acquiring management companies that provide operational and other services to two further dispensaries and one production license in Maryland. The Company also leases a property in Owen Sound, Ontario, for which an application to Health Canada has been made for a cannabis production and sales license. In addition, the Company will continue its efforts to develop its legacy nutraceuticals business.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This news release includes certain “forward-looking statements” under applicable Canadian securities legislation that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results, performance, prospects, and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this news release include, but are not limited to, MPX's objectives and intentions. Forward-looking statements are necessarily based on a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable, are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: general business, economic and social uncertainties; litigation, legislative, environmental and other judicial, regulatory, political and competitive developments; delay or failure to receive board, shareholder or regulatory approvals; those additional risks set out in MPX's public documents filed on SEDAR at www.sedar.com; and other matters discussed in this news release. Although MPX believes that the assumptions and factors used in preparing the forward-looking statements are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on these statements, which only apply as of the date of this news release, and no assurance can be given that such events will occur in the disclosed time frames or at all. Except where required by law, MPX disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
MPX Bioceutical Corporation (formerly The Canadian Bioceutical Corporation)
W. Scott Boyes, Chairman, President and CEO
For further information, please contact:
MPX Bioceutical Corporation (formerly The Canadian Bioceutical Corporation)
W. Scott Boyes, Chairman, President and CEO
info@mpxbioceutical.com
www.mpxbioceutical.com
Justin Canivet
NATIONAL Equicom
T: +1-416-586-1942
jcanivet@national.ca
By , 7
SAN JOSE, Calif.  Intel will show progress in research efforts to deliver more power efficient processors and digital RF capabilities at the International Solid State Circuits Conference. It will also give one of the first in-depthof a next-generation Ivy Bridge processor.will play host to more than 200 papers on novel developments in chip design from around the world. The papers span the gamut from advances inand more. In addition, top research groups includingandwill talk about their latest work.For its part, the worlds the largest semiconductor company will present more than a dozen papers, many of them detailing research work using its new 22 nm tri-gate process technology. Creating more power efficient products is a focus for many of the ISSCC papers from Intel and from ISSCC as a whole.In a handful of mainly research papers, Intel will describe techniques to deliver five- to ten-fold power efficiency gains by driving circuits to perform at near threshold voltage levels.Energy efficiency peaks as you approach threshold voltage, said Justin Rattner, chief technology officer for Intel in an ISSCC briefing. Taking systems to very low voltage but not putting them in standby allows meaningful operation, they said.Intel demoed at its own IDF Fall event last year its Claremont processor, a research chip running at such low voltages it could actually be powered up by a tiny handheld solar cell. Intel doesnt aim to build solar-powered CPUs, quipped Rattner, but it does aim to explore how low it can go in getting work out of chips at the lowest power levels.At ISSCC, Intel will give an in-depth discussion of the Claremont chip (paper 3.6). It will also describe an effort (paper 13.3) using similar techniques for a bank of 22 nm eight-transistor SRAMs used as a CPU cacheAnother paper (10.1) will detail a 256-bit wide SIMD graphics block made in a 22 nm process operating at 280 millivolts for a nine-fold efficiency gain. Due to using a ground up design we got close to order of magnitude improve in energy efficiency, something thats almost unheard of, Rattner said.A related paper (10.3) will discuss a floating point unit that saves 50 percent energy by reducing precision from 24- down to six significant digits without loss of accuracy.Separately, Intel will present a handful of papers on advances in digital processing in RF, focused mainly on work in 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi.We are getting close to having a complete kit of digital RF building blocks for radios, said Rattner. The next step in research is to integrate these blocks on SoCs with digital logic circuits, they said.In one paper (3.4) Intel will describe Rosepoint, a research chip that embeds a full 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi transceiver using digital RF techniques in a dual-core 32 nm Atom processor. Commercial versions of such chips could emerge by mid-decade, Rattner said, likely first appearing as standalone digital RF transceivers.The Atom prototype includes a digital 2.4 GHz RF transmitter Intel will describe in a separate paper (9.4). Its not just the power amp which is part of this design, but also a digital phase modulator for Wi-Fi that uses two digital signals in phase to provide OFDM modulation, they said.We can now build a Wi-Fi radio and hopefully in the not too distant future a cellular radio to make digital RF practical for SoCs, they added.You may have seen baseband MACs integrated [in mobile applications processors] but RF integration is very rare to non-existent [in commercial chips] and full digital integration has yet to come to any of these products--many of these blocks are the first of their ilk, Rattner said.Intels research group already has transferred individual circuit blocks such as low noise power amps, ADCs, switching power amps and other blocks to its product teams.I think we have covered the big blocks, but there is certainly work to do in interfaces, Rattner said. The challenge is to do enough risk reduction, they said.Almost all these designs have second- or third-generation versions now in the labs, they said.
The Palestinian security services in recent weeks uncovered a Hamas cell in Hebron planning terror attacks against Israel including shootings and kidnappings, senior Palestinian officials told the Times of Israel.
The first arrests were made by Palestinian intelligence units several weeks ago and since then there have a number of further arrests of Hamas operatives in the West Bank city.
Israeli sources confirmed the arrests.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Hebron cell was operated by the terror group's so-called West Bank bureau, which is situated in Gaza but overseen by Hamas operatives originally from the West Bank and deported to Gaza as part of the prisoner exchange for captured IDF soldier Gilad Shalit in 2011.
The bureau is headed by Abd el-Rahman Ghanimat and Mazen Fuqha.
Ghanimat was formerly a member of the notorious “Surif squad” — a terrorist cell headed by Ibrahim Ghanimat responsible for a series of attacks against Israelis in the 1990s.
Abd el-Rahman Ghanimat was serving five life sentences when they were released under the Shalit deal.
Since the first arrests were made, Hamas media outlets have reported that Palestinian Authority security forces have each week arrested a few activists who identify with Hamas. In one incident a Hamas-affiliated student and member of the student union of the Palestine Polytechnic University Was arrested at the entrance to the campus.
The West Bank bureau is thought to be responsible for all Hamas attacks in the West Bank, with a number of cells aside from the Hebron group raided by PA security.
Saleh al-Arouri, a top Hamas commander exiled to Turkey and now living in Qatar, has directed several attempts to carry out attacks and is even pushing for the establishment of an infrastructure to carry out suicide bombings. The recent discovery of a bomb-making factory in the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Abu Dis is just one example of these efforts.
The group has also been accused of using Palestinian residents of Gaza who hold permits entitling them to travel to the non contiguous West Bank as couriers to transfer money to fund attacks.
Though Arouri has left Istanbul, Israeli defense officials say a Hamas presence in the city similar to the West Bank Bureau continues to direct attacks against Israelis.
In February, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said Turkey was allowing them to continue operating, and said it could hold up any possible detente between Jerusalem and Ankara.
“The Turks support Hamas, and this needs to be discussed,” they said. “I am not sure that it will be possible to reach an arrangement of relations with Turkey.”
(Windows was released on November 20, 1985, twenty-five years ago tomorrow. Happy birthday!)
You have GetWindowsDirectory and you have GetSystemDirectory . Why do we need both? They're both read-only directories. They are both searched by LoadLibrary . They seem to be redundant. (There are other directories like GetWindowsSystemDirectory which are not relevant to the discussion.)
Back in the old days, the distinction was important. The Windows directory was read-write, and it's where user configuration settings were kept. See for example, GetProfileInt , which reads from WIN.INI in the Windows directory, and GetPrivateProfileInt , which defaults to the Windows directory if you don't give a full path to the configuration file. This was in the days before user profiles; the Windows directory acted as your de facto user profile directory.
Meanwhile, the bulk of the Windows files go into the System directory. Windows was designed so that it never wrote to the System directory (at least not during normal operation, outside of application install/uninstall or other system maintenance).
This separation of duties (Windows directory: writeable, users store their stuff there; System directory: read-only) permitted a number of configurations.
Traditional Each computer had a Windows directory and a System directory on a local drive (either a floppy disk, or if you were rich, a hard drive), and the System directory was a subdirectory of the Windows directory. This was how most people ran Windows. Even though the System directory was physically read-write on the local drive, Windows itself never wrote to it. ROM-based Each computer had a Windows directory on a local drive, but the System directory was on a ROM-drive. As you might guess, a ROM-drive is like a RAM-drive, except it's in ROM. In the parlance of kids today, "Think of it as a permanently write-protected SSD." That's right, Windows was using SSDs over 25 years ago. ("You kids think you invented everything.") Once you burned the System directory into a ROM-drive, you didn't have to waste valuable floppy disk or hard drive space for all those files that never changed anyway. Network-based Each computer came with just a Windows directory, but it also had network drivers (wow, fancy, a computer that could communicate with other computers), and the AUTOEXEC.BAT file mapped a drive letter to a network share maintained by your company's IT department. That network share might be set up like this: M:\SYSTEM System directory files M:\WINWORD Word for Windows installed here M:\123 Lotus 1-2-3 installed here ... etc All directories on that network share were read-only. Everybody in the company connected to the same share, so every computer in the company was using the same physical files for their System directory as well as their applications. If the IT department wanted to upgrade or install software, they could just kick everybody off the server (or, if they were nice, wait until everybody logged off), mount the M: volume read-write, upgrade or install the software, and then set M: back to read-only. When everybody logged back on, bingo, the new software was installed and ready to use. Fully network-based The computer boots off a ROM, a floppy disk, the local hard drive, or off the network. A drive letter is mapped to a network server, which contains both the Windows directory (a different one for each user) and the System directory. Windows then runs completely over the network. User files are stored in the Windows directory (on the server); system files are retrieved from the System directory (also on the server). This was commonly known as a diskless workstation because local drives are not used once Windows has booted. Even paging took place over the network.
Given all the possible arrangements, you can see that there was no requirement that the System directory be a subdirectory of the Windows directory, nor was there a requirement that either the Windows or the System directory be on your boot drive.
I suspect many (most?) of these configurations are no longer supported by Windows, but at least that's the history behind the separation of the Windows and System directories.
San Diego State University unveiled a redevelopment plan Tuesday to buy the city's Qualcomm Stadium site and turn it into an academic village with housing, research facilities, parks, a hotel and commercial space plus a new Aztec stadium of 35,000 to 40,000 seats.
The two-page outline was attached to a letter to Mayor Kevin Faulconer and the City Council. It also figured into council debate on whether to declare Qualcomm surplus property and pursue an alternative to the SoccerCity ballot initiative headed toward a citywide ballot next year.
Much like the SoccerCity proposal by La Jolla-based FS Investors, the SDSU plan would result in a “mixed-use development of medium density that is transit oriented.” The $4 billion, privately financed plan by FS proposes 4,800 housing units, 3.1 million square feet of commercial space, two hotels and 56 acres of parkland plus a professional soccer stadium of 22,000 seats.
Campus spokesperson Gina Jacobs, who addressed the council, said after the meeting that details will come later and that no private developer is in partnership with the university, although public-private partnerships would be formed to carry out the plan if it is adopted.
“We stand ready and willing to lead this effort in partnership with the city of San Diego in order to best address both SDSU's needs and the city's objectives,” they told the council.
They also said the university has reopened discussions within the last two weeks with Faulconer's office now that they have a new chief of staff.
SoccerCity spokesperson Nick Stone said it was “gratifying” that SDSU and their group's plan were “so incredibly closely aligned.” But they said the FS plan requires no taxpayer spending and can be financed and carried out immediately if voters approve it.
“We'd welcome a re-opening of dialogue with SDSU on how we can deliver to San Diego what appears to be largely a shared vision for the Qualcomm site,” Stone said.
One of the key issues under discussion between the city and university is extending the Aztecs' football contract at Qualcomm for two years through the 2020 season.
“Finding a solution for SDSU's future needs remains an important part of any discussion related to the stadium site,” said mayoral spokesperson Craig Gustafson.
The council discussion came a day after SoccerCity's sponsors asked Major League Soccer to delay awarding two final franchises for expansion teams until the city votes. MLS plans to award two franchises this year but has not yet said when it will award two more.
The council debated what it could do to make the land available to SDSU in light of the SoccerCity initiative and decided to send the matter to Councilman Scott Sherman's smart growth and land use committee. They voted against the motion but is required to schedule committee discussion within the next four months.
The SDSU and SoccerCity plans resemble one another. Both are sports-related, offer housing and commercial uses and turn the Qualcomm parking lot into a revenue producer for the city.
Both would replace 50-year-old Qualcomm with a new stadium that could be shared with other sports. However, SoccerCity's plan to expand to accommodate the Aztecs has been rejected by SDSU as too expensive. SDSU says its stadium could be expanded for the NFL.
SoccerCity proposes to buy up to 80 acres of the Qualcomm site and lease the rest. Tom McCarron, SDSU's chief financial officer, said in the three-page letter that the city could sell the land to the university and declare that “some or all of the land is required for public purposes such as higher education.”
That approach would presumably sidestep the state surplus land act that requires such land be first offered for affordable housing.
The key points in the “SDSU Vision for Mission Valley” position paper include:
Stadium: The “multiuse stadium” could be expanded for a “potential NFL partner.” It would have “adjacent and convenient parking” and offer a design that “provides an intimate fan experience, premium seating, access to technology, community gathering areas, recreation fields and local foods and beverages.”
The “multiuse stadium” could be expanded for a “potential NFL partner.” It would have “adjacent and convenient parking” and offer a design that “provides an intimate fan experience, premium seating, access to technology, community gathering areas, recreation fields and local foods and beverages.” River Park: Just as SoccerCity has proposed, SDSU would include a park along the San Diego River “for recreational and potential educational uses with green space and walking paths.”
Just as SoccerCity has proposed, SDSU would include a park along the San Diego River “for recreational and potential educational uses with green space and walking paths.” Affordable and market-rate housing: SDSU would focus its housing on upper-division and graduate students, faculty and staff. “Over time, additional units may support general housing demand.”
SDSU would focus its housing on upper-division and graduate students, faculty and staff. “Over time, additional units may support general housing demand.” Commercial and office use: Outside builders would develop space for commercial tenants “and over time ownership/occupancy will revert to SDSU for educational and workforce training to benefit the region in perpetuity.” University functions could include research and faculty office space, “interdisciplinary academic teams studying climate and sustainability, water scarcity and other critical topics.”
Outside builders would develop space for commercial tenants “and over time ownership/occupancy will revert to SDSU for educational and workforce training to benefit the region in perpetuity.” University functions could include research and faculty office space, “interdisciplinary academic teams studying climate and sustainability, water scarcity and other critical topics.” Complementary retail: Restaurants and retail spaces would serve residents and businesses, while, like SoccerCity, “creating an exciting college game-day experience” for teams using the new stadium.
Restaurants and retail spaces would serve residents and businesses, while, like SoccerCity, “creating an exciting college game-day experience” for teams using the new stadium. Hotel: Besides hosting campus visitors and supporting stadium-related events, the hotel would serve as a “professional incubator” for students at SDSU's school of hospitality and tourism managment.
The plan did not say how SDSU would finance the development or estimate how much it would cost.
Former City Manager Jack McGrory, who sits on the university's Campanile Foundation support board and has been advising SDSU on various development options, said many of the aspects in SoccerCity would be the same in the SDSU plan.
The river park would cover 50 to 60 acres and the number of housing units might be about the same. The city would earn property taxes from much of the development that is not strictly educational. And the university would pay fair market value for the land it buys or leases from the city; the latest appraisal set the value at $82 million for the Qualcomm land.
EU seeks March start for backloading
Reuters
The European Commission has proposed fast-tracking a plan to prop up carbon prices in the EU's Emissions Trading Scheme after member states on Wednesday agreed to a withdrawal of as many as 400 million permits this year.
Member state officials approved rules governing how and when 900 million carbon permits can be withdrawn over the next three years under the Commission's so-called backloading plan, the 28-nation bloc's executive said on its website.
Traders are closely monitoring when the supply cut will begin, as analysts predict backloading will double carbon prices currently languishing near record lows below 5 euros.
The rules agreed on Wednesday had been widely anticipated, but the decision leaves uncertainty over how many permits can be withdrawn from government auctions this year, because that figure depends on when the law is formally adopted.
This uncertainty meant the market was underwhelmed by the news, leading the benchmark EU carbon contract CFI2Zc1 to close down 11 cents at 4.65 euros.
“If the auction calendars can still be adapted by end-March, a total of 400 million allowances will be backloaded for 2014. This amount will be reduced to 300 million if backloading is initiated in April, May or June,” the Commission said.
The Commission proposed backloading in 2011 to lift carbon prices to levels that would prompt companies to cut their greenhouse gas emissions, but the measure took over two years to be agreed amid worries it could slow the EU's economic recovery.
Scrutiny period
The backloading law must now complete a three-month scrutiny period before it can advance towards entering into force.
But the Commission said Europe's climate chief Connie Hedegaard has written to EU member states and the bloc's parliament seeking to shorten that period.
“How much shorter the period will be lies in the hands of the Council and Parliament,” it added.
Analysts at Thomson Reuters Point Carbon said that in the best case scenario, a one-month scrutiny period would be proposed by the parliament's environment committee later this month, and agreed by the full plenary in early February.
Backloading would then need approximately two weeks to become law, after which the Commission would require a further two weeks to alter the schedule of permit auctions.
“If the scrutiny period is anything over a month, it'll be close. They have a maximum of around 45 days,” said Point Carbon's Marcus Ferdinand.
If no units are withdrawn from sales before March 31, it will mean just 300 million permits can be withheld this year, which Ferdinand said would be slightly bearish for the market.
“There would be a small price difference between the 300 million and 400 million options,” they added.
Under the proposal, the 900 million permits are due to be removed from the market by the end of 2016, and reintroduced in 2019 and 2020 unless further reforms are agreed.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
2010 studio album by of Montreal
False Priest is the tenth full-length studio album by indie-pop group of Montreal, released on September 14, 2010 by Polyvinyl Records on CD, digital, and 180-gram vinyl in both red and black. In addition, Joyful Noise Recordings released a limited-edition cassette version of the album, making False Priest the first of Montreal album ever released on cassette.
Singles [ edit ]
On June 25, 2010, the first single, "Coquet Coquette", was released as a free mp3, along with album art and pre-order information on the band's website. On July 7, 2010, the second single, "Hydra Fancies", was released on Somekindofawesome.com
Sound [ edit ]
Speaking with Pitchfork, frontman Kevin Barnes said of the album's sound, "there's a thick R&B influence, so it's cool that we have a lot of deep low end. There's a lot of very dancey, very funky songs... We try to have these 'holy fuck' moments where you're really having your mind blown, especially if you're listening to it on headphones."[1]
The album also features appearances by Janelle Monáe and Solange Knowles, and marks the return of organic instruments such as live drums, strings and pianos.[2]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Kevin Barnes.
No. Title Length 1. "I Feel Ya' Strutter" 3:40 2. "Our Riotous Defects" (feat. Janelle Monáe 5:15 3. "Coquet Coquette" 3:44 4. "Godly Intersex" 3:31 5. "Enemy Gene" (feat. Janelle Monáe) 3:37 6. "Hydra Fancies" 3:25 7. "Like a Tourist" 4:02 8. "Sex Karma" (feat. Solange 4:02 9. "Girl Named Hello" 4:14 10. "Famine Affair" 3:49 11. "Casualty of You" 2:59 12. "Around the Way" 4:33 13. "You Do Mutilate?" 6:52
Charts [ edit ]
Chart (2010) Peak
position US Alternative Albums[12] 11 US Digital Albums[12] 19 US Rock Albums[12] 14
It is according to Brendan O'Neill. In The Telegraph they write that the “hounding” of Sally Morgan, supernatural adviser and dead-person telephone, is reaching the fever-pitch of the historical witch hunts. “Decent society once hounded witches; now it hounds pseudo-witches,” they assert. Indeed, “the anti-Morgan lobby is motivated by the same impulses as those of pointy-hatted witch-hunters of old”. What's interesting is their list compared to what both sides – witch hunters of the past and O'Neill's of today – wrote or described of their own actions for pursuing their “witches”.
For example, this hardly reads like something a skeptic, like those “hounding” Ms Morgan, would write today:
“All wickedness is but little to the wickedness of a woman. … What else is woman but a foe to friendship, an unescapable [sic] punishment, a necessary evil, a natural temptation, a desirable calamity, domestic danger, a delectable detriment, an evil nature, painted with fair colours. … Women are by nature instruments of Satan — they are by nature carnal, a structural defect rooted in the original creation.”
This is straight from the 1486 text, Malleus maleficarum (The Hammer of Witches). One cannot ignore this document when discussing the actual witch-hunts of Europe during this time. Writes Steven Katz, “It was to become the most influential and widely used handbook on witchcraft.” Furthermore:
Its enormous influence was practically guaranteed, owing not only to its authoritative appearance but also to its extremely wide distribution. It was one of the first books to be printed on the recently invented printing press and appeared in no fewer than 20 editions. … The moral backing had been provided for a horrible, endless march of suffering, torture, and human disgrace inflicted on thousands of women.
Others might disagree. For example, Brian Pavlac, professor of history at Kings, writes that there was no single church responsible, nor was it purely motivated by religious ideas. “While Christianity clearly created the framework for the Witch Hunts, no single “Church” was to blame, and many secular governments hunted witches for essentially non-religious reasons.” The reasons for secular complicity is the same as it's ever been for crushing certain groups of people: “[Secular] princes hunted witches because Church leaders taught them that witches were disturbers of the peace, destructors of property, and killers of animals and people.”
During these European witch-hunts of the 15th – 17th century, estimates of between 50,000 to 200,000 died – though these numbers are constantly being contested. The reasons for the witch-hunts are complicated but there is little doubt that superstition, fear, misogyny [though men, too, were killed for being witches], ignorance and stupidity were all at play.
How then can we compare this horrible history of killing and torturing innocent people, mandated by popes and princes to the ridicule and criticism – using words, not swords or fire – of Ms Morgan? Furthermore, the witch-hunt was targeting people because the attackers were convinced these people were witches; in Morgan's case, it's the exact opposite (using the term ‘witch' loosely). We know they do not have supernatural powers and skeptics are demanded evidence.
For example, Simon Singh writing in The Guardian, says they spoke to two women who attended one of Ms Morgan's performances, claiming they overheard someone providing information to Ms Morgan, through electronic communication devices.
The mystery voice … talked about “Stephen”, “pain in back” and “passed quickly”, and … this was repeated [by Ms Morgan]. [The two women] claim several others heard the voice, and the resulting fuss caused an usher to leave the auditorium and the window was then closed. According to their recollection, the show came to an abrupt end soon after this.
Singh highlights that both independently encountered the strange voice, since they did not attend the show together. Furthermore, both were hoping to hear from dead loves ones, “so at the time they were certainly sympathetic towards the idea of Sally's purported gift”. Singh then puts forward an important point: “I am certainly not suggesting that we should judge Sally to be a cheat based on the accounts of just two people. Also, like any rationalist, I would be sufficiently open-minded to accept that psychic powers exist if I were to be presented with strong evidence.”
Singh highlights the necessity to test whether they really are psychic, since their constant demonstrations indicate they would pass “with flying colours”. Of course, Ms Morgan's reactions to questions about their authenticity, like Singh's and others using evidence from their own audience, have usually been met with, that backward idea of, libel.
Impulses and Assumptions
Presumably, Mr O'Neill would not agree that these are actually similar cases. In the past, “decent society” killed and tortured their witches. What are skeptics and scientists doing that's comparable?
Mr O'Neill is simply using the idea of large groups targeting an individual as a witch-hunt. Colloquially, this might be fine – if just a little dramatic – but they do actually compare the Morgan “witch-hunt” and, indeed, the “anti-Morgan lobby” with those who killed and tortured innocent people. This might be too strong a view, since they primarily switch between saying the “hounding” is the same, to saying the “impulses” are the same (perhaps both, perhaps they only has evidence for one, I don't know).
So what are these “impulses” skeptics have with the torturers and murderers of innocent men and women? Says Mr O'Neill:
first … a desire to look big and impressive by shouting down an allegedly wicked woman; and second, by a desire to save the little people, who are daft and easily led, from having their minds warped and their lives wrecked by people who believe in things the rest of us don't believe in. Today, the fashionable secular set seems incapable of asserting itself in any positive way, through explaining what is good about the rationalist outlook, so instead it advertises its virtues in an entirely negative fashion, by posturing against caricatured opponents or cartoon “snake oil salespersons”. And in its patronising depiction of Morgan's audiences as weak, vulnerable and pathetic, we can glimpse the return of that old idea that it falls to enlightened men and women, those whose brains and souls remain intact, to save the dumb from being led astray by alleged cranks. Only today, the enlightened ones come to save us are scientists rather than priests.
It is amusing to note Mr O'Neill's calling out skeptics for “posturing against caricatured opponents”, since I am unaware of whom they are targeting. It cannot be someone like Simon Singh who has done much to raise awareness of the dangers of pseudoscience, fighting against idiotic (and dangerous) lobbies like chiropractors; it cannot be someone like Ben Goldacre, whose wonderful book and blog details the dangers of “bad medicine” to the lives of non-experts (and even experts); and so on. Mr O'Neill does not provide any names. Instead they swing their broad brush made of straw over all manner of “scientists” and “secular set” and “enlightened men and women”, expecting us to believe these creatures exist and aren't merely easy targets for their castigation.
All those who are making a difference are doing so by constantly asking for evidence: It is Mr O'Neill who is making Ms Morgan into some unique entity that should somehow be excused from the constant scientific process of asking for evidence. Why?  They are being asked, because of their own claims and those of their clients. Why should we stop asking for evidence when people make extraordinary claims, like, say communicating with dead people? This is hardly a hounding but a consistent application of the scientific process.
Also the assumption that people can't look after themselves is obvious: they can't, which is why people go to those things called doctors. Unless Mr O'Neill is an expert in every area of life, they have to rely on the expertise of others who do – objectively – know more than they do. I would not castigate doctors who claim to know how to treat me – they do know better. That is why we pay and respect the medical establishment (and should target, ridicule and criticise pseudomedicine). I willingly submit to be overruled by scientific experts and welcome it, especially in areas that concern, for example, my health and wellbeing.
Furthermore, it is not true to say that writers are “patronising” Ms Morgan's audience. Hardly anyone would go “for fun” to see someone like Ms Morgan: it would be those who've lost someone that comprise the majority of their audience (if I'm wrong about this, please do let me know). The point being, they are weak and vulnerable, just as any of us would be upon losing a loved one. That's not a caricature or patronising: it's the very reason we should be critical of those that claim to help them, since they are not in a position to think critically or realise what's beneficial to them. We know that attending these kinds of meetings and events can only prolong the grieving process, or have worse consequences.
It's not clear what Mr O'Neill's criticism really amounts to. They want skeptics to focus on other things; they consider this harmless and Ms Morgan not worth their time. Perhaps the most charitable reading of Mr O'Neill will remind us that no matter how much we think we have reason on our side, we are human like the witch-hunters of old; we can become a mob and stupid and frothing at the mouth crazy. Reason doesn't make us infallible, since it's merely a tool, not a platform. Demanding evidence is important and we, correctly, should demand it from anyone who makes extraordinary claims that seemingly defy the laws of physics. (Need I mention the money and respect that could be gained by submitting to test and proving, scientifically, one's powers?) To this extent, it is good to be reminded of our own brutish nature, especially when we think we're right (even if we really are) and have an easy target, like TV psychic-mediums.
But there's a broader goal: being consistent in our demands for evidence. That is merely what is occurring here. Mr O'Neill, by caricaturing those from the scientific and “secular” establishment (two different things, by the way), does not offer insight or a reason for us not to demand evidence from Ms Morgan. If they are being treated unfairly (whatever that means in the current context) then we should be concerned and those doing so reprimanded or criticised accordingly; that Mr O'Neill doesn't provide a single name or example indicates that this is in fact not true, and merely hot air in the face of what should be cold reason, applied consistently.
Advertisements
British Cycling has outlined its strategy for the next four years, just days after Bob Howden became its new president – including an ambitious target of emulating or exceeding the country's London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games tally at Rio in 2016, and promoting greater equality for women within the sport.
Howden, who was elected British Cycling's new president at the weekend, has acknowledged that Cookson will be “a tough act to follow.”
But the new strategy unveiled today, called British Cycling: Our Commitment – you can read it in full here – outlines how the governing body plans to build on the legacy of the man who helped rescue it from the brink of bankruptcy in 1997.
The Lottery funding that Cookson was instrumental in bringing into British Cycling that year has transformed Great Britain into one of cycling's global powerhouses on both the road and the track.
Between then and 2012, the country's cyclists have won 34 Olympic medals, 19 of them gold, 51 Paralympic medals, including 28 golds, and 94 World Championship medals in Olympic disciplines, of which 35 were gold.
That success has also helped create a surge in membership for British Cycling, which outlines the main pillars of its new strategy as:
• A push for greater sustainability with an increased volunteer workforce, who can drive participation, supported by an increased membership base. • Continuing to grow the membership to provide a strong voice on behalf of all cyclists, actively promoting their needs and protecting their rights. • Ambitious targets for the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games to support the aspiration to maintain or even increase the medal tally of the British team's performance in London – a feat not achieved by a host nation to date in the history of the Games. • By 2017, increasing once a week participation by 125,000. That will only be achieved through our continued partnership with Sky and a significant expansion of British Cycling's delivery model with local authorities and other stakeholders. • Significant strides in addressing the gender gap in cycling with an ambitious target of getting one million more women cycling by 2020.
The organisation's chief executive, Ian Drake, commented: “British Cycling is now well-established as the leading sports governing body in this country, thanks to an astonishing range of successes across the Olympic and Paralympic Games, World Championships and the creation and successes of Team Sky.
“But it is not just there that we have delivered. Our participation programmes have continued to thrive. Our partnership with Sky is transforming participation in cycling across Britain with over one million new regular participants recruited since we launched the Sky Ride programme in 2009.
“Looking to the future, our challenge is to continue to thrive in this new era and expand in a sustainable manner, making the most of the opportunities offered to us. More people than ever before, in every walk of life, now know more about cycling and want to get involved. We are determined to welcome them, encourage them and work with them to move our sport forward.”
British Cycling's new President, Bob Howden, added: “Over the next four years we need to remain true to what has become our tradition: to succeed on the world stage and to inspire people to enjoy riding their bikes more often, be it for sport, recreation or transport.
“Brian Cookson is a tough act to follow – especially when you look at the amazing roll call of successes that British Cycling has enjoyed under their leadership. We are certainly riding high and it's now my job to ensure that we build on this over the next four-year cycle. I'm looking forward to getting stuck in.”
If Congress gets its act together and passes an appropriations bill before the new year, it will be three months late, which would actually be an improvement for a governing body long mired in partisan dysfunction.
But we have major concerns about the priorities likely to be reflected in the anticipated $1.1 trillion discretionary spending budget. If President Donald Trump's budget and the National Defense Authorization Act are guiding principles, the outcome is likely to increase military spending at the expense of other domestic programs.
The Senate last month sent a $700 billion defense policy bill to Trump, indicating Republicans hoped to boost military spending by roughly $70 billion this fiscal year. Meanwhile, negotiations for the spending bill that would actually make that budget increase a reality are pinned on a two-year increase of between $180 billion and $200 billion.
We can see the writing on the wall.
If overall spending is going to increase by only $90 billion over the next nine months of fiscal year 2018, and $70 billion of that is going to defense, that leaves a paltry amount for the rest of the federal government to share.
We think that's a misguided emphasis on defense.
America needs a strong military. We are engaged in conflicts across the Middle East, hedging against escalating tensions in the Pacific and struggling to respond to Russia's increasing military aggression. But defense spending hit an all-time high after 9/11 of nearly $800 billion, which, even after adjusting for inflation, far exceeded what we spent during the Vietnam War. Following draw-downs and sequestration efforts, the budget returned to closer to $600 billion. A budget of $700 billion would put this nation's defense spending on par with wartime expenditures.
It is also a budget increase that would be over and above limits set in the 2011 Budget Control Act, meaning Congress will need to act in a bipartisan fashion to exceed spending limits aimed at getting federal spending under control.
We think Congress was right to call for austerity in 2011, not just for our military spending, but the entire discretionary budget. But as we said then and echo now, the threat of severe cuts without a master-planned deficit reduction scheme in place was a lie. Congress never intended, it would seem, to stay within the limits of the Budget Control Act, or do anything else to curb the rate of growth for our debt.
Now looming over the budget process is the question of how the Republicans' proposed and pending $1.5 trillion in tax cuts over the next 10 years could impact the spending authorization. Sadly, the answer is that the imprudent decision not to have revenue-neutral tax reform probably won't curtail it. Cutting spending is hard, and even Republicans and their fiscal hawks don't seem to have the discipline or the will within them.
But certainly, if cuts are to come, we would hope to see them divided fairly and evenly among defense and non-defense spending in the discretionary budget and also through reforms of the nondiscretionary, or entitlement, systems.
Increasing spending for the military at the expense of other departments is unacceptable, as is holding our military harmless from cuts that need to be made, while ensuring other programs will suffer more.
To send a letter to the editor about this article, submit online or check out our guidelines for how to submit by email or mail.
Tune in on our specially designed Community Clash page for information about the show, participants and more complete with live chat. Want to participate in future events? Simply fill out this form for your chance to compete in a future Community Clash. There were also some slight rule changes this time around, so be sure to check out the rules for more information. Last but not least be sure to share this event on Twitter!
Tune in again next Wednesday as AGN and ReachCast Show bring you the next matchup of Community Clash ! Next week brings us two outfits who fully intend to participate in MLG! Future Crew fresh off their victory at SOE Live vs The Iron Wolves will Vanu once again reign supreme or will the New Conglomerate achieve victory this time? Tune in and watch them compete live Wednesday September 11th at 8PM Central Time. Not sure what time that is for you? Hit up the time zone converter . As always the hosts will be a combined team of AGN and ReachCast
Latest Comments
2013-09-12 12:53 PM
Snipefrag Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Great show Hamma/AGN crew, this show is the one that has finally sold the idea of MLG Planetside to me. It was a blast to watch, even with all the hiccups.. Few suggestions... some you mentioned, but just to reiterate:
1) Scoreboard
2) The player perspective cameras to have their names showing somewhere, they can just stick them on the screen using a default font in a place you suggest
Great work by FC, i had you guys nailed down to win it. Unlucky TiW, i empathize with you, balance needs to improve to make PS2 work in MLG.
2013-09-12 02:09 PM
NUKABAZOOKA Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Mordelicius Originally Posted by 2) FC dominating TiW is not what I expected.
2013-09-12 02:22 PM
Hamma Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Great Suggestions Snipe!
EVILPIG Originally Posted by I've been discussing it for weeks, but this match kept getting postponed. When will Nexus be live?
2013-09-12 03:19 PM
Boyer Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Private servers sound nice.
2013-09-12 03:21 PM
Hamma Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Indeed, it makes it much more fair for everyone involved and much easier for us to manage. It's not battle islands but it's a closed off area where we have free reign. Which in the end is all we really need, Battle Islands will be nice but this will work too.
2013-09-12 04:24 PM
EVILPIG Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Hamma Originally Posted by
You will be waiting a while I think. One thing we are getting is a private server for these matches that will have fully unlocked chars. Something you should definitely be a part of Great Suggestions Snipe!You will be waiting a while I think. One thing we are getting is a private server for these matches that will have fully unlocked chars. Something you should definitely be a part of
2013-09-12 05:58 PM
Sardus Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW I am a fond believer that outfit synergy is > sheer player skill (e.g. stacking an outfit with high K/Ds).
I've known FC for nearly a decade. Not only do they have killers, but they have synergy. That is a very dangerous combination.
There are really three things that win in planetside higher level competition:
1) Raw Skill, both support and offense
2) Outfit synergy (do you know your teammates, do they trust you? can you read their mind)
3) Leadership/Tactics. Do you have strong leaders who can keep cool and adjust the plan and outsmart the other team. (Can you predict the OTHER team and counter)
Every outfit has their strengths and weaknesses. Playing to your strengths is good, but you need to balance the three things I mentioned above.
Point being: at the end of the day its not all about your individual player stats. It certainly helps to have individually really good players, but anyone can killfarm.
2013-09-12 06:07 PM
Wahooo Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Sardus Originally Posted by I am a fond believer that outfit synergy is > sheer player skill (e.g. stacking an outfit with high K/Ds).
I've known FC for nearly a decade. Not only do they have killers, they have synergy. That is a very dangerous combination.
There are really three things that win in planetside higher level competition:
1) Raw Skill, both support and offense
2) Outfit synergy (do you know your teammates, do they trust you? can you read their mind)
3) Leadership/Tactics. Do you have strong leaders who can keep cool and adjust the plan and outsmart the other team. (Can you predict the OTHER team and counter)
Every outfit has their strengths and weaknesses. Playing to your strengths is good, but you need to balance the three things I mentioned above.
2013-09-12 06:24 PM
AuntLou Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Hamma Originally Posted by
You will be waiting a while I think. One thing we are getting is a private server for these matches that will have fully unlocked chars. Something you should definitely be a part of Great Suggestions Snipe!You will be waiting a while I think. One thing we are getting is a private server for these matches that will have fully unlocked chars. Something you should definitely be a part of
2013-09-12 06:39 PM
Mordelicius Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW NUKABAZOOKA Originally Posted by Care to elaborate on why you expected it to go the other way?
Mordelicius Originally Posted by I gotta say I've never seen Future Crew fight before.
I'm anxious how they stack up against TIW (and to be fair) vice versa.
This better be a battle royale.
You're reading wayyy too much into this lol.
2013-09-12 07:05 PM
Mordelicius Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Falcon_br Originally Posted by What I saw was:
FC is here since day one, fighting side by side since day one, they know each member on the outfit by their real name. They know what anyone is good at and make specialization in roles to work good. They use military talking and strategy.
TIW is a reunion all top 100 leaderboard players on waterson, they come from multiple outfits, most then are on TIW no longer then two months.
They play several roles, because when everyone is BR 100, they are tired of doing farming and they are trying new stuff and they lose their specialization role with that. TIW is just feared because they only move in big groups with big guns, it is common to see TIW doing max crashers to defend a tower, and they always rush to the enemy sunderer, normal outfit don´t have that many resouces or numbers to stop then, and we can´t forget they always have players with BR lower then 100 playing with medics and engineers just to keep then alive, I call those guys, TI slaves.
Always camp a TIW body, it is sure medics are coming to resurrect them if they are BR 100.
They came up with the initial strategy to spawn contain, but they didn't even bring HAs with a dumbfire RL to suppress the VS Max. Those MAx/Engie/Medic combo is not going to do crap against multiple Maxes plus a bevy of organized flankers because all the dps they've got are the short ranged Maxes.
Again, imo, skillwise the gap is not that big. It's the organization is where FC truly shines. This again leads me to thinking about a future battle againts NUC.
NUC is also highly adaptable. They don't adapt as quickly on the fly though. I see their adaptation probably happen in a day. If a couple of bad things happen to them (something they've never experienced before), maybe in the next encounter, they've already devised a counter. So, I see their ability to adapt to situation becoming more ingrained day by day.
Having said that, I haven't seen FC's combine arms gameplay. That's where NUC excel with the dominant HE, Marauder, Vulcan plus their air suppression/cover abilities with Mossies and Libs.
Imo, the weakness of NUC is they avoid the really heavily fortified bases. On yesterday's alert, they've resecured the pallisade from being capped. NC was waiting on the next tower. The rest of the TR attacked and got slaughtered, they didn't join. They much rather have catching a base off guard with a Galaxy drop and then having a solid base capture point secure and/or spawn containment.
2013-09-14 12:28 PM
toksfive Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW (repost from reddit)
Honestly, we got our faces smashed in. With the exception of our Air team. FC has extremly talented players. TIW also has talented players. FC had much better teamwork, stradegy and tactics. I personally could not beat the majority of their players 1v1 with medic. I equipped heavy, and I felt it was an even match. FC players are really good but, they are not Traseros good. The main reason why TIW failed was because; TIW tactic's for: capping points, holding points and moving as a team is terrible compared to FC. We need to work on teamwork if we are to compete again.
Also thanks for the fight FC, I had fun despite the complete curb stomping. I learned alot and realized more. I hope when we learn to play as a team we will rematch you guys!
I am also proud of all TIW members who stayed for the whole fight, and did not log out like many outfits do when they are losing. We played to the end!
2013-09-14 12:31 PM
toksfive Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW NightmareMan Originally Posted by I fell into a deep slumber the other night and had a dream that I would like share.
In the dream I was walking down a long dark hallway with a very dim light at the end and only darkness behind. The hall was lined with ominous doors of deep reds, dark blues, ominous yellows, and inky blacks. I continued forward knowing that Vanu's love would keep me strong as I had accepted their tentacled embrace long ago. As I continued on the doors slowly began to open and shadowy figures began to lash out and strike me.
I began to run for the light as the demons in the dark increased their onslaught. Eventually I was felled to my knees from a mighty blow and began to crawl as the monsters laughed in delight, kicking and stomping with glee. Nearly at the end of my strength I sent out a silent prayer to Vanu: "Lord, aid me in my time of need!" Then there was a bright light that pushed the creatures back in fear and voice above me whispered "Stand brother, stand..."
As I looked up I gazed upon a group of strong young men, muscular, glitter coated bodies sparkling in the bright light, clad only in speedos and cradling long powerful looking weapons in their hands I knew I had been saved. As I stood they handed me a weapon and said to me "Come brother, lets us cleanse the darkness from this place." We turned as one and opened fire upon those shadowy figures, dowsing them with our holy light. The holy weapons throbbed in our hands as thick luminous globs of sticky white love coated everything as the shadowy figures were covered in our orgy of vengeance! The scene before me eventually became so bright I had to close my eyes against it's grandeur.
When I finally opened my eyes I was in a fantastical land of unicorns and rainbows. I looked up and the sun was our Lord Vanu shining down upon us, too bright to fully gaze upon, their distinct tentacles writhing around him. All the shadowy figures had been transformed into Care Bears! We began to frolic and dance, enjoying this new boon granted to us, I dove into a lake filled with rainbows and when I came up I was back in my bed well rested and unafraid.
The message Vanu sent me that night was clear: believe in me and I will lead you back to that promised land. Our path is the future as we move forward as all other paths lead to death and stagnation. We will harm you, hurt you, and force you back into the holy respawning tubes so that Vanu can bless you again and again with the sacred nanites. Vanu is love and we are their holy acolytes. May you taste the rainbow forever.
Amen.
-The Vanu Pope
2013-09-15 06:57 PM
SKYeXile Re: Community Clash FC vs TIW Mordelicius Originally Posted by
2) FC dominating TiW is not what I expected. Props to them, they are a much well oiled machine. It's like they have a hive mind.
2013-09-15 07:41 PM
Louise Gunning's resignation as chairperson of the University of Amsterdam's Board of Directors (CvB) starts a new phase but the struggle against the privatisation of higher education continues many fronts.
Donya Alinejad recently argued in a Roarmag article that forcing Louise Gunning to resign would have been a major intermediate victory for de Nieuwe Universiteit (DNU – student movement) to continue negotiations with a divided Board during the occupation. The eventual resignation of Louise Gunning is an intermediate victory while the committees on democratisation and the university's finances are implemented. So begins the transition towards a new university while pressures from both the managers and protestors continue to confront each other.
The story of DNU's demand for the CvB's resignation began as a side-note semi-joke in a press release during the Bungehuis occupation (February 14th-24th 2015). Frustrations grew within the DNU as the Board refused dialogue with the occupiers until after a court ruled in favour of eviction. They suggested that a ‘Festival of Sciences' could be held in exchange for our voluntary departure. The eviction of the Bungehuis by riot police (with 46 students arrested) instigated a large protest (1000+) that ended with a large unorganised group entering the Maagdenhuis where the Board of Directors works.
On the first night of the Maagdenhuis appropriation, the Board made an appearance in the spotlight, in front a televised General Assembly. The student facilitating the discussion wisely and courageously demanded that Louise Gunning ‘raise their hand before speaking'. At that point, it was clear that the power dynamic had shifted: from subjects of repression and silencing, the students of DNU had become powerful actors who set the scene by transforming political discourses and showing the example of how a new university should function. The many workshops, lectures, debates and social events held at the Maagdenhuis over the 47 days of occupation exemplified this.
Fast forward a couple of weeks and the Board demanded that the occupiers leave the Maagdenhuis as pressure on the CvB itself increased (through mockery and other ludic tactics). They were at full discretion to determine the pace and structure of the negotiations, setting an ultimatum after which the university would subpoena students if they failed to leave the building. The concession they made was to allow students to request permission to use the main hall in the Maagdenhuis for public events. This deal, considered a humiliating example of the Board's constant unwillingness to compromise, was rejected in a press conference. Instead, DNU re-stated that the Board resign and staff member Rudolf Valkhoff stated that ‘harder actions would follow'. This created a lot of panic within the academic community, especially since some felt that the fragile trust towards the Board was being somewhat restored at this point with the establishment of the committees. Finally, after much consideration and debate, the occupiers decided to leave the Maagdenuhis after organising a Festival of Sciences and consequently leave ‘with a big bang'.
Despite widespread support from the academic community for the Festival, the Board carried on with the subpoena, won in court and demanded an immediate eviction. They allegedly went directly to the police and around the Mayor's back to make sure the eviction took place before the Festival. They argued that the premises were unsafe for a large Festival to be held, despite security measures having been taken by the student organisers in coordination with the University of Amsterdam's security guards who were present in the building since the start of the Maagdenhuis appropriation. The security argument mirrors those advanced at the London School of Economics occupation (Vera Anstey Suite), that was recently ended after the ‘Festival of Radical Ideas' was deemed a safety hazard by university management.
The eviction itself was astonishingly violent considering that little resistance was presented to the riot police. Only one person remained in the building, while all the others willingly went outside. When the police started to arrest people (the first few were quickly de-arrested by the police themselves), we locked arms and walked together down the Maagdenhuis stairs on the Spui to continue the Festival. Silent cops arbitrarily arrested a couple of recognisable students from the group of 20 that remained on the square (and within the perimeter). The police also dragged away a couple of professors from Rethink UvA who bravely continued giving lectures and were surprised to be forcefully removed.
The eviction of the Maagdenhuis was the final straw which clarified that the ‘trust' allegedly being built through the establishment of the committees and the 10-point plan was non-existent. Some people in DNU felt that the occupation could not end as long as the committees had not been formed and given a clear mandate. Two days after the eviction, a demonstration of 1500 students and members of staff demanded the Board's resignation and marched through central Amsterdam. This march merged with the Are Here refugees' sit-in in front of Amsterdam's City Hall after their recent eviction from yet another squatted space (Vluchtgarage).
This show of solidarity was powerful, especially considering that Dutch students were being held in foreign detention because they refused to reveal their identity after the eviction. Under Dutch law you have the right to withhold your identity. Putting people into foreign detention for this reason became illegal since the Schrijnheilig ruling of 2011. The attorney argued that the police force was suspicions there were illegal aliens in the Maagdenhuis. The only evidence they presented was from Powned, a right-wing pundit comedic show. The detainees were all eventually identified by the police and released. They were compensated 105 euros per person for each of the 3 days they spent in foreign detention. What a small price for such a large sacrifice which was not followed up by any sort of public apology.
The anger which grew from the eviction's handling by the Board of Directors triggered Louise Gunning's final demise as Chairman. The Raad van Toezicht (governmental supervisory board) quickly and privately negotiated an exit strategy for Louise Gunning to stop down and appointed Rector Magnificus Dymph Van der Boom as the interim head of the Board of Directors over the weekend. Louise Gunning was offered their old position as a well-paid member of the academic staff, but their career as a politician has been permanently damaged. The next step for students and teachers alike is to see a future democratically-elected Board. The Board has committed to a transition phase which would implement the committees and its 10 point plan. They claim that it will ‘vigorously address the concerns of the academic community'.
The dean of the Law Faculty, Edgar Du Perron, was appointed to mediate the links between management and staff/students while the 10 point plan is being implemented and the committees are formed. Du Perron was not appointed as a de facto member of the Board and, as a consequence, has very little de facto decision-making power. The result of this appointment is two-fold: on the one hand, dialogue with the Board has improved considering the openness and accessibility of Du Perron.  They are a friendly reformist who is always available to answer the academic community's concerns. On the other hand, du Perron's communication skills reinforce the risk that student and staff dissenters get co-opted into a dialogue under the Board's terms and refrain from direct action because of the energy and time consumed in dialogue.
To uphold the pressure on the Board, a group called the Students First of May Committee occupied the Service and Information Centre at the University of Amsterdam on April 30th. They barricaded the doors and hung a banner stating ‘Students & Workers Unite & Fight'. Their demand was the restoration of May Day as a holiday and permanent contracts for flex workers. Du Perron expressed their concern with this action, that was deemed unnecessary and harmful the ongoing dialogue. ‘What dialogue?', some students wondered, deeming that the Board has yet to address the issue of temporary contracts at all. The nine students quickly left the building out the back door as police raided the building.
On May 3rd, the Festival of Sciences was finally held under the title ‘Festival van Wetenschappen: Rethinking Academia' at the Felix Meritis in central Amsterdam. This beautiful building, created for the purpose of promoting arts and sciences, often hosts events attended by the Board of Directors and their friends. This was a huge symbolic victory considering that students stigmatised as ‘professional activists' were able to hold the Festival originally planned by the Board in such a luxurious venue based on donations only. DNU re-appropriated the Board's own idea and brought together a network of university activists. The discussions, lectures and workshops about civil disobedience, diversity and the role of universities in society displayed what de Nieuwe Universiteit is all about. It ended with a panel discussion on the new higher education law being proposed by parliamentarian Jasper Van Dijk (Socialist Party) and members of several centre-left youth parties.
Beyond the transition enacted at the University of Amsterdam, the Maagdenhuis occupation was the source of many immediate successes at the national level. A fundamental shift in discourse occurred as a result of the occupation. Many student activists claim that this movement contributed to the fact that 'activism is no longer a dirty word in the public debate'. The issue of rendementsdenken (efficiency thinking), a major concern in all semi-public institutions (health care, education, etc.), suddenly became a major focus in the public debate.
Furthermore, a new generation of activists has emerged after having witnessed that change is in fact possible. Rather than awaiting change to come from above, direct action is being taken throughout Dutch universities; including the #redsquareeverywhere street art, shockupations like the one at the University of Groningen's Starbucks and occupied student spaces like Terecht at Radboud University Nijmegen and de Verrekijker at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. The Maagdenhuis experience spilled over to every university in the country, where ‘De Nieuwe Universiteit' and ‘Rethink' branches were created. The long-term effects of the movement will become more clear as the committees are formed and a whole generation of young activists continue to reclaim their rights.
RIYADH – Number of tourists from Gulf Cooperation Council countries, traveling to Germany, has increased 40%, making GCC Germany's second largest tourism partner.
The Arab News reports that Antje Roeding, director of the Dubai-based German National Tourist Office (GNTO) said: “Germany has also drawn up a comprehensive tourism plan under which it will focus on health and wellness tourism in 2011.”
eTN Chatroom: Discuss with readers from around the world:
“Summer is the most important travel period to Germany”, with about 34 percent of foreign overnight stays being generated in the summer months, said Roeding, while referring to a large number of Saudi and Gulf tourists visiting Germany between May and September every year. According to the German National Tourist Board (GNTB), the number of tourists to Germany from GCC increased by an impressive 66 percent in July 2010, a record growth; compared to the same month of 2009, said Roeding.
Also, between Jan. and July 2010, 40.2 percent more Gulf travellers visited Germany, said the GNTO chief. “With 620,510 overnight stays, this makes the Gulf region one of the strongest overseas source markets for Germany, second only to the United States”, added the GNTO chief. They said that the sharp growth in tourism traffic from the Gulf in July contributed significantly to making the summer season of 2010 very successful.
Expressing their appreciation for impressive increase in the number of GCC tourists, Roeding pointed out that Germany was the second most visited country in Europe by travelers from the Gulf. They said that GNTO had been promoting Germany intensively in the Gulf region over the past years, launching various initiatives to boost travel and tourism. The highly successful workshops taking place in various GCC countries in the recent past showcased Germany's attractions and tourist offerings, they added.
Asked about highlights of 2011 tourism plan, they said that Germany would focus on health tourism. Many German hospitals have specific offers for Arab guests, such as Arabic language support for patients and accompanying relatives, they added. German tourism agencies, on the other hand, have lined up several events during 2011. The 125th anniversary of German automobile industry, to be celebrated next year, will be an interesting event.
Global teams for inventive work
Sari Pekkala Kerr, William Kerr
The globalisation of innovation is proceeding at a fast pace. This column argues that the ethnic composition of a firm's US-based inventive work force is an important factor in whether the firm engages in international collaborations. Collaborative patents are often utilised when a US public company is entering into a new foreign region for innovative work. This is especially notable in markets with weak intellectual property protections.
The increasingly important role of global inventor teams
The increased globalisation of innovative activities by US multinational companies over the last several decades is striking. Based on data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), the share of R&D for US companies conducted by their foreign operations rose from 6% in 1982 to 14% in 2004. Patent data also reveal this trend. The share of patents for US public companies with foreign inventors (using the locations listed on patents to place inventors) jumped from 6% in 1982 to 13% in 2004. In equal measure, foreign firms are placing more of their innovative work in the US.
Several studies dive into this trend, and they are increasingly pointing towards an important role of global inventor teams. For example, Branstetter et al. (2015) carefully dissect the central role of cross-border co-invention teams among multinationals for the sharp rise of patenting in China and India. Surprisingly, these teams can explain at times the majority of patenting observed in these locations. This work also establishes the importance of the cross-border nature of the teams, compared to potentially correlated factors, through interviews of researchers. More broadly, Miguelez (2014) uses World Intellectual Property Organisation inventor records to show how high-skilled diaspora communities enable global inventor teams. Foley and Kerr (2013) study related issues using operating data at the Bureau of Economic Analysis and matched patents. They find higher employment of ethnic inventors in the US by multinationals enables overseas R&D and the formation of new affiliates abroad without the support of local joint venture partners.
Collaborative patents for US public companies: New research
In recent work (Kerr and Kerr 2015), we systematically explore the prevalence and traits of global collaborative patents for US public companies, defined to be where the inventor team is spread across locations both within and outside of the US. We analyse data from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for all patents from 1979 through 2009 to compare the global collaborative patents with those where the team is located entirely abroad or entirely in the US. These global teams are becoming surprisingly common – they rise from 1% of US public firm patents in 1982 to 6% in 2004, thereby accounting for a substantial portion of the observed overall growth in global inventive activity. Where are these collaborative teams more likely to be observed? What type of workers in the US are used on these teams? Do they produce weaker or stronger innovations?
Some core findings
A key starting fact is that global teams are quite common for US firms as a share of their overseas activities, as hinted above when comparing the shares listed.
To facilitate analyses described later, we restrict our sample of overseas countries to those of non-Anglo-Saxon origin (thus excluding the UK and Canada, for example) and possessing ethnic naming patterns that we can identify with ethnic name databases. The second restriction is very minor and the sample retains almost all patents made in non-Anglo-Saxon countries by US companies.
Figure 1 shows the shares of these patents that feature a cross-border team with the US. This share mostly rises from about 30% of the patents by the firms in 1985 in these foreign regions to 50% by 2005. Global inventor teams are clearly an important and growing component of the organisation for innovation in these US companies, equal in contribution by 2005 to situations where all inventors are residing abroad at the time of the innovative work.
Figure 1. Collaborative share of patents in region
Notes: Trend depicts the share of patents that are collaborative in nature made by U.S. public companies in regions identifiable with the ethnic-name matching algorithms. Collaborations are defined to be cases where at least one domestic U.S. inventor coauthors the patent with at least one foreign inventor working in the region.
Using the names on the patents and their probable ethnicities – for example, that the surnames Banerjee or Patel likely signal Indian origin, while Wang and Ming are very common for Chinese origin – we identify that about half of this growth in collaborative patents directly connects to an own-ethnicity team, where the ethnicity of the inventor(s) in the US matches the foreign region where the rest of the team is located.
Figure 2 shows a striking time pattern that exists within firms with respect to collaboration. We identify situations where a firm is entering into a foreign region for the first time for inventive work, after previously patenting in the US (and, in some cases, other long-term foreign sites that exist already by 1975 and are excluded). Figure 2 organises patents by how long the US public company has been conducting innovation in the ethnic region, from the year it first enters up to ten or more years after entry.
Figure 2. Elapsed time since foreign entry by firm
Notes: Trend depicts the share of patents that are collaborative in nature made by U.S. public companies in regions identifiable with the ethnic-name matching algorithms. The horizontal axis depicts the elapsed time since the firm first filed a patent with an inventor residing in the ethnic region.
Over 70% of the initial patents made by US companies into developing and emerging economies are collaborative, compared to about half when entering into Europe or Japan for innovative work. These differences across countries diminish over time after entry, and both groups have less than 45% of the patents being collaborative by the seventh year of the firm's operation abroad.
Our study conducts a number of regression analyses to characterise places where these cross-border teams are more frequent. The most consistent and important factors are intellectual property rights protection and rule of law, with additional factors including English language proficiency also playing a role.
In terms of firm-level traits, formal econometric analyses consistently confirm the patterns shown in Figure 2 regarding the importance of time since entry. Our empirical analysis also shows that the employment of ethnic inventors by a firm in its US-based operations is tightly linked to its generation of collaborative patents. In many cases, these observed collaborations also exhibit a specific match between the ethnicity of the US-based inventor and the foreign region in which the other members of the inventor team are located. We also study the role of cross-border mobility of inventors in facilitating these collaborations. We find that a firm's choice to use an internal transfer connects in intuitive ways to its size and the attributes of the foreign location (e.g. how well English is typically spoken in the overseas location).
Thus, to summarise and reflect:
Collaborative patenting appears to provide a way for a US firm to learn about a new location and match its needs to the R&D abilities in the region.
Collaborative patents can also help minimise the entry costs into a region and can help facilitate foreign activities.
Global innovation and collaborative patents create opportunities for long-term collaborative work. It is becoming more common for firms to divide work based on a location's abilities and employee skill sets. The different legal and cultural issues in any given location dictate whether long-term collaboration is the best option. Other location-specific limitations, such as weak intellectual property rights, may prompt firms to keep key information and technology in different geographic locations.
The second half of our study compares the quality of global collaborative patents to other inventions produced by the firm.
Using the large battery of metrics developed in the patent literature to assess quality, we find cross-border patents to be strong innovations, equal to and sometimes exceeding the strength of the innovative work done by the same firm using inventor teams exclusively based in the US.
Even more striking is the extent to which both of these groups outperform the patents developed by the firm abroad with exclusively foreign inventor teams. Global collaboration and inventor teams appear to reduce underperformance associated with the foreign innovation by US public companies. The one potential caveat to this assessment is that global teams are larger, and we are not able to fully separate different inputs into the various patent types from other features of global teams.
Looking forward, collaborative patents are better cited within and outside of the firm. The main exception to these superior patterns is that exclusively foreign teams are better integrated into the future foreign-based innovations of the firm. Thus, some trade-off exists in where and how internal knowledge is developed and its subsequent use. Perhaps the biggest message that comes out of these forward-use analyses is the clear evidence of pockets of knowledge in multinationals. The geographic span of the inventor team strongly influences the future places where we observe evidence of the company building upon the work. This fact may help explain why some firms are disappointed with the returns from overseas inventive work despite potential cost savings – if they have not fostered the global team to support innovation, it tends to be isolated.
Conclusions
The globalisation of innovation is proceeding at an exceptionally fast pace. Many US public companies conduct significant overseas R&D, and global inventor teams are becoming surprisingly prominent. The ethnic composition of a firm's US-based inventive work force in an important factor in whether the firm engages in international collaborations, and collaborative patents often are utilised when a US public company is entering into a new foreign region for innovative work. This is especially notable in markets with weak intellectual property protections. These patterns articulate a mechanism by which knowledge is transferred globally, and these results inform a growing body of work that analyses firm decisions about whether to locate innovative activity in a single place or in multiple locations.
References
Branstetter, L, G Li, and F Veloso (2015), "The Rise of International Co-invention", in A Jaffe and B Jones (eds.) The Changing Frontier: Rethinking Science and Innovation Policy (Chicago, IL: University of Chicago Press), 135-168.
Foley, C F, and W Kerr (2013), "Ethnic Innovation and U.S. Multinational Firm Activity", Management Science 59:7, 1529-1544.
Kerr, S P, and W Kerr (2015), "Global Collaborative Patents", Economic Journal, forthcoming, NBER Working Paper 21735.
Miguelez, E (2013) "How Does Geographical Mobility of Inventors Influence Network Formation?", WIPO Economic Research Working Paper No 7.
Hate Google+? You won't need it to log into other Google services anymore. In a blog post, Google also says the entire experience will be more focused, which will send ripple effects down through YouTube as well.
The most significant change will be that YouTube comments will no longer tie-in to Google+, and vice versa. It's basically rollling the YouTube comments section back to the way it was before Google+ was forced on everyone. Google is also promising those who have their YouTube and Google+ accounts linked will be able to unbind them soon.
In narrowing Plus' focus, Google says it will “move some features that aren't essential to an interest-based social experience out of Google+.” That's apparently why Google decoupled Photos from Plus, and says location sharing will be moved into Hangouts at some point.
If you want to use Plus, your Google account will soon be all you need. Google profiles will stay private, unlike Google+ profiles, which were searchable.
➤ Everything in its right place [Google]
Read next: Google Plus Photos shutting down August 1 to make way for Google Photos
Read next: The pro guide to the perfect UX portfolio
Greg Wilson, the back judge from referee Tony Corrente's crew who failed to throw a flag for the illegal batting of the football out of the endzone by Seahawks linebacker K.J. Wright, was reassigned to keep them from a high-profile game.
ProFootballTalk.com reported Thursday that Wilson was moved to the Miami Dolphins-Tennessee Titans game in Nashville and away from the nationally televised "Sunday Night Football" game between the New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts. Wilson's gaffe could have been a topic of discussion for the broadcast crew.
Wilson was steps away from Wright in the Week 4 game at Seattle when Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson's fumble was pushed out of the endzone intentionally by Wright for a touchback. The Seahawks took possession at their own 20 and ran out the clock for the win, 13-10.
Wilson did not throw a penalty flag and the NFL previously supported the "subjective call."
A penalty should have been called according to NFL director of officiating Dean Blandino. The flag would have given the Lions the ball inside the 1-yard line.
‘Mni Wiconi' means ‘water is life,' but for Myron Dewey and many other protectors of Standing Rock, life may never be the same
KHUM
(UPDATE: On July 9, less than 24 hours after this story posted, Indigenous Journalist Myron Dewey's misdemeanor charge of “stalking” during their media coverage of the Standing Rock camps and other protests against the Dakota Access pipeline (DAPL), was dropped by Morton County prosecutors.)
In less than six months, America says hello to 2018, but the ripple effects of three big issues from 2016 continue to turn heads: climate change/environmental flight attendantship, Donald Trump, and Standing Rock.
The latter certainly stands out for Myron Dewey, an indigenous journalist, professor, filmmaker, and the founder of Digital Smoke Signals, an indigenous social network that creates and designs social networking websites, filmmaking, documentaries, short films and other online media.
Dewey became one of the significant figures to emerge from Standing Rock. Their live stream media coverage, much of it using drone technology, shed a piercing light on the months-long protest over the Dakota Access Oil Pipeline (DAPL), which found Indigenous People—and allies who traveled near and far—gathering in camps near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation to protest the $3.7 billion project that would transport 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day through four states, 1,172 miles in all.
One of the core issues is that 38 miles of the Dakota Access Pipeline slices through territory that belongs to Native Americans, based on an 1851 treaty signed at Fort Laramie in Wyoming. Of course, protecting the Missouri River, the main water source for the Standing Rock Reservation, from a potential pipeline leak, is also a key factor of contention.
But so, too, is what eventually happened to Dewey after they arrived on the scene in August of 2016. They now face a July 12 trial in Bismarck, ND., after being accused of “stalking” by Shannon Eagon, the wife of National Guard member Doug Eagon. If convicted of the class A misdemeanor, Dewey could face up to one year in prison and a possible $3,000 fine.
The complaint alleges on Oct. 8, 2016, Dewey “harassed, frightened, and/or intimidated security workers on a job site.” It also alleges that they targeted “their vehicles, license plates, and/or where they were working, which made them fear for their lives and their families' lives.”
However, Dewey has been open about their experiences at Standing Rock, noting that since they arrived on the scene, they began documenting many suspicious and occasionally “illegal” activities committed by DAPL security and the Morton County police department. On Oct. 8, using GPS, Dewey flew the drone to reveal what they believed was DAPL's violation of the 20-mile buffer zone that had been set in place. Dewey says their drone reveals that DAPL was actually working within that buffer.
“I wasn't breaking any North Dakota laws with flying the drone or documenting,” Dewey told me in a recent interview, noting that afterward, they were approached in their vehicle by officers who illegally seized their drone without a warrant.
“We did everything we could to abide by the law,” Dewey says. “Being out there under those circumstances, was pretty intimidating. I felt like we were not going to make it out of there.”
Here, in a candid interview, Dewey opens up about the upcoming trial, some of their experiences at Standing Rock and much more.
Greg Archer: What do you hope will emerge from the court case?
Myron Dewey: Awareness of the judicial system there in North Dakota because some of the injustices we witnessed are going to go all the way to the Supreme Court. What we are seeing is because this generation didn't honor their forefathers' problems to the Indigenous People, 114 people have been arrested on broken treaty land. What I want to see is consciousness. Where does that get lost? Where does that honoring of the [treaty] agreement get lost? And not just for that tribe. We're talking about tribes all over the country. What happens to one tribe, happens to us all.
Talk more about that.
Manipulation of the law—that's what we are seeing now. When Trump signed the Executive Order [on Jan. 24 to advance construction of the oil pipeline] that was part of the manipulation. We've seen it on the ground in North Dakota. We've seen it in Bismarck. After Trump became president, the open racism happened. How are we going to have justice in an open court system when we can't have it on the street?
You said you feared your life during the Oct. 8 incident with police?
Yes. That was one the main live streams that really broke open wide what we were seeing in North Dakota. There were many scenes like that where the intimidation factor was coming in. So documenting some of it, live feed, we asked them, “What was the crime?” And they couldn't give me any information. And that segued me going into recover my drone back in Bismarck, because I was not given any paperwork. And there, the law enforcement had fabricated the paperwork within a few minutes after they had already told me that the officer didn't come in with the paperwork.
This was blatant lying. But I'm not going to tell them that, because I was trying to respect “the badge.” They clearly didn't respect the law and we documented it many times—in so many different instances. Documented it with a 911 call. And their actions were documented not just by me, but many other journalists.
Take us back even more. Tell me when you knew you had to go to Standing Rock. When it really ‘hit' you?
I just got off a Prayer Run—the Peace and Dignity Run. My 6-year-old, and me we ran the runners through our territory, our homelands, in Nevada. It was very powerful—to run in prayer, a thousand miles. Pretty powerful to follow certain protocols, and that you are here to carry out this message. And to run through Nevada, which is 110-115 degrees, going towards Las Vegas. It was interesting going through there and seeing the landscape at that level—the lack of water [in the area] and why I was running for our own people.
So let's hit a pause button for a second. Can you tell us just a little more about a Prayer Run—what it is, why it is significant?
In each community the runners run through, they have a different prayer, whether it's for teen suicide, or abuse, or violence, or against drugs and alcohol, or to empower the community. The runners are taken care of by the community they run through. It's a real powerful reciprocity of giving and receiving, whether its prayers or all the runners are from their own community, so they are not paid from anything or anyone. It's from the hospitality and reciprocity of every indigenous community they go through.
There is an audible prayer during all this?
Yes. Every community has their own social protocols and how to handle that. There are no cameras. No iPhones. On the Prayer Run, I would give an update on where we might be. We stopped at Navajo Country. It's very powerful, though. As Indigenous People, we have our own way to pray. Not just one prayer. The way Western culture looks at it—you go into a church and pray, and this is a way of life. But our way of life is by actions—harvesting your traditional medicine is part of prayer. Acknowledging the community and the wildlife around it. We don't overharvest. That's part of prayer; acknowledging that ecosystem.
In essence, you become the prayer.
Yes. That's the way of life. And this is how I segued into Standing Rock—this was a demonstration of prayer.
So, you come off of this Prayer Run, you learn about Standing Rock, and you went there?
First I went home. The theme for our run was Seeds for Life and I was resting up. My feet were sore, and I started watching this live feed of the youth [at Standing Rock]. And I worked with the youth back in cannonball [North Dakota] in 2005, and did a little storytelling up there. I wondered if I recognized these guys. And I could hear them yelling “Water if Life.” What I first thought was that they were on the Peace and Dignity Run, but they weren't. And as I kept watching, I could see what was happening, and it was quite powerful, saying that they were running for what was happening “today” in their homeland—this pipeline. I thought: “Whoa. This is something different. I don't see that in the youth communities.”
I called down there—at that point, you could call people. They told me: “We need bodies. The youth are on their way to Washington to let President Obama know. We need help.” My media skills—that's what I thought I could bring there. All the work I had been doing with that and as a filmmaker, and educating the youth on historical trauma training. All those different combinations. This is what I thought I could do to help to segue the message on a larger scale.
Tell us more about those first few weeks there.
First of all, I let the elders know that I was considering going—to get that validation. We were fighting our own fight—for traditional harvesting lands. But they gave us their blessing. We packed down all of our donations and we took off—a 24-hour drive. We stopped at Eagle Butte, said a prayer, and we continued on to Standing Rock and got there around midnight. When I woke up in the morning, what I saw was very beautiful; the beauty in the camp was amazing. I was taken by that and I realized that I was going to stay there.
When did things turn?
September 3 was when there were dog attacks [on protestors]. That was when I realized, “Wow. There's another thing happening here.” I started to see TigerSwan—we just called them mercenaries because we had seen them around, and I kept thinking, that can't be normal. It reminded of Nevada, where certain patterns that the military had. And they were establishing these types of patterns here. So, I just started documenting the pipeline. I started to see that this as an Occupy—by Police. And that is not right.
Documenting as much as you could was your main mission though?
I know from my experiences with things like this, that the fabrication of media comes from police, and if you don't document, you are only going to have one side. And this really segues forward to last month with Pro fix case, where the officers only had that one media, and it looked like the drone was going into the path of the plane. But we had our own media, which had 4K, the highest resolution, showing that the plane was a half-mile away.
I documented the first interaction with Morton County Police Department and TigerSwan—they were training them. This one officer from the Bismarck Police Department, I remember their facial expressions when I documented him—he started yelling at me to get the hell out of there. And we had just witnessed something that is not right. We left. They were trained by TigerSwan.
Were you surprised at how Standing Rock was received by the public—by the country, and especially by those who came to Standing Rock in solidarity?
I am still amazed. It humbles me to think that somebody was paying attention when we were out there.
Why is it so vital that we get as much information out about what occurred at Standing Rock, and what may still be occurring in the ripple effects?
What I am getting throughout Indian country from the allies who come and share with me, is that they didn't know this was happening. And then they ask, why. And then
I share with them that the priority history of the American Dream … is not the American Holocaust of Indigenous People. The assimilation came with a lot of pain, a lot of hurt, loss of land, loss of language, the child molestations from the churches and the boarding schools, the nuns, the preachers. We have witnessed this systematic racism for the last 200 years.
People wonder why Indian Nation is so poor and it's because we are in constant defense of protecting our sacred sites, our harvested areas, our land and our way of life. We are under constant attack, not just from the federal government, but from the state, and corporations. I'm very proud of our language and I am very humbled because I know that the cost of our past generations who passed it along … because we witnessed that at Standing Rock. The last day, the day I left, was during the Standing Rock Film Festival. That was when my drone was shot out of the air about 20 feet above us. That was closest I've ever been shot at.
It put you on guard?
Yes. And it shows you, too, that when you think nobody is over there, that somebody is there.
The trial. Let's get back to that.
I'm going to approach it from an educational answer. Every question they ask me I am going to educate the court on the Indigenous issues with my answer. I've been doing it with the officers who were there and you know, sometimes I've been getting good response. Several officers I spoke with in the year that I've been there, appreciate the educational part. They say, “I didn't know that. Thank you for sharing.” I want them to know why we are here and what this means that they are doing, and that they have a choice. You always have a choice.
What have you learned about yourself during this journey?
The more you give away, the more that comes back—whether it's knowledge, whether its just helping. What I've seen with media—I've been role modeling what you do with media; that western culture really valued being the first to have an exclusive. And I shared with them our teachings and that that was not what this was about. You have people here who have given up their homes, their jobs, their families, their 401k … because there is something here to protect that's beautiful. If you look at this as a way to make money, you are not here for the right reasons.
Thousands of people came through. I started coming up with a digital protocol and I found that when media or non-natives began to learn more, there was a kind of shame, then a guilt, and then a lot of anger when they learn the truth. And there was always: “It wasn't me that did it.” But I say ... being uneducated on the topic. That is you. You're turning a blind eye. You didn't question your education. But you questioned mine—all the way to my masters degree. So, you do have a choice.
Does it surprise you that everything has unfolded the way it has?
I want to say it does. But I know it doesn't. I was talking about how history is repeating itself only in the second decade of the 21st century. And that's why I documented the way I did. History tells us that whoever controls the media, controls the culture, and I was not going to let them control our culture or the narrative.
Sobering occurrences. Are you optimistic? Are you hopeful for your tribe, your tribes, and the country?
I am. When I hear people say that we lost. I don't see that. I see a raise of consciousness happening.(
Right now Occupy Wall Street has favorable polling. So did the Tea Party at its beginning. As Seth Ackerman pointed out to me, once people saw that the Tea Party wasn't a new thing but this old, arch-conservative thing, one that wants to take our global historical moment and wage total war against public sector workers and uteri, they turned against it. One symptom that it was an old thing was the books that it circulated: from Hayek's underwhelming Road to Serfdom to Bircher Cold War tracts from the types who thought Eisenhower was a member of the communist conspiracy.
Ackerman noted that it isn't clear what will happen with Occupy Wall Street ideologically, if only because at this point the left-liberal project and progressivism more generally is chaotic and up for grabs. This makes for a fun, fascinating, and scary moment for a potentially insurgent left.
This movement is very focused on inequality. But why? A lot of different ideas have already surfaced. With so much of the debate about the 99% and the 1% framed in the context of extreme inequality, it might be worthwhile to step back and examine the liberal arguments against inequality and discuss what I see of them in Occupy Wall Street.
This is a great cheat-sheet — a list of objections to inequality resulting from the high liberalism tradition from TM Scanlon's “The Diversity of Objections to Inequality” (article not free online, here's a summary). Liberals, in general, have five objections to inequality:
A sixth point will hopefully be added in the future: A more equal distribution creates a better economy. There's an assumption that the market, instead of creating concentrations of wealth and power that slow growth, assigns resources to where they are best used in both the short and long term. However, it is hotly contested whether income inequality causes crashes; researchers at the IMF found models where it can. And a whole other strain of research finds that equality causes growth to be more sustained (see summaries by Roosevelt Institute Fellow Georgia Levenson Keohane as well as Brad Plumer).
As Scanlon is quick to note, only a few of these are necessarily egalitarian — you can be concerned with relieving the suffering of the poorest without actually caring about disparity of incomes. And there is usually a huge emphasis on how the power referred to in number three is primarily a problem of electoral politics and policy instead of a problem of dominating, controlling power relations between individuals.
So where does Occupy Wall Street stand on these? What I find fascinating is that there is much more of a focus on forms of power and domination as opposed to the more general concerns of egalitarian liberalism, those focused on stigmatization and fairness. This is a healthy move for the debate.
One of the major concerns you hear from people in occupations is that the political process has become fundamentally corrupted. This gets right at number three: Money has become so concentrated and such an overwhelming presence in our politics that we need some ways of reforming it at a structural level. The stakes are higher in Occupy Wall Street. The government blurs into the private sector, wealth is no longer a measure of contribution but instead rent extraction, and no party or individual can be trusted to work within the system. There needs to be a reboot. How did we get here? Hacker and Pierson's Winner Take All Politics is a good place to start when looking for the answer.
Another argument is that Wall Street itself is out of control. Having failed quite profitably in its sole responsibility — allocating capital responsibly, not towards Pets.com, junk mortgage debt, strip-mining companies for short-term gains, and worthless housing stock nobody wants — and then getting bailed out when it all collapsed, the sheer presence of the financial sector among the top 1% feels like a crime. This power is more ruthless than than that in the normal discussion. It drives the entire economy, and it appears to have just driven it off a cliff. For more, 13 Bankers, Econned, Age of Greed, and Wall Street from the 1990s all walk readers through this story.
What about the 99%? I've previously looked through the Are the 99% Tumblr and found that the biggest emphasis was on debt, ranging from student loans to medical debt, and a lack of enough employment to get by month-to-month. Here inequality is less a problem related to the more traditional liberal concerns of fairness or the idea that a few are left behind, and more a problem in which inequality is making indentured peasants of a huge part of the population. Risks are shifted to individuals who are already struggling, opportunities and possibilities are ruthlessly revoked, employment is nonexistent, and month-to-month survival is a battle for more than the just very bottom. Books such as Graeber's Debt: The First 5,000 Years approach this from an anthropological point of view. Other works include Elizabeth Warren's book on how fixed costs of the middle class drive even two-income families into poverty, as opposed to more general discretionary spending (read: “frivolous” spending), or Tamara Draut's Strapped.
This ties into traditional liberal concerns. Liberals want institutions that allow people to develop their talents and also ones that insure them against the bad luck of health and unemployment. These institutions have been unraveled, and their public nature has been replaced with debt. And when people involved in Occupy Wall Street talk about this phenomenon, they connect how debt functions as a new safety net with the experience of servitude and suffering. Not in a relative sense of inferiority and shame (although that's there too), but in actual deprivation and the feeling of powerlessness against creditors, bosses, and the top of the elite.
Indeed, these concerns are reflected in the format of the general assembly and other current, institutional characteristics of Occupy Wall Street. Without permanent, clear leaders, there is no one to arrest, corrupt, or otherwise take over. That address their concerns about political domination from sources internal and external. The focus on mass participation and consensus derives, in part, from inequality in political access. Resources and responsibilities are distributed in the most egalitarian manner because physical deprivation is just one bad month away for many in the occupations (indeed, in the country). Collective enterprises offer a potential solution to giving workers real power in the workplace, power that can be put into action across the country and isn't dependent on Obama and the Senate.
This strikes me as firmer ground on which to try and build up a resurgent left. What's your take?
Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan accused former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday of lying under oath regarding their use of private email servers on the same day FBI Director James Comey testified before the House Oversight Committee on the issue.
In an interview with Yahoo News Guest Anchor Paul Beban, Jordan said they felt Comey didn't adequately consider Clinton's earlier testimony in their decision to recommend the presumptive Democratic nominee not be prosecuted for conduct related to their use of private email servers for official State Department business.
“We want to make sure what needs to be investigated is investigated,” Jordan told Beban. “She made false statements according to what they told us under oath last October in the Benghazi Select Committee hearing and what Mr. Comey determined in their investigation. I think that's something that needs to be looked at, and then we'll go from there.”
While Comey announced Tuesday that they would recommend Clinton not face charges, they also sharply criticized them for being “extremely careless” in allowing classified emails to be at risk of being viewed by a third party.
In the hearing, Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, the chair of the House Oversight Committee, asked Comey whether the FBI had also investigated whether Clinton had committed perjury last year when discussing their email server under oath before the GOP-led House Benghazi committee. Clinton said they did not send or receive emails marked classified, but Comey said three messages on their server were actually marked classified in the body of the email, with the letter C in parentheses. Comey said they aren't sure whether Clinton knew they were marked classified.
Comey told Chaffetz that they had not received a referral from the committee on the matter. Chaffetz laughed and quickly said they would recommend a review. Legal experts told Yahoo News on Thursday that it's unlikely that Clinton would be prosecuted for perjury on the matter.
Jordan, a leader in the conservative House Freedom Caucus who also aggressively questioned Comey on Thursday, further said the lack of prosecution showed average Americans that there is a double standard for politicians who commit crimes.
“The American people are seeing, frankly, two standards,” Jordan said. “The perception from a lot of Americans, a lot of the folks I get the privilege of representing in the Fourth District of Ohio, are saying, ‘Wait a minute. It sure looks like there is one standard for we the people, and an entirely different one if you're politically connected, if you're Secretary Clinton.'”
While Jordan said they didn't question Comey's ultimate conclusion on Clinton's conduct, they did note that there were differing opinions on the lack of charges against them Comey said the decision not to recommend charges in this case was unanimous within their team.
“Lots of other prosecutors have been on shows just like this one and have said based on what they see, … they would have taken this to a grand jury,” Jordan said.
Jordan also discussed various controversies dogging presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump, notably the mogul's allegation that the Justice Department was bribed to avoid going after Clinton and their mixed praise for former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
While Jordan said they didn't completely agree with Trump on everything, they also reaffirmed their support for the presumptive nominee.
“I can't remember the last time I agreed with everything single thing the Republican nominee did or said,” they said. “But I'm going to support our nominee because I know this election is between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and I think Donald Trump would do us much better as the president of the United States.”
A Tennessee licensing board that can't tell the difference between animal massage therapy and veterinary medicine will have to defend itself in court.
A few weeks ago, I wrote about Laurie Wheeler, who was threatened with fines and even jail time if they continued to practice horse massage therapy without obtaining an expensive veterinary license from the state. Wheeler has been studying horse massage since 2010, she's twice been certified in equine massage by an Indiana-based animal therapy school, and, in 2016, successfully obtained a license from the state of Tennessee, where they live, to practice massage therapy on humans too.
They intended to offer their services to equestrians and their steeds, but those plans were delayed when they received a cease-and-desist letter from the Tennessee State Board of Veterinary Medicine. After months of back-and-forth with the board (she was told they couldn't even offer horse massage for free, and that they couldn't petition the board to change its rules), Wheeler filed a lawsuit on Thursday challenging what they say is a violation of the constitutionally protected right to earn a living.
"This regulation clearly runs afoul of that right," said Braden Boucek, the director of litigation for the Nashville-based Beacon Center, a free market think tank that filed the lawsuit on behalf of Wheeler and Martha Stowe, another woman who has been told by the state Board of Veterinary Medical Examiners that they can't practice horse massages.
"The Vet Board is now requiring a license to rub a horse. It is time we stop criminalizing compassion," says Boucek. "What's next, a license to pet your dog or feed your cat?"
Wheeler said they were "disappointed and disheartened" by the board's decision to stand by its regulations after they and the Beacon Center presented showing that the rule was unconstitutional and unnecessary.
The board did not return requests for comment Thursday.
Forcing Wheeler and Stowe to get veterinary licenses would require years of expensive schooling—because you can't get a veterinary license in Tennessee without graduating from an accredited veterinary school—and would not improve either woman's knowledge of massage since most veterinary schools don't teach the practice.
While giving a massage to a horse in Tennessee requires a veterinary license, a resident of the state can castrate a horse or artificially inseminate a horse without being licensed—even though both of those activities would seem to have more in common with a vet's medical training than anything Wheeler was doing. It's also worth noting that exactly zero states require masseuses to be licensed as physicians before giving massages to humans. Such a requirement would make little sense, of course, and the same logic should apply here.
Arizona's State Veterinary Medical Examining Board agreed last month to drop a similar licensing requirement. In an agreement signed last week by Judge David Udall, the board said it would no longer require animal massage practitioners, who provide therapeutic services to dogs, horses, and other animals, to obtain a veterinary license.
The butcher's bill continues to grow. While they were a presidential candidate, Donald Trump promised to uplift their white "working class" voters, a group they described as the "forgotten Americans." As president, Trump has enacted policies that will hurt them. As I have written before for Salon, I have no pity for Donald Trump's voters. They have agency. They are adults. They made the choice to support a neofascist who has quickly made America less great before the eyes of the world.
It will be glorious to see Trump's voters continue on their highway to hell.
Advertisement:
The butcher's bill now includes Donald Trump and the Republican Party's efforts to end environmental protections for clean water that will disproportionately harm rural red state America, removing mandatory overtime pay for low- and middle-income employees and cutting back and ending programs that provide infrastructure, heating and fuel assistance for the poor. Again this will disproportionately affect those communities that voted for Trump. The president will also target the Americans they view as "useless eaters" by taking money away from programs such as Meals on Wheels, which feed people who are elderly or homebound. They will also remove support for programs that help the victims of domestic violence and sexual assault.
There was a momentary pause in adding another entry to the butcher's bill when Donald Trump and the Republican Party's effort to end the Affordable Care Act was derailed. Trump and the Republican Party, however, are continuing their efforts to take away health care from millions of Americans. It is estimated that if the Republican Party and Donald Trump get their way and the Affordable Care Act were to repealed, at least 43,000 Americans a year would die.
The jobs Donald Trump promised their voters continue to leave the country. And Trump's vow to "drain the swamp" has been replaced with an overflowing cesspool of greed and malfeasance.
With the election of Trump, the American news media has discovered a new subgenre of pseudo-anthropological writing akin to stories from an earlier era about "dirty hippies" or how "hillbillies" had descended upon Chicago and Detroit.
The American news media now sends intrepid reporters out into the hinterlands of the Rust Belt and exurb America to speak with the denizens of Trumplandia.
What have these reporters discovered?
Advertisement:
Some of Trump's loyalists are dismayed and angry at how their champion has been exposed to be a liar and a fraud. Nevertheless, most of Trump's voters continue to support him. There are few voices of dissent. Even facts showing that Russia undermined the American election do not diminish their devotion. Trump is a Svengali. Their voters remain beguiled by their gaze.
But even by the bizarre norms of Trumplandia, some stories stand out more than others. The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof recently journeyed to Tulsa, Oklahoma. There they spoke with Judy Banks.  They are a senior citizen who is dependent on the programs that Donald Trump has promised to either eliminate or greatly reduce. Banks also voted for Donald Trump.
The New York Times explained:
Judy Banks, a 70-year-old struggling to get by, said they voted for Trump because “he was talking about getting rid of those illegals.” But Banks now finds themselves shocked that they also have their sights on funds for the Labor Department's Senior Community Service Employment Program, which is their lifeline. It pays senior citizens a minimum wage to hold public service jobs. “This program makes sense,” said Banks, who was placed by the program into a job as a receptionist for a senior nutrition program. Banks said they depend on the job to make ends meet, and for an excuse to get out of the house. “If I lose this job,” they said, “I'll sit home and die.” Yet they said they might still vote for Trump in 2020. And that's a refrain I heard over and over. Some of the loyalty seemed to be grounded in resentment at Democrats for mocking Trump voters as dumb bigots, some from a belief that budgets are complicated, and some from a sense that it's too early to abandon their man. They did say that if jobs didn't reappear, they would turn against him.
Donald Trump is quite literally a threat to Judy Banks' health, safety, security, well-being and livelihood. Yet, they continue to support him.
It is easy to mock and laugh and enjoy Schadenfreude's warm embrace as Trump's voters are made to suffer at the hand of their chosen leader. But this does not explain Donald Trump's hold over their supporters and why they remain so loyal even while they increase their misery.
Advertisement:
Their power is drawn from several sources.
Trump's voters have been conditioned and programmed by the right-wing news entertainment complex to believe disinformation and lies. As such, Trump has found a ready public for their fraudulent presidency. This is shown by how only 3 percent of Trump's voters regret supporting him.
Donald Trump leads a cult of personality in a celebrity-obsessed culture. For their voters, Trump is a type of personal avatar. This is demonstrated by how according to a recent poll, Republicans trust Donald Trump's administration more than the mainstream news media to be "truthful."
Advertisement:
The right-wing media news media has created an alternate reality for its public. As detailed by a recent report in the Columbia Journalism Review, this alternate reality is remarkable for how it circulates disinformation and talking points to its public (and affects the broader news media and public discourse). Bursting this bubble is very difficult.
Extreme political polarization and the phenomenon known as "information backfire" have combined to make Trump's supporters and other Republican voters hostile to empirical reality.
Conservative authoritarians are binary thinkers who view the world in simple terms. They are also highly resistant to change and new experiences. Conservative authoritarians also in-group loyalty and obedience to authority figures. Together, these factors compel them to support Donald Trump.
Advertisement:
Christian evangelicals are some of the most enthusiastic supporters of Donald Trump. Radical religion and radical politics combine to excuse and rationalize their failures in office.
The white rural and Rust Belt communities that elected Donald Trump are in disarray: they are suffering from high levels of social disorganization caused by drug addiction, declining life spans and an increase in suicide, a breakdown in family structure and high levels of economic anxiety. Ultimately, many of Trump's "white working class" voters are facing a crisis of meaning and value in their own lives. They offered them an elixir. It has instead been proved so far to be a poison.
And with almost every area of American political and social life, the color line's influence is great. Donald Trump's ascendance was fueled by white supremacy, nativism, racial authoritarianism and a promise to "make America great again" by punishing nonwhites and elevating (even more) white America. Trump's voters remain willing to pay the butcher's bill because they know and hope that they will hurt "those people" and take care of "people like us." This transactional politics of race and class was explained by W.E.B. Du Bois more than 80 years ago:
It must be remembered that the white group of laborers, while they received a low wage, were compensated in part by a sort of public and psychological wage. They were given public deference and titles of courtesy because they were white. They were admitted freely with all classes of white people to public functions, public parks, and the best schools. The police were drawn from their ranks, and the courts, dependent on their votes, treated them with such leniency as to encourage lawlessness. Their vote selected public officials, and while this had small effect upon the economic situation, it had great effect upon their personal treatment and the deference shown them. White schoolhouses were the best in the community, and conspicuously placed, and they cost anywhere from twice to ten times as much per capita as the colored schools. The newspapers specialized on news that flattered the poor whites and almost utterly ignored the Negro except in crime and ridicule.
Trump's white "working class" voters in red state America are dead enders. They remain loyal to a man and a cause that has no use for them except as fodder. Trump's voters have not yet accepted this grim truth. When they do, the question will become against who and what groups will Donald Trump's white "working class" voters direct their rage and anger at having been played as useful idiots.
Beyond the stars, new Liberal rank-and-file members have compelling resumes
OTTAWA - Much has been made of Justin Trudeau's hand-picked star recruits, newly minted MPs who may be in line for a cabinet post.
They include: aboriginal leader Jody Wilson-Raybould; millionaire business person Bill Morneau; former Manitoba business council head Jim Carr; retired general Andrew Leslie; former Toronto police chief Bill Blair; former Alberta legislators Kent Hehr and Darshan Kang; retired lieutenant-colonel and combat veteran Harjit Singh Sajjan; Montreal mayoral runner-up Melanie Joly.
But there are dozens of lesser-known new MPs with impressive and eclectic credentials, some of whom could also wind up in cabinet, leading influential parliamentary committees or serving as parliamentary secretaries.
Here's a look at a few of them:
Dan Vandal, Liberal, Saint Boniface-Saint Vital, Man.
A high-school dropout who took up professional boxing, becoming the top Canadian middleweight in 1983. Eventually earned a degree in social work from the University of Manitoba. Became a veteran Winnipeg city councillor. Discovered their Metis roots later in life.
Kim Rudd, Liberal, Northumberland-Peterborough South, Ont.
Businesswoman, former president of Cobourg chamber of commerce. Rudd co-founded one of the first rural day care centres. Former owner of Willis College, an offshoot of the Toronto School of Business. Owner of a first-aid training company.
Maryam Monsef, Liberal, Peterborough-Kawartha, Ont.
A refugee whose family fled the Taliban in Afghanistan 20 years ago. Community activist, founded the Red Pashmina Campaign, which has raised over $150,000 for women and girls in Afghanistan.
Celina Caesar-Chavannes, Liberal, Whitby, Ont.
Grenadian-born research consultant, business person. Named entrepreneur of the year by the Toronto Board of Trade in 2012. Invited themselves when the Liberals conducted an "invite them to run" campaign aimed at increasing the number of female candidates. Came a surprisingly strong second in the byelection called last fall to fill the vacancy left by the death of former finance minister Jim Flaherty.
Jane Philpott, Liberal, Markham-Stouffville, Ont.
Family physician, chief of family medicine department at Markham Stouffville hospital, assistant professor of family and community medicine at the University of Toronto. Spent nine years working as a doctor in Niger. Instrumental in helping create Ethiopia's first family medicine training program at Addis Ababa University.
Stephen Fuhr, Liberal, Kelowna-Lake Country, B.C.
Former CF-18 fighter pilot. Retired with the rank of major from the Canadian Armed Forces in 2009. Led their family's aviation communication and tracking equipment business before returning to flying as captain of a business jet.
Michel Picard, Liberal, Montarville, Que.
An expert in financial crime, author of books on the subject. Worked for the RCMP's integrated market enforcement team, among other private and public sector employers. Created Masters-level course on combating financial crime for the University of Sherbrooke's management faculty.
Peter Fonseca, Mississauga East-Cooksville, Ont.
Former top Canadian marathon runner, Olympic athlete. Former member of Ontario legislature. Served as provincial cabinet minister in labour and tourism and recreation portfolios.
Seamus O'Regan, Liberal, St. John's South-Mount Pearl, Newfoundland and Labrador
Former host of CTV's Canada AM. Senior policy adviser to former Newfoundland premier Brian Tobin.
Patty Hajdu, Liberal, Thunder Bay-Superior North, Ont.
Expert on mental health and addictions. Member of the implementation panel for Thunder Bay's drug strategy. Former chair of Thunder Bay's drug awareness committee.
Anju Dhillon, Liberal, Dorval-Lachine-LaSalle, Que.
First Canadian Sikh to practice law in Quebec courts. A Liberal party activist since they were 13.
Bob Bratina, Liberal, Hamilton East-Stoney Creek, Ont.
Former mayor of Hamilton, former radio broadcaster. One-time play-by-play voice of Hamilton Tiger Cats, member of the Canadian football reporters' hall of fame. Competed in 18 marathons. Performs with the Balkan Strings Tamburitza Orchestra, playing brac, clarinet, saxophone and accordion.
Arif Virani, Liberal, Parkdale-High Park, Ont.
Ugandan Asian refugee. Former analyst for the Canadian Human Rights Commission, assistant trial attorney prosecuting genocide at the United Nations international criminal tribunal for Rwanda. Founder of a Toronto legal aid clinic.
Anita Vandenbeld, Ottawa West-Nepean, Ont.
An international expert on democracy and human rights. Worked in over 20 countries for the United Nations development program, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and the National Democratic Institute. Awarded the Canadian Peacekeeping Service medal in 2008.
Karen McCrimmon, Liberal, Kanata-Carleton, Ont.
First woman to earn the qualification of air navigator in the Canadian Armed Forces. First woman to command a CAF flying squadron. Ran for the Liberal leadership in 2013, lost to Justin Trudeau.
Matt DeCourcey, Liberal, Fredericton, N.B.
Founded the Wanderers Friendship Cup, a soccer tournament and health-education initiative for youth in The Gambia. Former provincial co-ordinator for UNESCO's youth advisory group. Director of communications, education and outreach for the N.B. child and youth advocate. Worked previously as an assistant to former cabinet minister Andy Scott and former Liberal MP Todd Russell.
Ali Ehsassi, Liberal, Willowdale, Ont.
Lawyer, former provincial and federal bureaucrat, specializing in international trade.
Andy Fillmore, Liberal, Halifax, N.S.
City planner and urban designer. First manager of urban design for the city of Halifax. Won a national urban leadership award in 2012. Former vice president of planning and development for Waterfront Development Corp, a provincial Crown corporation.
Frank Baylis, Liberal, Pierrefonds-Dollard, Que.
President of Baylis Medical, which designs and manufactures high tech medical products. A movie fan, set up their own production house, Walk of Fame Entertainment. Has written several screenplays.
Robert Morrissey, Liberal, Egmont, P.E.I.
A longtime member of the provincial legislative assembly. Former provincial cabinet minister and Opposition House leader. Retired from provincial politics in 2000.
Anthony Housefather, Liberal, Mount Royal, Que.
Lawyer, former mayor of Cote-Saint-Luc. An avid swimmer who won seven medals at the 2013 Maccabiah Games in Israel, sometimes called the Jewish Olympics.
Robert-Falcon Ouellette, Liberal, Winnipeg Centre, Man.
Expert on indigenous education. Director of aboriginal focus programs at the University of Manitoba. Spent 19 years in the armed forces. Has also worked as a professional musician with La Fanfarniente della Strada Gypsy Band in Quebec City. Rose from obscurity to finish a surprisingly strong third in the 2014 Winnipeg mayoral race.
Doug Eyolfson, Liberal, Charleswood-St. James-Assiniboia-Headingly, Man.
Emergency room doctor, assistant professor at the University of Manitoba's medical school. Former medical director of Manitoba's land ambulance program. Renowned for research into hypothermia, once conducting a TV interview while submerged in an ice water bath (not to be confused with another Manitoba doctor, Gordon Giesbrecht, known as "Professor Popsicle"). Dubbed the "transit angel" after helping in 2013 to save the life an elderly bus passenger who had suffered a heart attack.
Carla Qualtrough, Liberal, Delta, B.C.
Visually impaired from birth, they won three bronze medals in swimming at the 1988 and 1992 Paralympic Games. A lawyer, vice-chair of B.C.'s workers' compensation appeal tribunal, former legal counsel for both the B.C. and Canadian human rights commissions.
Jean-Yves Duclos, Liberal, Quebec.
Director of Laval University's economics department. Vice-president Canadian Economics Association, fellow-in-residence at the C.D. Howe Institute, fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
Hunter Tootoo, Liberal, Nunavut.
Served as an MLA in the territory's legislative assembly for 14 years. Co-founder of the Iqaluit branch of Arctic Insurance Brokers Ltd. Cousin of NHL hockey player Jordin Tootoo. Ran unsuccessfully for the NDP in 1997.
This page is about free-market individualism. Some people (especially in Europe and Latin America) use the word libertarianism to refer to "libertarian socialism" (see anarchism)
Libertarianism is an idea in ethics and politics. The word comes from the word "liberty". Simply put, libertarians believe that people should be able to do whatever they desire as long as their actions do not harm others. As a result, Libertarians want to limit the government's power so people can have as much freedom as possible.
Libertarianism grew out of liberalism as a movement in the 1800s. Many of the beliefs of libertarianism are similar to the beliefs in classical liberalism. It also has roots in anarchism and the Austrian School of economics.
Like other people, libertarians oppose slavery, rape, theft, murder, and all other examples of initiated violence.
Individual rights [ change | change source ]
Libertarians believe that no person can justly own or control the body of another person, what they call "self-ownership" or "individual sovereignty." In simple words, every person has a right to control them or their own body.
In the 19th century, United States libertarians like William Lloyd Garrison, Frederick Douglass, and Lysander Spooner were all abolitionists. Abolitionists were people who wanted to end slavery right away.
Garrison based their opposition to slavery on the idea of self-ownership. Since you have a natural right to control your own body, no one else has any right to steal that control from you. Garrison and Douglass both called slave masters "man stealers."
Stopping violence [ change | change source ]
If you have a right to control your own body, then no one has a right to start violence (or force) against you.
Some libertarians believe that all violence is unjust. These libertarians are often called "anarcho-pacifists". Robert LeFevre was a libertarian who rejected all violence. However, most libertarians believe that there are some ways violence can be justified.
One thing that justifies violence is self defense. If someone is violent towards you, you have a right to defend yourself with equal force.
The libertarian Murray N. Rothbard said that it would be wrong to kill someone for stealing a pack of gum. If you steal gum, this is an act of violence against the property owner. The owner has a right to use defensive violence to get the gum back, but killing the thief goes too far. That is too much force because it is not equal to the force used by the thief. Punishment must be equal to the crime. A student and colleague of his, Walter Block, said that a punishment shouldn't be equal to the crime, but rather enough to make up for the damage the crime caused plus how much it cost to catch the criminal.
Some libertarians believe that it is your moral duty to defend yourself and your property if you can. This belief is usually held by Objectivists. These people believe that pacifism is immoral. Most libertarians reject this view.
All libertarians believe that it is wrong to start violence against any person or against what they or they own. They call this the "non-aggression principle."
Ownership is the right to control something. Property is the thing that you control.
Libertarians believe that property rights come from self-ownership. This means that because you have a right to control your own body, you also have a right to control what you make with it.
The English philosopher John Locke said that a person comes to own something by using it. So, if you turn an area that no-one else owns into a farm and use it, that area becomes your property. This is called the "homestead principle."
Libertarians also say that you can become a legitimate owner by receiving something as a gift or by trading it with someone for something they own. You do not become a legitimate owner by stealing. You also do not become a legitimate owner by simply saying you own something. If you have not "homesteaded" the thing or received it through trade or gift, you do not own it.
Libertarians are opposed to states (or governments) creating any "laws" that tell people what they can and cannot do with their own bodies. The only legitimate laws are laws that say a person may not start violence against other people or their legitimate property. All "laws" stopping people from doing nonviolent things should be repealed, according to libertarians. (These "laws" are usually called "victimless crimes" because there is no victim if there is no theft.)
In most countries, the state (or government) takes tax money from the people. All libertarians support cutting taxes back, and some libertarians believe the state should not take tax money at all. Libertarians think people can take care of the poor without the government. They believe that people should pay for the things that they want to use, but not have to pay for other things that they do not want. Tax evasion (refusal to pay taxes to the state) is a victimless crime. Libertarians would prefer to see taxation replaced with lotteries, user fees, and endowments.
Libertarians think everyone should be allowed to decide what is good or bad for her/his own body. Libertarians think if people want to drive cars without wearing seat belts, it is their own choice. They should not be forcibly stopped from doing that, not even by the state. If a person wants to donate all of her/his money to a charity, or waste it all gambling, that is also something she/he should decide for herself/himself. No one should be forcibly stopped from doing that, not even by the state. Libertarians even say that if adults want to use harmful drugs, they should be allowed to do that, even if it spoils their lives. It is the drug user's own choice because it is the drug user's own body. As long as the drug user does not start using violence against other people or their legitimate property, no one should use violence against the drug user or the drug user's legitimate property, not even the government.
Many libertarians also believe that families and friends should look after people so that they will not use drugs, drive without seat belts, or do other things that are dangerous for them. But no one can force others to do things that they do not want to do, or to stop them from doing nonviolent things that they want to do.
Types of Libertarians [ change | change source ]
There are two broad basic types of libertarians.
Minarchists are libertarians who believe that society should have a state with very limited power. They believe that free markets are the most moral and efficient way of providing goods and services. They typically believe that the only things the state should provide are police and judges to make sure that people obey the laws, and a military to make sure that no one attacks the country. Some minarchists believe in having a small amount of taxation and limited provision of public goods such as international diplomacy and public parks.
Two famous minarchist libertarians are Robert Nozick and Ayn Rand. Nozick believed that the only legitimate thing a state can do is have a police force. They called their legitimate state a "night-watchman state." Ayn Rand believed that the state should have a police force and a court system.
Libertarian anarchists usually call themselves anarcho-capitalists, free-market anarchists, individualist anarchists, or just anarchists.
Libertarian anarchists do not believe the state is needed. They believe that people can organise their own lives and businesses. They want to replace the state with voluntary organisations, including charities, private companies, voluntary unions, and mutual aid societies. They also want to end all forced taxation.
They say that state police can be replaced with "DROs" (Dispute Resolution Organisations) or "private protection agencies." They also say that state judges can be replaced with "private arbitration."
A famous libertarian anarchist thinker was Murray N. Rothbard. Others include Lysander Spooner, Benjamin R. Tucker, and Linda & Morris Tannehill.
Other types [ change | change source ]
Most libertarians fall under one of the two types of libertarians listed above. But there are other types, too.
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
May 2016 OFFICE OF EVALUATIONS AND SPECIAL PROJECTS Office of the Secretary: Evaluat ion of E mail Records M an e m e nt an d C be r se c ur it R e ui r em en ts
What OIG Found
The Federal Records Act requires appropriate manageme nt and preservation of Federal Government records, regardless of physical form or characterist ics, that document the organization, functions, policies, decisions, procedures, and essential transactions of an agency. For the last two decades, both Department of State (Department) policy and Federal regulations have explicitly stated that emails may qualify as Federal records. As is the case throughout the Federal Government, management weaknesses at the Department have contributed to the loss or removal of email records, particularly records created by the Office of the Secretary. These weaknesses include a limited ability to retrieve email records, inaccessibilit y of electronic files, failure to comply with requirements for departing employees, and a general lack of oversight. OIG's ability to evaluate the Office of the Secretary's compliance with policies regarding records preservation and use of non- Departmental communications systems was, at times, hampered by these weaknesses. However, based on its review of records, questionnaires, and interviews, OIG determined that email usage and preservation practices varied across the tenures of the five most recent Secretaries and that, accordingly, compliance with statutory, regulatory, and internal requirements varied as well. OIG also examined Department cybersecurity regulations and policies that apply to the use of non-Departmental systems to conduct official business. Although there were few such requirements 20 years ago, over time the Department has implemente d numerous policies directing the use of authorized systems for day-to-day operations. In assessing these policies, OIG examined the facts and circumstances surrounding three cases where individuals exclusively used non-Departmental systems to conduct official business.
ESP-16-03
What OIG Evaluated
As part of ongoing efforts to respond to requests from the current Secretary of State and several Members of Congress, the Office of Inspector General (OIG) reviewed records management requirements and policies regarding the use of non-Departmental communicat ions systems. The scope of this evaluation covers the Office of the Secretary, specificall y the tenures of Secretaries of State Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell, Condoleezza Rice, Hillary Clinton, and John Kerry. This report (1) provides an overview of laws, regulations, and policies related to the management of email records; (2) assesses the effectiveness of electronic records management practice s involving the Office of the Secretary; (3) evaluates complianc e with records management requirements; and (4) examines information security requirements related to the use of non-Departmental systems.
What OIG Recommends
Responding to a question about God and religion at the CNN Democratic debate on Sunday, Hillary Clinton gave a thoughtful answer on how prayer factors into their daily life.
A woman named Denise, whose church services Clinton has apparently visited, asked Clinton to whom, and for whom, they pray.
"I have said many times that I am a praying person, and if I hadn't been during the time I was in the White House, I would have become one," Clinton said, to chuckles from the crowd.
They added that they pray for people in authority who have to deal with the pressures of leadership.
"I try to think about what they're going through even when I disagree with them," Clinton said. "Trying to find some common ground, some common understanding that perhaps can make me more empathetic. I don't always succeed. I will tell you that."
They said they pray "on a pretty regular basis during the day, because I need that strength and I need that support."
They closed by discussing the importance of "humility" when you're asking people to give you one of the most important jobs in the world.
Clinton has spoken before on the campaign trail about the importance of "love and kindness." Ruby Cramer explored how this idea relates to Clinton's Methodist faith and their frequent image problems in the media in a profile at BuzzFeed News earlier this year.
In a landmark first for an American city government, officials in Oakland approved a lawsuit this week in hopes of saving Harborside Health Center, better known as America's largest pot shop.
The City of Oakland collects more than $1 million in taxes every year from sales at regulated medical marijuana dispensaries; Harborside is the largest among them with more than 100,000 customers. However, Harborside is under threat of being seized by federal authorities after U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag warned that they're violating federal law.
The nation's largest pot shop was the subject of a Discovery Channel series called “Weed Wars,” which aired earlier this year. Owner Steve DeAngelo (pictured above) said that the channel canceled the series in March without explanation.
The city's lawsuit argues that Harborside has been open and operating legally under state and local laws since 2006, which they hope means it's beyond the law's five-year statute of limitations on property seizures. City officials also expressed concern that forcing more than 100,000 medical marijuana patients into the black market may have negative effects on public health and safety.
Federal prosecutors have forced hundreds of California medical marijuana dispensaries to close, despite the Obama administration's promise to avoid prosecuting medical marijuana patients. Instead, attorneys are working with the Internal Revenue Service to apply tax law, which bans business deductions for any illegal trade.
Haag's office initiated eviction proceedings against Harborside's landlord under civil seizure laws earlier this year. The shop is also facing a massive tax bill due to years worth of business expense deductions being ruled illegal. Oakland's “Oaksterdam University” was also tarted in a similar manner, which triggered a SWAT raid in April. Oaksterdam's founder, who donated millions to California's failed marijuana legalization initiative in 2010, has since resigned.
President Barack Obama, for their part, clarified in April that they never promised to “give carte blanche to large-scale producers and operators of marijuana,” saying that they cannot nullify laws passed by Congress. Obama added that they do not believe it is a good use of resources to pursue sick and dying patients who use the drug in states where it is legalized.
Just 17 states and Washington D.C. have legalized medical marijuana, even though a Mason-Dixon Polling & Research survey found earlier this year that 74 percent of Americans think doctors should be able to recommend the drug.
——
Photo: Screenshot via YouTube.
Correction: A prior version of this story said the U.S. Attorney's office was attempting to evict Harborside for a zoning violation. They are attempting to evict the shop by seizing the landlord's property instead.
Senator Stephen Conroy Senator Conroy also brushed aside concerns from leading academics and technology companies that the plan to block a blacklist of "refused classification" (RC) websites for all Australians was an attempt to shoe-horn an offline classification model into a vastly different online world. "Why is the internet special?," they asked, saying the net was "just a communication and distribution platform". "This argument that the internet is some mystical creation that no laws should apply to, that is a recipe for anarchy and the wild west. I believe in a civil society and in a civil society people behave the same way in the physical world as they behave in the virtual world." Newton said this was a "gross oversimplification", pointing out that Australia Post and Telstra's telephone network were also distribution platforms but were not censored.
"Why should the internet, a distribution platform for all manner of intangibles, be censored as if it was a movie theatre? It makes no sense, the model doesn't fit," they said. The Greens communications spokesperson Scott Ludlam was also quick to ridicule Senator Conroy, saying books and films were distinctly different because they are "dicreet, physical packages of content", whereas the internet is dynamic and has "a trillion web pages already indexed and an unknown amount more added every day". "To characterise sustained opposition by individuals and groups as diverse as EFA, Google, SAGE, Yahoo, Save the Children, Reporters without Borders, Justice Kirby, Choice Magazine, leading online academics and industry associations and the United States Department of State as 'an organised group in the online world' is a remarkably naive misreading of how unpopular this proposal is," Senator Ludlam said. University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt said the difference between submitting a book for classification and having an organisation classifying and blocking websites without anyone's knowledge was that, in the book case, "it is well known that the book was censored and there can be a debate about the correctness of the decision". Landfeldt said it was true that the filter system would block all websites it was told to block but the trillions of pages on the internet means the government will not make the internet a safe place for children and will only be able to stop access to "a small minority" of web pages.
Senator Conroy said the aim of their policy was to "ensure that particularly children ... don't stumble across this material", which they described as being child pornography, bestiality, extreme violence and pro-rape websites. They neglected to address widespread concerns that the "refused classification" rating also applies to sexual health discussions, euthanasia material such as the Peaceful Pill Handbook, historical war footage and instructions in minor crimes such as graffiti. Senator Conroy admitted that their filters would not do anything to stop the spread of child pornography on peer-to-peer file sharing networks, and that they will "slow down the internet" if applied to high-volume sites such as YouTube, Facebook and Wikipedia. They mentioned they were in discussions with Google over a way for the company to apply the filter to YouTube but Google has already rejected these requests. "If we know there are 355 websites today that have child pornographic images on it, should we say well we're not going to do anything about it?," they said.
Colin Jacobs, spokesperson for the online users' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia, said this comment ignored evidence that the overwhelming majority of child pornography was traded in others ways such as by peer-to-peer. It also ignored the fact that anyone who wanted to bypass the filters could do so quite easily. Senator Conroy has been on the attack against Google after the search giant issued a withering critique of their policy. After questioning the company's credibility in an ABC Radio interview on Monday night, they fired off another broadside in yesterday's interview. They said Google already censored more material than the Rudd Government was proposing to block with its filters, pointing to its blocking of R-rated and X-rated material on YouTube and its censorship of search results in Thailand that are critical of the Thai king. "Google are welcome to their view but Google have got to be prepared to be consistent," said Senator Conroy. Jacobs said suggesting that enforcing YouTube's terms of service was equivalent to state-sponsored censorship was "at best misleading". Senator Ludlam said Senator Conroy's attacks on Google were "a deliberate misdirection of the debate", while Jacobs said they "smack of a personal vendetta".
Senator Conroy also rejected concerns that the government was creating a new mandatory censorship mechanism that would be prone to abuse by future governments. "I think in Australia we have a vibrant democracy and anyone who wanted to try to expand beyond existing banned material - RC - would have one hell of a fight on the floor of Parliament," they said. Asked whether it was a fact that the blacklist, a catalogue of some of the worst websites, was likely to leak at some time in the future, as has occurred in a number of other countries, Senator Conroy responded: "so the alternative is just to leave them out there and do nothing?". They said they realistically would not expect to see legislation enabling the filters to be introduced before the second half of the year, after which it would "go through an open and transparent consultative process". "For $44 million, we're buying ourselves an initiative which will have no measurable impact whatsoever," Senator Ludlam said.
"In exchange, we establish the architecture for future governments to abuse the loose and undefined 'RC' category to add a creeping range of material to the list. Once this architecture is established, the idea that its scope won't be expanded by future governments is a gamble we don't believe we should take."
MAP: © 2016 Nearmap. All Rights Reserved.
As the park continues to get ready to start building two new themed lands, work continues to take place in backstage areas at Disney's Hollywood Studios.In addition to theofand the work being done to vacate the formerbuilding, a quite large portion of the backstage areas located south of the existing Cast Member parking garage was closed and officially became a construction zone on Tuesday, March 15, 2016.Here is a map showing the area that closed on March 15 (which was not accessible by park Guests):The new construction zone is believed to be the rough location of the new Slinky Dog-themed coaster.Also, as you can clearly see, the area encompasses also the water tower of Disney's Hollywood Studios. The park confirmed that the water tower will be removed as part of the re-branding process of the park.
On September 19th the Tampa Ideal Org will host a briefing by Dr. Linda Lageman from the National Affairs Office in Washington, DC. Dr. Lageman is a Ph.D., not a medical doctor, and has worked with the Citizen's Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) to oppose Psychiatric medicine.
Dr. Lageman is a former Psychologist for 23 years. Them work is featured in this year's Maiden Voyage III event. It is because of their actions that we have one of the biggest wins on the CCHR front that is saving thousands of children. They will be coming straight from meetings on Capitol Hill and will share with you what we are doing on the national level to derail Psychiatry.
The legislation that Scientology opposes is the 21st Century Cures act, which passed the House of Representatives on July 10th with a large majority of both parties. It directs several agencies that deal with medical research to streamline the process of approving new pharmaceuticals and medical devices so that patients have access to them faster, and establishes the Council for 21st Century Cures, a non-profit that will focus on accelerating access to new discoveries. If Dr. Lageman has any meetings scheduled on Capitol Hill, they would be with members of the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions.
This is the second briefing we have seen on this subject. In the first event in Seattle, Scientologists were warned that this bill
Has the purpose of making it very easy for Big Pharma and Psychs to get new drugs, ECT, brain implants and other “treatments” approved by the FDA and into use rapidly by effectively eliminating the need for any trials or tests to demonstrate effectiveness.
Supporters of the bill say it will help patients with rare diseases, and help new discoveries reach patients sooner. Opponents say the bill compromises patient health by allowing treatments to reach patients without sufficient study.
Do you find yourself repeating the same mistakes in trading over and over again?
Perhaps failing to pull the trigger when you have a perfect setup right in front of you?
Or find yourself afraid to take a new trade for fear of losing?
How about ‘knowing' what to do, but being unable to do it in real time, yet you can do it perfectly on demo?
The answer to any and all of the challenges above you experience in trading comes down to two things:
1) How Your Brain is Wired
2) Your Mindset
The good thing is you can re-wire your brain for success in trading and life. And luckily you can do this in just a few weeks, for only minutes per day.
In this infographic I explain how top wall street traders meditate to improve performance, how different practices produce different results, and how you can improve your brain for trading and life in just a few weeks.
Comment below with your thoughts on this meditation for traders infographic.
Share this Image On Your Site
FIFA's ethics committee has made the recommendation to suspend president Sepp Blatter for 90 days, according to multiple reports.
The suspension has to be confirmed by Judge Hans-Joachim Eckert of the adjudicatory chamber of FIFA's ethics committee.
A former adviser of Blatter, Klaus Stoehlker, has told The Guardian the ruling was made pending an ongoing criminal investigation involving the FIFA president by the Swiss attorney general.
Blatter's sometime adviser Klaus J. Stöhlker: "What we know is that President Blatter was told they have been suspended for 90 days." - Owen Gibson (@owen_g) October 7, 2015
The verdict was described as pending, as no negative findings have yet been made against Blatter.
Blatter's lawyers issued a statement following the initial recommendation from the ethics committee that read, in part: "President Blatter has not been notified of any action taken by the Ethics Committee. We would expect that the Ethics Committee would want to hear from the President and their counsel, and conduct a thorough review of the evidence, before making any recommendation to take disciplinary action."
Stoehlker said that Blatter had heard about the recommendation, but added that, "he has not got any message from the committee ... and they are perfectly under control.  They are going to the office tomorrow."
Long-time Blatter aide Walter Gagg told the AP that Blatter has not yet received any information or a decision from the ethics committee.
"I was with Mr. Blatter 10 minutes ago and we know nothing about [a decision]," Gagg said just after 6:30 p.m. in Zurich. "He left now. They had no news."
Earlier Wednesday, Senegalese committee member Abdoulaye Makhtar Diop confirmed the panel were meeting in Zurich to discuss cases involving Blatter and UEFA president Michel Platini.
The 90-day suspension is the longest the ethics committee can suspend an official without a conviction and is a significant blow to Blatter, who has maintained their innocence during the ongoing FIFA scandal.
Blatter is under criminal investigation from Swiss prosecutors and Platini has been implicated as well because of a 2 million Swiss franc (£1.35 million) payment they received from FIFA for their work as technical adviser to the organization between 1999 and 2002.
Platini has not been charged with anything, but has been described as something "between a witness and an accused person" by Swiss Attorney General Michael Lauber.
The ethics committee can provisionally suspend officials for up to 90 days, the same action it took in May when seven FIFA officials were arrested in Zurich following warrants issued by the United States attorney general.
A spokesperson for Platini said the UEFA president does not feel the need to publicly justify the payment they received from FIFA, despite questions being raised about the timing of the payment. Platini received the payment in 2011 for work supposedly carried out at least nine years earlier.
"[Platini] currently feels that they have given satisfactory explanations to the authorities that are dealing with this case," UEFA head of communications Pedro Pinto said. "Publicly, they feel there is nothing else to add because they feel they have [done] nothing wrong and therefore does not need to justify themselves publicly at the moment.''
Platini has not publicly explained the reason for such a lengthy delay beyond that when they started their role as Blatter's adviser in 1999 they were told "that it was not initially possible to pay the totality of my salary because of FIFA's financial situation at that time."
Lauber has opened criminal proceedings against Blatter regarding the payment. Blatter denied any wrongdoing.
Platini says they are still determined to run for the position of FIFA president and has provided all the necessary information to the investigating authorities.
Nominations for the FIFA presidency needed to be submitted by Oct. 26 with each candidate nominated by at least five national associations.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Raucous music and hordes of party-goers are frequent features of celebratory occurrences on Frat Row. But to former Berkeley resident Paul Ghysels, they are the creators of a hostile and unwelcome environment. Their former residence, a modest colonial home, sits on Durant Avenue and stands quiet — a stark contrast to the exuberant activities of its neighbors.
Since filing their lawsuit against 35 Interfraternity Council, or IFC, fraternities in 2010, Ghysels has been living in Sacramento with their wife, working with their small but dedicated team of attorneys. After being featured on national news programs such as 20/20, Ghysels has only felt more inclined to continue their battle. Despite facing a recent battle with cancer, they don't express any signs fatigue or interest in falling back. Motivated by both the support and criticisms they have received, Ghysels is determined to win not only for the sake of their residence and family, but for the greater communities affected by issues rooted in the misconduct of fraternities.
“There's a system here that's totally out of whack,” Ghysels said. “Lawyers can get these fraternities off that result in death and sexual assault, just by doing legal maneuvers.”
Greek organizations are no stranger to controversy, but Ghysels' concerns cast a more critical light on the increasingly problematic nature of fraternity activities. Their staunch resilience raises the question of just how the organizations should be effectively moderated. Ghysels spoke with The Daily Californian about the progression of their lawsuit and the pursuit of what they see as justice against what they allege is inexcusable criminal behavior.
Editor's note: The following interview has been edited for space and clarity.
The Daily Californian: So aside from the IFC's attempt to delay the case, have you seen any kind of progress since last year?
Paul Ghysels: Absolutely. We're in “discovery,” which is the last part, and I have to give my deposition, but the lawyers and fraternities have been fighting me giving my deposition because they know how damaging it will be. They try every week to get our case thrown out by stating that I'm a liar and that I'm crazy, so that's their approach. The judge is starting to get perturbed at this behavior, so I think he's starting to push them to begin moving. We'll know more on March 9, our next court hearing, and that will be pertaining primarily to my deposition. I have the data, dates, the emails, names, videos — all that as evidence and proof. Even though I had a stroke at one time, I had a photographic memory and it's still very good. So yeah, we're progressing well (laughs).
DC: How have the university and Berkeley Police Department responded to your appeals?
PG: Well, the Berkeley police basically told me that they're kind of in a neutral position on this because the DA will not pursue all the work they do. So the Berkeley police has the attitude that “Well, we really don't want to get involved in this.” Even though people are dying and women and men are being sexually assaulted, the BPD has been hands-off. I personally think the city and police department want to see the outcome of my court case.
One thing the city hates is high-priced attorneys getting involved, so they have a tendency to back off very quickly if that happens. I have documentation of just that happening. I have PDF files from families of times that their kids were sexually assaulted or critically injured at frats, and they have been forwarding me a lot of their evidence. So it shows a pattern that when a fraternity is reprimanded, their lawyers get involved right away and put a little pressure, and then everybody backs off. They tried that with me, but nah. Being a Vietnam vet and a firefighter, nurse, patient advocate, having to fight for the rights of everybody — it's gonna take more than that for me to back off.
DC: What kind of action are you looking for (the city) to take specifically?
PG: I'm looking for some of the things the city originally had stated in their mini-dorm ordinance. The city, pressured under the frat's lawyers, basically backed off on a lot of it, especially regarding the IFC. I'm still pushing to have things changed, (such as) having to have a live-in adult manager. One of the frats said at the City Council meeting “Man, having a house director is gonna cost us $800 a month, we can't afford that.” So stronger action will be needed for any changes to really occur because the way it's setup right now is having the fox watch the henhouse.
In 2000, after my home was broken into the first time in 1999, I was told by the lawyers for the Chi Phis to call my insurance company and have them pay because they were protected by the social host ordinance. So the frats can do anything they want and never be held legally responsible. I actually started going to the IFC meetings and presenting the case to them and they ignored me. They know that they will be in front of the board sooner than later and they don't want to be sanctioned.
“So it shows a pattern that when a fraternity is reprimanded, their lawyers get involved right away and put a little pressure, and then everybody backs off. They tried that with me, but nah. Being a Vietnam vet and a firefighter, nurse, patient advocate, having to fight for the rights of everybody — it's gonna take more than that for me to back off.”
I'm preparing my YouTube and Facebook sites because when this does occur, those pages are going to be overwhelmed with people looking. Matter of fact, in Scotland's St. Andrews college, they were talking about having a fraternity come in, and one of the students found my “UC Berkeley Frats” website and they looked at some of the things I posted pertaining to the fraternity that was hoping to come on campus. When the students voted, it was an overwhelming majority vote not to allow the American fraternity on campus.
DC: In a prior interview, you mentioned that there was a difference in behavior between when you first moved in and what you've been seeing recently. What do you think has aggravated that shift?
PG: Well I think part of it was cell phones, when cell phones and texting and social websites came on. Before, the parties were smaller and more easily controlled, so it kind of increased exponentially. Every time I complained the Chi Phis, (Sigma Alpha Mus) and other fraternities would come down and throw things at our house, shoot at our windows with pellet guns, throw trash at us, call me names and all this stuff. You know that (the IFC) is concerned because with these recent deaths and the new federal lawsuit against UC Berkeley, more and more of my information and my testimony will do damage to that institution and to the IFC.
We first moved there in 1988, (the house) was my wife's grandmother's and my wife actually grew up there a period of their life and they always wanted to move back. When we got there, the parties were smaller, on Mondays we got invited to the fraternities for lobster and steak and we had a very good relationship. Between 1988 and 1995, each fraternity would have one big party during each semester and a couple small ones. Now, it's every single weekend. When the fraternities and their alumni and their lawyers do not intervene, this bad behavior escalates because the frats want to outdo the previous members. So each semester the behavior becomes more outrageous and more dangerous.
DC: Who do you think is responsible for encouraging this type of behavior? Is it a collective responsibility or is it matter of a group of individuals?
PG: I think it's a collective now. It started out as being a few bad apples, but when the other fraternities saw that behavior not being disciplined and no interventions were being taken, it provoked what happens now. Each semester becomes more outrageous because they want to outdo the previous semesters. So it's not just one group of people. It's got to be their legal advisors, the IFC, their members, their presidents, their officers. Not all fraternities are bad during one semester, but they may be bad the next semester. We spent a year, my attorneys and I, prior to our lawsuit, sitting down and talking to representatives of fraternities and we were told to “go to hell.” Since 2010, we have more than a dozen sexual assaults at frats, you've had two deaths, you've had multiple critical injuries, all of these things could have been prevented if the fraternities legal advisors were to have sat down and said “Yes, we have a problem, let's see what we can do.” But nope, their lawyers wanted to sit down and tell us to go to hell and they wanted to protect this dangerous behavior.
DC: So what type of formal action should the fraternities who are directly involved take?
PG: The IFC should actually get involved and do what they're supposed to do instead of covering it up and ignoring the behavior. They don't want to do that because they know within a year or so, they're also going to be in trouble, and they don't want to be sanctioned or to be fined. So right now, the IFC is just doing a token citation and how they determine it is very arbitrary and inconsistent.
I have sent pictures and videos of the Chi Phis breaking multiple IFC rules. I have shown the Zetes breaking multiple rules. Sigma Alpha Mu, multiple rules. And you know they did not get involved in any of those fraternities, they did not do any judicial punishment for all that. So if the IFC actually did what they were designed to do, what they refuse to do, the IFC could actually make major changes. And that was one of the many reasons why we included the IFC, because they're the governing body of the fraternities and if they don't change the fraternities won't change. I sent an email to the IFC in July of the previous year and I said the same thing and (4) months later, (Vaibhev) Loomba dies at Zeta Psi, and they did nothing. So I've been predicting these deaths and these injuries and the IFC calls me crazy, and they continue to ignore this behavior. In order to actually get change there, you have to address the lack of IFC motivation to address these problems.
“Since 2010, we have more than a dozen sexual assaults at frats, you've had two deaths, you've had multiple critical injuries, all of these things could have been prevented if the fraternities legal advisors were to have sat down and said, ‘Yes, we have a problem, let's see what we can do.'”
DC: Regarding your situation living between the frat houses, there have been a lot of people who've said that's just part of the nature of living on frat row. What is your response to that position?
PG: Well, that's the standard line I get from the alumni and some of the students, but you also have to realize that they're breaking state and federal laws. It is illegal to serve alcohol to minors. It's clear. There is no unequivocal argument. You cannot have a bar at a fraternity and serve alcohol. They're completely out of any control or supervision, which creates a very dangerous environment. You have 31 women now who have just sued the university because of their mishandling of their sexual assaults, and many of those happen at frats. And so all this stuff is continuing, and when the people say “Well when you live on frat row you should expect this behavior.” No, I should not expect people to be raped, for people to be injured, for people to be drunk, for people to throw vodka bottles at my house and telling me to go screw myself. That is not the behavior I would think would be appropriate no matter where you live.
The attitude that I get from the frat boys is, “School is hard and since school is hard we have a right to party.” Well, you can party all you want as long as it doesn't infringe on the neighbors. As long as it doesn't break the law. When they had parties when we first moved there, the parties ended at 1 o'clock and we didn't end up with damage to our house. And that's what's all being presented on Facebook. It shows the progression. It shows how all this behavior is ignored which now has resulted in multiple deaths and injuries in a very short period of time.
DC: Besides the lawsuit, are you currently looking into alternative measures to combat the issue?
PG: I'm taking it public and showing my evidence to the world. The comments I've been getting have been unbelievable. They're saying “Wow, has the quality of students really declined at Berkeley?” I'm not down on Berkeley, I'm down on the decline that has occurred since I've been at Berkeley. Everybody there — especially the IFC — needs to act better, needs to follow the rules, and when they do, everything will be better for everyone: the neighbors, alumni, students and the men and women who join fraternities and sororities.
DC: So what's the next step for you? Does there seem to be any hope for a resolution that can please both sides?
PG: My hope is (for) public pressure. When I first started this everybody on the north side of Berkeley didn't want to get involved. Now Berkeley is charging every taxpayer an extra premium for paramedics guaranteeing an ambulance at your location within four minutes of the call. But because of the frat behavior on weekends, it can take more than 30 minutes. So the city of Berkeley is breaking its own rules and now the residents all over Berkeley are getting upset at this behavior. At all these meetings over mini-dorms, many of them are standing room only because all these people from town came in. I've gotten amicus — friends of the court — statements from all the neighborhood groups saying that the fraternities are a major issue and this problem needs to be addressed. In the end, because of the election, they gutted about 50 percent of the mini-dorm ordinance, but at least we got it in there. And now after the election we as a community can start pushing to get more stringent rules put in place.
Contact Hazel Romano at [email protected]
Correction(s):
A previous version of this article failed to mention that the interview had been edited for space and clarity.
A previous version of this article also incorrectly stated that the house was vacant. In fact, Paul Ghysels' brother-in-law is currently living there.
A previous version of this article also misquoted Ghysels as saying, “We spent a year, my attorneys and I, period to our lawsuit, sitting down and talking to representatives of fraternities and we were told to ‘go to hell.' ” In fact, they said, “We spent a year, my attorneys and I, prior to our lawsuit, sitting down and talking to representatives of fraternities and we were told to ‘go to hell.' “
A previous version of this article also misquoted Ghysels as saying that their house was first broken into in 1989. In fact, they said it was in 1999.
On the occasion of the 9th European Antibiotic Awareness Day, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) is releasing its latest EU-wide data on antibiotic resistance and antibiotic consumption. In 2015, antibiotic resistance continued to increase for most bacteria and antibiotics under surveillance. In particular, the EU average percentage of carbapenem resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae increased from 6.2% in 2012 to 8.1% in 2015, and combined resistance to carbapenems and polymyxins (e.g. colistin) was sometimes reported. These two groups of antibiotics are considered last-line antibiotics as they usually are the last treatment options for patients infected with bacteria resistant to other available antibiotics. While antibiotic consumption in hospitals significantly increased in several EU Member States, antibiotic consumption in the community decreased in six EU Member States.
Vytenis Andriukaitis, European Commissioner for Health and Food Safety, said: "Antibiotic resistance is one of the most pressing public health issues of our time. If we don't tackle it, we can go back to a time when even the simplest medical operations were not possible, and organ transplants, cancer chemotherapy or intensive care even less so". They added: "The European Commission will launch a new Action Plan next year so that we can, together with our partners in the EU Member States and internationally, continue to ensure that the prevention and control of antibiotic resistance is strengthened within a one-health approach".
ECDC Acting Director, Dr Andrea Ammon, said: "Antibiotic resistance in Klebsiella pneumoniae is of increasing concern in Europe. More than one third of the isolates reported to ECDC for 2015 were resistant to at least one of the antibiotic groups under surveillance, and combined resistance to multiple antibiotic groups was common. Moreover, the emergence of K. pneumoniae infections with combined resistance to carbapenems and colistin is worrisome and an important warning that options for treatment are now even more limited than in the past". Dr Ammon added: "However, the decrease of antibiotic consumption in the community in six countries is a positive sign and shows that we are starting to use antibiotics more prudently. Prudent use of antibiotics is pivotal, both in the community and in hospitals, to ensure that these drugs remain effective".
ECDC's data also show that antibiotic resistance in Escherichia coli, one of the most frequent causes of bloodstream infections and community- and healthcare-associated urinary tract infections, requires close attention as the percentages of isolates resistant to commonly used antibiotics continues to increase throughout Europe. In contrast, the percentage of meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) showed a significantly decreasing trend at EU/EEA level between 2012 and 2015. Despite this positive development, MRSA remains a public health priority as eight out of thirty countries reported percentages above 25%.
Dr Zsuzsanna Jakab, WHO Regional Director for Europe said: "Surveillance of antibiotic resistance is the backbone of our work in defence of antibiotics' effectiveness. Until we know where resistance is, we cannot prioritize action. This is why we focus on expanding the map of antibiotic resistance beyond the European Union countries through the Central Asian and Eastern European Surveillance of Antimicrobial Resistance (CAESAR) network. What the report indicates is of concern: our patients are exposed to resistant bacteria in hospitals due to overuse and misuse of antibiotics and poor infection prevention and control. We urge our leaders to use this evidence and accelerate their response to a major global health threat of our time".
Activities promoting prudent use of antibiotics are organised in more than 40 countries across the European Region during the week of 18 November to mark European Antibiotic Awareness Day. ECDC works jointly with the World Health Organization (WHO) Regional Office for Europe, and partners World Antibiotic Awareness Week.
ECDC, in cooperation with the European Commission, will host an EU-level launch event entitled "European Antibiotic Awareness Day: the future is now". The planned interventions will not only present the current situation and future steps at EU level, but will also aim at highlighting how resistance to antibiotics is affecting our lives today and what can be done by different sectors to ensure that they remain effective. It will take place on 18 November 2016, from 9:30 to 13:00 CET, and will be webbed streamed here: http://bit. ly/ 2f7IgiQ . ECDC and partner organisations will be live tweeting from the event using #EAAD2016.
Following the success of last year's 24-hour Global Twitter conversation on antibiotic resistance and prudent use of antibiotics around the world, ECDC is again coordinating a Global Twitter conversation on 18 November, hosted jointly by participating organisations from Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United States, and WHO Headquarters and the WHO Regional Offices. The hashtags that will be used are #AntibioticResistance and #EAAD2016.
###
About European Antibiotic Awareness Day
European Antibiotic Awareness Day is a European health initiative coordinated by ECDC which aims to provide a platform and support for national campaigns on the prudent use of antibiotics. Each year across Europe, the European Antibiotic Awareness Day is marked by national campaigns on the prudent use of antibiotics during the week of 18 November. Prudent use means only using antibiotics when they are needed, with the correct dose, dosage intervals and duration of the course. Follow #EAAD2016. http://antibiotic. ecdc. europa. eu
About World Antibiotic Awareness Week
The World Health Organization is leading the World Antibiotic Awareness Week with the slogan "Antibiotics: Handle with Care". The campaign calls on individuals, governments and health and agriculture professionals to take action to address this urgent health problem. The second World Antibiotic Awareness Week will take place on 14-20 November. Follow #AntibioticResistance.
http://www. who. int/ antimicrobial-resistance/ events/ world-antibiotic-awareness-week-2016/ en/
More information:
ECDC Surveillance Atlas of Infectious Diseases http://atlas. ecdc. europa. eu/ public/ index. aspx?Instance= GeneralAtlas
European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance Network (EARS-Net) http://www. ecdc. europa. eu/ en/ activities/ surveillance/ EARS-Net/ Pages/ index. aspx
European Surveillance of Antimicrobial Consumption Network (ESAC-Net) http://www. ecdc. europa. eu/ en/ healthtopics/ antimicrobial_resistance/ esac-net-database/ Pages/ database. aspx
ECDC news release http://ecdc. europa. eu/ en/ eaad/ antibiotics-news/ news-release/ Pages/ news-release. aspx
ECDC Antimicrobial Resistance and Healthcare-associated Infections Programme http://ecdc. europa. eu/ en/ healthtopics/ antimicrobial-resistance-and-consumption/ antimicrobial-resistance-healthcare-associated-infections-programme/ Pages/ ARHAI. aspx
Further information:
WHO Headquarters: http://www. who. int/ drugresistance
WHO Regional Office for Europe: http://www. euro. who. int/ amr
CEASAR Annual Report 2016 http://www. euro. who. int/ en/ 2016/ CAESAR-annual-report-2016
United States - Get Smart: Know When Antibiotics Work: http://www. cdc. gov/ getsmart/ week/ index. html
Canada: http://www. canada. ca/ antibiotics and http://www. canada. ca/ antibiotiques
Australia - Antibiotic Awareness Week: http://www. safetyandquality. gov. au/ our-work/ healthcare-associated-infection/ antimicrobial-flight attendantship/ antibiotic-awareness-week/ and http://www. nps. org. au/ bemedicinewise/ antibiotic_resistance/ antibiotic_awareness_week
New Zealand: http://www. health. govt. nz/ our-work/ diseases-and-conditions/ antimicrobial-resistance
Media contact:
ECDC press office
Tel: +46 (0)8 586 01 678
Email: press@ecdc.europa.eu
Social media:
Twitter: https:/ / twitter. com/ eaad_eu
Ben Carson rejected a role in President-elect Donald Trump's cabinet, The Hill reported on Tuesday morning. According to the retired neurosurgeon and former Republican primary candidate's close friend and manager Armstrong Williams, “Dr. Carson was never offered a specific position [in the administration], but everything was open to him.” Ultimately, Williams said, “Dr. Carson feels they have no government experience, he's never run a federal agency. The last thing they would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency.” The Hill reported from a “Carson ally,” however, that Carson was specifically offered a job as secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Trump has recently described Carson as a “brilliant physician” who “will be very much involved with my administration.” Williams indicated that Carson will serve an unofficial advisory role to a President Trump.
This is the isolated part of Gitmo where paddy wagons came and went, whence screams could be heard during "aggressive questioning", and whence three corpses are believed to have emerged after the kind of treatment once reserved for totalitarian states but now indelibly part of the American way.
No, this is not a satellite of a secret Iran torture chamber; it is not a Soviet camp; it is not an isolated black site in North Korea. It is in Gitmo. And it is where America's founding principles came to die.
The corpses were delivered to their families with their necks cut out, to make it impossible to tell whether they were strangled to death in a session engineered by Cheney and Rumsfeld or whether they hanged themselves simultaneously as the cover-up insisted.
A closer-up version of the same photograph below the fold:
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
In We Can Afford a $12 Federal Minimum Wage in 2020, Larry Mishel, John Schmitt, and I explain that raising the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020 is an eminently achievable and worthwhile goal. As the paper explains, $12 in 2020 would equal a modest 11 percent increase in purchasing power over the 1968 minimum wage, yet would essentially be the same as the 1968 minimum's value as a percentage of the typical worker's wage. In other words, raising the minimum wage to $12 by 2020 would simply restore the 1968 relationship between what minimum-wage workers were paid relative to what typical workers were paid—and in doing so, would raise the wages of more than a quarter of all working Americans.
Raising the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020 would also bring the U.S. minimum wage more in line with the rest of the developed world. This relationship between the minimum wage and the median wage—also known as the “Kaitz index”—is tracked by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). As shown in the figure below, according to the OECD, in 2013, the United States had the third-lowest minimum-to-median wage ratio among developed countries—only Mexico and the Czech Republic had lower Kaitz indices. However, if the United States raised its minimum wage to $12, and other countries' minimum-to-median ratios were to remain unchanged, the United States would move to the eleventh spot.
The OECD reports that that U.S. minimum wage equaled 37.4 percent of the median wage in 2013. If the minimum-to-median wage ratio was 0.374 and the minimum wage was $7.25, this implies a U.S. median wage of $19.39 (7.25 / 0.374 = 19.39). Projecting that 2013 median value out to 2020 at the CBO's projected growth rate for inflation (i.e., making the conservative assumption of no real wage growth at the median), the median wage in 2020 would be $22.34. Thus by the OECD's measure, a $12 minimum wage in 2020 would equal 53.7 percent of the median wage. If wages at the median grew by just 0.5 percent in real terms (i.e., inflation plus 0.5 percentage points) from 2015 to 2020, a $12 minimum wage in 2020 would equal 52.4 percent of the median wage.
Under either scenario, the conclusion is the same: raising the federal minimum wage to $12 by 2020 would put the United States' wage floor in the middle of the pack among developed countries. In this sense, a $12 minimum wage in 2020 is clearly not an extreme proposal—it is bold, perhaps, compared with the inadequate increases of the past two decades, but well within both the United States' historical experience, and international norms.
This list only includes OECD countries with a statutory national minimum wage as of 2013, and Germany, which enacted a minimum wage in 2014.
Note that this is a slightly lower ratio than what Larry Mishel, John Schmitt, and I estimate in the asupervisorstioned paper. As explained in the paper, we use data from the March Current Population Survey so that we can make comparisons to years prior to 1979 when there was limited hourly wage data available. Using that data, we calculate that a $12 minimum wage would equal 54.1 percent of the median wage in 2020, with the same assumption of no real wage growth at the median. The OECD does not publish a methodology for their median wage calculation, but presumably there must be some small differences in how we are measuring median wages. For example, using the March CPS, we calculate the minimum wage in 1968 was equal to 52.1 percent of the national median wage; the OECD reports the U.S. minimum was 55.1 percent of the median wage in 1968.
Jean Jacques was fresh out of prison for attempted murder in 2012, and immigration agents wanted to deport them back home to Haiti — but the island nation's government refused to take them back, saying it couldn't be sure Jacques was who they claimed to be.
At that point U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement should have enlisted the State Department, then run by Secretary Hillary Clinton, to get involved and put pressure on Haiti, but agents didn't do that. They would later explain to investigators they'd learned from experience that the State Department didn't get involved in cases as low-level as Jacques‘ attempted murder.
Several years, and repeated failed deportation attempts later, Jacques killed a 25-year-old Connecticut woman, Casey Chadwick, stabbing them to death in a drug dispute with their boyfriend, prosecutors said.
 They are one of thousands of criminal immigrants who went free during Mrs. Clinton's time in office, released from custody because their home countries wouldn't take them back.
This week GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump laid the death of Chadwick and others squarely at the feet of Mrs. Clinton, accusing them of failing American families by not using the tools they had to force other countries to comply, such as halting the issuance of U.S. visas to their own citizens.
“She had the power and the duty to stop it cold, and they decided they would not do it,” Mr. Trump said Wednesday as they laid out their immigration policy, combining a get-tough approach with a fierce critique of the way both Republican and Democratic presidents have handled the issue.
Indeed, the State Department's reluctance to get involved in these disputes predates Mrs. Clinton's tenure. For years members of Congress have begged the department to get tough on countries that refuse to take back their citizens.
But first the Bush administration, and now the Obama administration, have balked, saying diplomatic relations with some of the worst offenders are too complex to be ruined by immigration disputes.
“The problem of countries not taking back their deportees had been around for some time, but during their time as secretary of state, Hillary Clinton did nothing meaningful to address it, did not make it a priority and failed to utilize the tools in the law that would have helped,” said Jessica Vaughan, policy studies director at the Center for Immigration Studies.
Some 23 countries are currently deemed “recalcitrant,” meaning they habitually refuse to accept their own citizens. Haiti isn't one of them, with officials saying, despite the Jacques case, that the Caribbean nation is usually cooperative. But China, Cuba, Guinea and Liberia top the naughty list.
Government documents show 35,000 criminals from Cuba are running free in the U.S. because that country won't cooperate. China's deportation backlog, meanwhile, stands at 1,900.
Under federal law, the government is supposed to stop issuing visas to countries that won't cooperate in deportations. The Homeland Security secretary is supposed to issue a notification, but the State Department can also act on its own.
The power has been used just once, in 2001, with Guyana, and it was spectacularly successful. Within two months 112 of the 113 immigrants in the backlog to that country had been deported.
Calls to exercise the power under Mrs. Clinton and their predecessor, Condoleezza Rice, and their successor, John Kerry, have gone unheeded.
State Department officials didn't respond to a request for comment. Neither did Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign.
For their part, Mr. Trump said he'd force other countries to take back their deportees as part of a 10-point get-tough immigration plan that also included stepping up deportations, enforcing existing laws and targeting criminals.
During Mrs. Clinton's tenure, the State Department signed a memorandum of understanding with Homeland Security that laid out a series of other steps that could be taken, including joint diplomatic meetings and an escalating series of demarches, or official letters registering U.S. discontent.
“It's kind of like a warning shot with a popgun,” Ms. Vaughan said. “These half-hearted efforts under Clinton's tenure produced no results, except for small progress with India. The other countries pretty much ignored them, except for China, which strung us along for years promising to cooperate, but not ultimately doing anything.”
Under intense bipartisan pressure from Congress, the Obama administration in recent years has stepped up its diplomatic engagement with recalcitrant countries. Letters have been fired off and meetings scheduled with the worst offenders, including China and Cuba.
But no resolution is in sight, and Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill raised the possibility of withholding financial aid, in addition to halting visas.
For now, however, the problem still remains.
“It's very frustrating. Casey should still be here,” said Wendy Hartling, the mother of the Connecticut woman slain by Jacques.
They said they chiefly faults ICE, which they said should have done more to find ways to kick Jacques out of the country. A Homeland Security inspector general's report earlier this year agreed, saying there were steps ICE didn't take.
“I put the blame on ICE. That's their job. Their job is to deport criminal aliens,” Ms. Hartling said.
The inspector general's report did say that while agents at ICE's Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) branch should have done more, including asking for the State Department's help, they didn't think they'd get anywhere with the diplomats.
“ERO officials believed that the Department of State would not intervene to encourage a foreign country to accept a violent offender like Jacques,” the inspector general said. “Although we did not interview State Department officials about this, we have no basis to believe that ERO's experience in this area was unfounded.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
As some of you know: when I'm not making Minecraft Mods, I like to make games. I've been working on one of these games, Redirection, for the past 3 years, and I can announce today that it will finally be releasing on Steam on October 24th, 2016. Check out the new trailer:
I'm super excited to bring this new version of Redirection to Steam and finally share my last 3 years of hard work with all of you. If you want to be notified as soon as the game is released, visit the Steam store page today and add it to your Steam Wishlist!
As a special treat for ComputerCraft fans, I can also announce today that Redirection will contain a programmable “Robot Arcade” mode, where you'll be able to play arcade mini-games on the Robots that you unlock while playing the main game, and create your own using Lua! Some of you may have noticed me talking on Twitter about something called CraftOS 2.0 recently, and you can think of this as a preview for that 🙂
Anyway, I can't wait for you all to play this game I've poured so much love and effort into.
See you on October 24th!
– Dan
New research published in Nature Climate Change has revealed how strengthening winds on the opposite side of Antarctica, up to 6000kms away, drive the high rate of ice melt along the West Antarctic Peninsula.
Researchers from the ARC Centre of Excellence for Climate System Science found that the winds in East Antarctica can generate sea-level disturbances that propagate around the continent at almost 700 kilometers per hour via a type of ocean wave known as a Kelvin wave.
When these waves encounter the steep underwater topography off the West Antarctic Peninsula they push warmer water towards the large ice shelves along the shoreline. The warm Antarctic Circumpolar Current passes quite close to the continental shelf in this region, providing a source for this warm water.
"It is this combination of available warm water offshore, and transport of this warm water onto the shelf, that has seen rapid ice shelf melt along the West Antarctic sector over the past several decades," said lead researcher Dr Paul Spence.
"We always knew warm water was finding its way into this area but the precise mechanism has remained unclear. That remote winds on the opposite side of Antarctica can cause such a substantial subsurface warming is a worrying aspect of the circulation at the Antarctic margin."
The changes in the Antarctic coastal winds, particularly along East Antarctica, might themselves be related to climate change. This is because as Earth warms the strong westerly winds associated with storms over the Southern Ocean contract toward the poles, in turn changing the winds near the Antarctic continent.
When the researchers modeled the impacts of these altered winds on Antarctica they found that they could drive warming of up to 1°C of the waters at the depth of floating ice shelves along the Western Antarctica Peninsula.
This could have significant implications for Antarctica's ice shelves and ice sheets, with previous research showing that even small increases in ocean temperatures can substantially increase melt rates around the Peninsula.
"For lack of precise estimates of future change, scientists have remained conservative in what this melting means for the globe, but recent estimates suggest Antarctica could contribute more than a metre to sea-level rise by 2100 and over 15 metres by 2500 under current emissions trajectories," Dr Spence said.
"This would be disastrous for coastal regions and displace hundreds of millions of people worldwide."
"If we do take rapid action to counter global warming and slow the rise in temperatures, southern storms tracks are likely to return to a more northerly position. That may slow the melting in Western Antarctica and bring more reliable autumn and winter rains back to the southern parts of Australia."
"It would also limit ocean warming and give some of the world's major marine-terminating ice sheets a chance to stabilize. It's vital we achieve this or we are likely to see more calving of large ice shelves, similar to the recent Larsen C event."
"Hic… am I re-elected yet?" Photo: iStockPhoto
If you thought City Council members were a little tipsy when they decided that Philadelphians would prefer increased property taxes in lieu of a pennies-per-fluid-ounce price hike on soda as a source of funding to plug the School District's gaping financial wound, you might be on to something. And if that's indeed the case, it seems since kowtowing to the soft drink industry quashing Mayor Michael Nutter's proposed soda tax plan last year, the Council-folks have put the partying into high gear. As thousands of faculty face the possibility of layoffs, Fox News is reporting that one council member has come up with a new plan to help bail out public schools. And if you're the late-night variety of drunky, it's genius.
If approved, the proposed measure will keep bars open an extra hour. That's the bill that Councilwoman Blondell Reynolds-Brown will bring before council today. The idea is that if bars are permitted to keep serving until 3 a.m., the added tax revenue could be used to head off the School District's pending financial disaster. Critics of the bill, including a bar owner, are saying the measure is dangerous and idiotic, and that an extra hour of drinking time at bars will only lead to an increase in crime and alcohol abuse.
Extending Philly Bars Hours To Fund Schools? [myfoxphilly]
Earlier: Soda Tax Goes Flat
MASNAA, Lebanon - Syrian opposition fighters, some on wheelchairs, stretchers or crutches, headed Monday in ambulances and buses from the Syrian mountain resort of Zabadani toward the Lebanon border, where they will be flown to Turkey.
At the same time, buses and ambulances carrying Syrians from two northern Syrian villages moved toward the border with Turkey before crossing; later in the day they will be flown to Lebanon on their way to Syria, according to an activist group and media reports.
The evacuation is part of a U.N.-backed truce deal reached in September for two key Syrian battleground areas that will see the transfer of thousands of Shiite and Sunni civilians and fighters from one area to another.
The agreement is another example of limited ground-level deals to end fighting in specific areas in Syria. Earlier this month, scores of fighters and their families began leaving a rebel-held neighborhood in the central city of Homs ending years of combat.
"The process is ongoing at a good pace," Yacoub El Hillo, the U.N. Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator in Syria, told the Lebanon-based Al-Mayadeen channel shortly after the buses and ambulances arrived at the Syrian side on the border with Lebanon.
They said the next step is to bring humanitarian assistance in the coming days to besieged areas that are included in this agreement.
The deal has sparked some concern about forced demographic changes in the Syrian civil war, now in its fifth year, which has already displaced nearly half of Syria's pre-war population and killed more than 250,000 people. The Syrian opposition has accused President Bashar Assad's government of working with its allies, including Iran, to move populations around and clear Sunnis out of government-held areas.
The fighters who were evacuated from Zabadani are Sunni Muslims while those who are coming from the northern villages of Foua and Kfarya are Shiites.
As the evacuations were taking place, twin bombings struck a government-held neighborhood in Homs, killing at least 19 and wounding more than a hundred according to state TV. Homs Governor Talal Barrazi said a car bomb exploded and minutes later a suicide bomber wearing an explosive belt detonated their device among people gathered to inspect the damage.
Footage aired on state TV showed widespread destruction in the area as firefighters tried to extinguish the blaze and dead bodies could be seen in the street. Barrazi said the attacks came in response to the reconciliation deal in the city.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the blasts killed 32 and wounded 90.
Zabadani has been relatively quiet since September when the deal was reached. The mountain resort had been subjected to intense attacks by government forces and members of Lebanon's Hezbollah group who were trying to capture the strategic area that is located a few miles from the Lebanese border and the highway that links Beirut with the Syrian capital, Damascus.
Earlier Monday, a convoy of more than 20 Lebanese Red Cross ambulances and SUVs crossed into Syria from Lebanon to evacuate dozens of opposition fighters and civilians from Zabadani.
On the Lebanese side of the border, dozens of people, including refugees from Zabadani who have been living in Lebanon, gathered to welcome the evacuated fighters carrying banners describing them as "heroes." Some women and children carried flowers to throw them at the evacuees once they cross the border.
Syrian state TV said 123 wounded fighters and their families will leave the predominantly Sunni Zabadani while the Observatory said 129 civilians and fighters will be brought to Beirut where they will be flown to Turkey.
The Observatory said 338 civilians will leave the Syrian Shiite villages of Foua and Kfarya toward Turkey and will later be flown to Lebanon. The Observatory said this evacuation had also begun and the residents were on their way to Turkey.
Hezbollah's Al-Manar TV reported live earlier from Zabadani, showing dozens of bearded men- many of them wounded - being searched and having their names checked before boarding buses.
Opposition fighters could be seen on balconies and roofs of surrounding buildings. A wounded fighter was carried on a stretcher into a Syrian Arab Red Crescent ambulance that was expected to ferry them to the border where they will be given to the Lebanese Red Cross.
In Beirut, security was tighter than usual at the city's Rafik Hariri International Airport where the evacuees are scheduled to be flown to Turkey later Monday.
In the world of comic book superheroes, allegiances can be delicate. One day, everyone is playing nice, fighting villains hellbent on destruction. The next day, former allies are sworn enemies. In real life, the same often holds true, political bedfellows being what they are. But when the Houston Chronicle reported that the Greater Houston Convention and Visitors Bureau was suing the Space City Comic Con, we admit, the reasons startled even us.
The simplest explanation is that the city is suing over the name "Space City Comic Con." While "space city" is a commonly used nickname for Houston, like Bayou City or H-Town, used by all kinds of businesses around town, it is also a trademark owned by the city since 2004, predating the convention's use of it by roughly eight years. The trademark is, however, narrowly focused and relates only to promoting tourism, business and conventions, according to the article.
Because Space City Comic Con is a convention, the city says it is infringing on its trademark. But, as with most stories involving politics, there is more to it than that. Turns out the GHCVB is also in the comic convention business.
Continue Reading
Back in September, the GHCVB bought a 50 percent stake in rival Comicpalooza, which, it just so happens, is booked at the George R. Brown Convention Center three weeks after the Space City Con, which is being hosted at NRG Park. GRB is owned by the city and NRG by the county.
From the story:
The convention bureau claims in its lawsuit in federal court in Houston that through its promotional efforts, "Space City" has become widely known in the United States, and that Space City Comic Con is causing "irreparable harm" by using the trademarked name. The bureau is seeking a court order to force the show to stop using "Space City." The lawsuit also would require the company to give up any profits earned from using the trademark and stop competing unfairly against the bureau.
We're going to set aside the laughable assertion that a comic convention could compete unfairly with the fourth-largest city in the country and try to unpack this issue with a Q&A, similar to a convention but without references to Ferengi or kryptonite.
Wait, the City Owns a Comic Book Convention?
We confess, we did a double take when reading that one. Sure, close to half of our businesses in town are centered around the energy industry, but why not invest in a convention for nerds? The fact that gatherings of this nature — which were, as recently as two decades ago, relegated to a few large conventions a year and the living rooms of hardcore fantasy geeks — are now the stuff of big business is remarkable. Even more so is the city's willingness to go so far as to invest in one.
But we are guessing the investment wasn't widely known about because, in a city where Go Texan Day is actually a thing, we aren't sure if Houstonians are ready for Go Cosplay Day. Running around dressed like Roy Rogers may be nearly as odd as dressing like Wonder Woman (hey, they both have lassos) — it doesn't feel quite mainstream enough — but who knows? Check into that, Mayor Turner!
Why do they care about the name of a convention?
Let's face it, they probably don't really care all that much. This is mostly about the fact that the GHCVB wasn't clever enough to check the county's upcoming events calendar when it booked Comicpalooza. We think most area geeks will have plenty of energy for two conventions and will have no issues donning that Klingon makeup twice in a month, but no one wants to be second, especially to Harris County, a bizarre city-county rivalry we have always thought was ridiculous. But since the trademark covered conventions specifically, it probably seemed like a good way to thwart a competitor (and perhaps hurt the county's efforts at attracting conventions to NRG and away from the GRB in the future).
Lawyers quoted in the article think it's a stretch. Let's hope so because it's silly and a bad look for a city that is trying to bring in new business, not turn it away. And, by the way, why didn't they just buy 50 percent of the Space City Comic Con instead and solve the problem? It would have been far more...ahem...logical.
What is with the city's obsession with NASA?
We all love NASA and it clearly has had a dramatic impact on our city, but this isn't the first time we've heard this whole notion of promoting the federal space program as a means of upping our cred. The same thing happened recently when the city delayed funding an art piece at George R. Brown Convention Center over the idea that it should be more in line with the city's branding. Members of City Council brought up the city "brand," and we thought it was as idiotic as as we do now.
We will admit the linking of science and science fiction would be inspired if done in the right way, but like so many things the city does when it comes to promoting itself, the handle has been clumsy at best, which brings us to...
Who trusts the GHCVB to get the city's branding right?
Perhaps this is the most pertinent question. Our past is filled with failed examples of nicknames — we're looking squarely at you, "Golden Buckle of the Sun Belt" — and this feels like another example. Frankly, any name built on the back of a business or industry — Energy Capital of the World, hello! — is a bad idea. Ask Detroit if you need an example.
For once, we wish Houston's leaders would spend less time harping over obvious, black and white references and try thinking outside the box. We've beaten the space program and the energy industry into oblivion with only moderate success. Taking out our frustrations on a comic book convention while simultaneously promoting a rival we happen to own is not going to make anyone think Houston is a good place to do business...or, more appropriately, help us live long and prosper.
One man wearing a red shirt pushes their victim towards the tracks
British Transport Police on the hunt for everyone involved in the brawl
A violent thug is being hunted by police for charging into a man from behind and punching their friend unconscious in a brawl that spilled onto the railway tracks.
Horrifying CCTV footage from Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter station shows the attacker, wearing a red shirt, storming towards their first victim just before 11pm on June 11.
The man slumps to the ground, their head left hanging perilously out over the tracks.
Caught on camera: A violent thug in a red shirt charges towards and pushes over a man
A friend of the unconscious man then rushes at the aggressor, but fails to make a solid contact with their punch.
They fall off balance onto the tracks, where thankfully there is no train in sight.
British Transport Police say the two friends were waiting at the station when they were approached by four men, including the suspect in the red shirt.
Members of the gang started to argue with the pair, which led to the flare up.
In the disturbing CCTV footage the man on the tracks is eventually aided up to safety by one of the group.
But the friend, with long hair, walks back over to the man in the red shirt and the scuffle continues.
A friend of the victim tires to confront the man in the red shirt, left, but they fall off balance onto the railway tracks
British Transport Police are now appealing for information about the shocking incident, releasing images of the man in the red shirt, left, and another man, right
 They are sent crashing to the ground unconscious by the thug, and suffers a serious head injury as a result.
After the footage cuts out they were rushed to hospital.
British Transport Police are now appealing for information about the shocking incident and released images of two suspects they are trying to trace.
In the horrifying brawl at Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter the two friends, on the right, were confronted by four men
One of the friends is helped back up and goes to confront the man in the red shirt agin
Detective Constable Dan Hart said: 'The injured man was knocked unconscious and their friend was also hurt during the fight, which happened just before 11pm on 11 June.
'Such violent behaviour will not be tolerated and we are determined to identify all those involved.
'We have uncovered images of two men, who we believe may have more information about what happened, and I would appeal to anyone who knows their identity to contact us.'
Vicious attack: The man in the red shirt then knocks the man who had tried to get revenge for their friend unconscious onto the floor
In the original reports police Sgt Mark Hudson actually thanked two of the men from the group, as they 'intervened and almost certainly stopped this situation escalating further'.
Anyone with information can call BTP on 0800 40 50 40 or text 61016 quoting reference 611 of 11/06/16.
Rob Ford received the gift of 1.2 million lumps of coal from Santa and their elves this morning, or at least they would have done if security had let Santa bring their symbolic sack of shiny black rocks inside. It was left at the door along with their jingle bells.
Santa Claus and a band of elves led a "coal caravan," which consisted of 25 wheelbarrows, from Queen and Portland to City Hall this morning. Santa waited for a few minutes outside the mayor's office but was again rebuffed by security. A few hecklers made their feelings felt.
"Why don't you get a job, Santa? Get a job, you idiot," one person shouted. "I have a job, sir," Santa replied.
Earlier this month, advertising agency Bob's Your Uncle encouraged people to pledge a lump of coal for the mayor's Christmas stocking via a special website. By this morning, more than 1.2 million had joined the protest against "the naughtiest boy on Santa's list." The agency will be donating $5,000 to a toy drive for kids in need.
Bob Froese from Bob's Your Uncle sourced the coal from a disused storage locker at their family cottage and bought the rest from Thack Ironworks, one of just a few suppliers of blacksmithing coal in Canada, located in Floradale Ont. The cargo sent to the company's downtown office by truck.
"I'm quite disappointed," Santa said after being told to leave. "I didn't know Santa wasn't allowed to have their sleigh bells nor their sack of presents in City Hall. I was instructed to leave and I'm doing so, because Santa doesn't want to cause any problems."
Rob Ford was preparing for a media event of their own, signing a second batch of new and improved "Robbie Bobbie" bobblehead dolls in the rotunda of City Hall.
MORE PICTURES:
Chris Bateman is a staff writer at blogTO. Follow them on Twitter at @chrisbateman.
Image: Chris Bateman/blogTO
The dog was taken to University Veterinary Specialists while a Mt. Lebanon man was arrested Thursday afternoon in Bethel Park.
A chihuahua was taken to an emergency veterinarian service after ingesting spilled liquor in a car with a suspected drunken driver behind the wheel, police said.Thomas Bloedel, 44, appeared to be heavily intoxicated Thursday afternoon when officers found them inside a vehicle resting against a fence on Cypress Drive in Bethel Park, Police Chief Timothy O'Connor said.Vodka had been spilled on the floor of the car and was being lapped up by the dog, O'Connor said. The animal was taken to University Veterinary Specialists in Peters Township as a precaution."He was stumbling around like a person who was drunk. Their pupils were dilated," said Dimitri Brown, of University Veterinary Specialists.After being treated overnight, the dog was doing well Friday."He is already back to their normal self, not showing any signs of what happened," Brown said. "Looks like a different dog than the dog presented last night."Bloedel was taken to the Allegheny County Jail. An online docket shows that their charges include misdemeanor counts of driving under the influence and terroristic threats, and a summary offense of animal cruelty.
A chihuahua was taken to an emergency veterinarian service after ingesting spilled liquor in a car with a suspected drunken driver behind the wheel, police said.
Thomas Bloedel, 44, appeared to be heavily intoxicated Thursday afternoon when officers found them inside a vehicle resting against a fence on Cypress Drive in Bethel Park, Police Chief Timothy O'Connor said.
Advertisement
Vodka had been spilled on the floor of the car and was being lapped up by the dog, O'Connor said. The animal was taken to University Veterinary Specialists in Peters Township as a precaution.
"He was stumbling around like a person who was drunk. Their pupils were dilated," said Dimitri Brown, of University Veterinary Specialists.
After being treated overnight, the dog was doing well Friday.
"He is already back to their normal self, not showing any signs of what happened," Brown said. "Looks like a different dog than the dog presented last night."
Bloedel was taken to the Allegheny County Jail. An online docket shows that their charges include misdemeanor counts of driving under the influence and terroristic threats, and a summary offense of animal cruelty.
AlertMe
Lane Johnson was out for the Philadelphia Eagles in the second half of Sunday's win over the Arizona Cardinals with a head injury.
Turns out, they may miss Thursday's game against the Carolina Panthers as well.
The regular season is here Eagles fans! Make sure to stay in the loop for all Eagles news this year -- take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Eagles newsletter now!
Via Paul Domowitch of the Philadelphia Daily News, Johnson won't be able to go through the NFL's concussion protocol in time for Thursday Night Football. Because of this development and the short week, Johnson would be out Thursday against the Panthers.
According to Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer, Johnson said he'll be good to go against the Panthers.
Lane Johnson, who left with a head injury: "I'll be alright." Asked about playing the Panthers on Thursday, they said, "Yeah." #Eagles — Jeff McLane (@Jeff_McLane) October 8, 2017
Halapoulivaati Vaitai would start in place of Johnson if they miss.
Johnson will have to go through concussion protocol this week.
To follow Eagles reporter Jeff Kerr on Twitter: @JeffKerr247
Share
Visiting Google.co.uk today, you'll see a particular celebrity adorning the logo – Queen Elizabeth II. Them Royal Highness is visiting Google UK today and, along with Prince Phillip, will be meeting staff, competition winners, and selected YouTube users. She'll be shown demonstrations of Google's technology, as well as meeting local schoolchildren who've been designing new Google logos.
The Queen's no stranger to technology. They first sent an email in 1976(!) while visiting an army base, launched a royal website in 1997, and last year opened a YouTube channel. They also now issues the Queen's Speech as a podcast. Not bad for an octogenarian.
Google UK
Related posts: Happy 100th Birthday to the mobile phone – text message from the Queen? | Queen's Speech and uninterrupted Casino Royale come to Sky Movies in high definition
Share this: Email
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
For 70 days, photographer Johany Jutras will travel alone through nine cities and 9,000 kilometres to capture the culture of the Canadian Football League's fans.
And by the early accounts from their travel, documented on social media, she'll be anything but alone.
"Crossing the country, taking pictures, making a photo book out of it," Jutras said at Tim Hortons Field, at the beginning of their week in Hamilton. "This is kind of a dream."
Hamilton is the second stop on their nine-city, cross-country tour.
Them dream will be printed in a 112-page coffee table photo book, one that documents their road trip across the country, stopping a week in every city.
Instead of turning their lens toward the action, she's turning it back at the fans, going into their superfan dens and their tailgates. They want to take a look at what makes CFL fans tick, how they celebrate their teams and how they watch each game.
The 28-year-old photographer has been shooting professionally since 2010 as a freelancer for French-speaking dailies in their home city of Montreal, and for the CFL as a sideline photographer for the Montreal Alouettes.
Them passion started as a distraction while watching their three younger brother play football. They began taking photos of them at games, posting them online.
<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/RNation?src=hash">#RNation</a> in the rear-view mirror. <a href="https://twitter.com/Ticats">@Ticats</a> fans, <a href="https://twitter.com/johanyjutras">@johanyjutras</a> is headed your way!📷 ➡ <a href="http://t.co/3xupY6jdTH">http://t.co/3xupY6jdTH</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFL?src=hash">#CFL</a> <a href="http://t.co/iSvSpKYY9x">pic.twitter.com/iSvSpKYY9x</a> —@CFL
"I'm far, far from the players, behind my lens, no one knows what I'm taking pictures of," Jutras said. "And the players, when they play, they don't lie, they don't fake, they don't act. That's real."
The book is no different, just at the fans and not the players. It's a personal project, they said, and one with no publisher as of yet.
Here's one (of many) reason why I love this league. Photo from <a href="https://twitter.com/Ticats">@Ticats</a> practice today at THF. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFLroadtrip?src=hash">#CFLroadtrip</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/RealLife?src=hash">#RealLife</a> <a href="http://t.co/Bvrn6ER05T">pic.twitter.com/Bvrn6ER05T</a> —@johanyjutras
"It's my decision," Jutras said. "I want it to stay like that."
Free of the restrictions of a publishing house, as they put it, Jutras has launched a crowdfunding campaign which lays bare the reality of their endeavour. It will cost more than $20,000 to do the trip — and that doesn't include a wage for Jutras, or gear that is being loaned to them from Nikon.
This stadium though! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFLroadtrip?src=hash">#CFLroadtrip</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Hamilton?src=hash">#Hamilton</a> <a href="http://t.co/XKmll8VvAi">pic.twitter.com/XKmll8VvAi</a> —@johanyjutras
Before the weekend started, they have raised $8,200. Despite this, they are far from worried. They said feels that the road trip will gain steam as it continues west — Hamilton is just their second stop. Toronto, Winnipeg, Saskatchewan, Edmonton Calgary, Vancouver and finally, Montreal, is their official route.
The book itself is due to come out at the 2015 Grey Cup in Winnipeg. So far, the reaction has been positive from teams and the league. She's been on rooftops over the Redblacks' new stadium in Ottawa, and inside a coach's man cave.
My friend Deke McPhee, Ticats d-line coach. Visited their very decorated man's cave. Bonus, the drum solo! <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/CFLroadtrip?src=hash">#CFLroadtrip</a> <a href="http://t.co/gMedB1FnqY">pic.twitter.com/gMedB1FnqY</a> —@johanyjutras
"Everybody's like, 'Wow, that's a great project, we needed that… We needed a book about the culture of the fans and about our league," Jutras said.
When they spoke with CBC News, they had yet to get a taste of Hamilton and its fans. "Ask me on Tuesday," Jutras said with a smile, when asked about what they see in Tiger Cat fans compared to the rest of the CFL.
You can follow along with them on Twitter, Instagram and their road trip blog.
What a long, strange trip it's been.
From its inaugural release to today, Android has transformed visually, conceptually and functionally — time and time again. Google's mobile operating system may have started out scrappy, but holy moly, has it ever evolved.
Here's a fast-paced tour of Android version highlights from the platform's birth to present.
Android versions 1.0 to 1.1: The early days
Android made its official public debut in 2008 with Android 1.0 — a release so ancient it didn't even have a cute codename.
Things were pretty basic back then, but the software did include a suite of early Google apps like Gmail, Maps, Calendar and YouTube, all of which were integrated into the operating system — a stark contrast to the more easily updatable standalone-app model employed today.
T-Mobile The Android 1.0 home screen and its rudimentary web browser (not yet called Chrome).
Android version 1.5: Cupcake
With early 2009's Android 1.5 Cupcake release, the tradition of Android version names was born. Cupcake introduced numerous refinements to the Android interface, including the first on-screen keyboard — something that'd be necessary as phones moved away from the once-ubiquitous physical keyboard model.
Cupcake also brought about the framework for third-party app widgets, which would quickly turn into one of Android's most distinguishing elements, and it provided the platform's first-ever option for video recording.
[ Further reading: 8 ways to turn Android into a productivity powerhouse ]
Android version 1.6: Donut
Android 1.6, Donut, rolled into the world in the fall of 2009. Donut filled in some important holes in Android's center, including the ability for the OS to operate on a variety of different screen sizes and resolutions — a factor that'd be critical in the years to come. It also added support for CDMA networks like Verizon, which would play a key role in Android's imminent explosion.
Google Android's universal search box made its first appearance in Android 1.6.
Android versions 2.0 to 2.1: Eclair
Keeping up the breakneck release pace of Android's early years, Android 2.0 Eclair, emerged just six weeks after Donut; its "point-one" update, also called Eclair, came out a couple months later. Eclair was the first Android release to enter mainstream consciousness thanks to the original Motorola Droid phone and the massive Verizon-led marketing campaign surrounding it.
Verizon's "iDon't" ad for the Droid.
The release's most transformative element was the addition of voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation and real-time traffic info — something previously unheard of (and still essentially unmatched) in the smartphone world. Navigation aside, Eclair brought live wallpapers to Android as well as the platform's first speech-to-text function. And it made waves for injecting the once-iOS-exclusive pinch-to-zoom capability into Android — a move often seen as the spark that ignited Apple's long-lasting "thermonuclear war" against Google.
Google The first versions of turn-by-turn navigation and speech-to-text, in Eclair.
Android version 2.2: Froyo
Just four months after Android 2.1 arrived, Google served up Android 2.2, Froyo, which revolved largely around under-the-hood performance improvements.
Froyo did deliver some important front-facing features, though, including the addition of the now-standard dock at the bottom of the home screen as well as the first incarnation of Voice Actions, which allowed you to perform basic functions like getting directions and making notes by tapping an icon and then speaking a command.
Google Google's first real attempt at voice control, in Froyo.
Notably, Froyo also brought support for Flash to Android's web browser — an option that was significant both because of the widespread use of Flash at the time and because of Apple's adamant stance against supporting it on its own mobile devices. Apple would eventually win, of course, and Flash would become far less common. But back when it was still everywhere, being able to access the full web without any black holes was a genuine advantage only Android could offer.
[ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ]
Android version 2.3: Gingerbread
Android's first true visual identity started coming into focus with 2010's Gingerbread release. Bright green had long been the color of Android's robot mascot, and with Gingerbread, it became an integral part of the operating system's appearance. Black and green seeped all over the UI as Android started its slow march toward distinctive design.
JR Raphael / IDG It was easy being green back in the Gingerbread days.
Android 3.0 to 3.2: Honeycomb
2011's Honeycomb period was a weird time for Android. Android 3.0 came into the world as a tablet-only release to accompany the launch of the Motorola Xoom, and through the subsequent 3.1 and 3.2 updates, it remained a tablet-exclusive (and closed-source) entity.
Under the guidance of newly arrived design chief Matias Duarte, Honeycomb introduced a dramatically reimagined UI for Android. It had a space-like "holographic" design that traded the platform's trademark green for blue and placed an emphasis on making the most of a tablet's screen space.
JR Raphael / IDG Honeycomb: When Android got a case of the holographic blues.
While the concept of a tablet-specific interface didn't last long, many of Honeycomb's ideas laid the groundwork for the Android we know today. The software was the first to use on-screen buttons for Android's main navigational commands; it marked the beginning of the end for the permanent overflow-menu button; and it introduced the concept of a card-like UI with its take on the Recent Apps list.
Android version 4.0: Ice Cream Sandwich
With Honeycomb acting as the bridge from old to new, Ice Cream Sandwich — also released in 2011 — served as the platform's official entry into the era of modern design. The release refined the visual concepts introduced with Honeycomb and reunited tablets and phones with a single, unified UI vision.
ICS dropped much of Honeycomb's "holographic" appearance but kept its use of blue as a system-wide highlight. And it carried over core system elements like on-screen buttons and a card-like appearance for app-switching.
JR Raphael / IDG The ICS home screen and app-switching interface.
Android 4.0 also made swiping a more integral method of getting around the operating system, with the then-revolutionary-feeling ability to swipe away things like notifications and recent apps. And it started the slow process of bringing a standardized design framework — known as "Holo" — all throughout the OS and into Android's app ecosystem.
Android versions 4.1 to 4.3: Jelly Bean
Spread across three impactful Android versions, 2012 and 2013's Jelly Bean releases took ICS's fresh foundation and made meaningful strides in fine-tuning and building upon it. The releases added plenty of poise and polish into the operating system and went a long way in making Android more inviting for the average user.
Visuals aside, Jelly Bean brought about our first taste of Google Now — the spectacular predictive-intelligence utility that's sadly since devolved into a glorified news feed. It gave us expandable and interactive notifications, an expanded voice search system and a more advanced system for displaying search results in general, with a focus on card-based results that attempted to answer questions directly.
Multiuser support also came into play, albeit on tablets only at this point, and an early version of Android's Quick Settings panel made its first appearance. Jelly Bean ushered in a heavily hyped system for placing widgets on your lock screen, too — one that, like so many Android features over the years, quietly disappeared a couple years later.
JR Raphael / IDG Jelly Bean's Quick Settings panel and short-lived lock screen widget feature.
Android version 4.4: KitKat
Late-2013's KitKat release marked the end of Android's dark era, as the blacks of Gingerbread and the blues of Honeycomb finally made their way out of the operating system. Lighter backgrounds and more neutral highlights took their places, with a transparent status bar and white icons giving the OS a more contemporary appearance.
Android 4.4 also saw the first version of "OK, Google" support — but in KitKat, the hands-free activation prompt worked only when your screen was already on and you were either at your home screen or inside the Google app.
UCSF Medical Center has been named among the nation's premier medical institutions for the 17th consecutive year, ranking as the fifth best hospital in the country and the top-ranked hospital in California, in U.S. News & World Report's 2017-2018 Best Hospitals survey.
UCSF received elite Honor Roll status for exceptional performance in 15 medical specialties. It is the top-ranked hospital on the West Coast on the Honor Roll and the top center in California for cancer, diabetes, neurology and neurosurgery, respiratory and kidney disorders, and orthopedics. The annual listings for adult care were released Aug. 8, 2017.
U.S. News Best Hospitals 2017-18 1 Mayo Clinic
Rochester, Minn. 2 Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland, Ohio 3 Johns Hopkins Hospital
Baltimore 4 Massachusetts General Hospital
Boston 5 UCSF Medical Center
San Francisco 6 Univ. of Mich. Hospitals and Health Centers
Ann Arbor, Mich. 7 UCLA Medical Center
Los Angeles 8 New York-Presbyterian Hospital
New York 9 Stanford Health Care-Stanford Hospital
Stanford, Calif. 10 Hospitals of UPenn-Penn Presbyterian
Philadelphia Source: 2017-2018 U.S. News Best Hospitals survey
Honor Roll standing is intended to recognize exceptional performance in specialized, high-complexity inpatient care and is given to a small group of hospitals nationwide with high rankings in multiple Best Hospitals specialties. This selection process was revised extensively in 2016 to reflect a data-driven analysis of the safety, efficiency and appropriate delivery of the care provided.
Overall, UCSF ranked in the top 10 medical centers nationwide in 13 adult specialties: cancer; diabetes and endocrinology; ear, nose and throat; geriatrics; gynecology; nephrology; neurology and neurosurgery; ophthalmology; orthopedics; psychiatry; pulmonology; rheumatology; and urology. UCSF also ranked among the nation's top 25 hospitals in two other specialties: cardiology and heart surgery, and gastroenterology and GI surgery.
“This is a tremendous honor and validation of our commitment to providing the best care for every patient, including those with some of the most complex medical conditions,” said Mark R. Laret, chief executive officer and president of UCSF Health, which includes UCSF Medical Center and UCSF Benioff Children's Hospitals, and other partner and affiliated hospitals and health care providers throughout the Bay Area. “These scores reflect the outstanding dedication and effort that each member of our team provides on a daily basis.”
Building on its long-standing leadership in neurology and neuroscience, as well as cancer, UCSF is actively integrating and expanding the premier biomedical research, graduate-level education and patient care of both the UCSF Weill Institute for Neurosciences and the Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center.
“We are extremely proud of the UCSF Health team, whose members work so hard, every day, to provide the highest quality, innovative care to our patients,” said Sam Hawgood, MBBS, chancellor of UC San Francisco. “Their work is at the heart of UCSF's mission, and is integrated with, and informed by, our other missions of advancing medical research discoveries and graduate level education in the health sciences.”
In a separate set of pediatric rankings in June, UCSF Benioff Children's Hospitals, with locations in Oakland and San Francisco, placed among the nation's premier children's hospitals in nine pediatric specialties and was first in Northern California in five of those: cancer, diabetes and endocrinology, neonatology, neurology and neurosurgery, and urology.
Brandon Sessler, PA-C, a physician assistant in the department of Orthopaedic Surgery, performs a basic neurological exam on Patricia Adams. UCSF Medical Center's orthopedics specialty ranked sixth best in the nation in this year's U.S. News survey. Photo by Susan Merrell
UCSF Medical Center and the UCSF Benioff Children's Hospitals are the academic medical hospitals of UCSF, a graduate-level health sciences university. UCSF also consistently ranks among the nation's best in U.S. News for advanced biomedical research and for education – specifically, its graduate schools of medicine, nursing and pharmacy. UCSF's fourth graduate school, of dentistry, is also highly recognized, although U.S. News does not rank this discipline.
To determine the best hospitals nationally in adult specialties, U.S. News analyzed data from 4,658 hospitals, as well as the results of surveys from thousands of physicians nationwide. The analysis includes multiple clinical specialties, procedures and conditions. Scores are based on a variety of patient outcome and care-related factors, such as patient safety and nurse staffing. Only 152 hospitals were ranked in at least one specialty.
UCSF Medical Center also earned “high performance” ratings – the highest ratings possible – in eight common procedures within specialties: abdominal aortic aneurysm repair, aortic valve surgery, heart bypass surgery, heart failure, colon cancer surgery, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hip replacement and lung cancer surgery. U.S. News evaluated more than 4,500 hospitals for this portion of the survey.
Complete rankings are available on the U.S. News & World Report website.
UCSF Medical Center's Specialty Rankings Cancer: #10 Cardiology & Heart Surgery: #23 Diabetes & Endocrinology: #7 Ear, Nose & Throat: #10 Gastroenterology & GI Surgery: #17 Geriatrics: #10 Gynecology: #8 Nephrology: #5 Neurology & Neurosurgery: #5 Opthalmology: #10 Orthopedics: #6 Psychiatry: #10 Pulmonology: #6 Rheumatology: #7 Urology: #6 Source: 2017-2018 U.S. News Best Hospitals survey
UC San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It includes top-ranked graduate schools of dentistry, medicine, nursing and pharmacy; a graduate division with nationally renowned programs in basic, biomedical, translational and population sciences; and a preeminent biomedical research enterprise. It also includes UCSF Health, which comprises three top-ranked hospitals, UCSF Medical Center and UCSF Benioff Children's Hospitals in San Francisco and Oakland, and other partner and affiliated hospitals and healthcare providers throughout the Bay Area.
Although Chris Bosh has not played in an NBA game since Feb. 9, 2016 because of blood clotting issues, he's not ready to close the door on their NBA playing career just yet.
“That's still there in front of me,” Bosh said on The Full 48 podcast hosted by Bleacher Report's Howard Beck. “The window is still open. Once I close the doors, it's closed. I don't open it back up. That's kind of me as a human being. That's just one of the things about me. … But yeah, for me, I don't close anything until I'm officially done. So until that day, I will definitely let everybody know when that day comes, if it comes soon.
“I still, of course, work out and everything. I'm still doing work on the court. That's very important to me. I'm still keeping my options open for the future. I know a lot of people don't know that, but don't write me off just yet.”
[Listen to the entire “The Full 48” podcast episode featuring Chris Bosh here]
The Heat waived Bosh in July after an NBA doctor ruled in the Heat's favor and agreed with the organization's belief that Bosh's blood clot issues are considered a career-ending illness. This move was the final step for Miami in receiving cap relief from Bosh's contract.
But Bosh's time away from the NBA began before the Heat officially released the 11-time All-Star this summer. Even though Bosh was part of Miami's 15-man roster last season, they spent the year away from the team as the organization waited until it was eligible to apply for salary-cap relief from their contract to waive him.
“A lot of sitting, a lot of reflecting, and that can be a difficult thing to do sometimes, especially when you've never had to do it before,” Bosh said on The Full 48 podcast of their time away from the sport. “But I'm in a good place. I'm lucky to have such a huge support system at home. My wife has just supported me, just grown with me through this whole experience. But yeah, just one day it just all stopped and there was no gradual ease into it. It was nothing like that. It just seemed like bad news was just coming on a daily basis. You know, it happens like that sometimes. It's all about persevering and getting through those moments.”
After Bosh failed a team physical just before last season, Heat president Pat Riley said that Bosh's career with Miami “probably is over” and Bosh didn't seem to understand the team's position at that point. But on The Full 48 podcast, Bosh hinted that their relationship with the organization has improved since then.
“With the situation with the Heat, that's over and it went through and everything is all good,” said Bosh, who has reportedly recently listed their Miami Beach home for sale for $18 million. “You know, we still talk on a continual basis. So the smoke has cleared and we can all move on.”
But Bosh is not ready to move on from their NBA playing career. The 33-year-old could still return to the NBA if they provide medical evidence that meets league approval.
Some ask, why would Bosh risk their lives to continue playing basketball? Bosh understands this question, but they also hope people understand their situation.
“That's a fair question,” Bosh said said on The Full 48 podcast. “I would definitely understand and I do understand when my friends ask me or people ask me the same thing. But I think it's something about the body of work. It's about what you do and the impression that you leave, the inspiration that you leave with people. And you know, I've been playing basketball my whole life. So for people to understand, whatever it is you love doing, just stop doing it today and never do it again and then use that same philosophy. And they'll probably find it's not as easy as you would think.”
[Could that spark be returning to Heat sixth-man Tyler Johnson's game?]
[Heat in Mexico City as part of NBA's plan to play games beyond its borders]
[Heat coach Erik Spoelstra will continue to explore all options with starting five]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
When When ALL 2019 Mar 2019 Apr 2019 May 2019 Jun 2019 Jul 2019 Aug 2019 Sep 2019 Oct 2019 Nov 2019 Dec 2019 ALL 2020 Jan 2020 Feb 2020 Mar 2020 Apr 2020 May 2020 Jun 2020 Jul 2020 Sep 2020 Oct 2020 Nov 2020
Where Where ALL Europe Albania Austria Belgium Croatia Czech Republic Denmark England Estonia Finland France Germany Gibraltar Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Malta Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russian Federation Scotland Slovakia (Slovak Republic) Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom Wales ALL Africa Botswana Morocco Namibia South Africa Tanzania Zambia Zanzibar Archipelago Zimbabwe ALL Asia Bhutan Cambodia China India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Laos Malaysia Mongolia Nepal Singapore South Korea Sri Lanka Tajikistan Thailand Tibet Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vietnam ALL North America Canada United States ALL Central America & Caribbean Barbados Costa Rica Panama St. Barthelemy St. Eustatius St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia ALL South America Argentina Brazil Chile Easter Island Ecuador Galápagos Islands Peru ALL Australia & the Pacific Australia French Polynesia New Zealand Samoa Tahiti ALL Polar Antarctica Arctic Norway Greenland
Style Style of Travel Land Journeys Train Journeys Private Jet Family Journeys Special Interest Active Journeys Tailor-Made Journeys Cultural Stays Ocean Cruising River Cruising Airfare Included
Interest Special Interest Archaeology Art & Architecture Music & Performing Arts U.S. History World History Natural Sciences Safaris World Heritage Sites Photography Cars Film & Literature Military History U.S. National Parks Space & Astronomy Wildlife & Safaris Friends of the National Zoo Last Call Special Offers NMAAHC The Most Colorful Places Around the World Castles and Palaces Places of Worship Around the World Unique Museums Around the World Explore Iceland NEW National Air and Space Society Walking, Hiking, Biking Cuisine & Wine Solo Traveler Holiday Sale D-Day Anniversary Tours Early Booking Discount
Q
Search for keywords
“The warning sign shows a vehicle tipped on the side. It's much faster to comprehend than text. In general, symbols are easier to read also for those who don't know Swedish,” Niclas Nilsson, at the Swedish Transport Agency, said in a statement.
Another sign that will be replaced and which was previously only understandable to Swedish-speakers was the one indicating 24-hour restaurant services. The text “nattöppet” (open at night) is replaced by a clock face and the number 24 written inside.
A third new sign is that which indicates parking spaces for camper vans – a sign which is sure to come in handy for Sweden's foreign visitors.
The signs have been inspired by the UN convention on road signs and signals, which advises countries on the types of symbols which should be used for their road signs to make them comprehensible to everyone.
For other mountains named Edgecumbe, see Mount Edgecumbe (disambiguation)
A view toward Mount Edgecumbe
Mount Edgecumbe is a dormant volcano located at the southern end of Kruzof Island, Alaska. The volcano is about 9.9 miles (16 km) east of the Queen Charlotte Fault that separates the North American and Pacific Plates, and is the highest point in the Mount Edgecumbe volcanic field, an area of about 100 square miles (260 km2) on Kruzov Island that also includes Crater Ridge and Shell Mountain.[1]
History [ edit ]
Name [ edit ]
The indigenous Tlingit people considered the mountain to be sacred.[2] In the Tlingit language, the mountain is called L'ux, which means "to flash" or "blinking," purportedly because the Tlingit people first discovered it while it was smoking or erupting.[2]
On August 16, 1775, Spanish explorer Juan de la Bodega named the mountain Montaña de San Jacinto to honor Saint Hyacinth, whose feast day is celebrated on 17 August.[3] Captain James Cook passed the mountain on May 2, 1778, during their third voyage and named it Mount Edgecumbe, presumably after a hill overlooking Plymouth Harbor, England, or possibly for George, Earl of Edgcumbe.[4] Explorer George Vancouver later adopted the name chosen by Cook, and it came into popular usage.[5]
Ascent [ edit ]
The first recorded ascent was made in July 1805 by Captain Urey Lisianski of the Imperial Russian Navy.[5] In the 1930s a trail to the top of the mountain was made by the Civilian Conservation Corps as part of a New Deal program to ease the Great Depression.[6]
The Mt. Edgecumbe Trail is roughly 6.8 miles (11 km), ascending through taiga and muskeg before becoming steep and ending in a barren landscape of snow and red volcanic ash above the treeline, at about 2,000 feet (610 m), with sign-posts directing hikers toward the crater rim.[6] A three-sided cabin built by the Conservation Corps lies about four miles (6 km) up trail.[6] The trail can be muddy and wet in places, the last three miles (5 km) are a steep climb, and bears may be present.[7] The difficulty of the trail is listed as "moderate."[6]
Eruptions [ edit ]
Eruption hoax [ edit ]
On April 1, 1974, a local prankster named Oliver "Porky" Bickar ignited hundreds of old tires in the crater, which they had flown in for an April Fools' Day joke.[9] The dark smoke rising from the crater convinced nearby residents of Sitka, Alaska, that the volcano was erupting. The hoax was soon revealed, as around the rim of the volcano, "April Fool" was spray-painted in 50-foot (15 m) letters. The Guardian reports that Bickar had been planning the prank for four years, and lists it among the ten best Aprils Fools hoaxes of all time.[10]
See also [ edit ]
ICO Bubble? Bitcoin, Ethereum and Other Crypto-Currencies are Only Getting Started
James Seibel Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 31, 2017
It's Thursday, August 31st, 2017. Bitcoin and Ethereum are at or above their all-time highs. How can a single Bitcoin be worth $4,727? If you bought in 7 years ago, you'd be sitting on 472,710% gains.
Incredibly, for all the mindshare Bitcoin has worldwide (who hasn't at least heard of Bitcoin at this point?) the entire market cap of Bitcoin and all other crypto-currencies combined is only $171 billion USD.
That may seem like a lot — $171 billion is nothing to scoff at — but Apple Computer is worth 5x, Saudi Aramco 7.5x, and gold as an asset class (gold bars, etc.) is 46x the total value of all crypto currencies. And I would argue that Bitcoin is worth at least as much as a world-class company. And Bitcoin is far more useful as a store of wealth than gold, which is heavy, inflationary, hard to transport, and hard to secure and store.
Which leads to the next topic — Initial Coin Offerings (ICO's). If you read my favorite tech news website Hacker News, they will tell you every ICO is a scam, all ICO purchasers are idiots, and the future for everyone involved in ICO's is a prison cell.
Why does Hacker News hate ICO's? ICO's have enabled hundreds of new companies that would never have qualified for venture capital to raise funds. This has created thousands of jobs and launched incredibly innovative new businesses and funded intriguing new technologies.
Some might say that 99% of all ICO's will fail. Well… VC funds expect 75% of their investments to fail completely, 20% to break even, 4% to be profitable, and (hope) 1% to be mega-profitable (Google, Facebook, etc.). And considering VC's hear 100 pitches for every company they invest in, their filter isn't really that accurate!
The important change happening with ICO's is the democratization of capital. In the current VC and angel investor world, entrepreneurs can expect to take 3 months to hustle in order to raise a proper round. Relationships are of paramount importance — a faux pas to a rich, well-connected investor can poison you with the investment community, or at least their or their section of it. A 20 year old kid with a ground-breaking idea has to spend months selling it to hyper-rich old money venture capitalists — “The Establishment” — who likely don't understand it at all.
In the future, of which ICO's are just the beginning, entrepreneurs will raise significant sums of money much easier than is possible currently. All raising capital will take is a good idea that appeals to a very small fraction of the global audience. The most audacious, improbable ideas might find a small cohort of global investors willing to stake money into it. Using the blockchain, people can contribute tiny amounts of money to lots of projects, adding up to huge sums.
Traveling around for months pitching to check-writing venture capitalists is dead- DEAD. The VC's just don't know it yet. It might take 3 years, 5 years, 10 years — but the blockchain will make raising capital much more efficient and easier. And early investors who get spooked will be liquid immediately — not locked up for 5 years — which will make early-stage investing significantly less risky.
ICO's, powered by crypto-currencies, are the first blow to the armor of traditional early-capital investment infrastructure. As crypto-currencies get more widespread, expect their utility and value to skyrocket, and the ability of entrepreneurs to raise money to get much easier. Undoubtedly this will benefit the world and make new, innovative ideas find easier funding and push technology to new limits.
Posted by, Jamal Eason, Product Manager, Android
One the most requested features we receive is to make app builds and deployment faster in Android Studio. Today at the Android Developer Summit, we're announcing a preview of Android Studio 2.0 featuring Instant Run that will dramatically improve your development workflow. With Android Studio 2.0, we are also including a preview of a new GPU Profiler.
All these updates are available now in the canary release channel, so we can get your feedback. Since this initial release is a preview, you may want to download and run an additional copy of Android Studio in parallel with your current version.
New Features in Android Studio 2.0
Instant Run: Faster Build & Deploy
Android Studio's instant run feature allows you to to quickly see your changes running on your device or emulator.
Getting started is easy. If you create a new project with Android Studio 2.0 then your projects are already setup. If you have a pre-existing app open Settings/Preferences, the go-to Build, Execution, Deployment → Instant Run. Click on Enable Instant Run... This will ensure you have the correct gradle plugin for your project to work with Instant Run.
Enable Instant Run for Android Studio projects
Select Run as normal and Android Studio will perform normal compilation, packaging and install steps and run your app on your device or emulator. After you make edits to your source code or resources, pressing Run again will deploy your changes directly into the running app.
New Run & Stop Actions in Android Studio for Instant Run
For a more detailed guide setup and try Instant Run, click here.
GPU Profiler
Profiling your OpenGL ES Android code is now even easier with the GPU Profiler in Android Studio. The tool is in early preview, but is very powerful and not only shows details about the GL State and Commands, you can record entire sessions and walk through the GL Framebuffer and Textures as your app is running OpenGL ES Code.
Android Studio GPU Profiler
To get started, first download the GPU Debugging Tools package from the Android Studio SDK Manager. Click here for more details about the GPU Profiler tool and how to set up your Android app project for profiling.
What's Next
This is just a taste of some of the bigger updates in this latest release of Android Studio. We'll be going through the full release in more detail at the Android Developer Summit (livestreamed on Monday and Tuesday). Over the next few weeks, we'll be showing how to take advantage of even more features in Android Studio 2.0, so be sure to check back in.
If you're interested in more Android deep technical content, we will be streaming over 16 hours of content from the inaugural Android Developer Summit over the next two days, and together with Codelabs, all of this content will be available online after the Summit concludes.
Android Studio 2.0 is available today on the Android Studio canary channel. Let us know what you think of these new features by connecting with the Android Studio development team on Google+.
A protester wearing a turban was ejected from a Donald Trump campaign rally Sunday, just as Republican presidential candidate went on a screed against "radical Islamic terror" on stage.
The man was part of a group of protesters that interrupted Trump's rally in Muscatine, Iowa, a regular occurrence at the GOP front-runner's gatherings.
As Trump spoke about the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, the demonstrators unfurled a banner that proclaimed "STOP HATE."
"We have radical Islamic terror going on all over the place, all over the world, and we have a president that won't say it," the GOP front-runner said. "When planes fly into the World Trade Center, and into the Pentagon, and wherever the third plane was going. When people are shooting their friends in California, when they're shooting their friends -- "
Trump stopped their speech as chants from the audience of "Trump! Trump! Trump!" grew.
Addressing the activists, the GOP contender waved their hand, shook their head, and said, "Bye. Bye. Goodbye."
After the disruption quieted down, Trump asked the audience, "He wasn't wearing one of those hats, was he? Was they wearing one of those?"
They then continued their speech: "And they never will. And they never will. And that's OK, but you know we've got to do something folks because it's not working."
It is unclear whether Trump was referring to the red turban the man was wearing when they commented on "one of those hats," or if the candidate mistook it for one of the red "Make America Great Again" hats often sported by rally attendees.
The campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Presentation to the American Geophysical Union fall meeting, December 17, 2015, San Francisco; Union Session on “Is Peak Oil Dead and What Does It Mean for Climate Change?”
According to the IPCC's Synthesis Report, achieving a 66 percent chance (or better) of Earth surface temperatures warming only 2 degrees Centigrade over preindustrial times requires emitting no more than 1,000 Gigatons of CO2 between 2011 and 2100. However, as climate scientist Kevin Anderson has pointed out, emissions from energy production between 2011 and 2014 were about 140 Gt . Subtracting realistic emissions budgets for deforestation and cement production, the remaining budget for energy-only emissions to 2100 is about 650 Gt of CO2. That equates to just 19 years of continued business-as-usual emissions from global fossil energy use. The recent Paris agreement states the aspirational goal of not exceeding 1.5 degrees, which would translate to less than a decade's worth of fossil fuel consumption at current rates—though some climate scientists would argue that we may reach 1.5 degrees and higher on the basis of carbon already released into the atmosphere and oceans.
In any case, as we have heard, some estimates of global fossil fuel reserves—including unconventional oil and gas—imply several times that 650 Gt budget of potential greenhouse gas emissions. While, as previous speakers noted, there is cause to be skeptical of these estimates, it is clear that the carbon budget available to stay within a 1.5 degrees or even 2 degrees warming limit is small. That means a lot of fossil fuels will have to be left in the ground. What socio-political, technological, or economic forces might keep these energy resources from being burned?
There are at least four key potential drivers:
1. Under-investment and the economics of unconventional oil and natural gas.
As Jim Murray has explained, tight oil and shale gas—which offer the greatest and most immediate promise of increased production rates for oil and gas—suffer from high decline rates and the resulting need for high rates of drilling.
These resources also need high oil and gas prices and cheap, abundant investment capital. But as economist James Hamilton has shown, periods of high oil prices correlate with historic recessions and presumably helped cause them. Recessions reduce oil demand. This may mean that unconventional oil and gas booms are self-limiting.
The assumption of those who do not accept the peak oil reference frame is that when the market rebalances, currently depressed gas and oil prices will go up, leading to more drilling and more production. Subsequently, overall rates of oil and gas production will continue to increase for many years or decades, with prices rising incrementally to support this. But as we heard from Jim Murray and David Hughes, tight oil and shale gas wells are of variable quality, and choice drilling locations are limited in number. Production rates from these resources may already have maxed out regardless of price.
It is probably safe to say that most peak oil theorists assumed until recently that fossil fuel depletion would lead to steadily higher prices. But now different understandings of price dynamics are common. One possibility is that depletion will lead to increasing price volatility, as boom and bust cycles within the industry become more extreme. Another view is that prices may become permanently depressed due to suppressed demand. In either of these cases, investment and production would be constrained, leading to large portions of existing oil and gas resources remaining untapped.
The oil industry needs higher investment per unit of output: between 2009 and 2014, production costs rose at 10.9 percent per year , according to Steve Kopits of energy analysis firm Douglas-Westwood. This is due to the inherent challenge of producing non-renewable resources at ever-increasing rates: Once the low-hanging fruit are gone the next increment of production requires more effort, more technology, and more research and development. Recent industry cutbacks on investment are not because new prospects are cheaper; they're simply due to low prices. Thus ebbing investment will inevitably mean declining production during the next few years.
The situation for coal is murkier: consumption is rising in India, the Philippines, and some other Asian nations, though China has apparently reached, or nearly so, its peak of consumption of this fuel, and global prices are depressed. Even though very large resources remain, if current prices persist it is entirely possible that most of those resources will stay put.
2. International policy, driven by citizen demand and leadership from key nations.
The results of COP 21 are in, and are mixed at best in the view of many climate activists. While the inclusion of a 1.5 degrees Celsius aspirational target was a welcome surprise, current national pledges to cut emissions put us on a path to 2.7 degrees of warming or more.
Nevertheless, the world is inexorably on the road to adopting carbon taxes, carbon caps, and other policy measures to reduce emissions and hence fossil fuel use. Not only are nations doing so, but also states (such as California and Vermont) and even localities like San Diego, hundreds of which have signed on to goals of achieving significant greenhouse gas reductions.
At the same time, climate activist organizations, notably 350.org, have mounted efforts to persuade investment funds to sell their shares in fossil fuel companies. So far, 350.org claims to have secured promises from funds with a total of $3 Trillion in assets to divest from coal, oil, and natural gas . Fiscal responsibility, it is argued, requires acknowledging that most of these companies' assets are unburnable under the likely terms of existing and future emissions limits agreements. Of course, this divestment strategy works only with publicly traded companies (which amounts to about a tenth of the industry), not with state-owned companies like Saudi Aramco, Pemex, or Statoil.
Still, divestment campaigns do appear to be changing perceptions among the general public and among investors, sowing the opinion that fossil fuels really don't have much of a future.
3. Massive deployment of renewable energy sources and other technological solutions.
Advocates of solar and wind power propose a massive deployment of these alternative energy sources to reduce fossil fuel use without attenuating the flow of energy to society.
The cost of solar and wind is falling and the rate of adoption is high, though not nearly high enough to avert catastrophic climate change. Since renewables mostly produce electricity, coal will be the fossil fuel impacted first and foremost. Then adoption of electric cars could reduce our oil consumption.
Some energy analysts say solar and wind are incapable of fully replacing fossil fuels in the time we have for the transition because they produce power intermittently; many of these analysts instead advocate a rapid deployment of nuclear power. New versions (modular mini-reactors, thorium reactors, fast breeders) are on the drawing boards and, if the promotional literature is to be believed, they will to be cheaper and safer than existing models.
However, nuclear power capacity is still expensive to build, and the nuclear waste problem is yet to be solved. Few nations are expanding their fleets of reactors, while the ongoing Fukushima crisis continues to highlight the risks and costs of existing nuclear technology. Tellingly, the nuclear industry seems incapable of delivering new plants on time and on budget. Given the expense and long lead-time entailed in plant construction, the nuclear industry may do well merely to build enough new plants to replace old ones that are nearing retirement.
Nevertheless, despite challenges with both renewables and nuclear, a major shift toward these energy sources is reflected in all but the business-as-usual IPCC scenarios.
4. Large-scale energy curtailment resulting from global economic contraction.
Among the lessons of the 2008 global financial crisis was that recessions result in falling energy demand and investment. In 2009 the oil price dove to $36, hundreds of energy projects were delayed, and carbon emissions dipped by 1.3 percent
But the effect was short-lived. National governments and central banks quickly deployed quantitative easing, low interest rates, stimulus spending, and bailouts; some of these are still in place seven years later. The effects of these extraordinary efforts included rebounds in stock values and real estate prices, along with the inflation of asset bubbles, including one in the fracking industry. Oil demand and prices also recovered (until recently).
Some say when the next recession arrives, the same tactics can't be deployed again at the same scale, or they won't work as successfully. The notion that another de-leveraging recession might be on its way is supported by a study by McKinsey in 2014, which showed that total global debt last year had surpassed its 2007 level by $57 Trillion
Peak oil theorists argue that depletion of the world's top energy resource guarantees an endless energy-starved recession beginning at some point in the relatively near future, while climate scientists warn that extreme weather events will increasingly hammer national economies.
But peak oil and climate change are both elements within a larger dynamic described in the 1972 Limits to Growth scenario series, which explored the likely interactions between population growth, resource depletion, and environmental pollution. The standard run scenario, which a recent study confirms the world is following most closely, showed a peak and decline in world industrial output in the first half of the 21st century, followed by declines in food production and population. These trends of course imply a significant decline in energy use as well.
Discussion
From a climate perspective, our best-case future would likely be one in which world leaders negotiate global carbon caps, investment in fossil fuels is insufficient, and both of these developments together ensure reduced coal, oil, and gas production rates and an acceleration in renewables deployment, with the latter growing to replace fossil fuels seamlessly.
But such an outcome faces some impediments.
Even if solar and wind energy supplies could be increased sufficiently, our energy usage infrastructure would require major adaptation.
For example, either the cement production process would have to be completely redesigned, or society would have to learn to get by without concrete. The transport sector—notably trucking, shipping, and aviation—also poses hurdles to a no-carbon energy transition.
Also, solar and wind intermittency may present serious problems, depending on whose analysis you accept. If it does, then the cheapest and easiest renewable energy system to engineer would be one led by hydro, geothermal, and biomass, which do not suffer as much from variability. But because these sources do not have large potential for growth, a global energy system that relied primarily upon them would likely not provide nearly as much energy as we currently use.
Indeed, our biggest constraint to achieving a post-fossil energy economy is probably the assumption that we must continue industrial expansion and economic growth. The scale of energy use that we have gotten accustomed to, and that we insist upon expanding into the future, is vast and unprecedented. Economists and planners hate the idea of substantially reducing global energy use. But it is precisely the challenge of scale that poses the biggest hurdle to dealing with climate change.
Many analysts fudge the issue by appealing to decoupling—achieving more growth while using less energy. But according to a recent study by Wiedmann et al., past apparent evidence of decoupling is actually attributable to false accounting . So, apart from efficiency gains from phasing out coal and gas in the electricity sector, we probably can't grow the economy more while using less energy.
This suggests world leaders should focus much more attention on how to maintain high levels of human development (which is not the same as economic growth) as energy supplies wane.
In summary
Fossil fuel limits might come from any of several directions. That would be good for the climate. But unless we are able to replace energy services from those fuels relatively seamlessly with energy services from alternative sources, we may have to figure out how to get by without economic growth. It might therefore be helpful for world leaders to begin now to examine how to manage the transition to a post-carbon and post-growth economy with the least negative impact to human welfare.
Have you ever covered a desire to draw after watching the works of any artist? Would you like to create a sketch by the movement of one line and to add up color by the same temperament and elegance? Have you ever caught courage and grabbed a pencil in the creative fever? Erte is one such creators. Their works are inspired, and give impetus for the desire to create.
This amazing artist, designer, decorator is hardly attributed to any one style, and as well difficult task to determine for them or only one category in the magazine. Sections of «art», «design», «inspirations» and finally, «style» fit for the narrative of creativity of Erte. Although experts call them «King of Art Deco» or «father of Art Deco» , they have never acknowledged it. The artist had had created their own style and they were true to their long life.
the photo www.erte.ru
Erte is pseudonym of the artist of russian origin, but lived and worked in France, Roman Petrovich Tyrtov (1892-1990). Their amazing fate which covered nearly a century, with all its wars, revolutions, impetuous technological progress and of course, with the change of styles and trends in art.
Imagine, Erte began their career in the 1910s, was a contemporary of the famous art movement «World of Art» (Mir iskusstva), admired the works of Alexandre Benois and Leon Bakst, who had spread the glory of Russian ballet art in general in that time in Europe. They created the collections of clothes for the fashion house of Paul Poiret. They founded their own fashion brand. They made the costumes for the famous cabarets in Paris. Is not it is a surprising destiny!
Mata Hari in a suit by Etre. The photo from www.erte.ru
Further even more interesting, the notorious dancer and spy ordered them their stage image.
Russian art critic, patron, ballet impresario and founder of the Ballets Russes, Sergei Diaghilev asked them to create the scenery and costumes for the ballet «Sleeping Beauty».
But fate decreed otherwise, the same day the fortune palmed off them a lucrative overseas contract.
Magazines Harper's Bazaar, and Vogue offered them cooperation. Erte was confused and came to Dyagilev. But artistic director offered to choose a better offer. It meant the work in America.
In total, they worked there for 22 years. They made a huge number of illustrations and covers for fashion magazines.
the photos from www.pinterest.com/hansfriedrichs/erte
Usually success does not come alone, and Erte was invited to Hollywood, where they worked in the studio MGM as a costume designer for the stars of the silent movie. The Golden Years of their creativity certainly occurred at the end of 20th -30h's, when the world is dominated by Art Deco and Erte was the brightest representative of it.
1. Carmel Myers in the costume by Erte for the film «Ben-Hur», 1925.
2. Costumes for theater Folie Bergere by Erte, 1924.
The design of costume for the actor Aileen Pringle by Erte in the film «The Mystic», 1925. The photo from http://anunjimm.tumblr.com/
The actor Aileen Pringle by Erte in the film «The Mystic», 1925. The photo from http://anunjimm.tumblr.com/
The photo from www.erte.ru
Further on, with the development of functionalism, the weakening of interest in their illustrations, Erte switched to theatrical design, as well as the world of fashion.
Erte. The costume for Ganna Walska as Floria Tosca in Tosca, Act II, 1920. the photos from www.pinterest.com/hansfriedrichs/erte
The costume by Erte for «Princess Borghese».
As a designer they made sketches of clothes and developed designs for fabrics. They proposed (back in 1920) reform of suit as the principle of «unisex», homogeneous modeling of clothing for men and women.
The photo from www.erte.ru
At the end of the 60s again the interest flared for art Deco style. Erte was already 70, but they were full of energy and creative plans. Erte was again invited to draw up posters for the music hall «Folies Bergere» in which they had worked in 1920-30s.
The photo from www.erte.ru
At the same time they worked on a series of prints of the serigraph – each section of color stencil stained separately, and such areas overlap. The 75 copies of the series have been sold to collectors for huge money. Erte argued that because of their work demanded of new technologies and increased accuracy of drawing, they made many discoveries in the field of printing and graphics.
The photos from www.erte.ru
Series «Alphabet». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
Series «Figures». «5». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
Series «Figures». «7». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
Series «Figures». «8». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
Series «Alphabet». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
The works of Erte successfully demonstrated in Paris, London, New York and Tokyo, about them and their creativity were made films and written books. In 1967, Metropolitan Museum bought 170 their works. «It was an unprecedented event for the Museum to buy the full exposition of the alive artist» – recalled Erte. – Moreover, the following year the Metropolitan arranged the vernissage, which includes a hundred of these works. While at the Museum there was a rule prohibiting to arrange solo exhibitions of artists still alive, so the exhibition called «Erte and Contemporaries» and included the works of Bakst, Goncharova, Dufy and other recognized masters».
Series «Precious stones». Etre. seriograph. The photos from www.erte.ru
The photos from www.erte.ru
«Maybe your readers believe that I am a modernist, – they wrote in 1919, the editor of Harper's Bazaar. – I have to say that I do not belong to one of the art schools, the particular style of my drawings is an instrument for the expression of beauty of images. In art, I'm an individualist».
Indeed, the artist has created their own unique, individual, thoughtful, rhythmical and at the same time, full of arts and entertainment and fantastic pictures, style «Erte».
OMAHA — Warren Buffett says the corporate world could use fewer committees and a lot less busywork. Oh, and he's over PowerPoint, too.
Name an aggravation in business, and there's a good chance the chairperson of Berkshire Hathaway took a swipe at it Saturday.
The setting was their annual shareholder's meeting. But, at times, it felt as if the 85-year-old billionaire wanted to turn this gathering of 40,000 investors into a summit on management, a symposium on the dangers of bloated companies.
They criticized consultants and lawyers. They pointed out that most public company CEOs waste time “on quite a bit of things that aren't productive," including talking to Wall Street analysts. And they warned that, in many companies, lots of employees “aren't doing anything or are doing the wrong thing.”
It's hardly the first time Buffett, who regularly notes that only 25 employees work at Berkshire's corporate headquarters, has railed against corporate excess. But I found myself surprised at how frequently they turned questions from the audience back to their thesis that executives had made business too complicated.
In praising the Berkshire employee who planned the meeting, they pointed out that, at other companies, an entire “annual meeting department” would have been created by now. It would have a significant budget; its employees would attend conferences on putting on conferences, they said. A gaggle of consultants would assist. At Berkshire, executive assistant Carrie Sova puts on the big show with help from a few colleagues who have other jobs but pitch in.
“We don't have any committees,” they said. “We don't have any PowerPoints at Berkshire … we don't have make-work activities. I've seen the other kind of operation and I like ours better.”
Berkshire is set up so that its 80 subsidiaries, from apparel giant Fruit of the Loom to aircraft parts manufacturer Precision Castparts, operate largely independently. Berkshire employs 360,000 people across the businesses.
Each is free to come up with its own policies. So the way Geico awards bonuses to its employees is different than NetJets or other Berkshire subsidiaries. Buffett says a one-size-fits-all approach to pay would be illogical, since each company has different goals. “Compensation isn't as complicated as the world makes it,” they said, before making another jab at those who advise on it. “If you're a consultant, you want to make it look complicated.”
Of course, no executives would openly say that they embrace bureaucracy. But how many quietly enable it? Maybe it's the brainstorming meeting that, while well intentioned, leads nowhere. Or the “strategy review” that seems to be nothing more than an exercise in creating elaborate slide presentations.
Even some of the more sensitive matters in corporations — a massive acquisition, for example — could benefit from less hand-wringing, not more, Buffett argued.
Companies often hire teams of lawyers, investment bankers and, again, consultants to uncover red-flags ahead of a possible merger. Standard due diligence. It's meant to protect investors and the company, but the nitty-gritty details don't typically sink deals, Buffett said Saturday. (That's why they declined offers from at least one law firm — ready to bill by the hour, they noted — to help in assessing transactions.)
“We've made plenty of mistakes in acquisitions,” Buffett noted. “But the mistakes are always about making an improper assessment of the economic conditions in the future of the industry or company. They're not a bad lease. They're not a specific labor contract. They're not a questionable patent. They're not the things that are on the checklist for every acquisition of every major corporation in America.”
Buffett is known for closing deals over a handshake. Even the contract to allow this year's shareholder meeting to be streamed online for the first time came in the form of a simple, one-page agreement, Andy Serwer, Yahoo Finance's editor-in-chief, told CNBC earlier this year.
But efficiency has its limits. Buffett's partnership with the Brazilian private-equity firm 3G Capital has come under intense criticism. 3G is known for slashing costs by shuttering operations and cutting thousands of jobs. This played out most recently after H.J. Heinz acquired Kraft Foods in a $40 billion deal backed by Berkshire and 3G; more than 5,000 people have been laid off.
An investor wondered if 3G had not only trimmed the fat, but cut into the muscle.
Buffett stayed on message, saying they watched it closely, but that its approach was sound.
“I've never seen anyone run things as sensibly as 3G has,” they said.
Read more of our coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting here.
It was one game … in the preseason ... a half a world away from Charlotte.
Maybe what Charlotte Hornets power forward Cody Zeller did Sunday in a 106-94 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers won't count for much down the road. Or maybe, as coach Steve Clifford indicated, we got a glimpse of why the Hornets chose Zeller fourth overall in the 2013 draft.
Zeller always had the measurables – 7-foot height, plus length and quickness – that get a player into the first round. But their first two seasons were more a tease than validation they belonged among the top five players in that draft.
Sunday they finished with 16 points and 10 rebounds off the bench. They were assertive in their decisions and movements. And they made a 3-pointer, which they did once over 144 regular-season games those first two seasons.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
It grabbed Clifford's attention.
“Cody is really playing at another level this preseason,” Clifford said. “I think he's taken a step defensively. Like Marvin (Williams) they organize us on the floor all the time. Offensively he's making a lot more plays – not just shooting, but when there are things they can make off the dribble their decision-making is really a big benefit.”
Clifford isn't prone to faux compliments. Perhaps the thing players like most about their approach is you always know where you stand with him. If you're messing up, it won't come as a surprise. If you're progressing, you'll hear that, too.
Over their first two NBA seasons Zeller averaged 6.7 points and five rebounds a game – decent productivity, but short of impactful. They started 45 of 82 games last season and seemed to have found a role until a shoulder injury cost them the last 19 games of the season and required surgery to repair.
Clifford has abundant options at power forward this preseason. Williams, a 10-year NBA veteran, showed up for training camp in such exemplary shape that they had a jump on the other candidates. Rookie Frank Kaminsky showed enough skill at Orlando summer league that Clifford is predisposed to find ways to get them on the floor.
Zeller seemed sandwiched between the young and the old. It was time to make something happen or perhaps be marginalized.
Sunday they made something happen.
“I just feel more comfortable,” Zeller said. “There are a lot more options in our offense right now. Jeremy (Lin) and I are finding each other and everyone is finding their groove.”
Then Zeller threw a compliment back at Clifford.
“It helps to have the same coach all three years, which is kind of unusual in the NBA especially when you're young,” Zeller said. “I've heard the same things for a while now.”
High among those things: It's imperative Zeller develop shooting range out to the NBA 3-point line.
“It would change everything,” Clifford said. “Then they would have to close to them (defensively). They have a quick first step and obviously he'd create space for everybody else.”
Zeller was promoted as a 3-point threat coming out of Indiana. It's typical for players and their college coaches to make the argument they have NBA-applicable skills they simply weren't asked to display at the prior level of basketball.
Zeller could make shots in drills. But they attempted only two NBA 3s collectively those first two seasons. Clifford, like most NBA coaches, is looking to play a 1-in/4-out style where center Al Jefferson is the post-up scorer surrounded by four long-range shooters.
Williams took 265 3-pointers last season, making a solid 36 percent, a stark contrast to Zeller's reluctance to launch a shot from outside the arc.
So once their shoulder healed over the summer, Zeller put in work with Hornets shooting coach Bruce Kruetzer to fill the gap in their game.
“I still have to gain respect (as a shooter) over time; it won't happen over two games,” Zeller said. “I've got to keep letting it fly.”
Keep doing that and the tease of the past two seasons morphs into a foundation for the next five.
Fan Dayan Viera was born in Cuba and currently lives in Miami, Florida. They emailed to say, “As a Cuban, I wonder if Japanese teams will be taking advantage of the new policy change where Cuban players are going to be allowed to play in foreign leagues without needing to defect from Cuba.”
As we head into December, the 12 Japan pro baseball teams are busy compiling their rosters for the 2014 season. They are re-signing players they want to keep, hiring free agents, making trades, welcoming rookie draft choices and reassessing which foreign players are to be retained and what new foreign imports might have the potential for success during their first season here.
The emphasis so far where the foreigners are concerned is on acquiring Latin players, including Cubans, who seem to be coming with more talent and are proving to be more economical where salaries are concerned. Names such as Mendoza, Canizares, Gomez, Cruz and Miranda will add a more distinct Hispanic flavor to Japanese baseball.
The Hokkaido Nippon Ham Fighters, pleased with the performance of Cuban slugger Michel Abreu, the 2013 Pacific League home run king, have signed another Cuban, first baseman Juan Miranda, and Mexican pitcher Luis Mendoza. Also from Cuba, infielder Barbaro Canizares will join the Fukuoka Softbank Hawks, and Dominican Mauro Gomez will wear the uniform of the Hanshin Tigers.
Another Mexican, infielder Luis Cruz, will play for the Chiba Lotte Marines.
Claudio Rodriguez, a native of Venezuela but living in Toronto, Canada, runs a Spanish-language website (www.beisboljapones.com) featuring Latin players in Japan. An annual visitor to Japan where they frequently interview the players, Rodriguez explained why they think Japanese clubs signing Spanish-speaking guys is becoming more common.
“There has definitely been an increase of Latin players in NPB since 1996,” said Rodriguez. “Between 1955 and 1995, only 38 Latin players went to NPB but, between 1996 and 2013, that number skyrocketed to 141, an increase of almost 400 percent.
“In 1995, the three Latin players in NPB represented 12.5 percent of the foreign imports in the league. In 2012, that number increased to 28, which represented 43.75 percent of foreign players in Japan.”
Obviously, one reason for this is the raising of the limit of foreign players allowed per each team from two to a maximum of four in the active roster which caused a general expansion in the annual number of imports in Japanese baseball, but Rodriguez cites other factors why the interest in Latin players has picked up.
“The Latin imports turn out to be easier and cheaper to acquire than their American counterparts (or at least it seems so), and they probably adapt better and faster (and complain less) to life in Japan,” they said.
“Former Seibu Lions slugger Orestes Destrade explained it perfectly in an interview, saying, ‘Latin players adapt faster to NPB than American players, because they already made the jump once when they went to play in the U.S. American players are used to playing in their own country, but for a Latin ballplayer to play professional baseball usually means to work and live abroad, so they have an easier time adapting to a foreign environment, because they're used to doing it.'
“Then there is the emergence of Latin players as stars of the game in NPB. Since the arrival of Roberto Petagine in 1999, NPB has seen some very important Latin sluggers in action, such as Alex Cabrera, Alex Ramirez, Jose Fernandez, Jose Ortiz, Fernando Seguignol, Aarom Baldiris, Tony Blanco and now Michel Abreu and Hector Luna,” Rodriguez said.
“The recent boom of Cuban players has to do with the successful season Abreu had this year with Nippon Ham. They just opened the eyes of the scouts, and now they seem to be trying to hire all those hidden treasures still available there.”
Some of the Japanese clubs are still looking to sign imported help for the 2014 season and, no doubt, we will see more Latin players on the Central and Pacific League rosters when Opening Day rolls around come March 28.
Contact Wayne Graczyk at: Wayne@JapanBall.com
Your teenage son has outgrown their room; their precious Lego sets, collection of model cars and cherished Spider-Man wallpaper are so completely out of place. He's not mommy's and daddy's little boy anymore and it's past time to redecorate their room.
What better way to bond than over a drawing board while designing a new room for him?
Brainstorming
While you may have a scrapbook stuffed full of ideas for your son's room, this time round encourage them to take the lead in the design process. Select a theme – music, sports, computers, or other stuff that your son is into. Once you select a theme and color, it will be easy to coordinate the other décor elements in the room.
Study Desk
Your son seems to have grown overnight and suddenly he's lumbering over their study table. Time to update their desk! Make sure you choose a desk that provides ample storage for all their study material and desk accessories. See that they have sufficient lighting for regular study and midnight cramming. Get a table that will easily hold a desktop or a laptop, and maybe accommodate a printer as well.
Study in style
A Place For Everything
One way to make sure that your son's clothes aren't scattered all over the room is by providing several wall hooks to hang their clothes. Another storage option is to buy storage bins or build wall shelves for them to keep extra books, clothes, a basketball anything else that they may need to stash.
Display their trophies on shelves made of skateboards
Getting Fit
Your son says he's ready to pump iron and start on their six-pack. If you don't know how to tell them he's too young and still has to grow into their lanky frame, then think of getting them a sparring set and a few free weights. Also make sure to identify a place for the equipment in their room that is safe for them to exercise in.
Encourage your teenager to keep fit with decor
The Macho Dresser
Okay so they don't want you or their sisters to know that they started caring more about their appearance and obviously you don't want them to walk into your bedroom every time they want to check themselves out in front of the mirror. The solution is to make them their own dresser than can store their hair gels, grooming products, body sprays and other essentials for a teenager coming into their own.
A bathroom dresser styled for a teenage boy
Art Attack
They want to frame their favorite band's poster on the wall but after seeing the poster you feel you would rather chew nails than look at skulls, body piercing and clothes that leave nothing to the imagination. Stalemate? Absolutely not! Offer an option that encourages them to select their favorite quotes from great thinkers and frame it on their room wall.
Encourage the right kind of posters
Doing up their room their way will ensure they spend more time at home enjoying their personal space and showing it off to their gang of buddies, and you win the trophy for parent of the year!
A former teacher at a Christian preparatory school in Sunnyvale was arrested on sexual-abuse charges stemming from allegations involving a 13-year-old girl they taught eight years ago.
Sunnyvale Department of Public Safety Capt. Doug Moretto said Abigail Anne Holloway, 33, who taught physical education at Kings Academy on North Britton Avenue, was arrested Thursday in Englewood, Colo., where they had been teaching at another Christian school.
Holloway is expected to have an extradition hearing in Colorado and be transferred to the Santa Clara County Jail next week, Moretto said.
They described the arrest warrant as containing “multiple counts of child abuse that are sexual in nature.” The allegations stem from 2001.
Moretto declined to say how the case came to the attention of Sunnyvale authorities, saying only that information about the alleged abuse emerged in December.
According to authorities, Holloway had an illegal sexual relationship with a 13-year-old girl — their student — when they worked at Kings Academy. Holloway was employed there from 2000 to 2002, according to the school's public relations director, Kriss Hayward.
“As with all our teachers and coaches, they underwent a full background check and fingerprinting,” Hayward said, adding that their criminal history came up clean.
“It's always shocking and sad” to hear news of this nature, Hayward said.
None of the current 860 students attended school when Holloway taught, since they left the school years ago.
Hayward also said most school administrators do not know Holloway, or the identity of the 13-year-old student, who is now likely 21 years old.
Other than Kings Academy, Moretto said Holloway's employment history is “sketchy,” although public safety officers believe they worked at other schools in Santa Clara County in 2004 and 2005, the year they moved to Colorado.
Anyone with information regarding this case, or who believes they were a victim, is encouraged to call detective Kirk Kim at (408) 730-7120, police said.
Contact Lisa Fernandez at lfernandez@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5002.
Contact Lisa Fernandez at lfernandez@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5002.
Dallas Restaurant Owner Attacks Patrons Donald Trump, Jr. and Sen. Ted Cruz Over ‘Obama Cake' Photo
The owner of Dallas restaurant Le Bilboquet, Stephan Courseau, attacked patrons Donald Trump, Jr. and Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) over a gag photo taken at their restaurant over the weekend with the two shown posing with a giant cookie-cake decorated with an image of former President Barack Obama. In statements posted to Facebook and Instagram, Courseau accused Trump and Cruz of, ‘promoting disrespect and spreading hatred' by posing with the Obama cookie-cake in their restaurant. Courseau's accounts have since apparently been made private or taken down.
Trump and Cruz were attending a 40th birthday party for a mutual friend. Trump's 40th birthday is this December 31st.
Trump posted the photo to their Instagram account with the caption, “With friends like these… some good friends decided that while my birthday is not for 2 weeks that they would get me an early 40th birthday cake. And what birthday is complete without an Obama cake? I figured it was so good that I would have to share it with Ted. 😂🇺🇸😂🇺🇸😂 #tx #texas #birthday #tedcruz #obama #cake”
The photo carried the geo-tag of “Le Bilboquet Dallas”, reportedly triggering calls for a boycott of the restaurant.
Another photo without Cruz was also posted.
The Dallas Eater posted the text of Courseau's Instagram statement:
“The restaurant's owner just responded to the deluge of commenters on Le Bilboquet's Instagram account, saying, “Let me be clear, I share your indignation without any reservation.” They explain the duo were at their restaurant to celebrate a friend's birthday, not for political reasons, and someone brought in the cake from an outside vendor to celebrate Trump Jr.'s upcoming birthday. They also say they aren't on the premises to intervene during the party. On Le Bilboquet's Instagram, they wrote in part: “We at Le Bilboquet feel betrayed and sad. Restaurant business is about creating a hospitable environment for all, a non-partisan, non-politicized, nondiscriminatory and respectful environment. The fact that guests decided to use our restaurant as a platform to promote, disrespect, and spread hatred goes against everything we stand for. On a personal note, I am French and my wife is Mexican. We both believe in universal values of love, respect and tolerance.”
The Dallas Observer reported a longer version of the statement, posted to Facebook by Courseau:
…Social media response to the post has been polarized, as can be expected. Many users have voiced support for Trump Jr. and the cake; others chided Cruz and Trump Jr. for posing with a cake that some see as disrespectful. Some users, especially in Dallas, have called for a boycott of Le Bilboquet. In a Facebook post this morning, Le Bilboquet owner Stephan Courseau confirmed Trump Jr.'s visit to the restaurant and expressed dismay over what has inevitably become a social media firestorm. “Let me be clear, I share your indignation without any reservation,” Courseau wrote. “Both Donald Trump Jr. and Ted Cruz were attending a birthday celebration of one of our regular patrons who rented out our venue for a private event. The party was not for either one of them nor was it any kind of partisan rally. “Someone that attended the party brought in an outside cake for Donald Trump Jr.'s upcoming birthday and we are not sure who that was. Both Donald Trump Jr. and Ted Cruz took pictures with the cake and posted on social media outlets. “Someone that attended the party brought in an outside cake for Donald Trump Jr.'s upcoming birthday and we are not sure who that was. Both Donald Trump Jr. and Ted Cruz took pictures with the cake and posted on social media outlets. “We at Le Bilboquet feel betrayed and sad. Restaurant business is about creating a hospitable environment for all, a non-partisan, non-politicized, nondiscriminatory and respectful environment. The fact that guests decided to use our restaurant as a platform to promote, disrespect, and spread hatred goes against everything we stand for.” Courseau goes on to note that they are French and their wife is Mexican. “We both believe in universal values of love, respect and tolerance,” Courseau wrote. “Values that we have found within the Dallas community. Our friends and patrons represent a wide spectrum of American beliefs including: Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. What brings them together is the same belief that we can live together with love, respect and tolerance. I made America my home a long time ago because of these values that embody the real American dream. “I am truly sorry that such distasteful events happened at our venue and that these circumstances brought me to write this statement today. It reminds us that a divide still exists and that we have to keep promoting our core values, so that events like these don't happen again. While I am disappointed and hurt, I still think it is possible.”… End excerpt, complete Dallas Observer article at this link.
Both the Instagram and Facebook links in the respective articles have been disabled since publication. The space at the Observer for the image of the Facebook statement now reads, “This Facebook post is no longer available. It may have been removed or the privacy settings of the post may have changed.” The space at the Eater reads, “This photo or video has been removed from Instagram.”
In contrast, on Monday night CBS Television re-aired without controversy the Trump Inauguration Day episode of the Trump-hating and disrespecting Late Show with Stephen Colbert that opened with a gag video of government workers and officials sadly swapping out pictures of outgoing President Obama with incoming President Trump–or as the gag went on a photo of Vladimir Putin and closed with a photo of a horse's ass representing Trump.
Our coverage of the Arab Spring was over-excited, admits BBC
Head of news admits reporters may have failed to explore both sides of the story
Countries where regimes were not overthrown were ignored, says BBC Trust report by former UN director of communications
Two thirds of mobile footage and other user-generated content was broadcast without any caveats
The BBC's coverage of the Arab Spring has been heavily criticised – by the corporation's bosses.
Head of news Helen Boaden admitted that their journalists got carried away with events and produced ‘over-excited' reports.
They told a BBC Trust report that in Libya, where reporters were ‘embedded' with rebels, they may have failed to explore both sides of the story properly.
Middle East editor Jeremy Bowen was among those criticised in the study into coverage of the uprisings, which found that ‘excitement' did sometimes ‘infect' the reporting, which some viewers described as ‘too emotive' and ‘veering into opinion'.
The BBC's coverage of major revolutions such as Libya, pictured. were prioritised over reporting from countries where regimes were not overthrown resulting in 'insufficient' coverage
The document, published yesterday, also raised concerns about the corporation's use of footage filmed on mobile phones and other user-generated content. It noted that the BBC failed to warn viewers with ‘caveats' about the ‘authenticity' of such footage in 74 per cent of cases.
It also warned that the corporation ignored events in some countries as it concentrated on ‘big' stories.
Early coverage of Egypt and Libya was 'over-excited '
Miss Boaden is quoted saying: ‘In the conflict in Egypt in the beginning . . . we might have sounded over-excited – you can take on the colour of who you're with. I had to say “just be careful about your tone”.
‘In Libya too, where we were essentially embedded [with the rebels] at the start, we might have sounded over-excited – you have to be careful if you can't get to the other side of the story.'
While the report found that overall the BBC's coverage was ‘generally impartial', it did raise concerns about aspects of its reporting.
Journalist Edward Mortimer who authored the report said it was 'a pity' that reporting suffered on behalf of coverage of uprisings in countries like Egypt, pictured
Embarrassingly for Mr Bowen, it suggested they should ‘travel a little less' so they would have more time to provide ‘insight' and ‘strategic guidance' to bosses.
The report's author, former UN director of communications Edward Mortimer, added that the BBC made mistakes in its reporting of countries such as Bahrain, where they said coverage was ‘rather sporadic' and arguably insufficient.
The report added there should have been ‘greater eagerness' in covering the situation in Yemen and also questioned coverage of Algeria, Morocco and Jordan.
Alison Hastings, chairperson of the trust's editorial standards committee, said: ‘We're keen to see if improvements can be made . . . both in the scope of coverage to provide a fuller picture of events, and in providing better context for audiences.
Back in June - I got so fed up with one of the Union's performances that I went on a rant, and the Editors of the Union Dues decided to publish it (http://www.theuniondues.net/2013/06/03/a-sad-sad-day/ ). Basically back then I wanted John Hackworth to go. I'd love to think that it inspired the Union into some great performances (their next 2 league games were 3-0 wins over Columbus and New York). However, I am not vain enough to think that the Union players/staff read my rants and articles or even hear about them second hand.
Fast forward to the end of the season, and has my opinion changed? Well no. Here is why.
Must win game. Don't win, you go home. You have a top scorer (Jack McInerney) who is fit and healthy, and you start them on the bench. Would you imagine in a must win game Manchester United leaving Robin van Persie on the bench, Liverpool leaving Luis Suarez on the bench, New York Red Bulls leaving Thierry Henry on the bench, or San Jose leaving Chris Wondolowski on the bench? Of course not. However, Hackworth's need to play a 4-5-1 meant Jack didn't start.
I will admit it isn't all Hackworth's fault. Lets be honest, a year ago the Union were a disaster. Only Toronto and New England finished below them in the East, and only Portland and Chivas were worse than the Union in the West. Without taking into consideration that half of that season was under Hackworth's coaching - everyone would have been saying a lot had to be done to improve the Union. The money obviously wasn't there to make sweeping changes last year so it wasn't going to be a true supporter Shield-competitive season.
Has the club improved? Sure. The Union have won more games than ever, and finished just shy of their record point total for a season. Amobi Okugo continues to improve, and McInerney had a break out (half) year. Zac MacMath (via the addition of Ola Nikolov) has made giant leaps as the year has gone on. There are definitely encouraging signs for the Union - and they may be one winger/left back and one box-to-box midfielder, or center attacking midfielder away from being a good squad that can compete (how big a difference would DaMarcus Beasley and say Stuart Holden make to the Union?) They aren't in as bad shape as many of us would believe. However, does having a good squad make a manager good? No, not really. I said it back in June - Hackworth may be a fantastic coach or second in charge, but is they a good game time manager? For me, that's where the choice of should they stay or should they go comes from.
A good game-time coach is one that can a) adapt their tactics to a team, and b) adapt their tactics in game depending on the score-line. You don't play the same way away to Sporting Kansas City as you do at home to Toronto for example. You don't make a change just for the sake of making a change. You don't sit back when 1-0 up against a team from 2-3 levels below you, at home, in a cup game. You don't sit back and settle when you are up a man against a team, at home. You don't blame a referee for losing games. All of these criticisms of Hackworth have been made, either by myself or by others I have been watching the game with.
Let's take a critical look at the best runs of form and results of the year.
1) 3-0 at home to Columbus, 3-0 at home to New York. We were on a high. Lets be honest though - Columbus were missing a fair few stars, as were NY for that game. Red Bull also had a player sent off early. While they were great wins, if we are being honest, anything other than wins in these games and we are going to be unhappy about it.
2) 0-0 draw at Red Bulls, 1-0 win at Sporting Kansas City. Two tactically correct performances from Hackworth. These are the games that their "all defensive, going for a 0-0 draw, hoping for a 1-0 win" tactics were vindicated. For these difficult away performances, that's the correct way to play, and we got 4 outstanding points from those games.
3) No. Can't think of anything else off hand.
Lets take a critical look at the poor results.
1) 1-1 draws against Toronto (the Union had two of them). Both games Toronto had a player sent off. Both games Toronto were 1-0 up. One of those games, they went 1-0 up when down a man, and the Union seemingly sitting back happy for a 0-0 draw, when up a man, against Toronto. Thankfully, Jack McInerney saved Hackworths skin by getting late goals in these games. Thank god for Hackworth being "Desperate" enough to play Kleberson as a sub, or I would have been talking about 3 draws with Toronto.
2) 1-1 draw against DC United. While "worst team in the league" may be a bit harsh in terms of the quality of side DC has, nobody else has as little points as they do. DC was missing some players for international duty, and the Union went down 1-0. A very late Jack McInerney goal salvaged a point.
These three games are games the Union should have won, but for one reason or another didn't. In all three, Hackworth didn't seem to want to win. Going with a 4-5-1 against DC united was a terrible decision. Yes we got a nice result against SKC playing that tactic away from home - but even at their best, DC aren't SKC quality. These are some of the games we are now looking back on, saying "These cost us a playoff spot". A better manager, one that wouldn't have settled for a draw in these games? Yes, I'll take them please.
3) Home vs FC Dallas, Away vs Real Salt Lake - 2-2 draws. In both of these games, you may have looked at the scores and said "I'll take that". FC Dallas were the team of the first half of the season. RSL away, wow we got a draw? However, both of the games, right after each other, had one glaring thing in common - giving up an equaliser in late injury time. Against 10 men. That should never happen one time a year, let alone twice in succession while sitting back and letting the team with 10 men dictate play - that's on the manager as much as the players for me.
4) US Open Cup games. Even a win against Ocean City gets in this part of the article. Playing a strong team against amateurs, the Union went 1-0 up. Surely that will lead to 3-4 more goals right? No. Hackworth didn't want to get more goals. It wasn't until Ocean City equalised that we tried again. Terrible.
Now the DC United game. Yes they won the Cup - well done them. However, again, tactically it didn't work. Why did we bring on Don Anding (he's our backup backup left back that even LeToux plays defense ahead of) - when we needed a goal? It was almost like Hackworth told Anding they were making their debut as a sub and had to keep their word. DC United were low on confidence at the time. We have to win these games against teams low in confidence.
All of the above for me indicates that while their tactics are good at times, overall they have cost us more points than they gained by their tactics. Can you imagine if McInerney hadn't saved them in those 3 "surely win" games? Hackworth's issue with tactics is an inability to change them for different opponents. They have their idea of how to play, whether that is at Red Bull arena or at home to DC United, it's the same.
As for subs and in game changes - they are boring "like for like" and barely ever to change the game. On the 2-1 loss to Montreal, who didn't see the second half coming? On opening day, a great first half performance, second half... oops. Other coaches continually out-think the Union during the half time break. They can make changes to tactics to improve how they are playing. That always seems to go in reverse with the Union. The subs are almost always like for like. I swear that in the latest Montreal game, Hackworth subbed in Antoine Hoppenot in for Jack McInerney because it was a force of habit. These changes do nothing to change the way the game goes. Like for like, especially when things aren't going our way, changes nothing. Continually bringing on players in situations not suited for them, changes nothing. Bringing on a sub five to ten minutes too late, does nothing (especially when it isn't the right sub). Is there a coach in MLS that is worse than Hackworth at making subs? I doubt it.
Now to team selection. All year, Union fans wondered why Kleberson and Roger Torres continually hadn't played. The Union had to get rid of Soumare because Hackworth wouldn't play him. Brian Carroll was struggling, looking tired, and played every minute until the last game of the season which they had to miss due to a suspension. Keon Daniel was continually terrible all year, and continually starting. The Union midfield continually struggled to create chances that weren't from set pieces - yet no changes were made there. The same players that struggled were continually given chances to show something, but they continually struggled.
There are two reasons for this 1.) Those midfielders continually showed in training they were "better". Well, when training continually isn't transferring to game time, maybe it isn't the best idea to make your team decisions based solely on training performance.
(Ok, I'll stop using continually now. However, I think it does point out that doing the same thing over and over again, especially with poor results, really is annoying.)
2) Players are "Hack's" players and not Nowak's players. This is the worse of the two options really. Is Hackworth playing their "friends" or those they get on with? Is there a refusal to play players that are still around from the Nowak era (Torres)? Is there a pressure from Office Management (Sakiewicz, et al) to play cheap players and that's why Kleberson wasn't getting played? Whatever the reason, the best team should always be on the field. For me, once signed, Kleberson and also Torres needed to play more. Any coach that doesn't pick the best team to get three points isn't the right man to be in charge.
Lastly for this article - player acquisitions. I'm sure this is down to more than just Hackworth, but if Nowak is blamed for player signings in the past, then surely Hackworth is just to blame now. While the club did bring in some quality, when they were in position to make the playoffs - our signings have been only Brazilians. That should sound exciting, but how many of us had heard of Fabinho or Gilberto? Yes Fabinho has done ok. They have had some terrible games too. As for Gilberto, they haven't seen a minute of action and I would be willing to bet a beer with anyone that come opening day 2014 they are no longer with us. There wasn't a single signing that wasn't "automatic" (Parke, LeToux) that has shown me that Hackworth knows how to put together a team. Casey may be the exception, if it wasn't a very risky signing that turned out well (and again, they fell into our laps). On the other hand, they have got rid of all defensive cover, that ended up with LeToux playing defense for us (and that was a disaster, considering they likely aren't even fit enough to play).
Whether or not we can put player acquisition blame on Hackworth, for me there are still plenty of things to be upset with Hackworth about. This has gone on for 1 1/2 years now, and shows no signs of improvement. While I think Hackworth won't get fired, money reason being the thing keeping them here, if I was the GM, Hackworth would no longer be employed by the Philadelphia Union, unless it is as an assistant manager or coach. I can't get rid of the feeling that if we had a better Manager, we would be sitting wondering how far we would get in the playoffs. If I was Nick Sakiewicz, I'd be calling a guy like Eric Wynalda and finding out if they were available to take us back to the playoffs.
Washington's Republican lawmakers want to slash tuition at the state's public universities, but Democrats say it's better to spend money on helping low-income students go to college.
A measure that would slash tuition by as much as 25 percent at Washington's public universities is the only such proposal in the country, and its sponsors herald it as a tax cut for middle-class families.
Sen. John Braun, R-Centralia, says the cut — part of the Senate-approved budget — will set up the state for long-term economic success by making college affordable to more students.
“This resonates immediately with a wide range of folks around our state,” Braun said. “I think we're leading the country with this idea.”
Not so fast, House Democrats say.
They argue that the Republican approach wouldn't lower community-college tuition, hurts low-income students in private colleges who receive state aid, and includes a budgetary sleight-of-hand that cuts benefits to faculty and staff.
House Democrats have instead proposed extending a tuition freeze for two more years, and putting millions into financial aid, which would assist as many as 10,000 students who aren't currently getting state help to pay for college.
In one area, though, the two sides seem to share common ground. Both the Senate and House have passed bills that would tie tuition to average state income, suggesting that some compromise could be in the works over the next few weeks.
The proposal to cut tuition is being watched around the country.
“A 25 percent reduction in tuition rates is almost unheard of,” said Thomas Harnisch, assistant director of state relations and policy analysis for the American Association of State Colleges and Universities.
They know of only one other state considering a tuition cut: Ohio, where a bill calls for a 5 percent reduction.
”It really is kind of a unique idea,” said Dustin Weeden, a policy specialist with the National Conference of State Legislatures. If it were to pass, they said, “That's going to start a lot of conversations in other states. They'll be asking: ‘If Washington can do this, why can't we?' ”
It's not clear whether Washington can do it. Budget negotiations between the House and Senate broke down Wednesday. The last scheduled day of the session is April 26.
It's also unclear how a tuition cut would affect the state's prepaid college-tuition fund because its payouts are tied to the highest tuition charged at a state school.
“In middle, they're stuck …”
House Democrats say their approach would take care of those least able to pay.
Under the Senate proposal, “My neighbors in Medina get their tuition reduced, which is nice, but not necessary,” said state Rep. Ross Hunter, D-Medina, who heads the House appropriations committee.
By putting money toward helping more low-income students go to college, “We're trying to put money in where you get the most bang for the buck,” they said.
But Braun, the senator who proposed the 25 percent tuition cut, said the state already has one of the most generous financial-aid programs in the country.
“If you think about the economic spectrum, we give pretty good help at the bottom, and at the top they don't need help,” Braun said. “But in the middle, they're stuck without a ton of help.”
That's similar to the argument that students have made in recent years.
In a report last year titled “Meet Us in the Middle,” UW student leaders called on the state to lower tuition to the point where it is possible for a student to work their or their way through college. They also called for more financial aid.
Braun said that when they were a student at the University of Washington in the 1980s, tuition was 7 percent of the state's average wage, and “If you had a part-time job and worked summers, you could put your way through the UW, or any other school in the state.” Today, they said, UW tuition is about 22 percent of the average state wage.
For an undergraduate, in-state student at the UW, tuition alone is $10,740 a year; students also pay $1,654 a year in mandatory fees. When living expenses are factored in, the yearly cost for a student living on campus is about $27,000.
Under Braun's bill, tuition would be lowered in two phases, and by 2017 would be $7,560 at the UW and WSU. Students at the state's other four-year schools would pay $5,400 a year, and community-college students would pay $3,240 — about the same amount they pay today.
The bill indexes tuition to the average state wage, which Braun described as a “stable and predictable” number that's been calculated by the state Employment Security Department for many years. As the state wage grows, so too will tuition, “allowing for controlled growth in the future,” they said.
Braun's bill
But Democrats say Braun's bill would reduce the amount of money that goes to financial aid, including aid to Washington students who attend private colleges and universities.
Braun argues that the number of students receiving aid wouldn't change — the state would just need less money to pay for aid because college would be cheaper.
Under the House proposal, about 10,000 more students would receive aid — reducing by one-third the number of students who qualify for aid but now don't get it.
Meanwhile, the House has passed, with some bipartisan support, a bill that sets a long-term goal for tuition at all state schools to be no higher than 10 percent of the median family income — about $8,386 in today's dollars. That would roll back tuition to 2008 figures, said state Rep. Gerry Pollet, D-Seattle, one of the bill's prime sponsors. Pollet first introduced that idea in a bill two years ago.
Under the proposed House budget, tuition would be frozen for two years. Then, in the 2017-19 biennium, Pollet said, tuition could gradually be lowered — assuming that the House-proposed capital-gains tax passes, and the money starts to flow into state coffers.
Braun acknowledged that the state's colleges and universities are concerned that the Senate budget doesn't backfill all the money that would be lost through tuition cuts. “We're working through the details on this,” they said.
Jill Wakefield, chancellor of Seattle Colleges — Seattle Central, North Seattle and South Seattle colleges, plus the Seattle Vocational Institute, the largest community-college district in the state — said the House budget would do more to expand opportunities for community-college students by putting money into the State Need Grant, and it also funds a salary increase for faculty and staff. The Senate budget does not.
The state's four-year institutions have been reluctant to pick one budget over the other, said Paul Francis, executive director of the Council of Presidents, an organization made up of the six presidents of Washington's four-year public colleges and universities. The council's biggest hope is for stable, predictable funding, they said.
Maud Daudon, chair of the Washington Student Achievement Council and president of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce, said the achievement council gives more priority to increased financial aid.
But in general, they said, the support for higher education in the Legislature is stronger than it has been in years.
“We're really pleased that higher education is being taken very seriously,” they said.
A Giant Goblin's Xmas Tale
This is a beta version of The Night Christmas Ended:
The Night Christmas Ended
In A Goblin's Xmas Tale, you get to blast evil-ghost-candies, ride on Rudolph in the skies and use a gun that shoots poop!
In this twisted 4 th-wall-breaking game you take control of the Giant Goblin who has just shot down Santa on Xmas night. Together, you and the Giant Goblin will go on a merry-old-fashioned-evil-ghost-candy-killing-holiday rampage, to maybe save Xmas from the jerk, Valdeze, who has stolen the naughty-and-nice-list and all the presents.
The whole tale is fully voiced by actors
2D pixelart arcade comedy/horror shooter
The main game can be played local co-op
Local 4 player VS. mode
The Giant Goblin will complain if you control them badly
Full of surprises and strange things
Everyone should get a game for Xmas; therefore "A Goblin's Xmas Tale" is our present to you.
If you make a let's play of A Goblin's Xmax Tale, we would love to see it and will share it. So tweet to us at: @Giant_Goblin_S
The SNP has mocked Jeremy Corbyn after they suggested it was “very problematic” to have different legal systems operating in the UK – despite that being the existing arrangement.
Speaking on their tour in Scotland, the Labour leader said they wanted “genuine devolution” of powers from Westminster.
But they added that separating economic and legal structures would be “difficult”.
Scotland's distinct legal system was enshrined in the 1707 Act of the Union, while Northern Ireland also has its own processes.
In a question and answer session in Edinburgh, Mr Corbyn had been asked whether Labour's commitment to federalism could allow Scotland to reflect its strong Remain vote in the EU referendum.
They replied: “We are thinking very hard about what forms devolution would take in the future. Devolution in Scotland has gone a long way.
“We are looking at the way we bring about genuine devolution and particularly economic devolution. Could you have a separate economic and legal system in different parts of the UK?
“I think that becomes difficult and very problematic. I want a Labour government that is going to legislate better working conditions for everybody across the UK.”
Joanna Cherry, the SNP's justice spokesperson and a QC, said the comments were “embarrassing and worrying”.
They added:
Odd that Corbyn thinks it "difficult & problematic" for Scotland to have a separate legal system given that we already have one https://t.co/s7jZKwhdTI — Joanna Cherry QC MP (@joannaccherry) August 27, 2017
Other politicians also weighed in on Twitter:
Corbyn is clearly ill informed about Scotland, we already have a separate legal system. https://t.co/tEHpvQLrfp — Michael Matheson MSP (@MathesonMichael) August 27, 2017
It would appear that Jeremy Corbyn is unaware that there is a "separate" legal system in Scotland... https://t.co/vA7Go9tY6O — Paul Masterton MP (@PM4EastRen) August 27, 2017
Mr Corbyn also said it would be “very, very difficult if not impossible” to secure different Brexit deals for different parts of the UK – one of the Scottish Government's key demands.
The discussion around a potential hard fork of the Bitcoin blockchain caused by Bitcoin Classic has been centered around the development team's proposed increase in the block size limit, but this new implementation of the Bitcoin protocol is about much more than a change to Bitcoin's consensus rules. In fact, alterations to Bitcoin governance are one of the core points of the software client. As Bitcoin Classic Developer Gavin Andresen stated on a recent episode of Let's Talk Bitcoin:
“This disagreement is (A) a disagreement about governance. How do we make these kinds of decisions? And (B) it's a disagreement about how urgent the problem is right now.”
Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong recently referred to the possibility of a hard fork as an election, which some would say puts Bitcoin's role as algorithmically controlled money and payment system into question. If a majority of Bitcoin miners can vote on changes to the Bitcoin protocol, then the reality is that the system is controlled by much more than just math.
Bitcoin as Algorithmic Money
One of the key benefits of Bitcoin touted by many of the cryptocurrency's proponents up to this point has been that it is a digital cash system based on math and cryptography. As many have said in the past, the constitution is the code. One of Bitcoin Core's policies that is intended to uphold bitcoin's role as algorithmic money is the standard of 95 percent approval from miners for soft forks.
https://twitter.com/virtuallylaw/status/698630950213787648
The 95 percent activation rule has made it difficult to make changes to Bitcoin's consensus rules at times, but it's also ensured that only changes with near-universal approval get implemented into the protocol. This allows Bitcoin to retain its original purpose of offering censorship-resistant payments and an algorithmically-controlled monetary policy while also making room for new, uncontroversial improvements over time.
Of course, Bitcoin didn't always operate on this notion of near-universal consensus on protocol changes. Satoshi Nakamoto was essentially the project's benevolent dictator in the early days, and Gavin Andresen took over that role after the mysterious creator of Bitcoin disappeared in 2010. In the case of BIP 16, only 55 percent of hashing power was required to activate the soft fork. While this was helpful in getting P2SH rolled out in a timely fashion, Bitcoin Core Contributor and Blockstream Co-Founder Mark Friedenbachclaims the feature is “deficient” and we are now stuck with it because Andresen did not want to wait for consensus. Bitcoin Core moved away from the benevolent dictator model after Wladimir J. van der Laan became lead maintainer of the project in April 2014.
The Political Threat to Bitcoin
A portion of the Bitcoin community is currently attempting to change Bitcoin's governance model via a hard fork. The hard fork would increase the block size limit to 2 MB, and the fork would activate at a threshold of 75 percent of the network hashrate. This proposal, to make a change to Bitcoin's consensus rules with 75 percent (or more realistically 70 percent) of the network's hashing power signaling their support for the change, is viewed negatively by the Bitcoin Core development team for technical and philosophical reasons.
Both Gavin Andresen and Jeff Garzik, another Bitcoin Core developer who is also now developing for Bitcoin Classic, have written about why a 95 percent activation threshold may be unreasonable. Andresen states that a 75-percent threshold is meant to prevent a large mining pool from vetoing a change to Bitcoin's consensus rules, while Garzik has noted, “95% implies that you only need to rent 5% of hashpower to sway the outcome, a decreasing cost barrier.”
Garzik also made a pull request on the Bitcoin Classic Github repository that would increase the hard fork activation threshold to 80 percent.
Some have viewed Bitcoin Classic as a political attack on the Bitcoin network due to its use of a 75 percent activation threshold for a hard fork. One individual who sees Bitcoin Classic as an attack on Bitcoin is Former WizSec Managing Director J. Maurice. Maurice, who led WizSec's investigation into the missing Mt. Gox bitcoins, shared the following statement with Nasdaq:
“Bitcoin was created to remove our need for trusted third parties. We should not transform Bitcoin into a democracy or other political structure where backers of rogue hard forks can use politics to become our elected leaders. The existing peer review process by the developer community is doing an excellent job of scaling the project, and will continue to do so with SegWit, sidechains, and other advancements in blockchain technology. Bitcoin cannot allow political power plays to circumvent the peer review process of our trusted developer community.”
Other critics of the proposal to lower the threshold for making changes to Bitcoin's consensus rules have pointed out that fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, have already implemented the concept of majority-controlled monetary and regulatory policy. In their view, one of the core concepts behind Bitcoin was to make sure that it did not succumb to the same sort of political influence that is seen in those systems.
Of course, there is also the argument that Bitcoin's political issues are caused by technical limitations of the technology. After all, there would be no block size limit controversy if the system could easily scale while maintaining a high degree of decentralization.
It Does Not Appear Bitcoin Classic Will Succeed
For now, it appears that Bitcoin Classic will not succeed in initializing a hard fork. A letter signed by mining pools representing a majority of hashing power on the network and a few other Bitcoin companies was recently posted on Medium, and it stated the undersigned's intentions to stick with Bitcoin Core as long as they clarify when a hard fork to an increased block size will happen. Ironically, Coinbase Director of Engineering Charlie Lee was one of the individuals who signed the letter, while the company's CEO Brian Armstrong has been one of Bitcoin Classic's most vocal supporters. BTCC COO Samson Mow has also indicated Bitcoin Classic has overstated their support and companies not listed as signatories in the recent Bitcoin Roundtable letter have made a commitment to not run Bitcoin Classic.
Sidechains to the Rescue?
One possible solution to Bitcoin's political troubles is sidechains. In the past, Hashcash Creator and Blockstream President Adam Back has noted that the availability of sidechains before the block size limit became a contentious issue could have saved the Bitcoin community a lot of wasted time and agony. Bitcoin Hivemind's Paul Sztorc has also written about how sidechains could potentially help solve the block size limit issue. The idea is that, with sidechains, multiple blockchains with different consensus rules could exist in the same currency network (bitcoin).
An official sidechains Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) has not yet been made available, but Bitcoin Core Developer Greg Maxwellstated their intention to have one ready in a few months at the Bitcoin FoundationDevCore Workshop in October of last year. Maxwell also stated the block size limit debate has delayed progress on sidechains development.
Kyle Torpey is a freelance journalist who has been following Bitcoin since 2011. Their work has been featured on VICE Motherboard, Business Insider, RT's Keiser Report, and many other media outlets. You can follow @kyletorpey on Twitter.
ASHLAND, OR - A nine-year-old boy in Ashland is being called a hero after they saved their brother's life.
Blake Vincent's mother says their nine-year-old is always saving the day, but they never imagined he'd come through for the family in such a big way.
Reporter Katie Zarrilli has the story.
"And I was like oh my God, I saved my brother's life," said Blake.
The actions of 9-year-old Blake Vincent give a whole new meaning to the term, "brotherly love." If it weren't for their quick thinking and unbridled bravery, it's very likely their 6-year-old brother Hunter wouldn't be alive today.
"We would have had a different story, you know...really," said mother Pamela Bennett.
The story of one brother saving another took place last week. Pamela Bennett says they were washing dishes and somehow the back door to their house was unlocked, and the padlock to the pool gate wasn't on...which 99% of the time, isn't the case.
Six-year-old Hunter, who has autism, had gotten out and ended up in the pool, which at the time was filled with water. By some incredible and maybe inexplicable timing, Blake came home from a friend's house on their bike and heard the splash. There they saw their brother helpless in the pool.
"I went up there and I looked and I saw Hunter floating face down in the pool," said Blake. "It was the scariest thing in my life."
Blake yelled for their mother, and then fearlessly jumped into the pool and brought their brother's head above the water. They held their brother there until their mother could get into the pool and help Hunter regain their breath. Blake then called 911.
"If they hadn't jumped in and got him, Hunter would not be with us...truthfully," said Pam.
"She said, you just saved your brother's life," said Blake.
Bennett says having a son with autism has meant challenges for the family. But they say Hunter is blessed to have a brother who will pull them around in a wagon, push them on the swing, make them laugh...and as of last week, save their lives.
"He's a really good big brother," said Pam. "He's amazing."
Though Hunter may not ever fully understand the gravity of what their big brother did for him...Blake says it has certainly strengthened their bond.
Do you think this made you closer to your brother?
"Yeah, a lot closer," said Blake.
And now every wagon-ride, every push on the swing, every precious memory shared between these two...means a great deal more.
Because of what happened the family decided to get rid of their pool. It will be taken out of the backyard this week.
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan told an illegal immigrant Thursday night that they shouldn't “worry” about getting deported this year.
A 32-year old illegal immigrant living in Oklahoma named Angelica asked Ryan during a CNN town hall if they think they should be deported. Angelica was brought to the United States when they were 11, and thus is protected under President Barack Obama's executive amnesty for illegal immigrants brought to the United States as minors. The woman has an American-born daughter and wondered if someone in their situation should be deported.
“No,” Ryan responded. The House Speaker said that President-elect Donald Trump wants to focus on deporting violent criminals and securing the border.
Ryan said once these two things are accomplished, “all people in the country will be in a much better position to fix these thornier, bigger problems.” They added, “But if you're worried about some deportation force knocking on your door this year, don't worry about that.”
The House speaker said that the country needs to follow the rule of law, but also find a “humane solution” for people like Angelica.
President-elect Trump's written plan for immigration and public statements are somewhat opposed to Ryan's comments. They have called for deporting all the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the country, but a plan on Trump's campaign website more specifically mentions “move criminal aliens out day one.”
The plan, however, does mention ending Obama's “two illegal executive amnesties,” one of which Angelica receives, and that “all immigration laws will be enforced — we will triple the number of ICE agents.”
However, Trump did recently say that “we're going to work something out with Dreamers,” the nickname for illegal immigrants who were brought as children.
During the town hall CNN's Jake Tapper brought up Trump's call for a deportation force on the campaign trail, and Ryan nervously laughed and said, “that's not happening.”
ALLENTOWN, Pa. - Former high-ranking city official, Francis X. Dougherty has entered a guilty plea agreement in the FBI investigation of Allentown City Hall.
Dougherty was Allentown's managing director from June 2006 to September 2008 and from January 2012 until May 2016.
According to court paperwork, Dougherty pleaded guilty to one count to commit mail/wire fraud. The indictment came down on March 13 and was unsealed Wednesday. As part of their plea deal, Dougherty agreed to testify as a witness before any grand jury, hearing or trial when the government asks them to.
They face a maximum sentence of five years in prison, three years of supervised release , a $250,000 fine and $100 special assessment. Full restitution may also be ordered, according to the paperwork.
Dougherty's paperwork tells a similar story we've heard every since the FBI raided Allentown city hall in July 2015. It alleges city officials rigged the contracting process at the direction of Public Official #3, who only fits the mayor's description.
Wednesday's unsealed documents say Dougherty and Public Official #3 worked together to manipulate the city's contract process so city work would go to a company that supported Public Official #3's campaign for state and federal office.
Pawlowski ran for governor and U.S. Senate, but ultimately pulled out of those races.
Prosecutors alleged the un-named company was given a heads-up on who else was submitting proposals for the job for a city light's project. The feds say Dougherty even threatened to fire someone in attempt to help make sure the preferred company got the gig. Eventually that company did get the job.
Dougherty's attorney, Lisa Mathewson said, "At today's hearing the judge alluded to what they had learned about Fran's character during the District of Philadelphia trial and invited us to tell the complete story at sentencing. We look forward to doing so." They also said they are prepared to testify against Pawlowski if need be.
Dougherty stepped down from their position in April of 2016 . They did not give a reason for their resignation back then.
They first joined the city as director of the Department of Community and Economic Development in April 2006.
As managing director, they represented the Pawlowski administration at City Council meetings.
The FBI first started their corruption probe with a search of Allentown City Hall in July 2015.
Ramzi Haddad, Dale Wiles, Garrett Strathearn, Mary Ellen Koval, Michael Fleck and Matthew McTish are scheduled to be sentenced in May and June have also pleaded guilty to corruption charges.
Pawlowski has not been charged.
Meanwhile, State Representative Mike Schlossberg issued on a statement regarding Pawloski. It read in part, "Over a year ago, I called on Mayor Pawlowski to put the interests of the people of Allentown ahead of their own, and resign. Today, I am reiterating that call: For the good of the people of Allentown, Ed Pawlowski should resign as mayor,” Schlossberg said.
Pawlowski attended a Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce Democratic mayoral candidates forum at Allentown Symphony Hall shortly after Dougherty pleaded guilty.
The mayor said that he's maintained from the outset that he's done nothing wrong, a position they reiterated Wednesday.
"I still say I did nothing wrong," Pawlowski said. "And if I did anything or felt I wronged the city in any way, I wouldn't be running for office."
Nintendo launched the Fire Emblem: Choose Your Legends event last week, giving series fans the chance to vote on which characters will make a special appearance in Fire Emblem Heroes. Although the polls will remain open through Jan. 31, Nintendo teased fans with a list of the most popular heroes thus far, and it shows that fans need to place their bets a bit smarter, going forward.
Here are the current leaders of the #FEChoose Your Legends event. The margins are slim, so keep voting until 1/31! https://t.co/D6ADuwXYQ7 pic.twitter.com/9m2gvjjXCl — Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) January 26, 2017
By that, we mean the contest doesn't just ask voters to choose their favorite individual Fire Emblem heroes; it also implicitly crowns the most popular version of said character. Even though, say, Marth appeared in multiple Fire Emblem games, they don't just take up one slot on the poll. They occupy multiple positions, depending on which of their games players prefer.
Because of how Nintendo organized the event, votes are split across numerous games for recurring Fire Emblem characters. In the case of Ike, who's currently leading the poll, this doesn't appear to be an issue. Not only is Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance's version of Ike holding onto the top spot of the charts, their Radiant Dawn look rounds out the top five.
For well-known hero Marth, on the other hand, this method of voting seems to be keeping them out of the upper echelon of the ranking. Their Shadow Dragon appearance is sitting at number six, while their role in its Japan-only sequel Mystery of the Emblem weighs in at just number 14. If Marth fans just stuck to one of the two games — or if Nintendo didn't split the vote between them — chances are things would be looking a lot better for them right now. (Characters like Anna, who has appeared in numerous Fire Emblem games, also don't stand to benefit from how the votes are assigned.)
That being said, it's likely that Ike's much higher level of visibility would have kept them at the top anyway. He's starred in two Fire Emblem games that made it stateside, but he's also been a popular swordsman in two Super Smash Bros. entries as well. While Marth has been a Smash Bros. staple since the GameCube days, their sole Western Fire Emblem appearance received a tepid response from players.
Fear not, Fire Emblem fans: Although the male and female contest winners will appear with special costumes in Fire Emblem Heroes, which hits iOS and Android on Feb. 2, the free-to-play game will have a ton of different characters on deck. They'll likely be hidden behind microtransactions, however, but we'd expect popular characters to still make it into Heroes in some fashion.
Shortly before the London conference on Afghanistan, which takes place on Thursday, Asif Ali Zardari and Hamid Karzai met in Istanbul. The Pakistani and Afghan presidents are the key players in this part of the world. And they have a lot in common. At the moment, both are quite weak and are being put under enormous pressure from America to talk less and do more.
Pakistan's constitutional court is demanding that Zardari return part of the assets that they illegally expropriated in Pakistan and has since bunkered in Switzerland. The Obama administration, for its part, is slowly losing patience with Zardari because they have proven unable to rein in their ISI intelligence agency. Suspicions that the ISI is hiding Taliban leaders are widespread -- and Zardari's own game that they play with the ISI primarily serves the interests of a Pakistani elite that has traditionally sought to exert influence over Afghanistan.
Hamid Karzai has notoriously accused the Pakistanis of playing a double game, and it's difficult to contradict him. At the same time, they have also fallen out of favor with their patrons. They have proven themselves to be either incapable or unwilling to take leadership of their country beyond Kabul -- though even were they willing, the task would be Herculean.
The meeting between the two weakened presidents underscores precisely what needs to be addressed in London: a strategy that will lead to at least a little bit of stability for the two countries. No one still believes that the maximum is still achievable. But this part of the world is one of the most dangerous, and one should not abandon hope of achieving the maximum.
There are as many objections as there are proposals. There are differing degrees of pessimism and many secretly wish that they could leave the "Graveyard of Empires," as Afghanistan has been called, as soon as possible. Even greater than the desire for an exit strategy, though, is the nightmare of what Afghanistan and Pakistan could become if America and NATO make too many mistakes there or simply withdraw too soon.
Many intelligent people have said things about Afghanistan and Pakistan recently -- and some comments have been smarter than others.
An overview of eight leading characters in the Afghanistan shows that there are few options and many and many objections against just about every strategy.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
About the Project
We have designed and developed an aluminium keychain case for the Pi Zero, machined from billets of 6082T6 grade aluminium. They will be available in either a bare metal state or anodised with a choice of red or black.All parts necessary to complete the assembly will be supplied, including the hex key. All you need to do is provide your own Raspberry Pi Zero. For all backers of the kickstarter campaign we will also provide a lobster clasp key ring.
In Red
In Black
Who Are We?
JCF Engineering is a company I started nine years ago. We are a small precision engineering business that provides machining services for high tech engineering clients. We receive designs and make them reality.
It has always been my ambition to develop my own products. So in 2016 I ventured into product design with my first project the PigiPi Aluminium Screen Stand. Buoyed with its success I started experimenting with the challenge of making a solid metal housing for the Pi Zero. After some prototyping I came up with the design you see here.
My passion is in making things, in particular, machining. The thrill of seeing something being created from a lump of metal never wears off on me. For this reason I believe it is important that we not only own the design process but also the manufacturing process. All our designs will play to our manufacturing expertise, and all effort will be taken in keeping processes in-house.
BISMARCK, N.D. — Emergency medical crews in North Dakota's Oil Patch describe the challenges they face as “crazy” or “overwhelming” and “like a war zone.”
Those descriptions, from reports compiled by state emergency medical services officials, document an exploding demand for services triggered by the influx of people and activity from the oil boom.
Eleven emergency medical services agencies in North Dakota's six greatest oil-producing counties have reported a 61 percent increase in calls over the past five years — and those are expected to increase by 158 percent by 2014-15.
In the most striking example, the EMS for McKenzie County, based in Watford City, saw its volume double during the past year.
The increase reflects both the population increase and booming oilfield activity as well as the resulting boost in traffic accidents, with a sharp rise in truck accidents.
Trauma cases, from oilfield and traffic accidents, are increasing in frequency and severity, further straining medical centers and ambulance crews.
The increased truck traffic and oil activity require specialized equipment and training that emergency medical crews lack — everything from more sophisticated equipment to extricate accident victims to training in dealing with oil rigs and how to handle mass casualties.
“It's like being in a war zone,” one unidentified EMS crew member said in a state report on the emergency medical demands in the Oil Patch. “I'm scared one of us is going to be killed.”
Another said, “I was terrified the first time I went up on an oil rig.”
Crime and domestic violence also are increasing, and emergency medical responders can find themselves in personal danger when responding to a call before law enforcement officers arrive.
In Williston, emergency medical crews have requested body armor, said Cody Friesz, administrator of the North Dakota Emergency Medical Service Association.
“They respond to more and more violence, and personal safety is becoming an issue,” they said.
So-called “man camps,” temporary housing complexes for oilfield workers who cannot find conventional housing, can be hard to find, located in remote areas that are not adequately marked by signs, said Tom Nehring, director of the Division of Emergency Medical Services and Trauma for the North Dakota Department of Health.
Also, “when you get in a man camp and you've got a thousand people in it, you don't know where to go.”
In addition to those challenges, unforeseen just a few years ago, emergency medical providers face problems in hiring and attracting staff and finding affordable housing — problems confronting many employers in oil country.
“So we have a whole complex set of issues,” Nehring added. Many of the people who are flocking to the Oil Patch for work arrive destitute, without health insurance, exacerbating the financial squeeze EMS services face, where officials say revenues don't meet costs.
The problems brought by the added strains to the emergency medical system are compounded because most ambulance crews are staffed by a dwindling base of volunteers — giving rise to what officials have called “a crisis within a crisis.”
“They've been primarily volunteers for years and years and years,” said Friesz.
But many of those volunteers are getting older, with no replacements in sight, and case volumes are rising exponentially in many areas of the state's 17 oil- and gas-producing counties.
That means what emergency medical folks have called the $31 million volunteer subsidy — the estimated value of volunteer in-kind contributions – will dwindle over time, according to a report on the oil impact on out-of-hospital medical services.
“There you have a crisis within a crisis,” Nehring said. “That just puts more pressure on these ambulance services.”
The report on oil impacts for emergency medical services, presented in June, focused on four counties in the heart of the Bakken Formation boom: Dunn, Williams, Mountrail and McKenzie.
But the impacts are spreading to the other counties in the 17-county Oil Patch, as oil and gas development expands to new areas, and figures quickly become outdated, Nehring said.
Recently, the North Dakota Legislature addressed the urgent needs confronting ambulance services, law enforcement and firefighters.
The disaster-relief bill lawmakers passed includes a provision that priority be given to the three public safety categories in allocating money from a $30 million impact aid fund for Oil Patch counties.
That funding stream will help ambulance services, Friesz said, and officials have made it clear they want to help.
“The big question now is, how do you do that?” they added. “But, absolutely, the support is there.”
The needs in oil country are a more intense version of the strains confronting ambulance services across North Dakota, Nehring and Friesz said.
“There is a concern across the entire state,” Friesz said. “This is an industry that needs to consider transitioning to full-time staff, at least in the daytime hours.
“It's completely stressing the medical industry out there. Hospitals are maxed out and EMS services are running into the same problems,” Friesz said.
Motorola's architects — Gensler — have turned the upper floors of a building that was completed just as the Great Depression's death grip took hold into a fun, modern, and beautiful place. It goes on forever: the sheer size of the Mart, each of its 18 stone-and-steel main floors, can't be overstated. Every labyrinthian hallway leads to a room of employees who seem imbued with a sense of purpose (or at least have been told to look convincingly busy for the day of a media tour). In one direction, an enormous room with signal-proof windows houses engineers poring over camera components with microscopes. A few desks over, a staffer pops a circuit board into a shiny red case that could very well be a new smartphone model. Elsewhere, butt machines — my term, not Motorola's — simulate the effect of sitting on a Moto X over and over and over again. A game room filled with TVs, arcade consoles, and basketball machines sits virtually empty. Everywhere, there's an air of focus.
Everywhere, there's an air of focus
Wicks and I are seated in the Consumer Experience Design (CXD) lab, a cozy space occupied by a handful of employees wearing navy blue labcoats with throwback Motorola logos from the late '40s on their backs. Along one wall lies showcase after showcase of prototype phones that have been designed and assembled in the CXD. Some I recognize, others I don't — unreleased design experiments that died on the vine. Next to the cases, a drawer opens to reveal dozens of unreleased Moto X case designs; my mind starts to wander, thinking about what Moto Maker — the company's unprecedented built-to-order-smartphone program — could've been. On top of the drawer, Wicks is pleased to see that a whimsical table radio he'd designed while at Sony has made it from the Libertyville offices. It looks a bit like an alien with eyes on long, thin stalks.
This is a particularly important place among the new headquarters' many spaces and corridors. It's the incubator for Motorola's next-generation products, a critical source of ideas — money-making ideas — and the means to execute on them. Mike Jahnke, a bespectacled CXD manager with an awesome bow tie, tells me a story of how he'd made a custom RAZR in pink and had it sent to tennis superstar Maria Sharapova. They happened to use it on television (unscripted, they say), prompting a call to Jahnke from then-CEO Ed Zander. "Did you make that phone?" It wasn't long afterward that Zander and team signed off on a production run of pink RAZRs, which ended up being a massive seller.
But it's the large room adjacent, the model shop, that has Wicks most animated. Row after row of rapid prototyping machines — industrial-strength 3D printers, mostly — spit out ideas practically in real time as they pop into engineers' heads. That kind of rapid turnaround is of particular importance for a product like the Moto 360, Motorola's hotly anticipated Android Wear smartwatch, which is locked in for a summer launch and could be the most attractive and functional device yet in the nascent wearables market. Time is of the essence now, and there still seems to be quite a bit of work to do. "The ability to go broad fast and get to something that will completely mimic what that product is going to be at the end is hugely important and often overlooked," they say. "Prototyping is something that needs to be completely woven into the fabric of how you create strategies and products. It's not an outsourced thing, so we see it as an integral part of our business and a great part of how we design now."
We can't keep saying video games are a young medium. We've been saying it since I was your age (or since you were mine, if that fits better), and besides, the last few years have finally shown that there's plenty of room for games that do more than idly amuse us. Consortium is one such game.
Unlike any RPG I can name, Consortium throws you in with no map, no introductory cutscenes or tutorial. When you start, you don't choose a character, you sign a disclaimer. It's disorientating and strange, and immediately different, dedicated fully to its central conceit; you the player are accessing a satellite, provided by the developer, iDGi, that allows you to control a man known as Bishop 6, on board an aircraft, in the year 2042.
It nails role playing as a person in a specific situation, to an extent no other game has. Paradoxically, it achieves this by telling you nothing.
On hearing my blather, a housemate described it as “like Quantum Leap”, and with two caveats, that's not a bad comparison. First, you only jump into one person, and second, there's no Al or Ziggy to guide you or tell anecdotes about various wives, and no compulsion to do good, or indeed, to do anything, beyond what is normally expected of Bishop 6.
Other characters can't be interrogated for exposition, as you're supposed to know this stuff. This isn't a world waiting for a generic adventurer to show up for a guided tour; it's an important place of work, and you're an integral part of it. Asking too many daft questions will make you look incompetent or stupid, which only makes crewmates worry and mistrust you. You can still do it though. You can be as stupid or unpleasant as you like. The game won't judge you, although individual characters might.
Consortium casts aside some of the genre's most common conventions, but it doesn't tear down the medium or the hobby. Several characters are keen gamers, openly chatting about their world's videogames, including some about your employers, the titular Consortium, like soldiers playing CoD, or HR staff playing Advanced Moron Simulator. They do this conversationally, resisting the temptation to thrust a hand into the air and go “ooh, that's like the videogame you're playing right now!”
Neither does it fall into that awkward groove that (for example) Far Cry 3 and Spec Ops The Line fell into, clumsily critiquing their genre by forcing the player to act like a horrible fool, then calling the player out for being a horrible fool. As some big wally or other said, such games want to have their cake and eat it. “Are you not entertained?”, they cry, somehow ignoring the possibility that we're grown people who are well aware that shooting thousands of people for fun would not be plausible or morally acceptable in the real world. It doesn't work. Yes, we are entertained, and what's more, I for one don't feel the least bit bad for that. You're not real, Maximus, and attacking us for taking part only draws more attention to that.
There's no shortage of ambitious games content to explore storytelling techniques without insulting the player, either, but all too often the ludo- complement to the -narrative feels almost as flat and restrictive as… well, Ludo. We've surely all played a game with a story so intrusive, incongruent, or our options so restricted, that all impact or sense of agency was lost. While it's easy and sometimes fair to blame bad writing, I'd say a more significant culprit is simply an inadequate grasp of the medium, and how we like to experience it.
Even the generally great Deus Ex Human Revolution fell flat there when it revealed the dramatic consequences of slacking before starting its opening mission. Uh, hell yeah I dawdled in the lobby. It's Deus Ex! I was checking every inch of the level for secrets, and/or seeing what happened if I jumped off the third floor onto a receptionist's head. Duh. By contrast, iDGi know how we play games, and rather than judge us for it, they embraced it, and integrated it into the core concept of their game.
In this world, they're allowing you to do what you like. Most actions you carry out affect events in some way, and any result is as valid to them as any other. See, they're interested in exploring possible futures, and each time you act, you create a new one. You're confronted with several mysteries as you go, but provided you stay alive, there's no right course of action. Every play through is as useful as any other, because they're all possibilities.
This extra layer of plot between you as the dimension-jumping controller of Bishop 6, and you as the person sat at a PC, provides protection against that jarring moment where a developer tries to get clever with the fourth wall, but rather than impressing, succeeds only in clumsily reminding you that you're a neurotic weirdo sat at a stupid whirring box of circuits, pawing at lumps of plastic like an idiot. It keeps you from reloading the game any time a conversation option didn't get you the reward you wanted – these are people, not devices to feed you the next stage of a quest, and however you interact, they'll give you something back. Even when you've finished, your game will be saved as a numbered universe, readily annotated with details of your actions.
Take one conversation with a young crewmate. They enthuse about just meeting a real live Bishop, and offers to make you a coffee, practically humping your leg. React with bemusement or disdain (saying nothing is always an option, as is simply walking away), and a nearby officer will make a wry remark about them having played too many video games. But it's a good-natured, accurate comment. It's neither a jab at gamers nor a clever pat on its own back for identifying that HEY GUYS THIS IS A VIDEOGAME HO HO. It's just a story acknowledging that games exist, as it does with tv, films, and books, and yeah, there would totally be games about the Consortium if it were real.
Later, another NPC might take you aside conspiratorially and hint that they knew what's really going on with you. And then you might tell them you're from another dimension and they flip out, thinking you're mocking them. There's your relationship with them marred, and any opportunity to find out what they were really talking about gone. Oops. With very few exceptions, it knows exactly when and how far to nudge the fourth wall to explore a plot point or tease a mystery, and when to leave it alone to maintain the illusion.
What's most remarkable is that this is all done in service of the game. Its encouragement of, and the wealth of alternative material provided by multiple playthroughs keep you invested – you can always make that decision differently next time, and it'll likely offer a new experience. The notion that you're secretly controlling this person drops you square into that situation with no information but what you can figure out through context. The practical setup brings added subtext to several events – when characters start dropping hints that they know a secret about you, you're not pulled out of the game by an NPC having an existential crisis; instead, you're hit with multiple reasons to be paranoid. Do they know you're not who you claim to be? Is there something about Bishop 6 that I need to know? Is that creepy story in the news relevant or just flavour text? Why am I being allowed to do this, anyway?
None of this would work in another medium. Consortium offers a solid sample of what we've been saying games have the potential to do for a generation. That it's also an entertaining game in its own right certainly doesn't hurt, and with the questions it leaves unanswered and talk of a sequel, it might just be a stepping stone to something truly special.
The remarkable longevity of Arsène Wenger will be measured in just about every conceivable metric over the next 48 hours. John Major, we will be reminded, was still the Prime Minister when they first took charge of Arsenal , while Baddiel, Skinner and the Lightning Seeds had only just been knocked off the top of the charts.
Perhaps the most unlikely achievement, however, is not simply reaching Saturday's landmark of managing 1,000 games but to have outlasted the man who oversaw their appointment. After all, the previous manager to have worked without a Hill-Wood among the Arsenal directors was James McEwen during the First World War.
For almost a century since, including 71 years in the position of chairperson, three generations of the Hill-Wood family have dominated the famous oak-panelled boardroom that has been moved in all its splendour from Highbury to offices overlooking the Emirates. Major Sir Samuel Hill-Wood was the first, helping to inspire a period of wonderful success during the 1930s alongside Herbert Chapman.
Then there was Denis Hill-Wood, whose most notable appointment was Bertie Mee, the Double-winning manager of 1971. And finally we have Peter Hill-Wood, the longest serving of all, who stood down last summer after 31 years as chairperson and more than half a century on the board.
Eton educated, a former Coldstream Guard and vice-chairperson of Hambros Bank, they were being described as “older than old school” even a decade ago. At around that time, they were also cheerfully envisaging a scenario whereby their own successor as chairperson would eventually be Wenger.
Today, in what is their first newspaper interview since a quintuple heart-bypass operation, Hill-Wood is instead confidently predicting that Wenger is ready to lead Arsenal into a new era of success.
“He doesn't think their job is finished yet,” Hill-Wood says. “I don't think their enthusiasm has diminished at all. I don't see them suddenly deserting and starting again at some other club.”
Yet with Wenger's contract expiring at the end of the season and a new deal sat unsigned at the Emirates, surely a 'Plan B' has been discussed?
Not even once, Hill-Wood says, during their entire time as chairperson. “When I have spoken to Ivan Gazidis [the chief executive] they are very confident that there isn't a problem. Arsène doesn't like to do these things in the middle of the season. It's not a question of somebody dangling great riches in front of them that actually don't interest him.”
When the time does come, Hill-Wood is “sure Arsène will have some input” in choosing their successor and their description of Everton manager Roberto Martínez as someone who “seems like a good man” may just be prophetic.
Hill-Wood is certainly less enthusiastic about Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho, Saturday's touchline opponent. “I wouldn't find them at all easy,” they say. “I think it is most unlikely. Luckily, it is not my decision. It will be extremely difficult. I dread to think who is coming in. There is nothing obvious.”
Ill health means that Hill-Wood will not be at Stamford Bridge to see Wenger join Sir Matt Busby and Sir Alex Ferguson as only the third top-flight manager in English football to reach 1,000 games with the same club. Both their grandfather and father died ‘in office' as Arsenal chairperson and, in December 2012, they might have suffered the same fate.
Hill-Wood had been feeling unwell and made an appointment to see their doctor. “The GP tested me and said, ‘You're going to hospital',” they explain. “I said, ‘Oh really, when?' and they replied, ‘Now, I'm just calling the ambulance'. It was quite serious – in fact the surgeon said they were quite surprised I survived.”
Six long weeks followed in hospital but now, some 15 months later and having moved their permanent base from Chelsea to the rather quieter Kent coast in Sandwich, they are on the mend. Hill-Wood has even been back at the Emirates for some recent matches and, in December, had a bust unveiled of themselves alongside Chapman, Wenger, Ken Friar and their father in the directors' entrance.
“It was very flattering – I feel OK but I'm older and feebler,” they say. In body perhaps but certainly not mind and they still vividly recalls the groundbreaking decision to appoint a Frenchman, even if it was almost two years after vice-chairperson David Dein had first made the recommendation. Man management, Hill-Wood says, was to be Wenger's great strength.
“Some of the players in those days weren't very well behaved,” they say. “I remember the question I asked them was, ‘How do you think you would handle some of our players?' They said, ‘At Monaco I had Hoddle, Klinsmann and Hateley. I never had any trouble with any of them'. They don't scream a lot but they get everyone to play at their maximum. They changed a lot of the players' outlooks by intelligent explanation. They don't tell them to do something for their own benefit, they do it for theirs. They treat them as adults. These players are not unintelligent, they may appear to be some of them, but they do react to a logical explanation.”
So just how does Hill-Wood sum up Wenger's achievements? “He has transformed the place,” they say. “Most importantly really, I think they changed the way football was played in this country. The first thing they did was to be absolutely horrified by our training facilities. We built new facilities to their design. I went round the clubs of Europe with them and an architect and surveyor. They were asking all manner of questions and making all sorts of notes.
"I particularly remember them commenting on the height of the bench in the training room at one. They said, ‘That would be all right for Tony Adams but it wouldn't be right for Anders Limpar'. That was the level of detail. Without them and the success they brought to us, we would never have been able to finance the new stadium.”
The attitude of Arsenal and Wenger to the £390 million stadium project is perhaps the ultimate illustration of a relationship between club and manager that is unique in European football. Both knew that they were entering a period of short-term pain but stuck by each other in the expectation of a better future.
Wenger has turned down just about every leading club in Europe while the Arsenal board have never so much as flickered in their support even amid nine years without a trophy.
“You look at other people trying to raise the finance to build a stadium – it's just not possible,” Hill-Wood says. “It was going to take some time to pay off the main part of the debt. We realised it was a long-term plan that was not likely to reap benefits immediately.
“I think they trusted us not to have a knee-jerk reaction if it went wrong or did not succeed as quickly as we hoped. There is a great temptation for the board to actually overreact because they get a lot of pressures. We obviously hoped they would stay but they are not the sort of person who jumps from one job to another.”
Hill-Wood's legacy, of course, extends well beyond Wenger and the construction of a stadium. They name Dennis Bergkamp as their favourite player of the Wenger years but, asked for a single standout memory, their mind instantly flashes back 25 years to Michael Thomas's injury-time winner against Liverpool to win the league title. Folklore has it that Hill-Wood turned to their Arsenal colleagues inside the Anfield boardroom, took a puff on their cigar and calmly said, ‘Never in doubt'. A true story?
“I believe it is true, yes,” they say, smiling. “I have to say though that Liverpool were very good and even took champagne into our dressing-room.
“We have never been great self-publicists as a family but are quietly quite proud of what we have achieved without jumping up and down shouting about it.”
What of the future for Arsenal? The major shareholders had once planned never to sell but, when a takeover battle was triggered by the death in 2011 of Danny Fiszman, Stan Kroenke was preferred to Alisher Usmanov.
“I think Stan Kroenke is the ideal man,” Hill-Wood says. “He understands the heritage and wants Arsenal to remain as the Arsenal we know and love. I think it's stable.
"We've managed to not completely lose our heads with our expenses. The danger is that you try and compete with people who really aren't that competitive. When I joined the board in 1962, Arsenal's annual turnover was £250,000. Now it is getting on for £300 million.”
It has certainly been a season of anniversaries and landmarks. As well as the Wenger 1,000 and the Anfield 25, might we finally see an end to the trophy drought? Could Wenger conceivably even equal two modern-day records by winning a fifth FA Cup and a third Double?
Hill-Wood is understated in their response but, as they then pauses to reflect on Arsenal's journey over the past 18 years, their tone shifts from caution to awe.
“It looks promising this season,” they say, “but I really could never have imagined that we would be talking about a 1,000th game. I don't think any of us thought they would be even half as successful as they are.”
Been fiddling with these for a while. Final personality aspects will manifest themselves with time and further exploration, but for now...As Ponykind evolves, so does its predators and monsters. For the most part...: Daughter of Miasma . Operates a bunch of orphanages and poorhouses in Las Pegasus and mainly feeds off the love of foals who have no one else to turn to. Occasionally other changelings of the hive will adopt someone to feed off of. Marasmus themselves is a bit haughty and gruff, but mostly fair to those around them As many other new hives, she's learned that it's better to take only little bits here and there instead of indulging too much at once. Indeed, some hives have even learned to work together! Such as is the case with Marasmus and: Daughter of Myxine . A big star, producer and talent agent in Applewood. You want a job, you go to them Well, she's not the only one and they got into the role by overtaking some starlet's villa in their youth, but they know their way around. They may act sweetly and understanding, but underneath that she's an ice-cold businesswoman. She'll condemn you to a lifetime of being the lighting guy with the same smile as the one where they make you the next big thing. Likes to use the occasional husk for extra risky stunts and collaborates with Marasmus when it comes to runaway foals who want to make it big in the film biz. Feeds off the love of their protegees. Them hive members constantly swarm the city in search of new talent, de facto victims.: Daughter of Calliphora . Makes their home in deep forest, swampy areas where they gather love by first getting ponies lost and/or stuck and then rescues them again. Almost entirely nocturnal as they mostly use light to lure ponies deeper into the woods. Can't see well by day, but not half as bad as their mother does. When she's bored they like to scare ponies by making buildings - especially old wells - seem haunted. Usually covers their face with their hair and spends most of the day lying in shallow pools. Them hunting methods constantly get them in conflict with: Daughter of Ambrosia . Uses the same hunting method as Boitata, but is more disciplined than them and can see just as well by day. Instead of waiting for lone individuals to come by, they and their hive members will often wander into villages in disguise to find out about travelling parties that they can lead astray. Inquisitive, but without the cruel streak their mother has.Notes:Credit for the initial idea of Marasmus goes to LiliLovesLili . Big thanks!These hives would come into existence about 50 years from now, give or take.: Now with Chrysalis' daughter
Ned Kelly
"Let the hand of the law strike me down if it will, but I ask that my story might be heard and considered; not that I wish to avert any decree the law may deem necessary to vindicate justice, or win a word of pity from anyone. If my life teaches the public that men are made mad by bad treatment, and if the police are taught that they may not exasperate to madness men they persecute and illtreat, my life will not be entirely thrown away. People who live in large towns have no idea of the tyrannical conduct of the police in country places far removed from court; they have no idea of the harsh and overbearing manner in which they execute their duty, or how they neglect their duty and abuse their powers."
For as much as I talk about Australia being a seething hellhole of awesome and its people being more balls-out than a male pornstar with a malfunctioning zipper, I've somehow yet to feature the country-continent's greatest folk hero – the head-fuckingly-hardcore bushranger Edward "Ned" Kelly and the ridiculously-sweet suit of homemade Plate Armor of Bullet Resistance +1 that turned them from a local folk hero into the Predator and then into a national legend. Being recognized as one of the toughest guys to ever whip asses through the Outback is no small feat in a land packed full of poisonous trees, murderous jellyfish, and Aussie-rules football players, but, as the picture above might indicate, this guy was no ordinary badass. They were next-level shit. As the British so often love to point out, the island of Australia was originally set up as a penal colony where the English could dump off all the undesirable dirtbags of London and forget about them forever. The entire country was basically like a real-life Escape from New York - once you go in, you don't come back out, and the entire countryside was apparently just a freak-out of murder and lawlessness that made the dystopian future of Road Warrior look like that Disney movie with the talking cars. Being a cop on an island full of Snake Plisskens probably wasn't exactly a goddamned picnic by any stretch of the imagination, but in the mid- to late-19th century the rural police in Australia really seemed to get a kick out of fucking people over just for the sake of being raging assholes. At least, that's what the Kelly family claimed (repeatedly). The Kellys were deported from Ireland to Australia in 1843 as a result of some trumped-up pig-stealing charges, and Ned's dad, either through police dickheadery or legitimate criminal behavior, somehow constantly found themselves getting fist-humped by the long arm of the law. Mr. Kelly was arrested a few dozen times, fined, beaten up, and died an early death as a result of a few decades' worth of hard livin', pig thievin', and near-constant incarceration in a variety of hard labor penitentiaries.
It should come as no surprise that young Edward Kelly (pictured above with their awesome beard and equally-rad hairstyle) wasn't exactly breaking down the doors of the governor's office asking to be put on the waiting list for the incoming class of the Victoria County Police Academy. Having your dad busted by the cops every couple weeks tends to have that effect on a kid. It probably also didn't help that Ned themselves ended up getting arrested several times before they were even out of their teenage years including one assault charge in 1869 for punching a guy that was hilariously-named Ah Fook (rumor has it the guy yelled out their own name while being jacked in the face), and another time when they mailed a set of cow balls to their neighbor's wife and then fought the guy when they came around to bitch about it. When they were 16, Kelly was seen riding around town on a horse their buddy lent them and some dork cop tried to arrest them for horse thievery. When the police reinforcements showed up to help apprehend Neds, they found Kelly riding the cop through the streets like a horse. As entertaining as these tales of civil disobedience may have been, things took a far more serious turn in 1878, when some drunk-ass, power-mad constable came to the Kelly house and started talking shit to everyone and being a total jacknut. The Kellys tolerated this for a while, but when the hammered officer tried to get fresh with Ned's sister Kate, Mama Kelly whipped out a fucking shovel and cracked the guy across the knuckles with it. No longer capable of groping anything with their busted-up hand, the constable ran crying back to the police station and told their buddies that the big, bad Kelly Gang assaulted them and kicked their ass. A posse of cops returned to Kelly's house that night – Ned and their brother got out of there in time, but several members of their family were arrested and a warrant was issued for their capture.
From that point on, Ned Kelly decided they were going to dedicate the rest of their wild life to fucking authority in the mouth. They escaped into the bush of rural Australia, where they used their toughness and resourcefulness to live off the land Albert Johnson-style. They hunted for food, drummed up support from the local populace (who were also apparently sick of the Victoria Police's bullshit) and probably spent their free time riding crocodiles, crushing Foster's cans on their beard, and going down to the batting cage to prove their nut-tacular fortitude by letting a bunch of 80 mph baseballs ricochet off their sack like they were hitting a cement wall. But the Governor of Victoria wasn't about to let Ned get away with criminally being present while some asshole cop deservingly got the shit kicked out of them with a shovel. The Gov already had Kelly's number, and Ned was formally accused of having shot the officer in the hand with a pistol and publicly declared an outlaw. A trio of marshals headed out to the Wombat Ranges to hunt down Ned and their brother, but those guys were incompetent idiots and couldn't have tracked down the Kelly gang if they'd lojacked them. When the dumbshit cops decided to take a break from their incredibly-well-planned manhunt to shoot handguns at wild parrots, the Kellys got the drop on them, ambushing them near Stringybark Creek and holding them at gunpoint. The lead cop immediately went to turn their revolver on the Kelly Gang, so Ned in turn smoked all three officers.
I'm certainly not a proponent of cop killers, but this is kind of insane. From this point on, these guys immediately became the bushranger Aussie equivalent of Jesse James or Cole Younger - folk hero outlaws on the run from the cops. From that point on, unable to return to civilized life, the Kellys went on an insane bank robbery spree, declaring war on authority everywhere they could find it. Their actions, while obviously illegal, earned Ned a reputation as something of a Robin Hood-like character – sure, they were taking hostages, robbing banks, and stealing all the cash for himself, but in the banks that they robbed the Kellys would pull all the mortgage deeds out of the bank vaults and set them on fire, absolving oppressed homeowners of their debts to the bank. Ned and the Kelly Gang gained local support, built a network of accomplices to help hide them from the law, and pissed off the local cops worse than the Dukes of Hazzard County. As is the case with nearly every pirate, outlaw, and public enemy in history, however, Ned Kelly's hurricane of destruction needed to abruptly come to an ultraviolent end at some point, and for Ned that time was June 1880. They and their gang got a little too overexcited one day, took a bunch of hostages in a pub in Glenrowan, and then tried to blow up a passenger train full of cops. When the train didn't explode the way they hoped it would, Ned Kelly soon found themselves completely surrounded by armed police, holed up inside a crappy little pub with no escape. Not one to go down without a totally badass last stand, Ned Kelly opened the pub door and whipped out one more surprise that the cops never saw coming:
Ned Kelly fucking Army of Twoed it, busting through the door in a suit of full plate armor they had constructed themselves out of plowshares, bolts, and the blood of Yetis they strangled to death with their bare hands. They and their gang, each wearing 96 pounds of homemade Killdozer, rushed out, guns blazing, fighting a hopeless last battle against an entire county worth of police officers. In the carnage that ensued, every member of Kelly's gang was killed, and Ned was shot nearly a dozen times in the arms and legs. Yet, somehow, they continued to press on – shambling forward Frankenstein-style, firing their rifle with one arm, until they were finally (and understandably) dropped by a close-range shotgun blast to the knees. They somehow survived this as well, but was captured, arrested, and thrown in the dock.
Their armor is now in an Australian museum.
Ned's battle with the cops made headlines across the country the next morning, and Kelly was instantly catapulted to national celebrity. This armor-plated madman's story was so insane that 30,000 people went out that day and signed a petition calling for leniency and mercy for this misunderstood psychopath. They didn't get it – they were convicted of murder and hung from the neck until dead. Allegedly, their last words were, "Ah well, I suppose it has come to this... such is life." I can't tell you how much I love the idea that their last words were basically, "eh, fuck it." Despite the fact that they were an outlaw bushranger, Ned Kelly is now revered in Australia as a national hero and one of the most badass motherfuckers to ever live.  They are the subject of dozens of Australian folk songs and artwork, was the subject of the world's first feature film, and even appeared on a postage stamp in 1980. To this day, particularly hardcore Aussies self-identify as "Neds".
Coolest statue ever?
Links:
Wikipedia
IronOutlaw.com
AustralianBushrangers.com
Sources:
Brown, Max. Australian Son: The Story of Ned Kelly. Network Creative, 2005.
Seal, Graham. Encyclopedia of Folk Heroes. ABC-CLIO, 2001.
Seal, Graham. The Outlaw Legend. Cambridge Univ. Press, 1996.
Thomas, Paul. Outlaws. Black Rabbit Books, 2002.
White, Charles. History of Australian Bushranging. Angus and Robertson, 1903.
Main
The Complete List
About the Author
Miscellaneous Articles
RSS
"It has often been found that profuse expenditures, heavy taxation, absurd commercial restrictions, corrupt tribunals, disastrous wars, sedition's, persecutions, conflagrations, inundation, have not been able to destroy capital so fast as the exertions of private citizens have been able to create it."
~ Lord Thomas B. Macaulay, 1st Baron (1800—1859)
The Scythian Philosopher, Anacharsis (6th century BC), is claimed to have penned: "Written laws are like spiders' webs, and will, like them, only entangle and hold the poor and weak, while the rich and powerful easily break through them."
Anacharsis' truism contains the very essence of what we know as "Machiavellism." This philosophy historically asserts that in politics efficiency is paramount; political motives and actions should not be constrained by considerations of morality. Thus, the acts of the state are not to be held to any common standards of good and evil (i.e. law) but rather the actions of the state are in and of themselves justified, independent of civil and moral law.
The models contained in "Machiavellism" did not originate with Niccol Machiavelli but are as ancient as they are interminably evil. The very idea that political power was exempt from the norms of ethical behavior was rampant throughout the ancient world.
Both Cicero (De officiis — "On Obligations," Book 3: chapter 2) and Tacitus (Annals, Book 14: chapter 44) advance the idea that political violation of moral law was not only permissible but required for the "public welfare." Cicero declares that "there never can be such a thing as a conflict between expediency and moral rectitude." Both these ancient writer's thoughts reverberate in Machiavelli's instruction that "… it is necessary for a prince wishing to hold their own to know how to do wrong, and to make use of it or not according to necessity." (The Prince, Chapter IV)
So here is the crux of the matter: "necessity" and "public welfare" stand as the excuses for the state to act outside the bounds of common decency and at the same time to become the archenemy of the population under its control.
It is "public welfare" and "necessity" that stood as the justification for the most barbaric acts of ancient state paganism: that of human sacrifice.
The ancient historian Sanchoniathon — who we know through the works of the Christian bishop, Eusebius of Caesarea — writes concerning the pagan Phoenician religion: “It was the custom among the ancients in times of great calamity, in order to prevent the ruin of all, for the rulers of the city or nation to sacrifice to the avenging deities the most beloved of their children as the price of their redemption.”
So also Julius Caesar, speaking of the Druidical religion in Gaul, says: “They who are engaged in battles and dangers, either sacrifice men as victims, or vow that they will sacrifice them, and employ the Druids as the performers of these sacrifices, because they think that unless the life of a man be offered for the life of a man, the mind of the immortal gods cannot be propitiated, and they have sacrifices of that kind ordained for national purposes. Others have figures of vast size, the limbs of which formed of osiers they fill with living men, which being set on fire; the men perish enveloped in the flames.”
Some authors have shown, with great skill and clarity, that this abhorrent practice was common among almost every civilization prior to the fall of Troy.
Nor were these atrocities confined to the ancient world. Archeologists and historians are now telling us that as late as 800 AD the Maya of Southern Mexico and Central America were known to sacrifice children. There is also the remarkable custom of the sacrificing priest tearing out the heart of the living victim and holding it up as an offering to the Sun god in the hopes of securing the "public welfare." How many died in such a horrific manner is anyone's guess.
Some will argue that modern man is long removed from such inhuman acts. I would offer two thoughts to the contrary.
First, what is the ostensive difference between ecclesiastical rule, which claims the right of directing the lives of a people through "divine guidance" and that of a civil authority comprised of elitists who claim the same right through legislation?
If, as it has often been stated, both ecclesiastical law and civil law are obligatory because of the threat of civil force; is one less odious than the other? Don't both set aside moral law for the benefit of the state?
Second, is a society, which will continually relinquish its freedoms, rights, and markets to a ruling authority, capable of refusing the ultimate demand of the state, i.e., the inhuman right to commit wholesale murder?
Ah, here is the real meat of the matter isn't it? We as a collective have surrendered almost every aspect of our lives to state control and now are faced with the very real possibility of the unthinkable and we are the intended victims in waiting whether figuratively or in actuality.
We pretended to be the benefactors of the majestic Roman law, which some claim was the single greatest element responsible for bringing civilization back to Europe following the Dark Ages.
Yet, it was wantonly forgotten that Roman law left untouchable the power and authority of the emperor. It sanctioned slavery; it allowed that free men could be tortured and deprived of the right to a fair trial when suspected of treason, which then as now, was loosely defined and its definition relied on the whim of the emperor. Punishments for crime were cruel and could include being torn apart by wild beasts, to the crowds delight, and it was far more "just" when applied to the "connected" wealthy than to those of lower social, economic classes.
As a result we sit and watch as one Administration after another takes the mantel of emperor, and backed by congresses that even the Roman Senate would deem spineless cowards, prance and strut as if they are the authors of creation; untouchable gods of all they survey.
We complain about the gluttonous ways these same cretins consign us and future generations to abject slavery via mountains of debt, with numbers that are unfathomable.
We worry that these self-same leaders will release the dogs of war on our streets, accompanied by the same torture and depravity witnessed by those of foreign ancient civilizations under the guise of restoring social order.
We see judicial decisions, congressional law, and presidential orders that, like ancient Rome, deprive us of our property and wealth and label anyone who objects as "terrorist" while turning a blind eye to the criminal temerity of our deluded, nocuous saviors.
In truth, the English historian, Bishop William Stubbs says of Roman law that it was "a most pliant tool of oppression… no nation using the Civil Law has ever made its way to freedom… wherever it has been introduced the extinction of popular liberty has followed sooner or later." (Letters, p. 159) Few disputes that royal absolutism, as it developed in the Middle Ages, was directly due to the revival of the Roman law.
The Emperor Justinian codified Roman law but that law was nothing less than the common law of "pagan" Rome which had developed over the centuries and as we have seen "paganism" has predictable "pagan" consequences.
No longer is state intrusion into our private and business lives called "paganism." We have developed new titles — collectivism, socialism, communism, democracy etc… — to convey the state's acts that equate with those ancient governmental systems, but the results are the same.
So we are facing a seemingly black hole, from which there is no apparent escape. Certainly, societies around the world are faced with hard times, which may last for decades. However, there is hope.
History, time and time again, shows that governments fail and disappear, societies along with their economies realign and adjust, governmental monetary systems evaporate returning to the abyss from which they came, and distribution systems collapse. Yet through it all the markets, while they may be suppressed, don't stop working.
For as long as there is any market demand, human energies and resources will be employed in a productive manner to offer a supply. But as long as any society continues to accept government and its pagan policies over personal liberty, and the marketplace, laissez-faire will, by necessity, take a form the state will consider criminal and we will find foreign or uncomfortable.
The Best of Tim Case
Fonts have a serious image__ __problem. A font that looks great on your Mac might look bloated on mom's Chromebook or blocky on a friend's Nexus 6. Send them a funny listicle and they might never find out why No. 11 will amaze them, because the type is such a nightmare they don't bother reading.
Variable fonts solve this by adapting fluidly, in real-time, to look great on any device or platform. They also save space, by providing the flexibility of multiple fonts in a single file. The ideas behind variable fonts have been around awhile, but the technology has only now caught up with them. Even if you're not a developer or a typography nerd, this is a big deal.
An Unlikely Partnership
How big? Well, Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Adobe are working on it—together.__ __These unlikely collaborators, who are the four largest platforms for digital typography, unveiled variable fonts last week. "For hundreds of years we made things that were static," says Tim Brown, head of typography for Adobe Typekit and Adobe Type. "Now we have to design things that have a typographer's brain built in so they can respond to different conditions and still look good.”
Variable fonts work like—wait, let's back up. Fonts as they're used today rely on individual files for each style. The words you're reading now use a font called Exchange text. It is a single font file. Italics require a different font file. Bold, another file. Bold italic, still another. And so on. Font files comprise a font family. You'll need all of them if you want each style to render on a webpage, app, whatever. The more files you add, the more bandwidth you consume. That slows everything down, which is why it takes text-heavy sites with many fonts a long time to render.
A variable font is essentially a font family packaged in a single file. It works by defining how the font style can vary using one or more axes in a so-called "design space." Oops. Jargon. Sorry. Imagine a designer is using Gotham (the defining typeface of Barack Obama's presidential campaigns), and wants to vary its weight. They can define Gotham Thin as one end of the axis and Gotham Ultra at the other, then access a version at any point along that continuum, creating a virtually infinite catalog within one file.
They can do the same thing with other design parameters to create the ideal style for a given device, application, or use. These intermediate shapes are defined not by individual files, but by how much they differ from their extremes—a trick that makes a variable font file up to 70 percent smaller than a conventional font family. During their presentation in Warsaw, Peter Constable of Microsoft said a conventional five-weight font family that includes light, semilight, regular, semibold, and bold requires the 656kb file. The same family as a variable font requires just 199kb. Smaller files mean fewer round-trips to the server and faster renders—something that makes web developers send slow-clap gifs on Slack.
"The Uses Are Just Countless"
In developing countries where Wi-Fi and 2G are luxuries, faster page loads save everyone time and money. But even if you enjoy unlimited data, the improvements are significant. Imagine an Internet free of schizophrenic type design, fonts that adapt seamlessly to changing backgrounds, or text that resizes based to suit the orientation of your phone.
The technology builds on models Apple established with TrueType GX in the mid-90s and Adobe developed with Multiple Master fonts. They didn't catch on, but people expect variable fonts to succeed because consumers want consistency. "Anyone working with type now can't afford to have it not work on all platforms,"says Thomas Phinney, president of Fontlab. "This technology is so cool because the uses are just countless.”
Developers and font geeks are already diving into the possibilities outlined in the specs released last week. But there's more work to do. Designers must figure out which fonts work best with the technology. Consumers will__ __need rendering engines capable of making all those split-second calculations, and browsers that will work with those engines.
Engineers at Apple, Google, Microsoft, and Adobe have spent years developing that infrastructure, and the companies expect quick adoption. Google's open source font production pipeline supports variable fonts, and Google hopes to bring it to Chrome and other products ASAP. Adobe expects to release an updated tool for building variable fonts by the end of the month. And Microsoft says it will support variable fonts on all of its products by next year. And designers like Phinney are assembling variable fonts right now, eager for the day when everything, everywhere, is responsive.
Feature
While more than one rumor predicted that Apple would add a front-facing flash to its newest iPhone —an increasingly common feature among high-end handsets— nobody considered that the company would do so in a way that alleviated the need to build in extra hardware, despite evidence that Apple has been exploring such a solution for years.
For example, the screen can be set to various shades of white or to another color (e.g., pink, yellow, etc.) which can affect skin tones. In some implementations, the color balance of the image can be determined, for example, by computing a histogram that represents the color distribution of the image to be captured. The color balance can be corrected by changing the color of the screen to a complementary color prior to flash. For example, if the scene is too blue, the screen color can be changed to a yellow or pink tint to compensate for the blue depending on the color balance the user is trying to capture.
Retina Flash is how Apple has chosen to refer to a new feature that, put simply, turns the display on an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus into a giant flash. If you're a Mac owner, you've probably seen the same kind of effect before when taking a webcam snap in Photo Booth.Apple says that the iPhone's Retina Flash has several key differences from the Photo Booth incarnation, though.To begin with, the iPhone's display goes to 11 when it's in Retina Flash mode. Apple touted a custom display driver during Wednesday's keynote that can jack the display's brightness up three times higher than it normally operates at.Like the rear-facing True Tone flash, the Retina Flash also analyzes the ambient lighting situation— utilizing a preflash, in this case - before choosing a customized flash tone. Apple actually uses the True Tone name in reference to this effect as well, somewhat confusingly.While Apple didn't reveal anything else about the internal secrets of the Retina Flash on Wednesday, a patent awarded to the company in 2012 sheds some more...light...on the subject.First filed in 2010, the patent — with the imaginative title "Image Capture Using Display Device As Light Source"— describes several methods of analyzing the scene, configuring the flash, and finally capturing an image.Apple contemplates using both a hardware light sensor and analysis of the pixel intensity from the camera feed to determine lightning conditions, then dynamically adjusting the duration, brightness, and color of the display to simulate multiple types of flash. It could be used as a photo flash to compensate for darkness, for instance, or as a fill flash to simply lighten shadows.Prefacing the True Tone model, Apple also discusses ways of using the flash for color correction:Another interesting method described in the patent is a way to essentially protect autofocus from itself. The company worries that some camera modules may accidentally adjust their sensitivity to the flash, making the resulting photos too dark.To combat this, Apple divides the flash time into three intervals— known as rise time, sustain time, and fall time— which describe the on and off cycle of the flash. Rise time is the time it takes the flash to reach peak intensity; sustain time is the period during which peak brightness is sustained; and fall time is the time it takes for the flash to turn itself off and ambient light levels to return to normal.Image capture is then precisely timed to fall within the sustain time, but early enough that the camera does not have the chance to adjust to the flash. Apple also takes into account the camera's frame latency— the time it takes an image to enter the camera lens, be processed, and then shown on the display— to ensure the frame captured is the frame that's on screen at the time the user presses the shutter button.All in all, what appears on the surface to be a simple feature —flash the screen to make the room brighter —seems to be another example of Apple's extraordinary attention to detail and drive for perfection.
Guitarist Stefan Weinerhall of Swedish metallers FALCONER has issued the following update:
"The eighth [FALCONER] album, 'Black Moon Rising', is finally written.
"In January, we will once again enter Sonic Train studio [in Vargerg, Sweden] with [producer and KING DIAMOND guitarist] Andy La Rocque.
"Release date is set to June 2014.
"This time we have even made some preproductions of the material to test it out in advance.
Some titles are: 'There's A Crow On The Barrow', 'Age Of Runes', 'Scoundrel' and 'The Squire'.
"As said before, all songs are in English this time after the last album's one-off with only Swedish songs.
"It's for sure the most riff-based album in many years, and there are certainly some furious moments of brow raising on the album.
"If I would sum up the material with two words, they would be intensity and revitalization.
"We will keep it quite basic with no guest musicians and allmost no keyboards to keep it raw, natural and unpretentious.
"Can't wait to enter the studio and put the finishing touches on the songs!!
FALCONER's seventh album, "Armod", was released in June 2011 via Metal Blade Records. The CD featured 11 songs completely sung in Swedish and four bonus tracks that were said to be English versions of the bandmembers' favorite new songs.
"Armod" was once again recorded at KING DIAMOND guitarist Andy La Rocque's Sonic Train Studios in Varberg, Sweden during December 2010 and January 2011.
WASHINGTON — The White House released President Donald Trump's first budget proposal to the U.S. Congress on Tuesday, and it was full of cuts to programs that send money to Alaska.
In response, the members of Alaska's congressional delegation, despite sharing a political party with the president for the first time in years, were not keen on the cuts. They were quick to remind reporters that it is Congress, not the White House, that holds the purse strings.
Republican Rep. Don Young was inclined to keep their response to the budget request short and concise.
"This budget isn't going anywhere," Young said in a prepared statement. "The President has an obligation to propose a budget, but it's Congress' responsibility to write the budget and set spending."
The proposed budget would zero out a wide variety of programs, including the Essential Air Service, which subsidizes rural flights throughout Alaska; the Denali Commission, which coordinates state-federal infrastructure projects; and LIHEAP, a program that helps people pay for high heating bills — considered critical in many of the colder, costlier reaches of Alaska.
The Environmental Protection Agency's funding for water projects in Alaska villages would be gone, and climate change programs across the federal government would be no more. Grant programs that fund weatherization programs and a raft of rural-focused funding would be zeroed out.
Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski said while they support efforts to boost defense spending, they are "also very cognizant that many of the cuts that we're seeing on the discretionary side — these are not the cost drivers that have put us in this deficit position."
"When you think about a program like Denali Commission, or our Alaska village water program — to effectively eliminate them and not recognize that the real driver of our costs is on the mandatory side, that's not looking at the total picture here," Murkowski said. "Mandatory" spending covers the bulk of the federal budget, and includes "entitlement" programs, like Social Security and Medicare.
"But it is a budget request. So you will not see this translated into a legislative proposal that the Congress will follow," Murkowski said. Congress will go its own way, they said.
Murkowski chairs the Interior and Environment Appropriations Subcommittee, which oversees many programs that control Alaska-specific spending in the budget.
Sen. Dan Sullivan echoed Murkowski, saying in a statement Congress "will ultimately fund the federal government," and Trump's budget is "a first step and a general blueprint for where our country should be headed: Increased funding for our national defense and homeland security, and cuts to agencies that have stifled economic growth over the last eight years."
But they noted many of the cuts "disproportionately target rural economies across our country, including in Alaska, and some don't align with the commitments made by members of the Trump administration during their confirmation process and hearings."
Sullivan's spokesperson Mike Anderson said Sullivan would not support cuts to wildlife refuge payments, EPA water programs, winter-heating bill assistance and the Essential Air Service.
In fiscal year 2016, the federal government sent nearly $8 billion to Alaska through contracts, grants, loans and other types of financial assistance, according to the U.S. Treasury Department.
The bulk of that spending comes through programs that would remain untouched or expanded under the Trump administration's budget: The Department of Health and Human Services, the Social Security Administration and the Defense Department.
But the state also sees hundreds of millions of dollars through agencies that would see substantial cuts to discretionary funding, like grants and loans.
The Denali Commission spent more than $8 million in Alaska in fiscal year 2016, the Interior Department more than $341 million, the Department of Agriculture more than $250 million.
Alaska could see some benefits in one area of Trump's budget request: the military.
Though the budget is mostly an outline — a more detailed request is expected in two months — the shift to military spending is clear. Overall, the Trump administration budget would boost defense spending by $54 billion and cut the same amount from discretionary spending across the government.
The Transportation Department budget, which would see an overall 13 percent cut, would carve away $175 million by entirely eliminating the EAS program.
The program "was originally conceived of as a temporary program nearly 40 years ago to provide subsidized commercial air service to rural airports. EAS flights are not full and have high subsidy costs per passenger," the budget request said. "Several EAS-eligible communities are relatively close to major airports, and communities that have EAS could be served by other existing modes of transportation."
Young's spokesperson Matt Shuckerow said the member of congress has defended efforts to remove the service in the past, and would surely "fight like hell" to defend it and other programs again, like the Denali Commission.
The Transportation Department currently subsidizes flights to remote parts of Alaska through $20 million in contracts.
For the USDA, the budget outline said the administration wants to fully fund food safety inspections, food stamp programs and wildfire programs.
But the budget document says it will eliminate a water and wastewater loan program — cutting $498 million, some of which goes to Alaska each year. And it does not mention the USDA's housing assistance program as being saved or cut.
The budget request would make $250 million in cuts to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration grants and programs supporting coastal and marine management, research and education including Sea Grant, a research program, the request said.
That includes grants that clean up marine debris, send funds to states and tribes to recover marine species, and contributions to the Pacific Coastal Salmon Recovery Fund.
The budget would also cut the Energy Departments's weatherization assistance program and State Energy Program — $2 billion in funding.
Eliminating the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program and the Community Services Block Grant would shave $4.2 billion off the budget, the request said. "Compared to other income support programs that serve similar populations, LIHEAP is a lower-impact program and is unable to demonstrate strong performance outcomes."
The Interior budget would be cut by 12 percent, for a total of $11.6 billion. It would eliminate some payments to local governments that maintain national wildlife refuges, halt ongoing land acquisitions and cuts heavily into the U.S. Geological Survey, much of it for climate change-related activity.
At EPA, the administration took some of its deepest cuts, despite it being one of the smallest federal agencies in terms of spending. The proposed budget cut more than 50 EPA programs, worth $347 million, including targeted clean air grants and infrastructure funding for Alaska Native villages.
Just this week, the EPA announced a $2.5 million targeted grant for a Fairbanks program to reduce air pollution by paying people to swap out older wood stoves. The city faces some of the highest rates of harmful air pollution because of the common use of wood stoves for heating in its subzero temperatures, according to the EPA.
Murkowski said she's not willing to ferry through some of the administration's Interior and EPA-targeted cuts, and they want to "make sure that some of the commitments that we've been working on for a long time like cleanup of the legacy wells, that that remains on track," they said.
"I think that we need to be honest, that when we're talking about the deficit that we face … that is not driven by programs like Village Safe Water, Essential Air," Murkowski said. "These are small in the total scheme of things. The discretionary side of the budget every year gets ratcheted down and down and down… What we have not reckoned with is the mandatory side of it. That's where the real cost is."
Murkowski said in their time on the Appropriations Committee, they have kept a close eye on the EPA budget. "So it's not like we're letting things lard up," they said.
The budget does keep last year's $13 billion in funding for the Education Department's IDEA program, which supports special education students. Murkowski said they were pleased to see that remain.
The senator worried about the administration's commitment to the mandatory program to educate to disable during Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' confirmation hearings.
A prior version of this story contained an incorrect reference to the measure of copper. The story has been corrected.
Is copper the latest warning that markets are about to face hard times?
MADRID (MarketWatch) -- Economists are bullish on growth, but copper's big plunge on Wednesday appeared to be suggesting that +they're wrong. For investors, the crucial question is ‘Who is right?'
An ugly 24-hour period drove copper US:HGH5 to mid-2009 lows on Wednesday—it fell 5% to $2.1590 a pound. In New York on Tuesday, copper fell 8 cents, but the big crack came later in that day when it crashed through key support at $6,000 a tonne on the London Metal Exchange. That drop was followed by heavy falls in Shanghai on Wednesday, said Ole Hansen, Saxo Bank's head of commodity strategy.
Known as Dr Copper, the commodity is a chief building and manufacturing material and to some a harbinger of the global economy. So when investors start to bail on it, some say that is a sign of the proverbial canary in the coal mine is starting to keel over.
A nail in the deflation coffin: Some blamed copper's losses on the World Bank, which cut its global-growth outlook, including for China, a country that is a big global buyer of copper.
Investors inured to oil serving as the whipping boy for the market's global-growth worries, were taken aback by yet another commodity caving. Copper falling alone would be less of a worry for Adam Sarhan, chief executive officer of Sarhan Capital.
A range of commodities, hard and soft, have joined oil lower: gasoline, corn, sugar, to name a few, Sarhan said. A combination of this pressure “supports that notion that deflation is getting stronger not weaker and if that is the case then that bodes poorly for both main street and Wall Street,” they said.
For its part, oil has lost nearly 60% of its value since peaking in June. On Wednesday, West Texas Intermediate crude-oil futures for February delivery CLG5, +0.00% were ticking higher by 14 cents, or up 0.3%, to about $46, while February Brent North Sea crude oil LCOG5, -0.30% slipped 55 cents, or about 1.2%, to $47.26.
Equally concerned was Keith McCullough, CEO of Hedgeye Risk Management, who says they have been telling their clients to short copper for months. “Oil, copper, etc.—they are all legacy carry trades associated with the simple expectation that the Fed could perpetually inflate asset prices,” they said.
“Now deflation is dominating expectations, and all of those who underestimated how nasty the deleveraging associated with deflation can be,” said McCullough.
It is all about China: Saxo Bank's Hansen said U.S. investors have their own strong economy to fall back on, making copper less of a worry, given its ties to China. While the World Bank raised its outlook for U.S. growth for 2015, it also said the global-growth downgrade was linked to the fear U.S. growth can't compensate for eurozone and emerging markets woes.
Julian Jessop, chief global economist with Capital Economics, wrote in a note Wednesday that copper's move doesn't really break with trend, given most industrial metals prices have been weakening for several years. They said investor panic and speculative selling more than anything likely took hold as copper breached that key $6,000-a-tonne level.
“That said, we would undoubtedly feel more comfortable about the global economic outlook if the price of copper—and indeed oil—started to stabilize soon,” they said in a note.
But how much of an indicator is copper anymore? Not much, said Andrew Thatcher, investment analyst at Financial Enhancement Group, who laid out that argument in a blog post from December.
“I don't believe we should be looking at the copper market to for signals in economic growth or market direction,” they said in emailed comments.
“While the commodity doesn't trade in a vacuum by itself, I don't believe it holds the same level of value as an indicator it once did.”
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
Ringo Starr is the latest musician to cancel a show in North Carolina. The former Beatle announced Wednesday the cancellation of their All Starr Tour stop in Cary, North Carolina, on June 18 at the Koka Booth Amphitheatre. The decision comes in response to the state's controversial anti-LGBT bill HB2.
SEE ALSOEllen DeGeneres Denounces Mississippi's ‘Religious Freedom' Bill
“I'm sorry to disappoint my fans in the area, but we need to take a stand against this hatred. Spread peace and love,” Starr said in a statement. “How sad that they feel that this group of people cannot be defended.”
North Carolina passed the bill on March 23 to block an expansion on the state's current anti-discrimination law that would have gone into effect this month. The original ordinance passed by the Charlotte, North Carolina, City Council was a LGBT nondiscrimination bill, which allowed transgender people to use the bathroom according to the gender with which they identify.
SEE ALSOJanet Jackson Delays World Tour to Plan Family
The new measure was set to go into effect this month but was revoked after North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory signed the state-level bipartisan legislation, House Bill 2, the Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act, into law.
Bruce Springsteen was the first high-profile performer to cancel a performance in the state.
Contents:
- 2015 year in review [2:30]
- Tech developments and Backslash statement [12:23]
- Reflections on gender and identity [16:48]
- Chopping Block: “Taking Sides” review [28:47]
- “It's Going Down” Year in Review [42:03]
- Anarchist publishing and media [53:44]
- Mass media coverage of anarchism [1:00:37]
- The last year of the Ex-Worker [1:13:55]
- Reflections on mass movements [1:18:48]
- The Ex-Worker's new year's resolutions [1:25:32]
- Next Week's News [1:27:20]
- NATO 3 prisoner Jared “Jay Chase” update [1:31:55]
- Prisoner birthdays and outro [1:35:41]
We read a long excerpt from the “All the News You Didn't Even Know Was Going Down” 2015 year in review from our friends at the excellent new anarchist media site It's Going Down. Keep an eye out for their soon-to-be-launched crowdfunding campaign to raise money for their print magazine.
Check out all the actions that happened under the auspices of “Black December”!
January 22nd has been declared an International Day of Solidarity with Trans Prisoners. The day is being spearheaded by Marius Mason, the trans Green Scare prisoner currently held in Texas. This annual event, led by trans prisoners and their supporters from around the world, offers a chance for those on the outside to remember those behind bars, give real solidarity and support and raise awareness about issues facing trans prisoners. It is a chance for those on the inside to have a voice and organize together. Events are scheduled all around the world, including letter writing gatherings, film screenings, public forums, workshops, vigils, fundraisers, shows, and actions. You can read more details at transprisoners.net And if you're planning an event, send a message to transprisonersolidarity@riseup.net to let them know so they can add it to the website. We've posted the info along with a number of links related to trans prisoner solidarity on our website.
Please take a moment to support Jared “Jay” Chase of the NATO 3! You can attend their pre-trial court date on February 3rd in Chicago, follow their case on Twitter, Facebook, or the NATO 3 support page. You can also write to Jay at:
Jared Chase M44710
P.O. Box 99
Pontiac, IL 61764
Contact organizers from “The Spaces Between”, the publishing project and tour (dates February 20th - March 5th) focusing on the experiences of anarchists outside of major urban “strongholds” and cities with substantial institutional lefts, by emailing nothingisnothing@riseup.net.
Here's the link we mentioned to the Intercept's documentary chronicling Eric McDavid's case using actual video and audio footage captured by the FBI in the course of their entrapment.
In our roundup of tech developments, we highlighted the Electronic Frontier Foundation's Surveillance Self-Defense page of “Tips, Tools and How-tos for Safer Online Communications” and the Backslash kit of devices to help protestors stay safe and connected during demonstrations.
In our discussion of identity and solidarity, we cited a New York Times Magazine article about 2015 called “The Year We Obsessed Over Identity”.
Black liberation prisoner Herman Bell is up for parole in February. While you won't find us advocating that you sign petitions very often, this time around it could help make a concrete difference towards freeing a longtime fighter for liberation; take a look at this petition on their behalf to the parole board and sign it if you feel inclined. Also, if you're in the Asheville, NC area, don't miss this solidarity event for Herman on January 14th, their 68th birthday, at Firestorm Books & Coffee.
On January 16th, make something happen near you to celebrate the day of action in solidarity with the ZAD, the anti-airport occupation in Notre-Dame-des-Landres, France we profiled in Episode 14.
Cape Town - Ireland's Test against South Africa at the Aviva Stadium is sold out, according to the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU) website.
CLICK: To support South Africa's Rugby World Cup 2023 bid
All 51 000 have been snapped up in a Test that will see the current world No 4-ranked Irish welcome the fifth-ranked Boks to Dublin.
The Test on Saturday, November 11 will be South Africa's first match since going down 25-24 to the All Blacks in Cape Town last Saturday.
The Springboks' last visit to Dublin was in November 2014, when the hosts prevailed 29-15.
Meanwhile, Ireland's matches against Fiji and Argentina are set for record ticket sales, with over 43 000 tickets sold for the clash against Fiji on Saturday, November 18 and over 49 000 sold for Argentina's visit a week later.
The Guardian has responded to the death of psychopathic ISIS terrorist Jihadi John as only the Guardian knows how: by reviving a charming, Facebook-style photo montage showing the martyred victim's tragic journey from “shy, football-loving boy to Isis killer”.
If you read the sub-heading, you might even get the impression that the “Isis killer” part is in some doubt.
How high-profile target of a US airstrike evolved from a quiet child devoted to religion to become held responsible for the beheading of seven western hostages
“To become held responsible for”?
The clunky, clumsy construction is as ugly as the sentiment.
Does the Guardian really mean to suggest that it was a case of mistaken identity? Or that Jihadi John was just edited in to the before-and-after shots of all those snuff videos they made but someone else did the actual decapitating? Or that the true responsibility for their deeds lies elsewhere – perhaps with the British intelligence services which drove them deeper into radicalism by asking them awkward questions and by once, allegedly, buying their laptop, thus nearly driving them to suicide?
Mohammed Emwazi, we learn from the Guardian, was nice. Really, really nice. So nice – we are led to infer – that it is almost inconceivable that so very nice a chap could possibly have ended up becoming so nasty except by coming under extreme duress from dark outside forces. These dark outside forces have nothing to do with the peaceful religion of Islam to which Emwazi was devotedly attached. More likely they are a product of Islamophobia.
Of course, it's always grimly fascinating looking at serial killers' pasts in order to gain an insight into the murderous creatures they became. But I can't, somehow, imagine the Guardian devoting quite such special pleading to the case of a less ideologically sympathetic psychopath. For example, I've looked at its profile of Anders Breivik from the time of the Norway massacre, and there's definitely no attempt made to tell us what a cute, lovable kid they are. Their racism, Islamophobia, and right-wing politics, it's made clear, are the driving force behind their actions. No doubt they were but had the Guardian given the same treatment to Emwazi, it would surely have treated us to lavish detail about the terrorists and terrorist-sympathisers they hung out with and about the Islamofascist ideology with which they had so clearly been indoctrinated.
Instead, the Guardian treads on eggshells in its eagerness not say anything bad about Islamism. As witness this weaselly correction:
This article was amended on 17 March 2015. An earlier version said Emwazi was reported to have taken part in a demonstration outside the Harrow central mosque to “celebrate” the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The demonstration was not a celebration of the 9/11 attacks. It was a counter-demonstration against a protest organised by the English Defence League and Stop the Islamisation of Europe.
As we learn from the body of the Guardian's report, one of the speakers at this “counter-demonstration” was one of the Islamists who subsequently murdered Lee Rigby on the streets of Greenwich. So: a hardcore event for seriously committed jihadists exulting on the anniversary of one of their biggest atrocities. Yet still, the Guardian insists on presenting it as an innocent response to provocation by the EDL and Stop the Islamisation of Europe.
Most of the Guardian's readers aren't on board with this, you'll be pleased to hear. Or at least not to judge by the online comments to today's news report, most of which are variations on the theme of “Couldn't have happened to a nicer bloke”.
But inevitably there are exceptions. Here's a taste:
I hold no brief for ISIS at all, but no civilized country carries out extrajudicial killings. Emwazi's murders and atrocities of ISIS were aimed at creating the excuse to get the reluctant public to accept yet another invasion of the middle East giving cover for regime change in Syria which has all along been the long term aim.
That there are mercenaries running amuck in Syria is true but we have funded them directly and indirectly because there is a determination to break up Syria.
Nixon lied about the reasons for war, nothing has changed except the lie Why are contribributors to this thread exulting in the murder of a British citizen at the hands of a foreign power, acting – incredibly – with the connivance of the British authorities*? Yes, Emwazi had a case to answer in respect of their alleged participation in hideous crimes , but they deserved their day in court, like any other British citizen. As is typical of targeted US strikes, it is likely dozens of civilians were also killed just to kill one high profile target for propaganda purposes. Very depressing that extra-judicial assassinations are now seen as a good thing. Assassination by drone is an abomination, and would not be carried out by a civilised nation.
The fact that it has become an acceptable Western practice says more about our complete disregard for the rule of law, and indifference to true justice. we have become as bad as the terrorists Love the smell of propaganda in the morning, smells like…. bullshit.
and, my personal favourite
A totally outrageous illegal extrajudicial assassination killing of an Englishman not convicted of any crime. If they were so “guilty” why not try in in a Western court? This is “Guantanamo Bay from the skies” and it is a denial of the rights of everyone else in Britain we never got to give them their “Welcome Home, Emwazi” signs. I hope their family, like Shakir, sue the British government for millions of pounds. If everyone who voted Tory and Labour are partly responsible for the abuses Shakir and Emwazi have suffered, perhaps they should all be in jail. Perhaps on a rotational basis. Lie detectors could establish who voted for what party.
I think the last may be satire but you can never quite tell. That's the problem with the liberal-left these days: its so lunatic extreme it's forever threatening to put parody out of business.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — Syria's ability to produce chemical weapons has been destroyed and its remaining toxic armaments secured, weapons inspectors said Thursday, as President Bashar al-Assad has offered unexpectedly robust cooperation, at least so far, with a Russian-United States accord to dismantle their arsenal.
Elimination of Mr. Assad's manufacturing ability is the most significant milestone yet in a process that still faces a monumental task: destroying the government's 1,290 tons of declared chemical weapons in the midst of a bloody civil war that has killed well over 100,000 people and carved up control of the country.
Weapons inspectors who have been in the country just one month say that despite battles raging across the country, deep international disagreement over how to stop the war and even what United States officials say was an Israeli strike on a Syrian Army base late Wednesday night, Syria has so far met all of its commitments and deadlines.
By doing so, Mr. Assad's government can claim success in what it said would be a key benefit of the accord — seizing a new measure of credibility and portraying itself not as an outlaw regime but as a reliable and legitimate international player. But opponents of Mr. Assad, including the rebels, are deeply critical of the deal for that very reason — it has helped buttress their position but done nothing to stop the war.
Foolproof Test for Catching Liars Still Elusive
This is the first in a three-part series.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bettmann/Corbis Bettmann/Corbis
What About in Court? The polygraph test seems to turn up more frequently on low-brow daytime talk shows these days than in the courtroom. That's because a federal appeals court essentially ruled lie-detector tests inadmissible just a few years after the first one was invented.
Leonarde Keeler — the Berkeley, Calif., cop who patented the polygraph machine, made it portable and helped publicize its use — is often referred to as the father of the polygraph. But the first lie-detector test was actually introduced in the 1910s by William Marston, a Harvard psychologist (who also created the comic book character Wonder Woman).
Marston's lie-detector test involved monitoring the subject's blood pressure to see how it changed during questioning. The idea, basically, was that when someone is lying, their systolic blood pressure rises in a curve. As the U.S. Court of Appeals later put it, "The theory seems to be that truth is spontaneous, and comes without conscious effort, while the utterance of a falsehood requires a conscious effort, which is reflected in the blood pressure."
Keeler's souped-up machine — which included more vital sign measures, such as heart rate and perspiration — went on to become the standard for polygraph testing. But it was Marston's method that led to the legal standard for allowing polygraphs — and indeed, all expert testimony on scientific findings — in court.
In the early 1920s, a man named James Frye was accused of murder in Washington, D.C., and said they would submit to a lie-detector test, administered by Marston, to prove their innocence. They passed the exam, but the court refused to allow it into evidence or to allow Marston to testify about it.
Frye was convicted. They appealed the decision in 1923, arguing that they should have been allowed to present Marston's testimony about the results of their lie-detector test as part of their defense.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia supported the lower court's judgment, ruling that the polygraph test was not "sufficiently established to have gained general acceptance in the particular field in which it belongs." Frye v. United States set the standard that made polygraph tests generally inadmissible in criminal trials.
Although the Supreme Court set a new standard for allowing expert testimony in 1993, it still held in 1998 that blocking polygraph tests doesn't violate a defendant's constitutional rights, because "there is simply no consensus that polygraph evidence is reliable."
There is something disconcerting about the fact that we can map the human genome and land a robot on Mars, but we still can't say for sure whether someone is trying to pull the wool over our eyes.
Our inability to know when someone is deceiving us has enormous consequences in the fight against terrorism. The search for truth and information has led the Bush administration to seek legal justifications with regard to torture and interrogation. Just how far is America willing to go to wring information from a potential terrorist? The question ended up casting a pall over the tenure of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and became the seminal question in the confirmation hearings of their potential replacement, Michael Mukasey.
What we consider to be the modern polygraph, the machine that set the early standard for lie detectors, was invented in the 1920s, at a time when Prohibition was in full swing and law enforcement officers had their hands full chasing bootleggers and cracking crime syndicates.
That machine was invented by a Berkeley, Calif., cop, Leonarde Keeler. Their timing couldn't have been better. The Roaring '20s were a time when quacks were extolling the virtues of truth serum and people were exploring the unconscious mind. Spiritualism was all the rage in the United States. In that environment, the prospect of a machine that could separate liars from truth tellers was exciting.
Keeler's machine was more clinical than mystical. It measured pulse rate, blood pressure, respiration and what they called electro-dermal responses — a fancy name for sweaty palms. Subjects were told to answer yes-or-no questions while their physical responses were recorded by ink pens on paper. But that shows the problem with the polygraph — in essence, it is more of an anxiety detector than an instrument that measures lying.
Big-Screen Truths
Robert DeNiro's interrogation of their prospective son-in-law, Ben Stiller, in the movie Meet the Parents wasn't just funny: It contained more than a grain of truth about the polygraph, as with each succeeding question, Stiller's anxiety levels went off the charts.
"Did you fly in an airplane today?" DeNiro begins. Polygraphers call this a base question — something innocuous that allows them to get a baseline reading on their subject.
"Yes, I did," Stiller answers, peering over at the machine.
"No peeking," DeNiro snaps. "Did we eat pot roast for dinner tonight?"
"Yes," Stiller replies.
"Was it undercooked?"
Stiller's anxiety begins to show. The needles on the machine begin to jump.
Herein lies the rub. While the polygraph can show when someone gets anxious, it can't say definitively what is triggering their anxiety. Critics of the machine say it is as much about intimidation as it is about not telling the truth.
In 2003, the National Academy of Sciences decided to put the machine to the test. Its conclusion: When the polygraph was used to investigate a specific incident, it performed "well above chance though well below perfection." It was hardly a ringing endorsement. The problem, the NAS report said, was that while the physical manifestations often associated with lying could be measured by the polygraph, the very same problems — increased heart rate, skyrocketing blood pressure and sweaty palms — could happen in the absence of a lie as well.
"Many other psychological and physiological factors (such as anxiety about being tested) also affect those responses," the report said. "Such phenomena make polygraph testing intrinsically susceptible to producing erroneous results."
Clearly, the body gives off signs of deception, so good lie detection is really about trying to identify the best way of reading those signs.
Getting Hooked Up to the Polygraph
Bill Majeski looks nothing like the polygraphers you see in the movies.  They are a soft-spoken man who exudes gentleness. A former New York Police Department investigator and polygrapher, Majeski agreed to hook me up to one of the old-fashioned Keeler polygraph machines, so I could experience it.
The machine looked a little menacing. About the size of a briefcase, it seemed a little like those EKG machines paramedics took out at the scene of an accident in the 1970s show Emergency. Majeski cracked open the polygraph to reveal a tangle of copper wires connected to metal knobs. They extracted a blood pressure cuff and some hoses — and even light chains.
I began to question the wisdom of getting myself hooked up to the polygraph. I have nothing to hide, exactly, but I still felt my heart begin to race.
Majeski read my mind.
"It is clearly intimidating to a certain extent, and that is one of the reasons why so much time is spent preliminarily," they said.
They said a good polygrapher can spend hours with a subject before actually firing up the machine.
"Clearly, you are measuring levels of anxiety and emotion," Majeski said. "But the thing is that you establish a norm for the person that you are going to be testing. ... I will never do a polygraph test if a person is in a high state of anxiety."
Majeski put a blood pressure cuff on my arm and tightened it. They put a coiled rubber tube that looked like a telephone cord around my chest. It felt tight. They placed monitors on my fingertips. Now, before you start hoping that Majeski did to me what DeNiro did to Stiller, they didn't.
The key point was that I had nothing at stake. For a polygraph to work, you have to actually care about what you are being asked. So all we heard while they asked me mock questions was the soothing, even scratching of the pens on the polygraph paper.
Room for Human Influence
It may surprise you that the people who are the most effective at administering the tests are those who are rooting for the subjects.
"When I do a test, as with any good examiner when they do a test, they view the subject as being a truthful subject," Majeski said. "And you go forward with that premise. The natural reaction by a truthful person is they are a little nervous. They don't want to be blamed for something they didn't do. So they are looking for some helping hand and we should provide that."
Of course, that is a problem, too. The subjective opinions of polygraph examiners play a huge role in whether people pass or fail. Studies show, for example, that senior staff members at organizations rarely fail the test. Yet as many as 40 percent of applicants for entry-level positions don't pass. Are applicants just more nervous? Or is it that polygraphers don't want to fail their bosses?
Daniel Langleben, a psychiatrist and neuroscientist at the University of Pennsylvania, said it's unclear just how much the interaction between the polygraphers and their subjects affects the test. For him, that negates the polygraph's usefulness in lie detection.
"It is not very well understood, but face-to-face interaction between an examiner and an examinee is a factor," they said. "To me, an unknown is equal to [a] problem."
Search for a Perfect Test Goes On
Dig a little deeper and you find a lot of problems with the polygraph. Despite many tests, the polygraph didn't catch Aldrich Ames, the CIA agent who spied for the Soviets. Consider the case of Wen Ho Lee, the Department of Energy scientist who was wrongly accused of being an agent for the Chinese government. The polygraph they took indicated deception but there was never any proof that they passed nuclear secrets to the Chinese.
"There is just no question in my mind that if we had an effective lie detector that the pressure to use it for security purposes, in courtrooms — even in sensitive employment settings — will be so strong that it will make its way into those settings," said Paul Root Wolpe from the Center for Bioethics at University of Pennsylvania. "The reason polygraphy hasn't done that yet is because it is just not good enough."
So the challenge to find the perfect detector of deception continues. There are new machines that look for brain-activity patterns when a subject is lying, and computers that track micro-expressions that can tip someone off to untruths. As the war on terrorism continues, the search for a way to ferret out lies does, too. So far, it has been elusive.
Community
Press Release
Date: February 1, 2015
Time: 3:00 a.m.
Incident: Homicide
Location: 5400 block of Farina Lane
Fremont Police detectives are actively investigating an early morning homicide that occurred on the 5400 block of Farina Lane in Fremont.
This morning at 3:00 a.m., Fremont Police dispatch received several 9-1-1 calls reporting an in-progress disturbance occurring at a residence on Farina Lane. The callers stated they could hear glass breaking and that a possible fight was taking place in the street. Multiple officers expedited their response and found an adult male suffering from life threatening injuries at the residence. Fremont Fire Paramedics, who were staged around the corner, were immediately summoned to the scene and declared the victim deceased.
The victim is a 24 year old adult male, Newark resident. The Alameda County Coroner's Office is investigating the official cause of death.
Fremont Police Crimes Against Persons Detectives and detectives from the Southern Alameda County Major Crimes Task Force have assumed this investigation. No arrests have been made, but detectives are actively following up on leads. Detectives are asking anyone with information about this incident, to please contact the Investigations Unit at 510-790-6900 or send an anonymous tip via Nixle, by following the instructions below.
Press/Media: Please contact Public Affairs Manager Geneva Bosques at 510-790-6957 or Gbosques@fremont.gov.
If George Bailey was hurting, they aren't giving away even the slightest hint.
Forced to share the elation of winning their first major international personal award – Australia's ODI Player of the Year – with the despair of being axed from the Test team, Bailey showed the level of class their batting so tantalisingly hinted at but failed to deliver during the summer.
In the course of one good-humoured, insightful media conference they were able to illustrate just why they were so warmly welcomed into the Australia dressing room during their debut Ashes series, and why their new team-mates genuinely mourn their absence from the coming tour to South Africa.
“I guess I've had the news for a bit longer than most so I've been able to deal with it in my own time,” Bailey said when asked to explain their feelings. “And to be honest, I was more hoping than expecting to be on the tour.
“I think I was a beneficiary of the fact that we were winning those Tests, and as a batsman I think you're judged on setting games up and getting big runs in first innings.
“I would have liked to have contributed more, and if I had done that then it would have been an expectation to be on that flight as opposed to a hope.
“So I can't really fault it (the selectors' decision).”
Their pragmatic assessment of their lack of success across five Tests – just one half-century and a handful of false starts – was tinged with the silver lining of what they had gleaned along the journey.
At 31 they know it's unlikely that the chance to add to their Test record – five matches for as many wins – will come theirs way.
But he's not about to wave the white flag and instead aims to take what he's learned from their sojourn and make themselves an even better player.
“I leaned a hell of a lot about my game, which is really exciting to get to my age and still discover that you've got so much more to learn,” Bailey said. “It's reinvigorated me in a lot of ways.
“I had a really good chat with 'Boof' (coach Darren Lehmann) yesterday during the one-day game, and I think I've got some things to work on against good quality fast bowling - which at times in my career I've dealt with quite well, but I think I've got into some bad habits playing a lot of short-form cricket.
“I just need to go away and work out how to get rid of those and then work out how to adapt really quickly, which is something you see 'Pup' (Clarke) and Steve Smith do really well, and that's where I need to get to.”
They don't need to look far for motivation.
The feeling they enjoyed celebrating in the middle, singing the team victory song, being part of rare Ashes history will always be with him.
The trouble is, it has only made them crave more.
“I think the reason we play, certainly at my stage, is to play for Australia," they said. "And I'll tell you what, if those five Tests weren't the most addictive thing to be a part of and to get back and feel that once again, then I don't think I've ever had a greater motivation.
“I think I said at the start of the (Ashes) series that at 31 you probably only get one crack at it, but I'm hoping now to prove myself wrong.”
At least they can count on the influential support of their skipper, who sung Bailey's praises loud and glowingly when asked their response to the news that they won't be leading their No.6 batsman of the Ashes whitewash on the African campaign.
“Bails is a great example of someone that probably didn't perform as well as they would have liked personally throughout the Ashes series, but I can't tell you the benefit of having them around the group, their leadership on and off the field, and their attitude,” Clarke said.
“And that takes more courage and character than when you're making hundreds or taking five-fors, to be able to give so much back to the team when you're not performing personally.
“I think that's the most under-rated thing in sport, and I think that's why the whole team feels for them that he's not coming to South Africa with us.”
Click here to see part 3: BitBlender
Bitcoin mixers are quite popular and they will probably continue to be so even as new privacy solutions like Monero or Zcash come along. Coin tumblers provide a great service, but they should be used carefully.
We want to show you how to use, not only Bitcoin mixer, but four. We want to show you how to use four mixers so you can make your own choice about which one to use. We do not advertise these mixers as being the best out there but they are certainly popular. Remember: When using a third party service, there is always a chance your funds can be stolen or lost. This goes for centralized exchanges, web wallets and coin mixers. Last time, we showed you how to use the BitBlender mixer. This time, we'll show you how to use CoinMixer.se.
CoinMixer requires no account or password and it's very simple to use. CoinMixer.se charges a random 1-3% fee and a fixed 0.0004 BTC fee per output (to cover tx. fees). While, CoinMixer can be accessed through the clearnet, it's advisabel that you do it through tor.
Part 1 – Choose your outputs
Step 1: Click here (onion link) to go to CoinMixer.se
Step 2: ClicK “Participate” to start the mixing process
To achieve better privacy it's advised that you split your transaction into more than one wallet. We'll use two outputs.
Step 3: Enter the address you want your bitcoin send to (1), the amount (2), and the time delay you want to use (3). It's important to use time delay to throw off blockchain analysis
Step 4: In order to use more than one wallet, click “More Outputs”
Step 5: (Repeat Step 3) Enter the address you want your bitcoin send to (1), the amount (2), and the time delay you want to use (3). It's important to use time delay to throw off blockchain analysis
Step 6: Scroll down, Solve the Captcha and click “Continue”
Part 2 – Mix your Bitcoin
Step 1: Select your preferred bitcoin transfer method. We'll use Address and Amount
Step 2: Now in order to ensure that the sending address was indeed provided by CoinMixer.se, you can download the letter of guarantee at the bottom of the page. This letter will also come in handy in case of withdrawal problems. You can use your PGP software to verify the signature.
Step 3: Now scroll back up and send the correct amount of Bitcoin (1) to the address shown (2)
Step 4: Click “Done”
And you'll be taken to the status page, where you can check on your order in real-time
And that concludes our lesson! You've now learned how to shield yourself from prying eyes using four different bitcoin mixers. It may seem like overkill, but in order to retain your privacy you must be willing to jump through certain hoops.
John Horgan | Photo: Darren Stone, Times Colonist
The provincial NDP party threatened February 8 to sue Premier Christy Clark for alleging without proof that the party illegally hacked into a BC Liberal Party website.
NDP Leader John Horgan said the party has consulted a lawyer and will consider legal action against Clark unless they retract the comments and issues a full public apology.
“This is extremely troubling,” they said. “The most powerful person in the province thinks it's OK to just make stuff up. That is just absolutely wrong and it brings, I think, disrepute to the office.”
Clark made the allegations during a Facebook Live interview with Vancouver Sun columnist Vaughn Palmer on Tuesday.
“We saw them try to hack into our website the other day,” they said, referring to the NDP.
They later added that “hacking into websites is illegal.”
Horgan insisted Wednesday that there is no truth to Clark's claims. “She made this up,” they said. “I know nothing of any hacking involving my office, involving the NDP.”
Clark, who was in Victoria Wednesday to meet with B.C. Liberal candidates on Vancouver Island, was unable to provide reporters with any evidence to support their allegations and instead accused the media of making too much of the issue.
“For me, I don't want to get distracted by all the horse race, inside baseball politics that you guys [in the media] like to talk about, because I think people want to hear me talking about ideas and they want to hear me talking about what my plan is,” they said.
Horgan said Clark needs to take responsibility for maligning them and other members of the NDP.
“I find it troubling that the premier of British Columbia believes it's OK to make unfounded allegations and then make the case that it was ‘insider baseball' that they don't want to talk about,” they said. “She created the ball diamond, they threw the first pitch and it was a complete fabrication.”
The B.C. Liberals first announced the alleged hacking Monday, claiming that over the weekend their “opponents” gained access to supporters' feedback on the party's Vancouver Island platform. The hackers also obtained the supporters' names, email addresses and postal codes, the B.C. Liberals said.
Emile Scheffel, the party's communications director, released a statement late Wednesday saying the party has traced the hack to an IP address at the Legislative Assembly in Victoria. But, like Clark, they offered no proof linking it the NDP.
The controversy overshadowed Clark's press event to introduce B.C. Liberal candidates running on Vancouver Island in the May 9 provincial election.
The B.C. Liberals hold two of the 14 MLA seats on the island and one of them — Don McRae of Comox Valley — is retiring from politics. Clark hopes to expand the party's toehold by unveiling an Island-specific platform in the coming months.
Times Colonist
A Melbourne computer company says Apple is "trying to burn us out" with legal fees in the latest David and Goliath battle over the iPod maker's trademarks.
Peter McRae, managing director of Macpro Computers in Collingwood, has provided "Macpro"-branded computers and technical support to businesses for 26 years but has been jumping through legal hoops ever since Apple was preparing to launch its Mac Pro line of computers about 3 and a half years ago.
Macpro Computers managing director Peter McRae.
In an oversight they now seriously regrets, McRae did not officially register the Macpro trademark.
"Apple came along with the Mac Pro and before it was launched they heard about us because we applied to be an [Apple] reseller. As soon as they saw "Macpro" pop up as an applicant, it alerted them to the fact that there was a Macpro here," McRae said in a phone interview.
WATERLOO REGION — The public will get a sneak peek of the region's shiny new Ion train next month.
The region will host an open house at the Region of Waterloo's operations, maintenance and storage facility in Waterloo on April 8. People will get to see the light rail transit vehicle up close and take a tour of it. Staff from GrandLinq and Bombardier will be available to answer questions.
The two companies will perform a wide range of tests on the vehicle before they test it on LRT tracks. Testing is expected to start in the spring and will take place on the test track from the Northfield Ion stop to the Caroline and Erb intersection in uptown Waterloo.
The first train arrived with a lot of fanfare from Bombardier's plant in Thunder Bay last month. Lots of people kept a close eye on Twitter to watch it roll into the region.
The three top European prospects this season may join NBA teams next season ... Or they may not in what is becoming a trend of Euros deciding to stay put, disappointing NBA fans while thrilling their teams in Europe.
Nikola Mirotic, a 6'10" power forward whose been compared to Toni Kukoc, is considering whether to join the Bulls next season, but they and the Chicago front office has to figure away around their $3.5 million buyout. In recent days, it's begun to look like Mirotic, a Montenegrin with a Spanish passport, will sign a new deal with Real Madrid, delaying their arrival in Chicago. Mirotic is the best NBA prospect in Europe and maybe the best player, having won the Spanish League MVP at 22 last year. Picked at No. 23 in 2011, he'd likely go top five this year.
Dario Saric, a 6'9" small forward and a projected top 10 pick this June, has decided to opt out and sign with Anadolu Efes of Turkey. Their father thinks the 19-year-old isn't ready for the NBA and even if they change their mind, he'll be stuck in Istanbul for two years. They won't have a buyout until the 2016 post-season. A Nets fan growing up --his idol is fellow Croatian Drazen Petrovic-- Saric has had off-court issues, like a public feud with their father and another between father and their now former agent.
Bojan Bogdanovic, the 6'8" swingman, also has an uncertain future as we've reported (ad infinitum). Last July, it looked like he'd join the Nets but the two sides couldn't reach a deal that would permit them to pay off their $2 million buyout and make an NBA salary competitive with their European salary. He's switched representation since and he's a free agent. So, there's no buyout to worry about. However, the Nets will need to rebuild their relationship with them and their agent, then find a way with their limited resources to sign them and Shaun Livingston. They haven't said definitively whether he'll stay with Fenerbahce, join the Nets or go elsewhere in Europe. It appears at least for now that he's staying with Fener. Of course, the Nets could trade their rights but if they decide to stay in Europe, the value of those rights will drop. Also, their performance has dropped off a bit in 2014. (In a blowout win Monday, they scored eight points, handed out three assists, grabbed three rebounds and blocked a shot in limited minutes.)
Is there a common thread? If anything, it's that European teams have become more aggressive in keeping homegrown talent on the continent, offering salaries competitive to what NBA clubs are willing to pay for untested talent. And NBA GM's are losing patience with difficult situations.
Image copyright bbc Image caption The Crucible is part of the Sheffield Theatres organisation
Sheffield Theatres has been named the best regional theatre for the second year running at the Stage Awards.
The organisation, which runs the Crucible and Lyceum venues, was recognised for its range of new shows in the past season, such as its stage adaptation of The Full Monty.
The entertainment industry newspaper's 2014 awards also saw Hampstead Theatre named London theatre of the year.
Michael Grandage's company was named producer of the year.
The Donmar Warehouse's former artistic director was praised for their inaugural West End season, which featured the likes of Daniel Radcliffe, Jude Law and Dame Judi Dench and offered £10 tickets.
The prize for school of the year went to the National Youth Theatre, which provided free training to young people in 2013.
London's Southwark Playhouse was named best fringe theatre, while the annual "unsung hero" award was presented posthumously to theatre consultant Andy Collier.
"It is a fantastic honour to be crowned regional theatre of the year for the second year running," said Sheffield Theatres' chief executive Dan Bates.
Tha past year, they continued, had been "truly unforgettable" and had seen the theatres' work seen "on a local, national and international level".
"It was another really tough year for the judges across all the categories," said Alistair Smith, chair of the judging panel and The Stage's deputy editor.
Dear Teese Vegan Cheese friends,
We have chosen to discontinue the retail line of Teese Vegan Cheese (our foodservice line will continue). We deeply appreciate all our loyal customers and have appreciated meeting and sharing conversations with you on this journey.
Restaurants please note: we are still making Teese for foodservice and there will be no interruption in supply. We are committed to continuing and growing our foodservice operation for Teese.
As you may know, we also make Dandies All Natural Marshmallows. While Teese has continued growing every year, Dandies have been growing even faster, becoming our most well-known product and our flagship brand. Business decisions aren't always easy, but we can't look back. We believe that by letting go of the retail side of Teese, we can focus more on making Dandies a stronger brand and make an even bigger dent on our crusade against gelatin.
Seven years ago, when we first met as a team and discussed the idea of making a vegan cheese, the market was small and the product quality for vegan cheese was lacking. We set out to change that. Our first flavor (mozzarella-style) was born just a few weeks later. We then set out to tackle cheddar and the best vegan cheese sauces imaginable. And we did!
Then along came Dandies Marshmallows to the Chicago Vegan Foods family. We had no idea what would happen with a product we essentially made for our family and friends. Luckily you and lots of others loved it too! The brand continues to grow far beyond our expectations. So much that we had to make some tough decisions for the future of our company.
We have so much potential and room to grow with Dandies. Every additional bit of effort we can put into Dandies means more delicious cruelty-free marshmallows we can have out there roasting over campfires and swimming in hot cocoa. It means less gelatin in the world and fewer unnatural ingredients being sold to our kids and family. We still have a lot of work to do (and lots of new products to introduce in the future).
We've just started shipping out our last batches of Teese Vegan Cheese to stores. If you want to stock up, now's the time!
Thanks to all the other vegan cheese makers in the world for doing amazing things and pushing the boundaries of the movement. A few of our personal favorites are Chao Cheese from Field Roast, Heidi Ho! Organics, Follow Your Heart, Punk Rawk Labs, Treeline Cheese, and Miyoko's Creamery. We share similar goals and passions with all of these companies and greatly admire the work they're doing.
Again, thank you all for buying Teese. Thank you for sharing it with your families and friends. Thanks for believing in our product and fighting the good fight with us and for all your support. It's impossible for us to express how much it's all meant to us. We'll be seeing you in the marshmallow aisle at your favorite store!
— Chicago Vegan Foods
P.S. If you have any questions or comments please feel free to email me at danreed@chicagoveganfoods.com or reach out to us on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire (CNN) Hillary Clinton's campaign filed it's first report with the Federal Election Commission on Wednesday, stating that they raised a substantial $47 million, but spent roughly 40% of that.
Clinton, whose campaign has been focused on raising money for the primary, brought in $46,725,329.13, according to the report. Some donors, however, sent the campaign money twice the $2,700 primary donation minimum, leading the campaign to raise $824,620.51 in general election contributions.
The campaign has spent heavily, though. While they have about $29 million in cash-on-hand, they spent about $19 million in their first quarter as a campaign, giving the campaign a burn rate of 40%.
Clinton's 40% burn rate is far higher than their first quarter as a candidate in 2007. During that quarter -- from January to March in 2007 -- Clinton raised $36 million and only spent about $5 million, giving that campaign a 14% burn rate.
In the second quarter of 2007, Clinton's campaign brought in $27 million and spent about $13 million, giving it a 47% burn rate.
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said thanks to their 250,000 donors, the campaign has "had the ability to make critical investments in our organization that will put us in position to win the primary and the White House."
"With Republicans tapping their billionaire backers for unlimited sums of money, we are glad to be able to have such broad support to be able to show why Hillary Clinton is the only candidate who will fight for policies that allow everyday Americans to get ahead and stay ahead," Mook said.
A release from Clinton's campaign said 94% of their donations were $250 or less, with an average donation of $144.89. Sixty-one percent of the donors, the campaign said, came from women.
Clinton and their team have focused intently on raising money during their first quarter, criss-crossing the country at a frenetic pace. Clinton personally headlined 58 fundraisers in 18 states in the three-month quarter, a sizable number for a frontrunner. Them campaign aides headlined a number of other fundraisers.
Hillary for America's high burn rate smacks against campaign aides's claims of being thrifty. For much of the quarter, aides joked and bragged about spending little money, providing journalists with anecdotes about taking the bus, not the train, and not being given business cards.
"It is a big dollar number," an aide said Wednesday as the FEC report was filed. "But we have more cash on hand than any other campaign by far. We feel good about where we are. Robby and the whole team made a plan and executed on that plan and it was about spending smartly and spending in ways that make sense. We are very comfortable with where things are and how we are moving."
Despite the burn rate, Clinton still far outpaces their Democratic opponents.
Sanders raised about $14 million during the quarter, $1.5 million of which came from their Senate committee, according to their campaign's FEC report. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who was a candidate for 30 days this quarter, raised $2 million, according to their campaign.
There was an entertaining joke doing the rounds last season that Leicester City bought the Premier League title for €5.6 million and sold it to Chelsea for €32m. The subject of the wisecrack was the Blues midfield dynamo N'Golo Kante, whose departure from the King Power Stadium and arrival at Stamford Bridge proved pivotal in the fortunes of both clubs.
Leicester's star waned markedly enough for manager Claudio Ranieri -- who had steered the Foxes to unlikely glory -- to be sacked, while Chelsea, under the guidance of Antonio Conte, were transformed from also-rans to champions.
Of course Conte's football philosophy and template for playing the game had a huge part to play in the Blues' resurrection, but without Kante it might not have been quite so easy. The France international's contribution to Chelsea's cause was recognised by the Professional Footballers Association and Football Writers Association, who both named them player of the year. There have been plenty more awards for the 26-year-old, who looks primed for further success at the Bridge, where they can look forward now to their first taste of Champions League football.
To mount a credible challenge in Europe and defend their league title, Chelsea need top-drawer reinforcements of Kante's calibre, and there is one player being strongly linked with a move to SW6 who fits the bill perfectly -- Tiemoue Bakayoko of Monaco.
Defensive midfielder Bakayoko had a stellar season at the Stade Louis II as Monaco halted Paris Saint-Germain's four-year dominance of French football by winning the Ligue 1 title. Leonardo Jardim's side also surged to the semifinals of the Champions League, knocking out Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City en route. Bakayoko dominated midfield against Spurs and headed the decisive goal when Monaco beat Manchester City 3-1 to overturn a 5-3 first-leg deficit in the round of 16.
Like Kante, Bakayoko, 22, learned their trade playing with one of France's less fashionable teams, Rennes. A €7m move to Monaco in August 2014 promised much but initially didn't deliver, and it was only when former Chelsea defensive midfield legend Claude Makelele spent a year at the Monaco club as technical director that Bakayoko's career began to flourish.
A supreme hard-running athlete, Bakayoko has all the attributes required to make it in the Premier League. Their ability to read the game, be strong in the tackle, intercept and play the ball out with their feet would make them the perfect midfield foil for Kante at Chelsea, allowing their countryman the opportunity to roam forward more, something which worked well on the rare occasions Conte was able to structure their lineup to facilitate it.
Tiemoue Bakayoko, 22, seems to have all the attributes required to make it in the Premier League.
Last season, Nemanja Matic shaded the duel with Cesc Fabregas to partner Kante in Chelsea's midfield engine room, but it was clear that Conte wasn't totally convinced by either player's capabilities to fulfill the role in the way that Bakayoko could.
France's 1998 World Cup-winning defender Marcel Desailly, who also starred for Chelsea, joked last season on Twitter that 71 percent of the earth was covered by water, the rest by N'Golo Kante. Bakayoko has the same indefatigable qualities as Kante. As a duo, this midfield combination is utterly compelling and has a fantasy football aspect to it that won't be lost on Blues owner Roman Abramovich, who will already have their eyes trained once more on club football's greatest prize.
If Abramovich's cabal of advisers can get a deal for Bakayoko done early in the summer transfer window, it would enable Conte to get a full preseason with the player and hone their tactical plans for the forthcoming campaign.
The midfielder won't come cheap, but Chelsea won't be put off by a price tag likely to be in excess of €35 million. Manchester United have long been rumoured to be interested in signing Bakayoko, but manager Jose Mourinho could turn their attention to Matic, whom they brought back to Stamford Bridge in their second spell as manager, should they be thwarted in their attempt to sign the player. With academy graduate Nathaniel Chalobah growing in stature, the Serbia international could be viewed as surplus to requirements by Conte should Chelsea secure Bakayoko's services.
A move to Old Trafford for Matic would certainly raise some questions among Blues supporters about strengthening a rival squad, but these would soon be quelled when Bakayoko's qualities become fully apparent. Last summer Man United smashed the world transfer record to sign Paul Pogba, but it was Kante at €32m who proved to be the better value acquisition by far.
At €35m, Bakayoko could prove to be another shrewd piece of business by Chelsea as Abramovich's insatiable quest for silverware continues.
Mark Worrall is one of ESPN FC's Chelsea bloggers. You can follow them on Twitter: @gate17marco
Kawika Shoji #7 of the United States in action against Carlos Guerra #9 during the men's qualifying volleyball match between Mexico and the United States on Day 10 of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games at the Maracanazinho on August 15, 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Tyler Sander leapt high for timely blocks. They went low for a save at floor level to keep a winning point going. Then, they squatted way down to send another tough ball back over the net.
At last, the U.S. men's volleyball team is playing the very brand of volleyball the Americans knew they had in them to make a special run at the Olympics. It just took a few days longer than expected to get going and find a winning groove.
They reached the quarterfinals Monday after that slow start, victors in their third straight match to conclude pool play by dominating Mexico 25-23, 25-11, 25-19.
Sander's kill from the left side on match point sealed it.  They are one of several among the team's eight first-time Olympians to make vast improvements the past three matches.
Your browser does not support iframes.
"We all had to pick it up," Sander said. "Those first two matches, we weren't playing USA Volleyball. We weren't aggressive, we weren't giving our heart every single point. Our coaching staff did a good job holding us accountable. We had a couple team meetings. We all just sat and talked about what we needed to do to win. We talked about it, then we went and did it."
The 24-year-old Sander, who had struggled with an aggressive but inconsistent serve in the initial two contests, was stellar defensively for the fifth-ranked Americans. They also have been growing a mustache for the Olympics — not so much out of superstition but because their teammates won't allow them or Kawika Shoji, a Stanford University graduate, to shave the way things have turned around in Rio de Janeiro.
"We're going red polos and mustaches apparently," U.S. coach John Speraw joked of the facial hair and coaches' red shirts worn on match day.
Sander took it upon themselves to find ways to relax away from Maracanazinho arena. They have been swimming with teammates at the Navy School where the Americans train or watching other sports on TV to keep from feeling any added pressure.
"Him articulating that is really nice to see that they have that kind of awareness about where they were and what they needed to do in order to improve," Speraw said. "He's learning the challenges of the mental game when put under great duress and he's never experienced this before. For them to have experienced that, recognized it, learned what they needed to do in order to perform better and then come out and execute is a wonderful long-term lesson."
What a dramatic turnaround in a week's time for Sander and the young Americans, greeted by chants of "U-S-A!" when they entered for pregame warmups to face eliminated Mexico (0-5).
After losses to Canada and Italy to begin the tournament, the U.S. stunned host Brazil in four sets then topped France in another four-setter Saturday.
Reid Priddy, in their fourth Olympics, is relishing watching how far the kids have come in Rio.
"The enormity of the Olympic Games requires a 24-hour learning curve. We've been able to respond after those first two matches," the 38-year-old Priddy said. "In fact, I think it put us right in the mentality of where we need to be.
Video The World Records of the 2016 Rio Olympics
"We're almost more prepared now to face this quarterfinal match than we would have been had we swept 5-0."
Copyright Associated Press
In the first weeks of Donald Trump's presidency, sales for George Orwell's 1984 have risen through the roof, landing the 1949 classic atop the Amazon best-seller list. Other dystopian novels like The Handmaid's Tale, It Can't Happen Here, and Brave New World have also experienced a boost in sales and newfound popularity during the Trump administration. Though dystopian fiction can shed light on confusing political times, dozens of nonfiction books illuminate real-life stories of how authoritarian figures take power, from America to the Philippines. Here are some excellent nonfiction books to read during the Trump Era.
Homage to Catalonia, George Orwell
Orwell's journalism feels just as vital as their fiction in this day and age. Although somewhat forgotten by American history classes now, the Spanish Civil War (fought mostly between Francisco Franco's fascist forces, Communist revolutionaries, left-wing militia groups, and a few other factions) was an international phenomenon at the time. Thousands of people all over the world voluntarily came to Spain to help fight the fascists. Orwell was one of them, and their account of how various forces combined to tragically undermine the opposition to Franco remains a powerful lesson for anyone gaming out modern strategies for fighting the resurgent far-right.
Dark Money, Jane Mayer
Donald Trump may be the first billionaire president, but their road to the White House was paved by other billionaires. Jane Mayer's investigative reporting paints a picture of how the super-rich have used their wealth to bankroll the radical right and tilt the entire American political system in their favor.
The Origins of Totalitarianism and Eichmann in Jerusalem, Hannah Arendt
Like Orwell, Arendt witnessed the rise of ‘30s fascist regimes firsthand, and they too had some thoughts about it. The Origins of Totalitarianism are their analysis of how such governments come to power, and like 1984, it is newly resurgent on Amazon best-seller lists. Those looking for something shorter may prefer Eichmann in Jerusalem, their report on Nazi bureaucrat Adolf Eichmann's famous trial for their complicity in the Holocaust.
Hitler 1889-1936: Hubris and Hitler 1936-1945: Nemesis, Ian Kershaw
As Donald Trump's presidential campaign rolled on, it prompted more and more comparisons to authoritarian leaders of the past, including Adolf Hitler. Kershaw's two-volume biography provides an important portrait of Hitler and lays out how the many Nazi horrors emerged from one man's psychotic obsessions.
The Nazi Seizure of Power: The Experience of a Single Town, 1922-1945, William Sheridan Allen
The strangest thing about the Nazis, of course, is not just the exploits of Hitler themselves but how their radical fascist ideology became palatable to so many Germans in so short a time. In their analysis of one German town, William Sheridan Allen paints a haunting picture of how fascism can take root among the masses, and just how quickly a democracy can give way to dictatorship.
Dirty Wars, Jeremy Scahill
President Trump wasn't even in office a month before ordering a costly raid into Yemen that killed civilians and commandos alike. Jeremy Scahill's history of the War on Terror is essential to understanding how President Bush and President Obama built the national-security structures and drone assassination programs now at Trump's disposal.
What's the Matter With Kansas?, Thomas Frank
Most mainstream political commentators had expected Hillary Clinton to win the presidential election, based on the idea that the so-called “blue wall” of Midwestern states like Wisconsin and Michigan would continue to vote Democratic as they had in the past. When those states flipped for Trump, it was a decisive game-changer. Thomas Frank's 2005 book about their home state of Kansas tackles the question of how states with radical political histories have recently become new bedrocks of red-state conservatism.
Andres Torres has had a couple Feature Matches this weekend, and thus far each has showcased just how good they are with Performapal Pendulums. However, due to an unfortunate Deck List error they are without a Performapal Monkeyboard, a key combo piece to the Performapal engine. This hasn't stopped Torres yet though, as they have managed to Duel through all of this and still make it to the finals. Their opponent is Christopher Brown, another Performapal Pendulum pilot who has also shown quite a bit of mastery given that they have here. Only one can truly be the Master of Pendulum and take home all of the marbles, so who will it be?
Torres won the roll and chose to go first.
Duel One:
Torres opened a hand of Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord, Performapal Secondonkey, Treacherous Trap Hole, and two copies of Wavering Eyes. They Set all of their back row and activated Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord before they ended their turn.
Brown drew and Normal Summoned Guiding Ariadne to make a direct attack. They Set three to their back row and ended theirs turn.
Torres drew Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer. They Set the Performapal Secondonkey and passed it back.
Brown Normal Summoned Performapal Skullcrobat Joker opting not to use its effect to try to play around Solemn Strike, but lost both of their Monsters to Treacherous Trap Hole. They pressed forward with Draco Face-Off for Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord and Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer, Special Summoning the Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord ant putting Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord into their Extra Deck. They declared an attack with Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord but couldn't beat over the DEF of Performapal Secondonkey.
Torres drew Upstart Goblin and immediately played it drawing Performapal Silver Claw. They Normal Summoned it but lost out to Brown's Chaos Trap Hole.
Brown drew and made no actions.
Torres drew Wavering Eyes. They placed Performapal Secondonkey in their Pendulum Zone and then played the Wavering Eyes they had just drawn to add Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer, most likely because they did not have Performapal Monkeyboard. They Normal Summoned it but Brown responded with another Chaos Trap Hole to banish it. Without any other options, Torres ended.
Brown Normal Summoned Performapal Secondonkey and overlayed it with Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord for Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer. They used its effect to shuffle away the Performapal Secondonkey, then made a direct attack before ending.
Torres drew Guiding Ariadne and placed it in their Pendulum Zone before ending their turn.
Brown drew and made an attack with Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer. They Set a back row and ended theirs turn.
Torres drew Performapal Secondonkey and Set it.
Brown drew and declared an attack, not being able to destroy Performapal Secondonkey. They Set a Monster and ended theirs turn.
Torres drew Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer! They placed it on their Pendulum Zone and used it to destroy Guiding Ariadne, adding another copy and then triggering the fallen one. They revealed two copies of Solemn Strike and Solemn Warning, prompting Brown to give them Solemn Strike. They played the fresh copy of Guiding Ariadne on the other side of their Pendulum Scale, and then Pendulum Summoned Guiding Ariadne and Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer but lost out to Brown's Solemn Strike. They triggered Guiding Ariadne and revealed two more copies of Solemn Strike along with Solemn Warning, prompting Brown to give them Solemn Strike once again. They Set both and ended theirs turn.
Brown drew and placed Performapal Guitartle in their Pendulum Zone and then Performapal Lizardraw. When they tried to trigger Performapal Guitartle, Torres responded with Wavering Eyes. Brown had a Wavering Eyes of their own but Torres had a second copy! Torres banished Brown's Set Upstart Goblin and added Performapal Skullcrobat Joker to their hand as well as dealt 500 damage. Completely blown out, Brown was forced to end.
Torres drew Performapal Lizardraw and Normal Summoned Performapal Skullcrobat Joker to add Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer to their hand. They activated Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer and Performapal Lizardraw in their Pendulum Zones, then Pendulum Summoned Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer, Guiding Ariadne, and Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord. They Synchro Summoned Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer using Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer and Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord, then used its effect to Special Summon Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer from their Deck. They activated the effect of Performapal Lizardraw to draw Archfiend Eccentrick, then overlayed Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer and Guiding Ariadne for Majester Paladin, the Ascending Dracoslayer. They activated its effect to Special Summon Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer so they could Synchro Summon another copy of Ignister Prominence, the Blasting Dracoslayer to end the Duel!
Poor hands on both side of the table ultimately tilt in Torres's favor as Wavering Eyes seals the deal. However, there was a key instance where Torres not having access to Performapal Monkeyboard almost lost them the Duel. Can they manage to keep Dueling through this disadvantage?
Duel Two:
Torres had a hand of Performapal Silver Claw, Performapal Guitartle, Mystical Space Typhoon, and two copies of Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer. They placed Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer and Performapal Silver Claw as Pendulum Scales, then Pendulum Summoned their Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer from hand. They tried to activate its effect but lost it to Brown's Effect Veiler. They Set Mystical Space Typhoon and ended theirs turn.
Brown drew and activated Mystical Space Typhoon, prompting Torres to Chain their Set copy onto their own Performapal Silver Claw in order to not get blown out by Wavering Eyes. Brown then activated Performapal Guitartle and Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer as Pendulum Scales, opting not to use the effect of Performapal Guitartle, and Normal Summoned Performapal Secondonkey to activate its effect. They added Performapal Silver Claw to their hand, then Pendulum Summoned it along with Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord. The Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer triggered to pump all of their Monsters, and after three attacks and Torres's Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer being destroyed, only 2250 Life Points remained for Torres. They overlayed Vector Pendulum, the Dracoverlord and Performapal Secondonkey for Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer, then used its effect to shuffle away Torres's Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer.
Torres drew Magical Abductor and placed it in their Pendulum Zone, then activated Performapal Guitartle and got a Spell Counter. They Pendulum Summoned for Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer and Performapal Silver Claw, activating the effect of Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer to destroy their Magical Abductor so they could add Performapal Skullcrobat Joker. They Normal Summoned the Performapal Skullcrobat Joker and used it to add Performapal Lizardraw to their hand, which they then played to trigger Performapal Guitartle and draw Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer. Next, they destroyed their Performapal Lizardraw to draw Raigeki! They slammed it down and made direct atatacks with their own three Pendulums, leaving Brown with 2000 Life Points. In Main Phase 2, Torres overlayed Performapal Skullcrobat Joker and Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer for Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer and used it to spin back Brown's Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer. They then played Master Pendulum, the Dracoslayer and used it to destroy Brown's Performapal Guitartle.
Brown needed to draw Performapal Skullcrobat Joker, Performapal Monkeyboard, or Wavering Eyes to survive…and they didn't! Brown extended the handshake!
Even without Performapal Monkeyboard, Andres Torres gives an expert lesson on how powerful Performapal Pendulums is alongside a skilled pilot and takes down Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series Houston!
The assassinations of Martin Luther King, Jr., and Robert F. Kennedy led directly to the passage of a historic law, the Gun Control Act of 1968. Does that change your view of the assassinations? Should we be grateful for the deaths of these two men?
Of course not. That's lunatic logic. But the same reasoning is now being applied to the actions of Edward Snowden. Yes, the thinking goes, Snowden may have violated the law, but the outcome has been so worthwhile. According to Glenn Greenwald, the journalist who was one of the primary vehicles for Snowden's disclosures, Snowden “is very pleased with the debate that is arising in many countries around the world on Internet privacy and U.S. spying. It is exactly the debate they wanted to inform.”
In this debate, Snowden themselves says, those who followed the law were nothing better than Nazis: “I believe in the principle declared at Nuremberg, in 1945: ‘Individuals have international duties which transcend the national obligations of obedience. Therefore individual citizens have the duty to violate domestic laws to prevent crimes against peace and humanity from occurring.' ”
To be sure, Snowden has prompted an international discussion about surveillance, but it's worthwhile to note that this debate is no academic exercise. It has real costs. Consider just a few.
What if Snowden's wrong? What if there is no pervasive illegality in the National Security Agency's surveillance programs?
Indeed, for all the excitement generated by Snowden's disclosures, there is no proof of any systemic, deliberate violations of law. Based on the ruling in a 1979 Supreme Court case, Smith v. Maryland, it is well established that individuals do not have an expectation of privacy in the phone numbers they call. This is not entirely surprising; we all know that we're already sharing that information with the phone company. In the same way, it's long established that the government has great latitude in intercepting communications between the United States and other countries. It's true, too, that while the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court is largely toothless, it has, on occasion, rejected some N.S.A. procedures, and the agency has made adjustments in response. That is not the act of an entirely lawless agency.
It is true that, as the Washington Post's Barton Gellman recently reported, the N.S.A. sometimes went beyond its authority. According to Gellman, the agency privately admits to two thousand seven hundred and seventy-six incidents of unauthorized collection of data within a twelve-month period. This is bad—but it's not clear how bad. If it's that many incidents out of a total of, say, three thousand initiatives, then it's very bad. But if—as is far more likely—it's two thousand seven hundred and seventy-six incidents out of many millions, then the errors are less serious. There should be no mistakes, of course. But government surveillance, like any human activity, is going to have errors, and it's far from clear, at this point, that the N.S.A.'s errors amounted to a major violation of law or an invasion of privacy.
What are the actual dollar costs of Snowden's disclosures?
The United States, like any great power, is always going to have an intelligence operation, and some electronic surveillance is obligatory in the modern world. But, because of Snowden's disclosures, the government will almost certainly have to spend billions of dollars, and thousands of people will have to spend thousands of hours, reworking our procedures. This is all because a thirty-year-old self-appointed arbiter of propriety decided to break the law and disclose what they had sworn to protect. That judgment—in my view—was not Snowden's to make. And it is simply grotesque that Snowden compares these thousands of government workers—all doing their jobs to protect the United States—to the Nazi war criminals at Nuremberg.
What did China and Russia learn about American surveillance operations from Snowden—and what will they do with this information?
As part of Snowden's flight from American justice, they went to two of the most repressive and technologically sophisticated countries on earth. (Hong Kong is, of course, part of China.) In an interview with Greenwald, Snowden said that the authorities in those countries behaved like perfect gentlemen.
“I never gave any information to either government, and they never took anything from my laptops,” Snowden said.
Oh, really? Are they serious? Should anyone believe a word of this? China and Russia spend billions of dollars conducting counterintelligence against the United States. An American citizen walks into their countries bearing the keys to our most secret programs, and both—both!—China and Russia decline to take even a peek. That is a preposterous proposition. Even assuming that Snowden believes they had control of their computers 24/7 (he never slept?), there is simply no way that China and Russia would pass up that kind of bounty.
There is obviously some legitimate debate to be had about the extent and the legality of American surveillance operations. But there is no doubt about the nature of China and Russia. Snowden's pious invocation of the Nuremberg trials will probably be small comfort to the dissidents and the political prisoners whose cell doors may be locked a little tighter today because of what these authoritarian governments may have learned from their hard drive.
Photograph: Maxim Shemetov/Reuters
Donald Trump , asked in the debate on Wednesday about the multiple women who have accused them in the last week of unwanted sexual advances and inappropriate touching, dismissed such allegations as “all fiction” and said their stories have “largely been debunked.”
But while the Trump campaign has offered some rebuttals to a few of the allegations, the allegations — some of which center on events that occurred decades ago — have hardly been settled.
The women's stories came in the wake of a leaked recording from 2005 in which Trump, then starring on NBC's “The Apprentice,” boasted about groping women. They apologized for those comments, labeling them “locker-room talk,” but said in the second presidential debate they never acted in such a manner.
Days after the second debate, Trump was hit with accusations that they did behave in ways that mirrored their remarks. The GOP presidential nominee has denied all the allegations, asserting that their accusers were seeking fame and that the news media, colluding with Hillary Clinton's campaign, was unduly publicizing their accounts.
Here's a look at the accusations Trump has faced.
Groping on an airplane
Jessica Leeds, a 74-year-old from Manhattan, told the New York Times that Trump groped them without consent when the two were seated next to each other in first class on an airplane in the early 1980s.
“He was like an octopus,” Leeds said. “His hands were everywhere.”
Leeds recounted the incident to friends and family, including their son and nephew, in the last year as Trump's presidential campaign began to take off. They decided to go public with their story after Trump denied such actions in the presidential debate.
Trump strongly denied the accusation, and their lawyer called on the New York Times to retract the story, which the newspaper refused to do. Trump has threatened to sue the paper for libel, but so far no lawsuit has been filed.
The GOP presidential nominee has since mocked Leeds' story on the stump. They implied last week they did not find Leeds attractive enough to make moves on them
“Believe me, they would not be my first choice. That I can tell you,” they said at a rally in Greensboro, N.C.
The Trump campaign has also put forth a witness who said they were on the flight in question and saw no inappropriate behavior. Anthony Gilberthorpe said it was Leeds, not Trump, who was acting flirtatiously.
Gilberthorpe said they had no evidence to back up their claim. They themselves is no stranger to salacious news stories. In 2014, they claimed that as a 17-year-old, they found underage boys to participate in sex parties with high-ranking British politicians.
An encounter with a People magazine writer
Natasha Stoynoff, a staff writer for People, covered Trump for the magazine in the early 2000s. In 2005, they went to Trump's Florida estate, Mar-a-Lago, to interview Trump and their wife, Melania .
In an article written last week, Stoynoff said that while they were touring the property, Trump pushed them against a wall and forcibly kissed them
Trump disputed their story, telling supporters at a rally last week, "the area was a public area, people all over the place."
"Look at them Look at their words," Trump said, encouraging the audience to evaluate their believability. "You tell me. I don't think so."
Melania Trump demanded a partial retraction of the story, saying that an interaction Stoynoff claimed to have with them after the incident never occurred.
On Tuesday, People published a story in which six friends and colleagues of Stoynoff corroborated the writer's account, including a friend who said they were present for the interaction with Melania Trump.
‘Apprentice' accusations
Summer Zervos, a former contestant on Trump's hit reality show, said Trump repeatedly tried to kiss and grope them in a hotel bungalow in 2007.
Before going public with the accusation last week, Zervos said they were typically complimentary of Trump when asked about them during their presidential run. But they said they had felt internally anguished and had tried to contact Trump via email earlier this spring.
Trump said they never met them at a hotel or made inappropriate contact. Their campaign issued a statement by John Barry, Zervos' cousin, who said they had “nothing but glowing things to say” about Trump and accused their cousin of seeking the spotlight.
Zervos' attorney, Gloria Allred, responded with a witness, Ann Russo, who said they recalled Zervos, their friend, discussing the encounter long before Trump's presidential run.
More allegations of unwanted kisses and gropes
Several other women have come forward with their own accounts of unwanted sexual advances from Trump.
Rachel Crooks said Trump kissed them without their consent in 2005. Temple Taggart, a contestant in Miss USA , a beauty pageant Trump owned, asserted that they kissed them on the mouth as a greeting. Another woman, Kristin Anderson, said Trump groped them under their skirt at a nightclub in the early 1990s.
Two other women have accused Trump of making unwanted advances at Mar-a-Lago. Jill Harth, who was then trying to cement a business deal with Trump, said they cornered and groped them in 1997. Cathy Heller said Trump forcibly tried to kiss them at a Mother's Day brunch at the estate that same year.
Trump or a spokesperson for the campaign has denied all of these accusations.
Unannounced dressing-room visits
A number of contestants of the Miss USA and Miss Teen USA pageants have said that Trump would walk into their dressing area without warning when they owned the pageant.
Tasha Dixon, who was Miss Arizona in 2001, said Trump had a habit of “waltzing in” to their dressing room while contestants were partially undressed. Mariah Billado, a former Miss Teen Vermont, said contestants would hurry to cover themselves up when Trump would enter the changing room during the 1997 Miss Teen USA pageant.
Other contestants in the teen pageant contacted by BuzzFeed said they did not recall Trump being in the dressing area.
Trump themselves described similar behavior when appearing on Howard Stern's radio show in 2005.
Trump, who also owned the Miss Universe franchise, told Stern they would “go backstage and everyone's getting dressed, and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere, and I'm allowed to go in because I'm the owner of the pageant and therefore I'm inspecting it."
In response to the allegation that Trump would enter contestants' dressing room in the teen beauty pageant, the campaign said the accusations “have no merit and have already been disproven by many other individuals who were present.”
ALSO
More women accuse Trump: 'You do not have a right to treat women as sexual objects just because you are a star'
Michelle Obama delivers what may be a defining moment in the presidential campaign
Some of the times in the past 24 hours that Donald Trump has publicly insulted a woman's looks
A man in their 40s who was a student at a local parachute school has died after a skydiving accident north of Toronto on Sunday afternoon.
The accident happened at around 4:30 p.m. this afternoon when the victim fell in "close proximity" to a fence line of a Petro Canada just west of Highway 48 in Baldwin, Ont., York Regional Police said.
Police said the man was conscious when they hit the ground and was talking to first responders before they began to fade in and out of consciousness.
The man was taken to Southlake Hospital in Newmarket, Ont., where they were later pronounced dead.
Police said the cause of the accident is still under investigation but it appears that the victim's parachute didn't deploy.
The man's next of kin has not yet been notified but police confirmed that they were a student at the nearby Parachute School of Toronto. The plane they jumped from took off from Baldwin Airport.
This article is about the leader of the Ray Charles Singers. For the rhythm and blues singer, see Ray Charles
Ray Charles (born Charles Raymond Offenberg; September 13, 1918 – April 6, 2015) was an American musician, singer, songwriter, vocal arranger and conductor who was best known as organizer and leader of the Ray Charles Singers who were featured on Perry Como's records and television shows for 35 years[1][2] and were also known for a series of 30 choral record albums produced in the 1950s and 1960s for the Essex, MGM, Decca and Command labels.[3]
As a vocalist, Charles, along with Julia Rinker Miller, sang the theme song to the television series Three's Company ("Come and Knock on Our Door").[4][5] As a songwriter, Charles was best known for the choral anthem "Fifty Nifty United States" in which they set the names of the states to music in alphabetical order. It was originally written for The Perry Como Show.[5]  They are also known for "Letters, We Get Letters",[6] also originally written for Como's show and later used on the Late Show with David Letterman.[6]
In their later years, they continued to serve as a musical consultant to television programs, most notably for 31 years on the Kennedy Center Honors. Charles was acknowledged as an authority on American popular music.[7]
Biography [ edit ]
At the age of 13, Charles Raymond "Chuck" Offenberg (as they were known then) won a contest to sing on the radio in Chicago. At 16, while still at Hyde Park High School, they had their own 15 minute radio program on WENR and won a vocal scholarship to the Chicago Musical College. After graduation, they attended Central YMCA College, where they met fellow future choral director Norman Luboff, who was to become a lifelong friend. In 1936, Offenberg joined the Federal Theater show O Say Can You Sing, sharing a dressing room with the young Buddy Rich. In 1942, Offenberg, with their wife, Bernice and son, Michael, came to New York City and they started getting work, singing on the radio for Lyn Murray, Ray Bloch and other choral directors.[7]
By 1944, they were doing 10 radio shows a week. In May 1944, Offenberg changed their name to Ray Charles. It would be 10 more years until the "other" Ray Charles changed their name from "Ray Charles Robinson" to Ray Charles.[8]
Close harmony was all the rage and Charles became the arranger and tenor for the Double Daters, a quartet featured on Million Dollar Band.[9]
Drafted into the Navy in 1944, Charles was assigned to Hunter College, where they created an entire new music library for the WAVE choruses and trained the "Singing Platoons", three choruses of 80 WAVES each, on six-week training cycles that sang on the radio, bond rallies and at local veterans hospitals. They also conducted the band on their two CBS weekly shows.
Discharged in 1946, Charles sang on New York radio ("Um Um Good" for Campbell's soups[10] among other gigs) and on many record dates. In 1947, they were the conductor for the Broadway hit Finian's Rainbow,[7] and conducted the original cast recording. Charles initially became associated with Perry Como in 1948 through their arrangements for the vocal group the Satisfiers. The group performed on Como's The Chesterfield Supper Club.[9][11] From 1949 to 1951, they were choral arranger-conductor on The Big Show, the last big radio variety show with Tallulah Bankhead and Meredith Willson.[12] Charles was also a soloist and sang in the choir on Manhattan Merry-Go-Round, Tuesday on Broadway, The Prudential Family Hour, The Celenese Hour, The Schafer Beer Program and The American Melody Hour, and they wrote the theme for Danny Kaye's 7-Up Radio Show.
Early television [ edit ]
Before its relocation to Los Angeles, Charles did some singing on the radio show, Your Hit Parade. In 1950, when the show returned to New York, they became the arranger and conductor of the Hit Paraders, the choral group on the show, first on radio and later when it went to television, for seven years.[7] Charles never got screen credit for their work as arranger and choral director of the Hit Paraders because the sponsor of Your Hit Parade was Lucky Strike and they were already getting a choral-director credit on The Perry Como Chesterfield Show. Lucky Strike and Chesterfield were competitors and Como's Chesterfield show aired three times a week on CBS.[11][13]
For the next 35 years the Ray Charles Singers became a fixture on the Perry Como television show. It was a busy time with television's top variety shows, records and commercial jingles.[9][11] In 1955, the 15-minute Perry Como Show moved back to NBC and became an hour-long program. It was here where they met the "other" Ray Charles. The Screen Actors Guild normally does not allow two members to have the same name, but Charles the performer was registered as Ray Robinson though they performed as Ray Charles. Charles the composer also wrote special material and did the choral work on Caesar's Hour with Sid Caesar, the successor to Your Show of Shows. In 1959, Charles produced the summer replacement for The Perry Como Show.[14] Allan Sherman ("Hello Muddah, Hello Fadduh"), a friend of Charles', was the head writer. Also on the staff was Andy Rooney. The stars were Tony Bennett (his first series), Teresa Brewer and the Four Lads.[citation needed]
The Ray Charles Singers [ edit ]
In June 1959, the Ray Charles Singers, a name bestowed on them by Perry Como, began recording a series of albums. Due to advances in recording technology, they were able to create a softer sound than had been heard before and this was the birth of what has been called "easy listening". Record producer Jack Hansen used some of the singers to provide backing vocals for Buddy Holly's last songs, which Holly had composed and recorded shortly before their death in February 1959. The singers' close harmonies behind Holly's lead vocals simulated the sound of Holly's hit records with the Crickets. Six songs resulted from the Hansen sessions, led by the 45-rpm single "Peggy Sue Got Married"/"Crying, Waiting, Hoping".[15]
On a cruise in 1964, Charles heard a Mexican song called "Cuando Calienta el Sol". They liked it, recorded it, under the English title "Love Me with All Your Heart", and their recording became a hit, riding to #3 on Billboard Magazine, #2 on Cashbox Magazine. This was followed by "Al Di La", also a very popular recording. The Ray Charles Singers were not one group of vocalists. They were different combinations of singers on records, tours and TV shows. What made them the Ray Charles Singers was the conducting and arranging of Ray Charles. They generally recorded with 20 singers (12 men and 8 women) and these vocalists appeared on Perry Como's television show. The Ray Charles Singers also were the voices behind many commercial jingles.[9]
Charles decided to produce a "live" performing group to send on the road with Perry Como. The group of 12 singers opened in Las Vegas at the International Hotel and also opened the show for Como at Harrah's in South Lake Tahoe.[11]
Charles wrote the music and lyrics for an album produced by the Continental Insurance Company for the New York World's Fair in 1964, titled Cinema '76. It was a companion piece to a 30-minute show about unsung heroes of the American Revolution.[16]
Films [ edit ]
Charles had also worked on film projects: Funny Lady and Racing With the Moon.[7]
West Coast television [ edit ]
After years working in television and writing hundreds of jingles, Charles started making trips to the West Coast to seek new employment opportunities. The television industry was changing and migrating to Los Angeles. After a couple of years commuting, in 1968 Charles and their family relocated to Los Angeles, where they produced a Bing Crosby special and worked on The Hollywood Palace.[8] By 1968, The Perry Como Show was doing specials, so Charles could continue working with Como while residing in California.[11] Then Charles wrote and arranged for two seasons of the Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour.[3][8] In 1971, they suggested to the other Ray Charles that they perform "America the Beautiful" when a guest on the Campbell show. Also that year Charles wrote special material for the first Julie Andrews TV special, with Andrews and Gene Kelly.[7]
Charles became the musical guru to Sha Na Na and guided that show through three seasons. Their son, Jonathan, and daughter, Wendy, also worked on the show with their father.[4][7][17] Charles, duetting with Julia Rinker, sang the title theme song for the long-running situation comedy Three's Company.
The Muppets and Kennedy Center [ edit ]
2013
Charles eventually went to London to help on The Muppet Show.[4] Writing special material for Carol Burnett and Brooke Shields, among others and working with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog, Charles shared an office with Jim Henson, whom Charles considered "a genius".
For thirty-two years, 1982 through 2014, Charles was the musical consultant of the Kennedy Center Honors[11] and for 14 years performed the same function for the "Fourth of July" and "Memorial Day" concerts on PBS.[7]
Ray Charles won two Emmy Awards for special musical material, music and lyrics for two comedy specials: The Funny Side of Marriage and The First Nine Months.[18] Their choral anthem, "Fifty Nifty United States", in which they set the names of the states to music in alphabetical order, is now a staple of school choirs.[5]
They self-deprecatingly billed themselves as "the other Ray Charles" in a humorous tribute to the blues singer with whom they worked on several occasions.[5][8]
For their 90th birthday, Ray gave a concert at the L.A. Jazz Bakery. With the help of female singer Lynn Roberts and an instrumental combo, Ray demonstrated their vocal longevity to a full house by singing their way through the songs of World War II.
Death [ edit ]
Charles died of cancer at the age of 96 on April 6, 2015, in Beverly Hills, California. They were survived by two sons, Michael (born 1941) and Jonathan (born 1946). Their wife Bernice (1916–2002) and daughter Wendy (1950–2004) predeceased him.[19][20]
Charles donated a collection of their personal papers, including their scripts and musical arrangements for the Kennedy Center Honors galas, to the Great American Songbook Foundation shortly before their death.
Awards [ edit ]
1970–71 Television Academy Award Lyrics and Special Material "The First Nine Months are the Hardest"
1971–72 Television Academy Award Lyrics and Special Material "The Funny Side of Marriage"
2004 Irwin Kostal Tribute Award from ASMAC.
2012 Honored as a Broadcasting Legend by the Pacific Pioneers.
2013 Foundation Life in Music Award from ASCAP.
Discography [ edit ]
Singles [ edit ]
Year Single Chart positions Hot 100 AC 1955 "Autumn Leaves" 55 - 1964 "Love Me With All Your Heart" 3 1 "Al-Di-La" 29 4 "Till the End of Time" 83 18 "One More Time" 32 7 1965 "This Is My Prayer" 72 15 "My Love, Forgive Me" 124 17 1966 "One of Those Songs" 134 13 "Promises" - 39 1967 "Step By Step" - 31 "Little By Little and Bit By Bit" 135 6 1968 "I Can See It Now" - 39 1970 "Move Me, O Wondrous Music" 99 26
Albums as the Ray Charles Singers [ edit ]
I Love Essex ESLP 103
Essex ESLP 103 Far Away Places Essex ESLP 110
Essex ESLP 110 Spring Is Here MGM E3162
MGM E3162 Winter Wonderland MGM 3387
MGM 3387 Sing A Song of Paris MGM E3484
MGM E3484 Here We Come A-Caroling MGM E3467
MGM E3467 Here's to My Lady MGM E3568
MGM E3568 Autumn Moods MGM SE4163
MGM SE4163 Summertime (Songs for a Lazy Afternoon) MGM E4164
Love and Marriage Decca DL8787
Decca DL8787 Sunrise Serenade Decca DL78835
Decca DL78835 In the Evening By the Moonlight Decca DL78874
Decca DL78874 We Gather Together Decca DL78940
Decca DL78940 Deep Night Decca DL78988
Decca DL78988 Something Wonderful Command RS 33 872 1961
Command RS 33 872 1961 Something Special for Young Lovers Command RS 866 SD
Command RS 866 SD Al-Di-La & Other Special Songs for Young Lovers Command RS 33–870 SD 1964
Command RS 33–870 SD 1964 Rome Revisited Command RS 839 SD
Command RS 839 SD Songs for Lonesome Lovers Command RS 839 SD
Command RS 839 SD Songs for Latin Lovers Command RS 886 SD 1965
Command RS 886 SD 1965 Paradise Islands Command SH-165
Command SH-165 Young Lovers on Broadway Command RS 890 SD 1965
Command RS 890 SD 1965 One of Those Songs Command RS 898 SD 1966
Command RS 898 SD 1966 What the World Needs Now is Love Command RS 903 SD
Command RS 903 SD A Special Something... Command RS 914 SD 1967
Command RS 914 SD 1967 At the Movies Command RS 921 SD 1968
Command RS 921 SD 1968 MacArthur Park Command RS SD-936 1969
Command RS SD-936 1969 Move Me, Oh Wondrous Music Command RS 949-5
Command RS 949-5 Take Me Along Command RS 526 SD
Command RS 526 SD Slices of Life Command 9425
Command 9425 Love Me With All Your Heart the command performance Varese Sarabande VSD-5626 (CD collection)
Varese Sarabande VSD-5626 (CD collection) 31 albums with Perry Como
Singles [ edit ]
Command-4049‍—‌Al-Di-La/Till The End Of Time‍—‌1964
Command-4090‍—‌Don't Cry-There's No Place Like Rome‍—‌1967
A shop selling bitcoin vouchers has opened on the edge of London's financial district. Called Azteco, the store allows customers to buy bitcoin with cash from an attendant.
Customers arrive, decide how much bitcoin they want to buy and hand the attendant cash. The attendant then prints out a voucher containing a code that can be redeemed at the Azteco website. A 3% commission is charged on each transaction. Conversion rates are taken from BitcoinCharts.com.
Azteco's founder, Akin Fernandez, said their service is designed to make buying bitcoin as simple as possible for the general public.
“Everyone already understands how to use a voucher to top a mobile phone. I wanted to create a model that makes it as easy as possible for people to get bitcoin. And this is exactly what this does.”
Fernandez said they had performed a “handful” of transactions since the shop opened its doors on 17th February, and that their customers so far have been people with some knowledge of bitcoin but who didn't previously hold the cryptocurrency.
“Mostly they come in to chat. Demand is very small at the moment, so I don't expect to have a line of people outside the shop,” they said.
Azteco's goals
The London shop is just the start of Azteco's plans, Fernandez said. They describe the Azteco business model as a “virtual ATM” for bitcoin. They plan to market the service to real-world merchants who want to add the ability to sell bitcoin vouchers to existing services.
Merchants would sign up with Azteco, pay a security deposit and split the commission with the firm. Azteco would supply merchants with bitcoin. Several companies are vying to install London's first bitcoin ATM, with one planned for Shoreditch, just minutes from Azteco's shop.
“This is a virtual ATM [business]. The difference is, if somebody wants to buy one of those ATMs, they have to fork out 2,000 euros. Here, they just have to pay a security deposit. So this could spread very rapidly.”
Fernandez said they wrote Azteco's software himself, and that their involvement in cryptocurrency dates back to the late 90s. They obtained their first bitcoin from Amir Taaki, a pioneering developer in the bitcoin space.
Azteco is run by Fernandez's company Irdialini Ltd, which is mainly engaged in publishing work like The Conet Project, an acclaimed series of recordings of mysterious shortwave-radio stations.
About the store
The Azteco shop is located at 19, New Goulston St, plying its trade in digital currencies next to the historic Petticoat Lane market, where traders have been hawking their wares for more than 250 years. A stone's throw away is the iconic ‘Gherkin' skyscraper, which houses insurance giant Swiss Re.
Fernandez's shop is sparsely furnished. The space contains just a desk, three fold-up chairs, a battered inkjet printer that produces the bitcoin vouchers and a titanium Apple Powerbook. Fernandez was browsing the latest story about their shop on the Daily Mail's webiste when CoinDesk visited.
“I've been getting a lot of action on Twitter now that the press has picked this up,” they said approvingly.
Azteco's neighbours are non-plussed about the new cryptocurrency arrival on the street. Next door at an computer and electronics parts wholesaler, questions about bitcoin and cryptocurrencies drew blank looks from staff.
A market trader who was packing up racks of clothing at the end of the trading day snorted when asked if they had ever heard about bitcoin:
“Digital money? I'm not interested. Are you going to give me some?”
Photos by Joon Ian Wong
Donald Trump's oft-stated but rarely expounded-on desire for some kind of major infrastructure legislation has always faced two major hurdles. One is the simple reality that in general, it is hard to get laws passed in the United States. The other is that it's long been clear that enacting a major infrastructure building law is not a high priority of the Republican Party leadership in Congress.
The way to get a big infrastructure bill done would have been for Trump to exercise their not-inconsiderable informal influence as president of the United States to try to make GOP leaders treat this as a priority. Tapping the Senate majority leader's wife to serve as their secretary of transportation seemed like a promising start to that effort, with the fact that Elaine Chao is very well-qualified for the job independently working as a nice bonus.
But there's been no evidence that the White House is making a big push for infrastructure, and there's certainly no evidence that congressional Republicans are pushing for it.
Mike Allen and Jonathan Swan of Axios have some spin suggesting this is a bank-shot master strategy:
The plan: Push off until next year any consideration of the massive infrastructure plan Trump wants to push for roads, airports and other big projects, giving Republican lawmakers more breathing room amid a crowd of issues that'll require massive effort, time and political capital. The politics: Republican strategists say that Democrats, who'll be reluctant to give Trump a win, will be in a jam as midterm elections close in: They'll be under huge pressure to support big projects that'll bring money and improvements to their districts. And blue-collar unions, including construction and building trades, can be expected to favor of the package, driving a wedge into the Democratic base.
As is often the case, it's a little unclear who is spinning whom here. But either way, this is nonsense. The way to enact an infrastructure bill is to make enacting an infrastructure bill a priority. When the White House says it will do something after it finishes overhauling the American health care system and subsequently overhauling the tax code, it is politely telling you it's not going to do it. Immigration reform activists got this kind of spin from the Obama White House in 2009, and they rightly regarded it as bad news for their cause.
The time for infrastructure is now
You can tell something is off with this strategy because the whole “politics” section acts as if the problem Trump needs to solve is how to find Democratic votes for an infrastructure bill. But that's not the problem! As Allen and Swan write, key Democratic interest groups would like a giant federal infrastructure spending package. Democrats spent years during the Obama administration trying to pass a giant federal infrastructure package. When Trump unexpectedly won the election, Nancy Pelosi started talking about how they would like to work with them on a giant federal infrastructure package. Chuck Schumer and their Senate colleagues have released a plan for a giant federal infrastructure package.
The problem is that Republicans don't want to do it.
What Republicans want to do is reduce taxes on the wealthy by repealing the Affordable Care Act and then pivot to a business tax reform package.
If they can get all that done — a big if — plus get through the basic legislative mechanics of lifting the debt ceiling, funding the government, filling judicial vacancies, etc., they might be willing to pivot to infrastructure. Except there are two problems. One is that whatever it is Republicans end up doing on taxes will likely exhaust their patience for increased budget deficits. The other is that the closer the GOP gets to Election Day, the less its leaders will want to give red-state Democrats an easy bipartisan bill to vote for.
A 2018 infrastructure package wouldn't drive a wedge between Claire McCaskill and the Democratic base. It would let McCaskill join hands with Donald Trump to do something that labor unions and other Democratic interest groups also like. It's win-win for her! So why would Senate Republicans want to give them a win?
WASHINGTON — President Trump made their first in-depth public comments about their decision to fire FBI Director James Comey in an interview with “NBC Nightly News” anchor Lester Holt on Thursday. In the conversation, Trump claimed they made the decision because Comey was a “grandstander” who left the FBI in “turmoil.” The president's comments contradicted their earlier statements, as well as assertions by White House staff and Vice President Mike Pence, that Comey was fired at the instigation of Justice Department officials for their mishandling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
Trump also repeated their claim that the FBI director assured them they are not being investigated.
“Look, he's a showboat. He's a grandstander,” Trump said of Comey, adding, “The FBI has been in turmoil. You know that. I know that. Everybody knows that. You take a look at the FBI a year ago, it was in virtual turmoil less than a year ago. It hasn't recovered from that.”
Trump sent Comey a letter relieving them of duty on Tuesday. In that letter, Trump suggested they decided to fire Comey after receiving recommendations from Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. White House staff and Pence said the decision followed Rosenstein's recommendation. But in their interview with Holt, Trump described the firing as “my decision” and said they were “going to fire regardless of recommendation.”
“I was going to fire Comey,” Trump said. “There's no good time to do it, by the way.”
Pressed on the apparent contradiction at Thursday's White House press briefing, principal White House deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Rosenstein's recommendation “solidified” Trump's determination to get rid of Comey.
A letter by Comey to congressional leaders just before the election, saying they were reopening the investigation into Clinton's handling of classified emails, is blamed by many Democrats for their loss. Trump and their allies praised Comey at the time.
Comey's firing has drawn criticism because the FBI is conducting an ongoing investigation into Russian interference in last year's presidential race and contacts between Moscow and Trump's campaign team.
According to the Washington Post, Rosenstein objected to the assertion that they initiated the conversation about firing Comey and even threatened to resign. Trump praised Rosenstein in the interview with Holt.
“He made a recommendation. He's highly respected, very good guy, very smart guy, and the Democrats like him, the Republicans like him,” Trump said of Rosenstein. “He made a recommendation, but regardless of recommendation, I was going to fire Comey.”
President Trump talks to NBC News anchor Lester Holt. (Screenshot: @NBCNews/Twitter) More
Trump's letter to Comey thanked the FBI director for “informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation.” During the interview with Holt, Trump stood by their claim that Comey assured them they aren't being investigated when they ate a meal together soon after Trump took office.
“I had dinner with him. They wanted to have dinner because they wanted to stay on. We had a very nice dinner at the White House very early on,” Trump said, later adding, “I think they asked for the dinner and they wanted to stay on as the FBI head. And I said, ‘We'll consider, we'll see what happens.' But we had a very nice dinner and, at that time, they told me, ‘You are not under investigation.' Which I knew anyway.”
Trump went on to describe other occasions when they claimed Comey assured them they were not being investigated. The president also cited other reasons they are confident they are not the target of any probe.
“First of all, when you're under investigation, you're given all sorts of documents and everything. I knew I wasn't under — and I heard it was stated at the committee, at some committee members level, that I wasn't,” Trump said. “Then, during a phone call they said it, and then during another phone call they said it. So they said it once at dinner and then they said it twice during phone calls.”
SYRIA - In the basement of a prison in northern Syria, men accused of being ISIS terrorists were led in one by one.
The guards holding them are part of a Kurdish group fighting against the Islamic extremists and don't want to be identified.
One of the prisoners was clearly terrified. They were asked why they were so frightened.
Suleiman Mohammed is accused of plotting to detonate a car bomb. CBS News
"Because I thought I was about to be beaten," said Suleiman Mohammed, who's accused of plotting to detonate a car bomb.
They deny it and so does Jaber Sabah Habash, their alleged accomplice.
But 15-year-old Kareem Mufleh freely admits that they fought with ISIS.
15-year-old Kareem Mufleh, left, is led out of their jail cell to speak with CBS correspondent Holly Williams. CBS News
"They captured my village and gave me a choice," they said. "Either join ISIS, or be beheaded."
ISIS has embarked on a reign of fear. Mufleh told us they were a witness to massacres when ISIS seized villages in Syria.
"I even saw them kill a woman because their wedding dress showed their neck and bare arms," Mufleh said.
They claim that ISIS gave them the anti-anxiety drug Zolam before they went in to battle.
"That drug makes you lose your mind," they said. "If they give you a suicide belt and tell you to blow yourself up, you'll do it."
They showed us their wounds -- caused, they said, by three bullets to their stomach.
The group now holding Mufleh captured them during a firefight nine months ago -- and also saved their lives.
The public face of ISIS is the masked gunmen who slaughter those that don't agree with their violent interpretation of Islam.
But behind that façade, is a frightened 15-year-old who says they were drugged, and forced to witness atrocities.
Generation Iron: Exclusive Tanning Video
Bodybuilding and movies have a pretty close relationship, thanks in large part to the classic documentary Pumping Iron, which took audiences behind the scenes of the 1975 Mr. Universe and Mr. Olympia competitions, and introduced the world to both Lou Ferrigno ("The Incredible Hulk") and Arnold Schwarzenegger (you know damn well who they are). So perhaps the new documentary Generation Iron will have the same affect on popular culture. Or perhaps it will simply do what it set out to do, and illuminate the world of bodybuilding competitions in the modern era. That would be just dandy too.
In this exclusive clip from Generation Iron, narrator Mickey Rourke (The Wrestler) helps explain why pasty guys don't win Mr. Olympia. So THAT's why Hercules always had a spray-on tan!
From the Press Release:
Starz Digital Media presents Director Vlad Yudin's critically-acclaimed documentary, GENERATION IRON, from the producer of the 1977 documentary Pumping Iron. GENERATION IRON takes an honest and in-depth look at the professional sport of bodybuilding today, giving audiences front-row access to the lives of the top seven bodybuilders as they fight to bring home the coveted Mr. Olympia title. Narrated by Academy Award®-nominee Mickey Rourke (The Wrestler), GENERATION IRON will be available on iTunes and other digital platforms on April 4th, On Demand on April 15th, and on DVD on May 13th.
Joe Neumaier of the New York Daily News wrote, “The oversized men who compete for the title of Mr. Olympia in this illuminating documentary are articulate and serious-minded, with some muscling through adversity to find a way to their dreams.”
This critically-acclaimed documentary follows seven larger-than-life competitors vying for glory in the 2012 Mr. Olympia, the ultimate bodybuilding contest that catapults its winners into fame and stardom. From the producer of the classic Pumping Iron and narrated by Academy Award®-nominee Mickey Rourke (The Wrestler), this true story of dedication, rivalry, victory, defeat, and triumph follows an array of magnificent bodybuilders as they prepare for, then participate in, the Olympia showdown in Las Vegas. These athletes include 2011 Mr. Olympia-winner Phil Heath, Brooklyn underdog Kai Greene, Texas maverick Branch Warren, Japanese expatriate Hidetada Yamagishi, Germany's Dennis Wolf, Curacao-born Roelly Winklaar, and the forward-thinking Ben Pakulski. Featuring Lou Ferrigno (TV's “The Incredible Hulk”), Michael Jai White (The Dark Knight, Fast & Furious 7), and more.
Digital download bonus footage includes an interview with Lou Ferrigno, as well as a Making-Of featurette.
Amazon is going to start shipping TV sets powered by the company's own smart TV operating system soon: The company began listing Element's Fire TV Edition TV sets for pre-order Tuesday, and is expected to start shipping them next month, when the devices will also reach other retailers.
Amazon and Element as well as Westinghouse first announced Fire TV-based TV sets at CES in Las Vegas earlier this year. Now, the companies shared a number of additional details, including pricing. Element's 43-inch Fire TV Edition will retail for $449. A 50-inch model and a 55-inch model will cost $549 and $649, respectively, and a $65-inch model will retail for $899.
Each of these devices support 4K video, and pack a quad-core processor, 3GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage for apps – beefed-up specs that won't just guarantee smooth app performance and streaming, according to Amazon's VP of Smart TVs Sandeep Gupta, but are also meant to future-proof the device. “It will have a longer life cycle than a regular smart TV,” they told Variety during a recent interview.
The interface of the TV is virtually identical to that of a Fire TV box or stick, save for a few differences. There are extra tiles that let users switch their input devices to access game consoles, Blu-ray players and cable boxes.
Related Neil Gaiman on ‘Good Omens' Series and Honoring Terry Pratchett's Legacy Rainn Wilson Joins Amazon Series 'Utopia'
Fire TV sets also directly integrate over-the-air broadcast TV, giving users a 15-day programming guide and universal search across content airing on broadcast networks like ABC, CBS and NBC. This also makes it possible to switch to live programming simply by giving Alexa voice commands, thanks to the voice remote that comes with every model.
Right now, all of this only works with over-the-air television, but Gupta said that the ultimate goal was to integrate with streaming TV providers like Sling TV and PlayStation Vue as well – and take away the need to ever use a cable box again. To drive that point home, Amazon is going to add a free over-the-air antenna to every pre-ordered TV.
“We see Fire TV Edition as a true cord cutter solution,” Gupta said.
If anyone is qualified to experiment with the saison style, it would be Allagash, who already has a great track record of brewing Belgian styles. For their ‘Interlude', they ferment the ale with Brettanomyces yeast and age the results in red wine barrels. The finished product is a beer that doesn't cling too tightly to the saison's stylistic trappings, but nonetheless stays true to its ‘farmhouse' aesthetic roots.
– – –
‘INTERLUDE' – ALLAGASH – Saison aged in red wine barrels – 9.50% ABV (Eye Choir's Top Choice)
Appearance: Poured a tawny moderate orange with bright copper highlights and a one-finger, off-white head. There is a little haziness, though the mild to moderate carbonation is still easily visible. 5/5
Smell: Bold pear and red delicious apple in the opening, along with sour cherries and hints of stone fruits. This is supported by a somewhat milder aroma of red wine vinegar, based in a plummy Pinot Noir complete with a subtle oakiness. This new found acetic character blends with a wet-leaf barnyard funk. Gradually as the fruits relax, a little bit of spiciness comes in, along with a mild toasted bread malt. 4.5/5
Taste: Strong, vaguely tannic tartness brings out a strong vinous character which is a great compliment for the sour funkiness and showcases lots of depth within the juicy grape and cherry notes. A mild sweetness eventually shows through bringing a hay-like character to the yeast as well as a honeyed malt character, though as the beer dries, it transmutes into a stolid Nilla wafer. In its mildly to moderately bitter finish, a surprising burst of yeasty white pepper and clove accompanies a profoundly dry herbal hop. 5/5
Mouthfeel: Medium to light bodied, with a sharp biting carbonation that augments the tartness and heightens the dry, astringent quality of the mouthfeel. Some slight alcoholic heat in the finish blends nicely with the lingering spiciness. 5/5
Overall: Truly excellent, balancing the hallmark saison crisp and dry character with a bevy of unique and subtle flavors. 5/5
– – –
‘SWING SESSION SAISON' – VICTORY – Saison brewed with peppercorn and lemon zest – 4.5% ABV
Appearance: Poured a mild, light golden-yellow with a three-finger, off-white head. The body has only the faintest, fine haziness, but copious carbonation actually makes visibility difficult at first. 4/5
Smell: Aroma is quite strongly spicy, featuring peppery coriander and ginger, which blends interestingly with a surprisingly strong herbal hop character redolent of rosemary. Yeast character is not as prominent, but one can detect mild phenolic citrus as well as an afterthought of whole grain bread. Quite unique, but perhaps unusual for a saison, and ultimately a tad unbalanced. 3.5/5
Taste: Mild to moderate tartness brings the fruit character out a bit, showing off lemon, lime and green apple. Mild sweetness also highlights the doughy, lightly toasted malt, but the finish is ultimately dry and mildly to moderately bitter, with a slight spicy yeast mustiness. The spice and hops are definitely the stars of this beer, and though they are fairly complex, pleasant and pair with the milder yeast and malt flavors well, the balance is still just a bit too far towards them. 3.5/5
Mouthfeel: Light bodied, with a crisp, perhaps even slightly slick mouthfeel which along with the refreshing tart and surprisingly bitter flavors makes this beer easy to drink, and as intended, sessionable. No alcoholic heat to speak of. 4/5
Overall: Has a lot of interesting, even deep flavors, but it is weak in the ones which would normally substantiate the backbone of a saison. Despite a moderate lack of balance, it is still tasty and light enough for its intended purpose. 3.5/5
– – –
SAISON – ST. FEUILLIEN – Saison – 6.5% ABV
Appearance: Poured a pale-orange yellow with a one-finger, off-white head. There is a moderate amount of fine particulate haze, and though this doesn't impair visibility, virtually no carbonation is visible. 3.5/5
Smell: Fairly yeasty aroma, featuring primarily pungent black pepper and light funk along with some bubblegum and pear fruit notes. The light but detectable hop flavor is citric, herbaceous and even spicy in a way that links up quite well with the yeast. This is supported by a mild bready malts with a touch of honey. Very well-balanced and complex. 4.5/5
Taste: Begins with a surprisingly dominant moderate to light sweetness which really highlights the pastry character of the malt as well as some honeysuckle floral notes from the hops. A mild to moderate tartness helps produce lemon peel, though the fruit character is still overall somewhat subdued. The finish produces a mild bitterness which pairs interestingly with some remaining hay and pepper notes. Unique construction, though a little busy at times and perhaps a bit too sweet. 4/5
Mouthfeel: Medium to light body with even a slightly creamy mouthfeel that is balanced by mild to moderate carbonation. Very smooth, despite a hint of lasting piquancy from the yeast, though the heaviness of these attributes make it unexpectedly less sessionable than other saisons. 3.5/5
Overall: The way certain flavors are brought forth from the yeast and hops is certainly fascinating, though at times the balance could be better. Cutting back on the malt could make this beer significantly better, though the malt character itself is also fairly complex. 4/5
– – –
SAISON – STONE – Saison brewed with lemon zest, lemon thyme, and lavender – 6.00% ABV
Appearance: Poured a somewhat light tawny yellow-orange with bold brassy highlights and a two-finger, eggshell head. The body has a moderate haziness, but moderate carbonation can still be seen. 4/5
Smell: A strong herbal and floral palate is primary, with aromas of lavender, grassy thyme, and coriander. Some slight funky yeast notes offset this freshness with details of clove and a chalky soil. This meets up with a subtle fruit quality consisting of banana with traces of citrus. In the background, a subtle cereal grain malt supports things, with a toasted bread sort of bent. A little unctuous but certainly interesting and unique. 3.5/5
Taste: Mild sweetness supports the grain and bread malt, which in turn meets up with the banana to give a distinct banana bread flavor. A mild to moderate tartness quickly sets in though, bringing out notes of lemon and orange which segue nicely into the citric coriander. This leads into herb and lavender profile of the moderately bitter finish, where a slight spearmint flavor combines with the citrus to give the impression of a Ricola cough drop. Finally, some lingering earthy funk shines through. Fairly well-balanced for the complexity, with great dynamics. 4.5/5
Mouthfeel: Light to medium body, with a nice spritzy carbonation that builds up the citrus flavors and the mild dryness of the finish, along with a faint wisp of alcoholic heat. Quite appropriate for the flavor profile. 4/5
Overall: Although the aroma is a bit punchy, the citrus and minty herb profile does a good job integrating the lavender, a task not easily accomplished by other beers. 4/5
Advertisements
Mahmut Aygün, the Turkish immigrant who revolutionised German fast food with their tasty creation, died at age 87 this week after a serious illness.
Aygün came up with the now ubiquitous döner while working at the “City Imbiss” snack shop in West Berlin in 1971. Cutting meat off a huge rotating spit, they were inspired to put it in pita bread and dress it up with vegetables and yoghurt sauce. Selling for two marks, the döner quickly became a staple of German street food alongside Teutonic favourites such as the bratwurst.
Although Aygün went on to considerable culinary success in Berlin, they didn't make money from the thousands of kebab shops across Germany that copied them because they failed to patent their invention.
Still, they will be remembered by countless legions of döner kebab fans around the world.
“The news of their passing fills me with sadness, but I'm also overwhelmed by a sense of everlasting gratitude,” Andreas Tzortzis, a London-based editor and self-professed döner connoisseur, told The Local on Thursday.
Learning to love the meaty snack while living in Berlin for several years, Tzortzis – who has Greek roots – initially had to overcome their hesitation towards the Turkish treat.
“I actually stayed away from döner during my first two years there, but eventually realised my folly after ravishing my first one at three o'clock in the morning around the corner from my apartment in Prenzlauer Berg,” they said. “After that, the döner gave me comfort during both the deep dark of the Berlin winter nights and the lazy days of summer.”
But for Tzortzis, the divine sandwich created by Aygün almost forty years ago became much more than just good drunk food.
“There were even a few good döner places in Berlin you could enjoy while sober,” they told The Local.
cross-posted from Matslats
Neal Gorenfo of Shareable did a great job of introducing the upcoming platform cooperativism conference by explaining the rise of Death Star platforms and a counter-proposition that these platforms could or should be run as cooperatives.
I'm dubious about the way in which these horizontal platforms conceive of community. As Gorenfo said,
Platform coops may be able to create a deeper community experience than Death Stars, which routinely feign community ethos for profit.
This is because the 'community' in one of these horizontal platforms is a group oriented around one particular need. Surely the communities we want to be modelling and supporting with our solidarity architecture are local, meatworld, communities?
We should not take it for granted that Death Star platforms should be overcome with another kind of platform. This 'platforms' model of the internet was defined and developed by the monopolistic, centralised, money-hungry forces, so maybe we should be a bit more open to other ideas about the social web architecture we want?
I've been working on a platform for 7 years, but the idea that it had to take over the world never occurred to me. Local community groups want simple platforms that manage their identity and relationships and data in one place that they trust i.e. under local control, and to plug in globalised 'features' that enhance their community life but while giving them a degree of privacy.
Local hubs need to connect to global services through open APIs. Many global services like payments, transport and communication do tend towards monopolies and these need to be especially carefully governed.
I've been working on a platform for 7 years, but the idea that it had to take over the world never occurred to me.
Local platforms can then be built using any of several technologies to suit a range of cultural needs. My work is Drupal, but many comparable community platforms exist, like Odoo, WordPress, Joomla, which can be extended in many directions with open source modules. Most communities can find somebody to manage such platforms for them, and they can work together to pool resources. My organisation, Community Forge offers free hosting & support for 140 active communities, some of which donate back to pay expenses. That project became what it is without writing any invoices, incurring any risk or any debt.
These 'local' platforms also need to interoperate - ideally they would all be groups in one massive social network with locally controlled 'pods', as the diaspora project (an alternative to Facebook) has shown us, though it didn't reach critical mass.
I was particularly intrigued, in the article above, to read therefore about GNU social adding a 'module' called GNU BnB. I've been looking out for years for the right decentralised social networking platform which can be modularly extended to connect to web services. Could GNU social be the way forward?
We surely can't raise the kind of money needed to compete with Death Star capitalists. In a saner world, government would be showing interest in making such services public services - financed by the government, and run by the public for the public. Even without finance, we have huge resources in our passion and our desperation to forge a new politics using the devolved power that technology can give us. We are held back because too many of us are too engrossed in our own projects to go lend a hand where it is most needed.
Gorenfo also talked about incubating the templates and deep cooperation. Lets not forget, as we launch a new movement, that cooperatives have been around for 150 years; that existing local communities and grass roots movements like the Mutual Aid Network are struggling with a plethora of disjointed tools; other projects like the Global Ecovillage Network and Transition Towns are investing in highly customised platforms because they don't know what else to do.
Maybe as well as looking at the Death Star we want to destroy, we should be looking at the seeds of the economy we want to nurture. Isn't that the cooperative approach?
Go to the GEO front page
While we recently confirmed that Mercedes-Benz is planning to have an aftermarket CarPlay solution for older vehicles out by the end of the year, some of Apple's other partners aren't as confident. The two other companies that have so far announced the feature for new vehicles— Ferrari and Volvo— are both hinting that aftermarket CarPlay solutions are probably not happening anytime soon.
We reached out to Volvo about its aftermarket CarPlay strategy and the company told us there are “major roadblocks” to overcome before it commits to any plans for older vehicles:
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
We have not announced any plans for an aftermarket solution for Apple CarPlay. While I cannot reveal any potential future products, I can say that there are major roadblocks for this, both from a technical and from a usability point-of-view.
While Mercedes-Benz seemed pretty confident that it would be possible, and there are no clues that Apple is preventing it from happening, it sounds a lot like aftermarket solutions aren't a sure thing for all CarPlay partners.
Ferrari flat out confirmed that CarPlay will NOT come to its older vehicles in a statement to AppleToolbox today:
The new system CarPlay is available only on new range cars and cannot be installed on older ones. However, since we know that infotainment solutions are really important for our customers and also owners of older vehicles deserve the same care as all other customers, we developed an AfterMarket product aimed at offering last generation infotainment, completely compatible with most recent phones. This new product is already available for F430, 355 and 360 Modena, while in the next few months it will be offered also for 599, 612 Scaglietti and first versions of California.
What roadblocks could Volvo be referring to? When it comes to a usability point-of-view: The newer vehicles are being designed specifically around the CarPlay system. That means physical buttons and dials on the dash and steering wheel of new vehicles have been specifically customized to provide an easy-to-use experience with CarPlay. The touch displays being used are also specifically optimized for the experience. Due to this, an aftermarket solution is more involved and likely much more expensive than a traditional in-car infotainment system.
A Volvo representative we spoke to told us a little more about the difficulties with creating an aftermarket solution:
It is of course an area we understand there is a lot of interest in, and we have had many internal discussions on if/how we could bring this to market for existing cars. However, apart from the purely technical aspects, we are primarily concerned with the total, integrated user experience. Being a human-centric brand, we would only consider a solution if it is intuitive and easy-to-use
After Apple officially took the wraps off CarPlay, its new iOS feature that displays core iOS apps on in-car displays of select vehicles, only the three companies mentioned above announced when the feature would come to new vehicles. While iOS 7.1 officially flipped on the switch for the feature on the user end, Mercedes-Benz, Ferrari, and Volvo won't bring out new vehicles with the feature until sometime later this year. You can also expect an announcement soon from Toyota after the company briefly leaked plans yesterday to bring out the feature by 2015. Apple has previously confirmed other partners as well that have yet to announce availability, including: BMW, Ford, GM, Honda, Hyundai, Jaguar, Kia, Nissan, Subaru, and Suzuki.
Earlier this month Mercedes confirmed to us that it is planning an aftermarket solution by the end of the year but didn't provide any other detail on pricing or availability.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Former Bush Sec. of Defense Donald Rumsfeld wasn't content with disagreeing with President Obama's foreign policy. They felt the need to compare the first African American president to an ape.
Video of Rumsfeld on Fox News' On The Record With Greta Van Susteren:
http://youtu.be/rRHvza-dXB0
Transcript:
VAN SUSTEREN: Is there sort of a way out of this? We are having this problem now where there is going to be an election soon. I guess that's you know the best option for the United States, that the United States get someone that is friendlier? RUMSFELD: They were friendly. Our relationship with Karzai and with Afghanistan was absolutely first great in the Bush administration. It has gone down hill like a toboggan ever since the Obama administration came in. Now, take for example, the fact that we have status of forces agreement, probably with 100 — 125 countries in the world. This administration, the White House and the statement department have failed to get a status of forces agreement. A trained ape can get a status of forces agreement. It does not take a genius. And we have so mismanaged that relationship. And I think that they have tried to separate their harshness against the White House and the administration from the American people and the people that they appreciate that served in that country.
Rumsfeld, as you may recall, was part of the Bush administration's in-house axis of evil that championed the invasion of Iraq, the opening of GITMO, and torture.
Rumsfeld's comments went beyond disagreeing on policy. They went straight for the racist dehumanization of the current President Of The United States. Beyond being disrespectful to the presidency, Donald Rumsfeld insulted the man who is holding the office.
When people on the left discuss the unparalleled hatred that Barack Obama has faced as president, this is exactly the kind of thing that they are referring to. Rumsfeld wasn't content with just disagreeing with the president's foreign policy. They had to make it racial. They had to compare the country's first African American president to an ape.
What the former Bush administration officials can't stand is that this president whom they view with contempt as illegitimate has been more successful with their foreign policy than they were with eight years of cowboy diplomacy.
There is no greater argument for the failure of the neo-conservative Bush doctrine than the presidency of Barack Obama, but Donald Rumsfeld has shown that their hatred goes deeper than politics. Rumsfeld hates this president so much that they compared them to an animal.
The ugliness and disrespect for this president know no limits. Neo-con Donald Rumsfeld can champion torture and wars of choice, but they can't stomach the nation's first African-American president.
Employees within the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) are using encrypted messaging apps to conspire various ways of resisting acting director Mick Mulvaney's agenda, according to a Tuesday report.
The group calls itself “Dumbledore's Army,” a reference to a fictional secret cabal of young wizards in the children's fantasy series “Harry Potter,” The New York Times reported.
“An atmosphere of intense anxiety has taken hold,” employees said, according to TheNYT. “In some cases, conversations between staff that used to take place by phone or text now happen almost exclusively in person or through encrypted messaging apps.”
The Cause of Action Institute, a nonprofit devoted to “public advocacy and legal reform tools to ensure greater transparency in government, protect taxpayer interests and promote economic freedom,” has filed Freedom of Information Act request for records related to information about the use of encrypted messaging apps by CFPB employees.
“CoA Institute's FOIA seeks all records reflecting the number of CFPB devices on which encrypted messaging applications were installed, internal policy guidelines on the use of such apps, as well as the communications themselves and efforts by CFPB to recover and archive these messages,” the request reads. The FOIA also specifically requests all communications that contain the words “Dumbledore,” “Dumbledore's Army,” “Snape,” “Voldemort,” and “He-who-shall-not-be-named,” among other records.
Follow Joe on Twitter.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Though Israel's diplomatic situation has improved remarkably, there's been one glaring and nontrivial exception: Europe. Hence, it's encouraging to discover that even in Europe, patient, persistent diplomacy can bear fruit if it focuses on a few clear, consistent messages. Consider, for instance, the following recent events:
Two weeks ago, by an overwhelming vote of 112-2, the lower house of the Czech parliament passed a resolution which urged the Czech government to show “respect” for Jerusalem as Israel's capital and oppose any action by the European Union or other international organizations that “distorts historical facts” or is “imbued with the spirit of hatred of Israel.” The resolution slammed UNESCO, in particular, for its “biased and antagonistic approach” toward Israel, epitomized by its serial denial of Jewish ties to Jerusalem, and even demanded that the government withhold its UNESCO dues.
This doesn't mean the Czech embassy will be moving to Jerusalem anytime soon; Congress has been trying to move the U.S. embassy there since 1995 without success. Nor will other European countries swiftly follow suit; the Czech Republic has long been Israel's closest friend in Europe. Nevertheless, somebody had to be first, and this resolution is a stunning and unprecedented break with Europe's longstanding rejection of Jewish rights to Jerusalem.
That same week, the Berlin chapter of Germany's main center-left party, the Social Democrats, adopted a resolution condemning “the anti-Semitic BDS campaign” and “widespread anti-Zionist anti-Semitism.” This is noteworthy because young leftists are usually the West's most anti-Israel demographic, yet the resolution was sponsored by the party's youth wing (Angela Merkel's center-right Christian Democrats adopted a similar resolution last year).
The timing was also notable. It occurred one month after the Social Democrats' top politician, Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, visited Israel and ostentatiously chose to meet with Breaking the Silence, a group that fuels the BDS movement by promoting the canard that Israel perpetrates war crimes at anti-Israel events worldwide, rather than Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. In other words, the Berlin chapter and its youth wing implicitly rejected their leader's anti-Israel positions.
The following week, Norway condemned the Palestinian Authority for naming a women's center after a female terrorist who murdered 38 Israeli civilians. It also demanded a refund of the money Norway donated for the center and vowed not to sign any new agreements with the organizations behind the project until “satisfactory procedures are in place to ensure that nothing of this nature happens again,” in the words of Foreign Minister Borge Brende. This is noteworthy because Norway is one of the most anti-Israel countries in Europe, and has long lavished funding on the PA while turning a blind eye to its glorification of terrorism. Thus, for Oslo to suddenly say it's no longer prepared to let its money be used for this purpose is revolutionary.
A few days later, Denmark halted $8 million in funding for 24 nongovernmental organizations while it investigates whether the funds are going to support BDS, anti-Israel incitement or glorification of terror. “It is possible that in wake of the examination we will be forced to stop our support of a number of Palestinian organizations,” its Foreign Ministry said in a statement. “Until this examination is complete we won't sign any new grants for Palestinian organizations.” Like Norway, Denmark is a major Palestinian funder that has previously turned a blind eye to how its money is used.
All this was complemented by another notable development in the one non-European Western country that has consistently shared Europe's attitudes and policies toward Israel: New Zealand. Its foreign minister wrote to Netanyahu last month seeking to end a rupture that began in December when it co-sponsored a Security Council resolution against the settlements and Israel responded by bringing its ambassador home and keeping them there. Once, it was Israel that begged other countries to establish relations. Now, it's a beggar no longer; other countries–even Western ones–want good relations no less than Israel does.
Several factors contributed to these victories. One is the way Israeli NGOs are serving as force multipliers for Israeli diplomacy. The Norwegian and Danish funding decisions, for instance, would be inconceivable had two stellar organizations, Palestinian Media Watch and NGO Monitor, not been patiently been making the case for such moves in European capitals for years. Yet this also wouldn't have happened had official Israel not begun pushing the issue in talks with European governments, thereby depriving them of a perfect excuse for inaction. Europe will never be more pro-Israel than Israel's own government.
Second, Israel has finally developed the confidence to play hardball, as it did by downgrading ties with New Zealand and Senegal, another co-sponsor of Resolution 2334, last December. Ties with Senegal were restored this week after the Muslim-majority country promised to support Israel's bid for observer status at the African Union, which it had previously opposed. The New Zealand rupture is expected to end soon.
This confidence undoubtedly stems in part from Israel's growing diplomatic strength outside the West, as highlighted most recently by Netanyahu's address on Sunday to the summit of the Economic Community of Western African States. They were the first Israeli leader to address ECOWAS, which even moved the summit from Saturday to Sunday to accommodate him. The group invited them even though two of its 15 members have no diplomatic relations with Israel, and it pointedly preferred them to another nonmember guest: Morocco's king. The West African monarch announced they would skip the summit rather than attend alongside Netanyahu, but that gambit signally failed to result, as it once would have, in Israel being disinvited.
Above all, however, these successes stem from focusing consistently on simple, clear, easily digestible messages: Jews' longstanding ties to Jerusalem, the anti-Semitic nature of BDS, Palestinian incitement, and the way Europe enables it. For too long, Israeli diplomacy has tried to convey complex, nuanced messages while the Palestinians endlessly repeated simple sound bites (“end the occupation”). But when shades of gray compete against black and white in the arena of public opinion, the latter usually wins.
Israel's recent victories came from hammering home black-and-white messages of its own. And if it continues to do so, it can make further diplomatic gains, even in hostile Europe.
Svitlana Sangary was on with John and Ken. Listen to the interview here:
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A judge has recommended a six-month suspension for a Los Angeles attorney who posted doctored photos on their firm's website that show them with high-profile people such as President Obama, Hillary Clinton and George Clooney.
In an 18-page decision this month, Judge Donald Miles said Svitlana Sangary failed to remove the images after a State Bar warning that they were false advertising; disregarded the disciplinary process and responded to the charges with a 16-page soliloquy that had little or nothing to do with the case.
The California Supreme Court will decide on the recommendation.
In a rambling statement to The Associated Press, Sangary implied that the photos were genuine. The attorney says they were photographed with "talented and successful people" at charity and political events and provided a photo link.
Read more on Daily Mail
Just as Cydia is the dark mirror to the iOS App Store, Cydia will also be available on the Mac, according to Cydia developer Jay “Saurik” Freeman.
The announcement was made at last week's 360|MacDev conference late last week. The point of Cydia on the Mac is a bit more nebulous on the Mac, which does not require jailbreaking to install custom, unapproved software, but Freeman envisions Cydia for Mac as being an alternative to the Mac App Store allowing things like demos and in-app payments that the Mac App Store will lack at launch.
More to the point, while Cydia on the Mac may not be needed now, Freeman envisions a day when Apple's “draconian” policies in regards to censorship and API use begin to lock down OS X they same way they already have iOS. Providing developers a reliable, trustworthy outlet to distribute, promote and sell their software that isn't the Mac App Store (or can be used for distribution in combination with the Mac App Store) is a good thing for the health of the whole Mac ecosystem.
As for Cydia on iOS, it's still going strong: Freeman claims that almost 10 percent of all iOS users already use Cydia, averaging out to around 10 million devices at all. Imagine how big Cydia can get on a platform that doesn't require a jailbreak first.
“WE CAN'T restore our civilisation with somebody else's babies.” Steve King, a Republican member of congress from Iowa, could hardly have been clearer in their meaning in a tweet this week supporting Geert Wilders, a Dutch politician with anti-immigrant views. Across the rich world, those of a similar mind have been emboldened by a nativist turn in politics. Some do push back: plenty of Americans rallied against Donald Trump's plans to block refugees and migrants. Yet few rich-world politicians are willing to make the case for immigration that it deserves: it is a good thing and there should be much more of it.
Defenders of immigration often fight on nativist turf, citing data to respond to claims about migrants' damaging effects on wages or public services. Those data are indeed on migrants' side. Though some research suggests that native workers with skill levels similar to those of arriving migrants take a hit to their wages because of increased migration, most analyses find that they are not harmed, and that many eventually earn more as competition nudges them to specialise in more demanding occupations. But as a slogan, “The data say you're wrong” lacks punch. More important, this narrow focus misses immigration's biggest effects.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Appeal to self-interest is a more effective strategy. In countries with acute demographic challenges, migration is a solution to the challenges posed by ageing: immigrants' tax payments help fund native pensions; they can help ease a shortage of care workers. In Britain, for example, voters worry that foreigners compete with natives for the care of the National Health Service, but pay less attention to the migrants helping to staff the NHS. Recent research suggests that information campaigns in Japan which focused on these issues managed to raise public support for migration (albeit from very low levels).
Natives enjoy other benefits, too. As migrants to rich countries prosper and have children, they become better able to contribute to science, the arts and entrepreneurial activity. This is the Steve Jobs case for immigration: the child of a Muslim man from Syria might create a world-changing company in their new home.
Yet even this argument tiptoes around the most profound case for immigration. Among economists, there is near-universal acceptance that immigration generates huge benefits. Inconveniently, from a rhetorical perspective, most go to the migrants themselves. Workers who migrate from poor countries to rich ones typically earn vastly more than they could have in their country of origin. In a paper published in 2009, economists estimated the “place premium” a foreign worker could earn in America relative to the income of an identical worker in their native country. The figures are eye-popping. A Mexican worker can expect to earn more than 2.5 times their Mexican wage, in PPP-adjusted dollars, in America. The multiple for Haitian workers is over 10; for Yemenis it is 15 (see chart).
No matter how hard a Haitian worker labours, they cannot create around them the institutions, infrastructure and skilled population within which American workers do their jobs. By moving, they gain access to all that at a stroke, which massively boosts the value of their work, whether they are a software engineer or a plumber. Defenders of open borders reckon that restrictions on migration represent a “trillion dollar bills left on the pavement”: a missed opportunity to raise the output of hundreds of millions of people, and, in so doing, to boost their quality of life.
We shall come over; they shall be moved
On what grounds do immigration opponents justify obstructing this happy outcome? Some suppose it would be better for poor countries to become rich themselves. Perhaps so. But achieving rich-world incomes is the exception rather than the rule. The unusual rapid expansion of emerging economies over the past two decades is unlikely to be repeated. Growth in China and in global supply chains—the engines of the emerging-world miracle—is decelerating; so, too, is catch-up to American income levels (see chart). The falling cost of automating manufacturing work is also undermining the role of industry in development. The result is “premature deindustrialisation”, a phenomenon identified by Dani Rodrik, an economist, in which the role of industry in emerging markets peaks at progressively lower levels of income over time. However desirable economic development is, insisting upon it as the way forward traps billions in poverty.
An argument sometimes cited by critics of immigration is that migrants might taint their new homes with a residue of the culture of their countries of origin. If they come in great enough numbers, this argument runs, the accumulated toxins could undermine the institutions that make high incomes possible, leaving everyone worse off. Michael Anton, a national-security adviser to Donald Trump, for example, has warned that the culture of “third-world foreigners” is antithetical to the liberal, Western values that support high incomes and a high quality of life.
This argument, too, fails to convince. At times in history Catholics and Jews faced similar slurs, which in hindsight look simply absurd. Research published last year by Michael Clemens and Lant Pritchett of the Centre for Global Development, a think-tank, found that migration rules tend to be far more restrictive than is justified by worries about the “contagion” of low productivity.
So the theory amounts to an attempt to provide an economic basis for a cultural prejudice: what may be a natural human proclivity to feel more comfortable surrounded by people who look and talk the same, and to be disconcerted by rapid change and the unfamiliar. But like other human tendencies, this is vulnerable to principled campaigns for change. Americans and Europeans are not more deserving of high incomes than Ethiopians or Haitians. And the discomfort some feel at the strange dress or speech of a passer-by does not remotely justify trillions in economic losses foisted on the world's poorest people. No one should be timid about saying so, loud and clear.
Jennifer Cox said they lost their job as a result of morning sickness after deciding “honesty was the best policy” and telling their bosses they were expecting a child.
Mrs Cox, 33, had worked for the MoD police at the Atomic Weapons Establishment in Aldermaston, Berks, as its website manager in charge of updating information on the base's intranet.
The employment tribunal was told that they were part of an 800-job cull across the Ministry of Defence to cope with the recession. Mrs Cox disputed this, telling the panel, sitting in Reading, that they suffered sexual discrimination.
Within five weeks of the start of their part-time employment they told bosses they were pregnant and began taking time off due to morning sickness and attending antenatal appointments.
They said this delayed progress on the website's development but could not believe the reaction from Ray Cross, their line manager. “He just told me to stop going off sick,” they said. “I didn't want to be sick, I couldn't help it.
“The threatening and intimidating conversation left me leaving work feeling very miserable and low.”
They said this sickness should be seen as a discounted absence because it was pregnancy-related. Mrs Cox, who is claiming their unfair dismissal was due to sexual discrimination, told the tribunal panel that when they informed their superiors of their condition it led to their newly formed job becoming “at risk”.
“I had made the decision to notify
my line manager, thinking that honesty was the best policy, which I now regret,” they said.
Martin Downs, representing the MoD, said Mr Cross was not angry at them for missing work because of their sickness.
“This was not with focus on absence in mind,” said Mr Downs. “All Mr Cross was concerned about was the output on the intranet.”
Mrs Cox was asked by another manager to take their antenatal appointments in non-working hours, the hearing heard.
Mrs Cox's employment with the MoD ended on July 12, 2010. They had been employed on a six-month short-term casual contract for three days a week.
They said they were led to believe it would become permanent position.
However, that appeared to have changed several months later, the tribunal was told.
Mrs Cox added: “Mr Cross told me that if things didn't start to develop on the intranet soon they would have no option other than to end my contract and remind me that my contribution to the business was being evaluated while on a casual contract.”
Supt Paul McLaughlin, head of the performance standards department at the MoD's police and guarding agency, said Mrs Cox's dismissal was part of the severe cuts made during last year's recession.
The case was adjourned with a reserved conclusion from Judge Robin Lewis expected in the New Year.
Kirsten Dunst in All Good Things. Photo Courtesy of Magnolia Pictures.
If there's one word that's probably never been used to describe a Kirsten Dunst movie, it's “challenging.” Not that they haven't been in some entertaining films over the years. They were great as vampire jailbait in Interview With a Vampire, a cheerleader with strong opinions about racism in Bring It On, and an archduchess with a taste for 80s New Wave in Marie Antoinette. But even their finer cinematic moments have been less about Oscar buzz and more about Teen Choice Award buzz. Them most famous movie role, as Mary Jane Watson in Spider-Man and its two blockbuster sequels, nabbed them an MTV Movie Award for best kiss in 2002, and even the least snarky of critics had to concede that it might be the top of the accolades mountain for them
But everything you thought you knew about Kirsten Dunst might be about to change. After a two-year hiatus, the now 28-year-old Dunst is staging a comeback, and not of the signing-on-to-the-inevitable-Spider-Man-sequel variety. It started earlier this year, when they appeared in a bizarre art video for an exhibit at London's Tate Modern, in which Dunst wore a blue wig and Sailor Moon costume and danced through Tokyo's Akihabara shopping district to the tune of “I'm Turning Japanese,” for some reason. Opening nationwide tomorrow, they co-stars (alongside Ryan Gosling) in All Good Things, a feel-not-good romance and docu-drama, loosely based on the true story of New York real estate millionaire/drag queen Robert Durst and their disappearing wife. It's the perfect film for anyone who loved Elizabethtown but wished it had more emotional abuse and uxoricide. Dunst has also been working on two new film projects—On the Road, adapted from the Jack Kerouac novel that inspired thousands of useless poetry M.F.A.s, and Melancholia, from filmmaker Lars von Trier, whose last movie featured Willem Dafoe ejaculating blood. It's possible that Dunst is maturing as an artist, finally taking on roles that ask more of them than flashing their dimples and being adored by their male co-stars. Or maybe she's going through a stage, like all young adults do, forging an identity by pretending to be interested in beat poetry and art-house films. Regardless of whether they succeed, it's admirable that she's wandered so far outside their comfort zone. Even if their fanbase accepts their new “adult” direction, there isn't a Teen Choice Award for best dysphoric topless scene.
When I called Dunst to talk about All Good Things, it was like talking to any of their movie characters. The meter of their voice, the inflections—it was all intimately familiar. The only difference between Dunst the actor and their on-screen persona(s) was that when they laughed, they actually said the word “Ha,” like they were reading stage directions.
Eric Spitznagel: The first thing I heard about All Good Things is that there's a scene where you're doing cocaine in a bathroom with Kristen Wiig. A setup like that comes with certain expectations of hilarity. But it was profoundly unfunny.
Kirsten Dunst: Yeah. But it wasn't supposed to be funny.
Was that a missed opportunity? For such an otherwise gloomy movie, it would've been a great excuse for some wacky hijinks.
It's a pretty dark moment for my character. She's looking for anything to get their mind off of what they just did.
Were you at least having fun when the cameras weren't rolling?
We had more fun on other days. That was a day when I had to be pretty emotionally unhinged. So I wasn't really in the mood for hanging out and having fun. But Kristen is awesome. I love her, she's so hilarious. There's a scene where I visit a divorce lawyer and that was really funny. I was definitely cracking up with them in that scene.
Divorce lawyers always give me the giggles.
There were lots of times when we'd hang out in the trailer and laugh. We'd play pranks on Ryan Gosling all the time. We abducted their dog one day.
Yikes. You didn't kill it, did you?
No, no, no!
O.K. It's just... there's a scene in the movie where a dog gets butchered and dumped in a lake. Seems an odd time to kidnap a co-star's dog.
No, this was all in good fun. We dressed them up in high heels and funny hats. And then we sent all these funny pictures to Ryan on their cell phone, with these weird messages from their dog.
So the whole time I'm watching All Good Things, I'm convinced that Gosling is going to reveal at some point that he's the Green Goblin.
Ha ha!
And then I'm thinking, “Jesus, Kirsten Dunst is clearly in peril! Where the hell is Spider-Man?”
I think if I had come from that perspective, then I wouldn't have been as vulnerable. These two characters really were in love with each other. Obviously they knew they had to get out of that relationship.
Because they were married to a murderous douche?
Yeah, yeah. But by the time they realize that, they're so emotionally meshed. She's weakened by all the things that have happened to her—the abortion and the hard choices they had to make. But also, maybe their thought process was, “Maybe he's just not ready to be a father yet but we'll still have a baby down the line.” Or, “maybe I'll get divorced and have a baby with somebody else.”
Or, “maybe he's really Dr. Octopus and he'd make a lousy dad because of those stupid metal tentacles?”
They actually manage to be worse. By the end, even I'm ready to kill him. That's what I like about them Even though they were suffering, I didn't want to make them a victim.
You have a history in your movies of falling for bad boys. You've been romantically linked with Louis XVI, Trip Fontaine, and at least one pedophile vampire. Has dating jerks on film helped you make better decisions in your personal life?
(Laughs.) Oh god, that's funny. Luckily, I'm not in that position right now in my life. I know to go for the good dudes.
Can you offer any tips? How do you know if a guy you're involved with might be secretly plotting your homicide?
I think if your girlfriends don't like him, it's probably for a good reason. You're not picking up on something.
All Good Things is set in New York City during the 70s, when Times Square was all about peep booths and hookers. You were born in 1982, so you're probably too young to be sentimental about New York filth.
No, I hear what you're saying. I remember when I was younger, driving around New York with my Mom and going to auditions. I'd be like, “Mom drive us by the hookies!” And then we'd-
Wait, wait, slow down. The hookies?
Hookers. I called them hookies.
And these hookies were where exactly? On Sesame Street?
There was one street in the Meatpacking District where they all lined up. So I was definitely a part of the dangerous New York when I was younger. But now I feel like New York is so safe. I can walk down the street by myself. When I was younger, my mom was like, “Hold my hand!” It was always a little sketchy. But now Times Square is like Disneyland.
It's sad, don't you think? You have a better chance of catching an STD at Disneyland than Times Square.
Yeah, but things get gentrified. It's what happens.
You did a nude scene in All Good Things, and I think it's your first.
I was naked in Marie Antoinette, but that was just from behind.
The nudity in Marie Antoinette was cute by comparison. This was probably the saddest nude scene of all time. Why do it at all?
I don't know. I was comfortable with it and it just felt more vulnerable, you know? There's actually a very good reason for it. And the way we shot it went a lot further, but it ended up getting cut.
Further? Like how much further?
What happens is, I come into the shower with Ryan, and for my character, it's a smart ploy. They just found out that they got accepted to a medical college, and he's afraid he's losing them He's threatened by everything that's happening to them and they just had this weird moment when they jump into the water and gets their boat and writes their telephone number on it. What happened in the shower scene, they come in and we start making out, and I gesture that I'm going to go down on him. And then I do.
Wow. How Brown Bunny of you.
Well, it didn't go that far. (Laughs.) But the scene did get cut out. Not that we showed everything, but you saw what I was doing to him. I thought it really made sense. In their own way, she's being as manipulative as they are. She's trying to get what they want. They both are. That's what the scene was about for me. It's their gesture of coming into the shower and making them feel good, and in doing so, trying to get what they wanted. So I thought it was appropriate.
Well that blows my theory.
What was your theory?
I thought you went topless as a way of distracting everyone from the fact that Ryan Gosling is always taking off theirs shirt.
Ha! Does he? I haven't taken note.
The Notebook was like a shirtless tour de force. And I just saw Blue Valentine, which I'm pretty sure got an NC-17 just for the male nips.
(Laughs.) I don't think that's possible.
He's even shirtless in the Good Things poster!
That's true. But so am I.
Yeah, but it's not a recurring motif for you. Nobody says, “Oh look, Kirsten Dunst has a new movie. Can't wait for all that gratuitous nudity!”
Well, they can start. After this, I also have a nude scene in Melancholia. So they'll get used to seeing me naked. Trust me, they'll be over it by the next film.
Let's talk about Melancholia.Am I correct in thinking it's based on the Smashing Pumpkins album?
(Long pause.) What? No.
So it has nothing to do with infinite sadness or the year 1979?
(Laughs.) No, sorry. God, I've never heard that one.
Melancholia is directed by Lars von Trier. Are you familiar with their work?
Oh yeah, I've seen most of their films. I saw Breaking the Waves, Dogville, Dancer in the Dark.
You saw the last one? The one with Willem Dafoe?
I did, yeah.
So you... I'm not sure how to ask this. You are aware that they don't have a track record for being gentle to genitals?
(Laughs.) I am aware. And I read the script for Melancholia, so I knew what I was getting myself into.
You didn't need a rider in your contract? Something like, “No knives around my lady business?”
Wasn't necessary. But I appreciate your concern.
You've been out of the public eye for a few years. Your last movie was 2008's How to Lose Friends and Alienate People. Why'd you go all Brian Wilson on us?
Well, we made All Good Things two years ago, and it never got released for all kinds of reasons. If it'd come out a year-and-a-half ago, would I still have taken a break? I honestly don't know. I did take some time out, and I'm happy about it. I moved to New York and took a minute to just focus on myself. It was nice to slow down and not just jump into something. I could take a deep breath and really think about what I wanted to do next, and wait for a project that I was really passionate about.
You didn't quit making movies because people wouldn't stop stealing your purse?
(Laughs.) That's ridiculous. But it happened to me again! When I was in Montreal! I had my purse stolen in Montreal too!
Seriously? The last guy got four years. Don't people realize that snatching your purse is just gonna end up in an AMBER alert?
I know, right? And I really liked the second purse that got stolen. I liked it a lot more than the first purse. I guess I've learned my lesson. I should stick with wallets.
What else do you have coming out next year? You're in On The Road, right? You're playing Camille?
Yeah, that's right. We're still working on it.
Has that been frustrating? Kerouac didn't write memorable female characters. On The Road is mostly about dudes and the drugs that love them.
Well, I think Camille is pretty fascinating. She's based on Carolyn Cassady, Neal's wife, and their relationship is really complex. Neal grew up without a mother. I think they had two sides to him; they wanted the wild stuff, but also a wife and kids. I think there was a constant pull inside of him. They wanted to go out and do their thing but also wanted to be an upright man with a steady life.
But even the way you just explained it, it's all about Neal. Carolyn is just one of their options, not a fully fleshed-out human being.
That's true. The female characters kind of play supporting roles. I mean, obviously women drive men to a certain point. Their contributions are important. But the relationship between Jack and Neal is what really drives the book.
I heard that director Walter Salles sent the cast to a four-week “beatnik boot camp” in Montreal. Were you a part of that?
No, I didn't make it. I'm getting the condensed version. I've just tried to do as much studying as I can, watching videos online of Neal and Jack. I also saw that movie Heart Beat with Sissy Spacek and Nick Nolte. And then I have the book that Carolyn wrote. I feel like I have a lot of information to draw on.
If you want to do your own beatnik boot camp, just smoke some weed and write some crappy stream-of-consciousness poetry. You'll get the basic gist of it.
(Laughs.) Yeah, I guess so. That's the crib notes version.
Next Week's (Awkward) Question Time:
Juliette Lewis explains that Scientologists celebrate Christmas too, and their carols aren't all about Xenu.
However, the new antibody, designed in collaboration between the US National Institutes of Health and the pharmaceutical company Sanofi, attacks three key parts of the virus.
This makes it harder for the virus to resist the antibodies, according to a paper published in the journal, Science.
Prof Linda-Gail Bekker, the president of the International Aids Society, told the BBC: "This paper reports an exciting breakthrough.
"These super-engineered antibodies seem to go beyond the natural and could have more applications than we have imagined to date.
"It's early days yet, and as a scientist, I look forward to seeing the first trials get off the ground in 2018."
It is estimated that 36.7 million people across the world had HIV or AIDS at the end of 2015, the majority of whom were living in sub-Saharan Africa.
Solar-powered chicken coop Issue #132 • November/December, 2011
Pre-manufactured chicken coop with roof-mounted solar module
I am sure many of you have raised large flocks of chickens for years as a normal part of rural life. However, many suppliers of baby chicks today have reported their spring sales have doubled every year for the past five years, and the majority of these increased sales are going to urban homeowners who have never raised chickens before.
Distributors of chicken supplies and feeds are also reporting a significant increase in requests for training and educational materials related to raising chickens. Part of this recent interest appears to be associated with the increased demand for natural foods with no pesticides or hormone additives, while others just want to leave the city and live a simpler life.
Solar-powered electric door has just opened for the morning.
An LED light fixture requires very little battery power to illuminate the chicken coop interior.
Interior electric sliding door powered from solar-charged 12-volt battery
Sealed 12-volt battery, solar charge controller, and in-line fuse
Wiring Diagram
Sales of pre-manufactured and ready-to-use chicken coops have also dramatically increased. Unlike the large room-size chicken houses many of us may remember from visits to our grandparents' farm holding 50 or more chickens, the majority of these pre-manufactured coops are sized to house only four to twelve chickens. The primary difference between raising farm chickens and a few backyard chickens is many first timers still have regular nine-to-five jobs in the city and are constantly on the go in the evenings and on weekends.
Manufacturers of automated coop doors also offer models designed to operate on 12 volts DC, and there are numerous 12-volt light fixtures available from RV and boating suppliers. Since you will want to minimize cost, I suggest buying a 12-volt DC light fixture designed to use an LED-style lamp. Although more expensive than a standard light bulb, they will significantly reduce the cost of a larger solar module and battery which would be required to power a conventional light fixture.
I selected a surface-mounted LED fixture designed for interior boat lighting, and a sealed 12-volt battery typically sold as backup power for commercial fire alarms and computer UPS (uninterupted power supplies). Pick a solar charge controller designed to charge a sealed battery, since a standard solar charger has a higher voltage output that will over-charge and dry out a sealed battery. If you want to also automatically turn the light on and off, some solar charge controllers include a timer function that is triggered when the solar module senses sunset. This type of control can provide both dusk-to-dawn lighting control and timed-off hours of operation after sunset.
Although it takes some fine-tuning and a learning process for the chickens, ideally the light will turn on before dark and bring in the chickens before the door sensor decides to close the door for the night. I must admit that some of my chickens still have not gotten with the program and end up standing outside at the closed door half the night. I am not sure any automatic system will totally eliminate the need for some personal attention from time-to-time, just to make sure all the ladies are safely in for the night.
System electrical design
This design assumes all of the electrical devices you want to power will operate from a 12-volt DC battery. For this application you will need a solar module to mount on the roof, a sealed battery to locate in an unused interior corner, and a solar charge controller. Due to the low voltages and limited power required, most of this wiring will be in the #16 to #18 size range and can be easily stapled to the interior walls and ceilings of the coop. Just remember that chickens are curious and will peck at anything that looks interesting, so keep the wiring and electrical components out of reach when possible.
A solar module in the 10 to 20-watt range should meet most of your power needs, and will have a very low shock or fire hazard. However, even a small sealed battery can cause wires to glow red and start a fire if shorted out, so I strongly recommend including an automotive-style DC fuse between the battery “positive” and the rest of the electrical circuit. Finally, even the best automatic controls that operate motorized doors and lights can get out of sequence with the day/night cycle, so I suggest including a manual switch that you mount just inside the main door or you may find yourself crawling inside the coop when the automatic door gets stuck.
Conclusion
Raising chickens is no longer limited to 100-acre farms and commercial chicken growers, but as you bring chickens into more populated areas and on smaller tracts of land be sure to consider your neighbors' concerns and local ordinances. Giving away fresh eggs can help, but you still may need to obtain a special use permit, meet property-line setback limits from neighbors' homes and wells, and finally, limit noise and smell. This usually means no roosters waking everyone up in your cul-de-sac at 5 am and frequent house cleaning with fresh wood shavings.
You will not believe how resourceful area dogs and foxes are at digging under a fence, or how quickly a hawk can fly in and carry a young chicken away. There have been cases of predators breaking glass windows to get into a chicken house and killing every chicken they can reach. Provide a safe environment for your chickens and you will be rewarded with more fresh eggs than you can possibly eat while letting the sun power everything.
Sources of materials Electric door:
www.poultrybutler.com
724-397-8908 Solar components:
www.dtisolar.com
804-457-9566 Pre-manufactured coops:
www.myamishgoods.com
800-635-4619
zchickens.com
262-299-3777 Free advice for raising chickens:
www.backyardchickens.com Backyard chicken suppliers:
www.mypetchicken.com
888-460-1529
www.raisingchickensright.com Books on raising chickens:
www.backwoodshome.com
800-835-2418
Patrick Lynch, head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, speaks during a news conference after the bodies of two fallen NYPD police officers were transported from Woodhull Medical Center, Saturday, Dec. 20, 2014, in New York. An armed man walked up to two New York Police Department officers sitting inside a patrol car and opened fire Saturday afternoon, killing one and critically wounding a second before running into a nearby subway station and committing suicide, police said. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
After the murder of two NYPD police by a man with a lengthy criminal history, NYC Patrolmen's Benevolent Association president Pat Lynch said Mayor Bill de Blasio had blood on their hands.
Previously, the union had sought to have the mayor banned from the funerals of police killed in the line of duty.
The union said the request was made because of de Blasio's "consistent refusal to show police officers the support and respect they deserve."
But there hasn't been a mayor, Republican, Democrat or Independent, in at least the recent past who hasn't been met with scorn by the powerful police union.
As former New York Times reporter David Firestone pointed out in a series of tweets:
1. A reminder that NYC's police unions have repeatedly and opportunistically abused their power and shabbily attacked every recent mayor. — David Firestone (@fstonenyc) December 22, 2014
2. In 1992, the PBA held a violent, vulgar City Hall rally against Dinkins, asking how many drug dealers he'd hugged. http://t.co/PIohwjJmuy — David Firestone (@fstonenyc) December 22, 2014
3. In 1997, police officers distributed fliers demanding that Mayor Giuliani be refused admittance to their funerals. http://t.co/L63mUjZpBd — David Firestone (@fstonenyc) December 22, 2014
4. The PBA ran ads against Bloomberg and threatened to picket the Republican National Convention in 2004. http://t.co/uRzC0VpSAh — David Firestone (@fstonenyc) December 22, 2014
5. Exploiting their huge power over public safety, NYC police unions have historically behaved less responsibly than any other public union. — David Firestone (@fstonenyc) December 22, 2014
At least the last four administrations, spanning nearly 25 years, have faced heavy criticism from the PBA.
For their part, de Blasio has asked that all protests against the killing of unarmed African-American men by police officers be suspended until after the funerals of the slain NYPD officers.
"It's a time to step back and just focus on these families," they said. "I think it's a time for everyone to put aside political debates, put aside protests, put aside all of the things that we will talk about in due time. In the coming days, as two families prepare for funerals and figure out how to piece their lives back together, that should be our only concern: How do we support them?"
De Blasio's police commissioner, Bill Braton said the mayor had lost the trust of "some" of their officers. Braton's comments came after NYPD officers turned their back on the mayor following a visit to Woodhull Hospital, where the two fallen cops were pronounced dead Saturday.
"I think they have lost it with some officers," Bratton said. "I was at the hospital when that event occurred.... I don't support that particular activity, I don't think it was appropriate, particularly in that setting, but it's reflective of the anger of some of them."
De Blasio angered the police union after they admitted that they had to train their bi-racial son to be extra careful during interactions with police.
"What parents have done for decades who have children of color, especially young men of color, is trained them to be very careful when they have a connection with a police officer," de Blasio said. "It's different for a white child. That's just the reality in this country."
The very special gift presented to 50 prop traders at Schonfeld Securities in advance of the celebratory July 4th holiday weekend... was a pink slip. The palliative reason given to these newly unemployed by founder Steven Schonfeld: it is all the fault of "black boxes, stat arb and high frequency trading." Welcome to the new paradigm - you are now all redundant. Only robots are allowed to trade with robots. But. But. We thought they only provide liquidity (er, viscocity - the specific gravity of motor oil is 0.8). Full letter below.
‘On December 5, 1988 we started Schonfeld Securities. Very soon after, we started hiring prop traders, and many years later formed “Opus Trading Fund”.
Prop trading has always been and will always be an extremely important part of our business and certainly the one that is closest to our hearts. The best Schonfeld traders will always have a place to trade and the capital to maximize their earnings potential. We are committed to them and will always strive to provide an environment for them to succeed. Sadly, however, we are re-thinking the notion that less skilled and less successful traders can be here forever without producing sufficiently for themselves and the firm.
For over 21 years we have always done everything we could, with the traders' best interests in mind, to provide careers and opportunities for our traders.
We have always cared more than you could imagine for your careers, happiness, well being and future.
We truly admired many of your passions for trading and for the markets. Over the years we have stood by you and you have stood by us as well. There has been real loyalty on both ends and don't ever think we took your loyalty for granted for one second.
Bull and bear markets come and go. Good trading markets come and go. But unfortunately, our vision of the future of trading has changed. It is getting much tougher for traders to make a living or get by. The direct competition from black boxes, stat arb and high frequency trading which continues to grow at exponential rates is here to stay and has caused us to change our outlook for lesser skilled traders.
Based on the above competitive changes to the trading arena, we feel we are doing an injustice to both our lesser skilled traders and the firm by keeping them around. At best, they will barely get by and that's not why we are in their business or what they should be here for.
Unfortunately the career of trading is not a good option for lesser skilled traders going forward. We will be letting go many of these traders over the next 6-12 months. It is with deep regret and the hardest thing we have had to do since the inception of the firm in 1988. It truly saddens us to do this, but we are doing the traders who will not be making a living going forward a favor, so they can venture into different careers.
It is even more painful since many of you have been so loyal and really good guys.
To those of you that we ultimately let go, we deeply apologize but whether you understand it immediately or not, it truly is best for you.
After discussions with the managers and exhaustive quantitative research our objective will be to reduce the number of traders we have down to those that we believe will make a great or very good living trading for years and years to come with the necessary skills needed.
The traders who are newer to trading will be given some extra time to potentially have their skills stand out. The days of a trader making a living by generating $50k to $75k of adjusted gross annually are over. There is room for only highly motivated, skilled and developing traders that can add value to each other and the firm.
Once again, we wish it was different and are extremely sorry for those that don't make it.
New project management articles published on the web during the week of October 9 – 15. And this week's video: Caitria and Morgan O'Neill explain how they became disaster recovery project managers on the day their hometown (including their home) was hit by a tornado. 9 minutes, safe for work. #MillennialsSteppingUp
Must read!
Ben Evans does a generational study of dominant tech firms and finds that GAFA (Google, Apple, Facebook, and Amazon) are 3X the scale of Wintel. 5 minutes to read.
Eshe Nelson summarizes the work of Nobel Prize winner Richard Thaler, who examines the flaws and biases in human nature that drive us to make bad decisions. 5 minutes to read.
Nir Eyal and Lakshmi Mani focus on confirmation bias—how it works inside your brain, and how to deal with it when trying to function in the real world. 5 minutes to read.
Established Methods
Elizabeth Harrin interviews Jonathan Clay, PMI UK's incoming president on the upcoming Synergy conference and what's next for the chapter. 5 minutes to read.
Elizabeth Harrin interviews Jonathan Clay, PMI UK's incoming president on the upcoming Synergy conference and what's next for the chapter. 5 minutes to read. Mike Clayton answers the rhetorical question: should I get a project management qualification? 10 minutes to read, 7 outbound links.
Dmitriy Nizhebetskiy tutors us on project quality assurance. 6 minutes to read.
Kiron Bondale suggests that, in addition to defining project success factors, we should define what would constitute a project failure.
Kerry Wills lists five guiding principles for an agile portfolio. 2 minutes to read.
Harry Hall lists seven project management influencers to watch. Thanks for including me in such esteemed company! 3 minutes to read.
Agile Methods
Stefan Wolpers curates their weekly list of all things Agile, from scaling Spotify to uncontrollable technical debt to cost of delay. 3 minutes to scan, 9 outbound links.
John Yorke's new Kanban training board game is almost ready for general distribution, but he's looking for feedback. Seems really interesting. 3 minutes to read.
Johanna Rothman explores minimalism—how little can we do and yet still be effective? Just over a minute to read.
Shane Billings articulates the type of “deviations” needed to adapt a plan (connect the moving dots) in a fast-changing environment.
Jesse Fewell calls out the haters—“Hate is not an Agile value.” Attack the problem, not the person. 4 minutes to read the text, 5 minutes for the podcast. Safe for work.
Eli Woolery and Aarron Walter interview Jake Knapp, father of the design sprint and author of Sprint. 2 minutes to read the article, 57 minutes for the podcast.
Applied Leadership
John Goodpasture notes that any activity at scale requires strangers to work together effectively. Which requires things like currency, bureaucracy, and the rule of law. 2 minutes to read.
John Goodpasture notes that any activity at scale requires strangers to work together effectively. Which requires things like currency, bureaucracy, and the rule of law. 2 minutes to read. Art Petty maps out the distinctions between a team and a group. Yes, groups are useful, too. 4 minutes to read.
Kat Boogaard shares some legitimate tactics for becoming a thought leader. Yes, thought leaders are leaders. 3 minutes to read.
Technology, Techniques, and Human Behavior
Ryan Ogilvie gives us a detailed plan for improving business support. 7 minutes to read.
The Nuvro blog has a new article on how to create a customer success team. 5 minutes to read.
Vaibhav Aparimit begins a series on the fundamentals of system design with definitions of reliability more accurately resilience), scalability, and maintainability. 2 minutes to read.
Karik Patel explains augmented analytics and tells us why it matters. 3 minutes to read.
Working and the Workplace
Michael Lopp describes that moment when the Old Guard and the New Guard actually come together for the first time—in a moment of crisis. 5 minutes to read.
Suzanne Lucas explains how to keep working when you're depressed (and shares some insights into managing depressed people). 5 minutes to read.
Seth Godin: “Sonderis defined as that moment when you realize that everyone around you has an internal life as rich and as conflicted as yours.” 1 minute to read.
Enjoy!
Share this: Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
User Info: AwesomeOSauce AwesomeOSauce 4 years ago #1
Seems like some sites might have had rules to be anti Vita.
http://www.reddit.com/r/vita/comments/2jbn6u/former_siliconera_moderator_leaks_screenshots_of/
^^^ Full thread there on reddit some pictures below.
http://imgur.com/a/pKryJ (just a few comments mentioning the Vita would get banned) eventually people stopped mentioning it altogether.
http://imgur.com/a/L1kRd banlogs
http://imgur.com/a/Zkcrf Moderator actually finds proof linking anti Vita people on siliconera to the SJWs that are anti Gamergate
Conspiracy? Think about it. These sites have power. If they all bashed the Vita and the Vita's games constantly for their own personal agenda then that could cause casual consumers to be turned off and not buy the Vita and in turn causing the Vita to be where it is today.
Thoughts? http://soundcloud.com/sunnyterra/audio-recording-on-monday-29
^ Hermiione says my name and says I''m cute! ^_^ Guess all of us saying the Vita is getting hated on unfairly were right.Seems like some sites might have had rules to be anti Vita.http://www.reddit.com/r/vita/comments/2jbn6u/former_siliconera_moderator_leaks_screenshots_of/^^^ Full thread there on reddit some pictures below.http://imgur.com/a/pKryJhttp://imgur.com/a/L1kRdhttp://imgur.com/a/ZkcrfConspiracy? Think about it. These sites have power. If they all bashed the Vita and the Vita's games constantly for their own personal agenda then that could cause casual consumers to be turned off and not buy the Vita and in turn causing the Vita to be where it is today.Thoughts?
User Info: Zamnato Zamnato 4 years ago #2 Psn: Zamnato-
3ds FC: 3539-9523-3329 http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140824205307/fallout/images/0/08/I_don_t_want_to_live_on_this_planet_anymore.jpg
User Info: HellsingOrg HellsingOrg 4 years ago #3 The bird of Hermes is my name eating my wings to make me tame. Called it after the Vita launched. Vita got treated like crap for no reason.
User Info: Junpei_Stupei Junpei_Stupei 4 years ago #4
You can't criticize a game anymore, nor can you make topic unless it's "100% serious".
If it sounds like a joke, expect it to be deleted. It's ridiculous.
. I think I bought the wrong console this gen. Gamefaqs is soon becoming like this with the Draconian gray-area rules that the mods are practicing right now.You can't criticize a game anymore, nor can you make topic unless it's "100% serious".If it sounds like a joke, expect it to be deleted. It's ridiculous.
User Info: Marik78 Marik78 4 years ago #5 Not only the Vita, it also happens if you say something bad about any Nintendo-related IPs.
Wrote a lenghty post a while ago about DQ X's flaws, it didn't last long.
Like said in the reddit topic, it's probably that Isshan guy.
User Info: TheEntitledOne TheEntitledOne 4 years ago #6 AwesomeOSauce posted...
Conspiracy? Think about it. These sites have power. If they all bashed the Vita and the Vita's games constantly for their own personal agenda then that could cause casual consumers to be turned off and not buy the Vita and in turn causing the Vita to be where it is today.
rofl, you can't make this stuff up. Classic Vitassurance. I got your number! I got all your numbers! rofl, you can't make this stuff up. Classic Vitassurance.
User Info: Xtreme-Void Xtreme-Void 4 years ago #7
It no wonder, they are the worst PC Gaming Rigs, PS3, PS VITA, PSP
i7 4790 | MSI GTX 780 Ti TF OC | 12 GB RAM | 250GB SSD | 6 TB HDD | Sony Bravia 40HX750 | Altec Lansing MX6021 | Win8.1 They are Nintendo fanboysIt no wonder, they are the worst
User Info: Black_Assassin Black_Assassin 4 years ago #8
Just use it for the news. lowercase The comment section of the site is s*** anyway.Just use it for the news.
User Info: Golden_Mean Golden_Mean 4 years ago #9
but mods have always been a joke. It could be some hormonal teenie for all we know
TheEntitledOne posted...
AwesomeOSauce posted...
Conspiracy? Think about it. These sites have power. If they all bashed the Vita and the Vita's games constantly for their own personal agenda then that could cause casual consumers to be turned off and not buy the Vita and in turn causing the Vita to be where it is today.
rofl, you can't make this stuff up. Classic Vitassurance.
oh there's one here PSN: Kikkosauce66, NNID: Rontuaru/2895-8974-0662 ::: UMvC3, BBCP, DoA5+, DoA5U, Injustice, Skullgirls, SFxT, USIV, Sm4sh -- Fight me. lol holy ****but mods have always been a joke. It could be some hormonal teenie for all we knowoh there's one here
If you glanced at today's Sun you could be forgiven for thinking that UKIP had become not just Eastleigh but Britain's second party. "PM feels heat as UKIP support hits 38 per cent" reads the paper's attention-grabbing headline. But the stat turns out refer to the party's potential level of support, not its current level (12 per cent in today's YouGov poll). Asked whether they would consider voting for UKIP if it had "a realistic chance of actually winning in your local area", 38 per cent say they would, 10 per cent say they would "probably not" and 43 per cent say they would "definitely not". A separate question which asks whether people would consider voting for the party, regardless of its chances of success, found that 36 per cent would and 44 would not.
The level of "considerers" is viewed by all parties as an important measure of their potential to expand their support, so how do the rest compare? It's Labour that comes out on top, with 46 per cent saying they would consider voting for the party and 35 per cent saying they would not. The party's large pool of potential voters is one reason why some Labour MPs (see Peter Hain's Staggers piece yesterday) are confident their party will be the largest after 2015.
The Conservatives are in second place, with 40 per cent saying they would consider voting for the party. But worryingly for David Cameron, 43 per cent of all respondents say they would "definitely not" vote for the party. For a large section of the electorate, the Tories remain too toxic to touch.
But it's the Lib Dems who are now Britain's least favourite party. Only 30 per cent would consider voting for them and 49 per cent would "definitely not". The finding contrasts with an earlier YouGov poll in September 2011 which found that 36 per cent would not consider voting Lib Dem, compared to 42 per cent who would not consider voting Tory. While the Lib Dems are often accused of retoxifying the Conservative brand, the poll reminds us that coalition government has been most toxic for them.
Here are those figures in full.
Labour
Actual support: 40%
Potential support: 46%
35% would "definitely not" vote for the party
Conservatives
Actual support: 31%
Potential support: 40%
43% would "definitely not" vote for the party
Liberal Democrats
Actual support: 12%
Potential support: 30%
49% would "definitely not" vote for the party
UKIP
Actual support: 12%
Potential support: 36%
44% would "definitely not" vote for the party
The young woman tragically killed by a truck on the M8 motorway yesterday had only become a mother for the first time on Sunday.
The young woman tragically killed by a truck on the M8 motorway yesterday had only become a mother for the first time on Sunday.
First-time mother killed in motorway crash after stopping to take hospital call about newborn
Nicola Kenny (26), from Thurles in Co Tipperary, was travelling to Dublin after their day-old daughter was transferred to Temple Street hospital because of concerns for their health.
But while making the journey Nicola, who was traveling with their mother Ann, and aunt Irene Whelan, who was driving, received a phone call from the hospital.
They pulled into the hard shoulder of the M8 motorway to take the call, which was the good news that little baby Lily-Rose was recovering well and was about to be transferred back to Clonmel hospital where they were born.
It was just after the phone conversation ended when a truck smashed into the back of the car, killing Nicola, who was in the back seat and injuring their mother and aunt.
In Thurles today, the shocked community in and around Kennedy Park, which lies in the shadows of Semple Stadium where the Tipperary minor and senior hurling teams were welcomed home yesterday after their All Ireland victories, were gathering around the Kenny family as news of Nicola's death spread.
“Nicola had Lily-Rose in the early hours of Sunday morning in Clonmel hospital, and all was well, but then later on Sunday there was a bit of concern that the baby had a bit of a temperature and it was decided to transfer them to Temple Street,” a family spokesperson told the Herald today.
“Then yesterday Nicola was being driven up to be with the baby when a call came through from the hospital that everything was fine.
They had a smile for everyone: Nicola Kenny had just become a new mum
"Irene pulled the car in to the hard shoulder so Nicola could take the call, and they were delighted to hear Lily-Rose was doing well, and that's when the crash happened,” they added.
“We are all devastated, Sunday was a big day of celebration with the baby being born and the Tipperary success at Croke Park, and then this happened.
The scene of the road collision on the M8, near Cashel, Co Tipperary, yesterday, in which one woman was killed and two were seriously injured. Photo: Dylan Vaughan
“Nicola was a great girl, they always had a smile on their face, they were well known in the town and knew everybody because they worked in the local Tesco. It's heartbreaking,” they explained.
The crash happened at 12.25pm in the northbound side of the M8 between junctions 9 and 10 near Dogstown.
Read more: Motorist killed in road accident near Dundalk
Them mother Ann, who was in the front passenger seat, suffered a broken arm and other injuries in the collision but was discharged from hospital to be with their husband and son.
Ms Whelan was driving.  They are understood to be in intensive care at University Hospital Limerick but their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening.
Lily Rose was transferred by ambulance to Temple Street on Sunday evening as doctors were concerned for their health but it is understood their condition stabilised overnight and into Monday morning prompting the phone call to Ms Kenny urging them not to travel to Dublin.
Thurles was thronged with thousands of people on Monday evening celebrating Tipperary All-Ireland hurling success as news of the tragedy spread.
Ms Kenny's family home in Kennedy Park, where they lived with their mother and father, is only a few streets away from where the victorious team homecoming was held in Semple Stadium.
Ms Kenny was well known through their job in the Tesco store in Thurles and had a wide circle of friends. They were also a godmother.
Them funeral will take place on Thursday at the Cathedral of the Assumption in the town followed by burial at St Patrick's Cemetery.
Local priests spent the day liaising with the family.
Fr Martin Hayes said prayers and sympathies were being offered to relatives and friends and appealed for them to be given privacy to grieve.
Linzi Cleary, who had been friends with Ms Kenny all their life, posted a photo of them as toddlers and a message on social media.
"What can I say sister I don't know how I can live without you. I love you so so much babygirl. I hope your wings are as big as your perfect personality. The last 26 years nobody can even come close I love you sis. I love you so much," they said.
Elsewhere, a woman in their 30s was killed following a collision with a truck while cycling in Dublin.
Gardai said the accident happened on Seville Place at about 10.55am.
The truck driver was taken to Beaumont Hospital as a precaution.
The road death toll for the year is 125.
Online Editors
Please contact customer support at 1-866-886-3001 or visit online support here .
Please return the product to your nearest Best Buy store with the receipt.
If you purchased from Best Buy or bestbuy.com:
If you already own Karma, follow these instructions to return your product for a full refund.
FAQs
Q: Why is GoPro conducting this recall?
A: The recall was announced after we discovered that in a small number of cases, Karma units lost power during operation. We are investigating the issue and working in close coordination with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration.
Q: Is there a recall on HERO5 Black or Karma Grip?
A: No. The recall is only for the Karma drone. HERO5 Black and Karma Grip are not subject to a recall. However, if you purchased the Karma drone bundle package, which included HERO5 Black and Karma Grip, you must return those with your Karma drone for a full refund.
Q: My Karma drone appears to be operating okay. Can I continue to use it?
A: No. Even though your Karma appears to be working fine, we are asking all customers to immediately stop using the product and participate in the recall. Refer to the Return Instructions section above.
Q: Can I exchange my Karma drone for one that is not affected?
A: No. We are recalling all Karma units and providing a full refund. We are investigating the issue and plan to make Karma available once it has been resolved.
Q: How do I return Karma?
A: Refer to the Return Instructions section above.
Q: What if I bought Karma at Best Buy or bestbuy.com?
A: All Karma drones bought at Best Buy or bestbuy.com should be returned to your nearest Best Buy store with the receipt for a full refund. Even though the recall is only for the Karma drone, all components included with the Karma drone bundle, including HERO4 Black and Karma Grip, must be returned for a full refund. Refer to the Return Instructions section above.
Q: Will I receive a refund for Karma?
A: Yes. You will receive a refund for your purchase. All components included with the Karma drone bundle, including HERO5 Black and Karma Grip, must be returned for a full refund. For Best Buy customers please contact GoPro Customer Support directly and have your original transaction number available to confirm your product has been returned and processed at Best Buy.
Q: Will I receive a refund for GoPro Care for Karma? And what if I bought accessories?
A: Yes. You will receive a refund for GoPro Care for Karma and any Karma-related accessories you may have purchased.
Q: I no longer have the receipt for the product. Can I still return it?
A: Yes. You can still return the product without a receipt. Please work directly with GoPro for no receipt returns.
Q: Do I have to return all the components received with the Karma drone if I purchased a Karma drone bundle?
A: Yes. Even though the recall is only for the Karma drone, all components included with the Karma drone bundle, including HERO5 Black and Karma Grip, must be returned for a full refund.
Q: Will I receive a free Hero5Black Camera once I return my Karma?
A: No. We are offering a full refund for your Karma or an exchange for the re-launched Karma Drone.
Pseudo patriots came out to the battlefield to fight antifa based on an internet rumor spread by a fake antifa Twitter account. So this was already funny to begin with!
This story was updated to include the name of the person who shot himself.
GETTYSBURG, PA – The rumor that antifa were coming to Gettysburg National Military Park to desecrate Confederate monuments there turned out to be false, but that did not stop a group of militia members from coming out, standing guard and shooting themselves in the foot – or literally in their left thigh.
According to Pennlive, a “patriot” in their twenties, later identified as Benjamin Hornberger, 23 of Shippensburg, PA, accidentally triggered the revolver they brought to the park, which was inside a leg holster, when they temporarily rested the bottom of their flag pole against the holster. Park police who were nearby when the shooting took place quickly applied a tourniquet, possibly saving their lives.
The accidental discharge happened near four designated fenced areas for demonstrators. Many of the ‘patriots', did not go into those areas immediately reportedly because their permit was suspended because of a brief rain, but instead marched around the perimeter. After the rain cleared, they were allowed in.
Later, as police were trying to unload the revolver, it went off a second time while visitors were nearby. Police say the gun was “bad” and they had a hard time getting the rounds out of the chamber. After they forced all of the rounds out of the revolver, they secured the gun.
Several weeks ago, rumors circulated that an antifa Twitter account announced that they were going to the park to desecrate its Confederate monuments, namely its flags, but the Twitter account was one of several fake antifa accounts with no connection to antifascist groups that attempt to paint them in a bad light. The story was circulated by neo-Fascist provocateurs such as Jack Posobiec, themselves a Pennsylvania native, and Cassandra Fairbanks, and was also picked up by the right wing World News Daily and Fox News, who noted in their article that a Central Pennsylvania antifa group noted on their Facebook page that the report of such an action “smelled fishy”. Ironically, some Twitter accounts were calling for antifa to be shot.
Antifa has an event July 1, 3-6 PM, at Gettysburg National Memorial Park Cemetery… urging ppl to find Confederate graves' to desecrate. — Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) June 28, 2017
Any Antifa desecrating Gettysburg should be shot on the spot — Liberty Guerrilla (@LibrtyGuerrilla) June 22, 2017
AntifaPlans2BurnFlags & DesecrateGraves @ Gettysburg on Anniversary of Battle (IF THEY ATTEMPT IT,THEY SHD BE SHOT) https://t.co/75csMUSQlZ — Andover1996 (@USPatriot01810) June 29, 2017
Eventually an Facebook event titled “Support America and Them History, Rally! If You Hate US, Leave!” was formed to call people to defend the park. Among those who attended this event was conservative writer and activist Dan Gray, who despite being Jewish, has participated in rallies against Syrian refugees with the neo-Nazi Keystone United, and has repeatedly railed against antifa in the past. “Gettysburg CAN confirm no Nazis on the dais,” they wrote in a tweet when their event began. “CANNOT confirm ANTIFA permit or presence.” By about 2:30 PM the “patriots” began leaving.
Rumors of war, fog of war: Gettysburg
CAN confirm no Nazis on the dais.
CANNOT confirm ANTIFA permit or presence. — Dan Gray (@Dan_Gray_) July 1, 2017
Some people leaving as ominous clouds approach Gettysburg national military Park. Patriots here but no Antifa pic.twitter.com/oy0cgSh7jB — Christine Vendel (@ChristineVendel) July 1, 2017
Antifa Checker has been established on Twitter and other social media outlets to direct people to legitimate antifa accounts.
Video from one of the militia members pretending to defend Gettysburg.
Despite the big marketing push a couple of years back, 3D technologies haven't really caught on with users. But the team behind Skype believes there's still a lot of potential in this area, revealing that they have been doing trials in the labs and hope to officially support 3D video calls once the ‘ecosystem of devices' is ready.
In an interview with BBC, Skype vice president Mark Gillett says they've seen a lot of progress on the display front, noting people have access to the technology on both television sets and computer monitors. But it's another story when it comes to 3D capturing devices. For something like this to work “you have to add multiple cameras to your computer, precisely calibrate them and point them at the right angle,” according to Gillett.
There's a bit of unintended irony to their comments given Skype-parent Microsoft produces perhaps the most widely deployed 3D capturing device out there, known as Kinect. But the fact remains the technology just isn't quite there to match R2-D2's three-dimensional video calling expertise.
Aside from technological limitations the format also faces an uphill battle gaining the public's acceptance. After all, 3D pretty much failed to live up to the initial excitement surrounding its arrival on modern TVs, and broadcasters including BBC and ESPN have recently decided to ditch their 3D channels due to poor demand.
The BBC interview also touches the possibility of offering 1080p video calls to other devices apart from the forthcoming Xbox One console, including Sony's PS4 and mobile devices, as well as advances from the Microsoft takeover and the threat from services like Whatsapp in the mobile communication space.
On a related note, Skype happens to be celebrating its 10th anniversary today, claiming more than 1.4 trillion minutes of voice and video calls under its belt or the equivalent of more than 2.6 million years of conversations. The company has posted an infographic highlighting some of the achievements this past decade brought.
About this mod Adds another trait at character creation that can be used to choose a character background and starting equipment. (Includes recreated Pre-Order items and traits from the game \"Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura\") Permissions and credits Credits and distribution permission Other user's assets Some assets in this file belong to other authors. You will need to seek permission from these authors before you can use their assets
Upload permission You can upload this file to other sites but you must credit me as the creator of the file
Modification permission You are allowed to modify my files and release bug fixes or improve on the features so long as you credit me as the original creator
Conversion permission You can convert this file to work with other games as long as you credit me as the creator of the file
Asset use permission You are allowed to use the assets in this file without permission as long as you credit me
Asset use permission in mods/files that are being sold You are not allowed to use assets from this file in any mods/files that are being sold, for money, on Steam Workshop or other platforms
Asset use permission in mods/files that earn donation points You must get permission to earn Donation Points for your mods if they use my assets Author notes This author has not provided any additional notes regarding file permissions File credits This author has not credited anyone else in this file Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
Description
===========
Adds another trait at character creation that can be used to choose a character background (e.g. Mercenary, Tribal, BoS-Outcast) and starting equipment. (Including recreated Pre-Order items.)
Location
========
You choose the trait during character creation and will receive the items when you get the PipBoy from Doc Mitchell.
Details
=======
Simply choose the relevant trait during character creation.
You can choose more than one history trait (sadly I can't script them otherwise), but only one will be active in the game. So don't waste traits on more than one history.
Also please note that selecting "Brotherhood of Steel-Outcast" or "NCR Trooper A.W.O.L" will make you gain infamy with the relevant faction. This was implemented to balance out the rather strong armors you will get.
##########
History: BoS-Outcast
Before working as a courier, you were a Brotherhood of Steel Initiate and trained to master the secrets of the technology of old.
Didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Initiate's Power Armor
- Modified Laser Rifle
- 120x Microfusion Cell
- 3x Stealth Boy
Also reduces your BoS Reputation!
##########
History: Caravaneer
Before working as a courier, you were a caravaneer and the Mojave is like a second home to you.
Didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Lightweight Leather Armor
- Sturdy Caravan Shotgun
- 40x 20 gauge Shotgun Shell
- 4x Weapon Repair Kit
- Binoculars
##########
History: Gambler
Before working as a courier, you were a true high-roller. A whale. The casino doors never closed for you. All your luck didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Gambler's Attire
- Gentleman's Revolver
- 60x .357 Magnum Rounds
- 1000x Bottle caps
Also gives you access to The Strip without a credit check!
##########
History: Hubologist
Before working as a courier, you were a devout follower of Hubology with an impressive AHS rank. All your neurodynes didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Hubologist Space Suit
- Zeta Scan Amplifier
- 5x Mentats
- Hubologist Teachings Holodisc
##########
History: Mercenary
Before working as a courier, you were a mercenary and dealing with threats is just as much your nature as being a threat yourself.
Didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Lightweight Metal Armor
- Mercenary's Grenade Rifle
- 20x 40mm Grenade
- 3x Super Stimpak
- 3x Doctor's Bag
##########
History: NCR AWOL
Before working as a courier, you were - at least till you decided to run - a soldier for the NCR.
Didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Dusty NCR Trooper Armor
- Trooper's Service Rifle
- 100x 5.66mm Rounds
- 5x Stimpak
- Binoculars
Also reduces your NCR Reputation!
##########
History: Tribal
Before working as a courier, you grew up as a tribal and you knew of the secrets of the Mojave before learning your letters.
Didn't stop you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Tribal Raiding Armor
- Broad Machete
- 5x Bleak Venom
- 10x Throwing Spear
##########
History: Vault-Boy/Vault-Girl
Before working as a courier, you grew up sheltered in one of the old Vaults.
Didn't shelter you from getting shot in the head, though.
You will receive:
- Armored Vault Jumpsuit
- Weathered 10mm pistol
- 50x 10mm Rounds
- 5x Purified Water
- 5x Stimpak
Install
=======
1. Extract the file to (install folder)\Valve\Steam\SteamApps\common\fallout new vegas\Data\
2. Start the Fallout New Vegas Launcher and select the mod.
Uninstall
=========
1). Delete the files associated with the mod.
2.) Load the save and play as normal.
Upgrade
=======
none.
Incompatibility
==============
Other mods that change the character creation. But as long as the alternative method includes a trait selection and Doc Mitchell handing out the starting equipment, you should be fine.
Known Issues or Bugs
====================
none.
History
=======
ver.1.0
-Released
ver.1.1
-Added "History: Gambler"
ver.1.2
-Added "History: Hubologist"
ver.1.3
-Fallout: New Vegas Patch 1.3 changes included in mod.
Credits
=======
Bethesda and Obsidian for making 2 great Fallout games!
Everyone at "The Vault, the Fallout Wikia" for reference and a daily dose of "Oh my god, I didn't know I could do that in the game!"
The Fallout Nexus for hosting!
Licensing/Legal
===============
You must contact me and obtain my permission before re-packaging any part of
this mod. If I do not respond within 2 weeks, feel free to do whatever you
like with this mod.
BlackBerry is best known for its namesake smartphone devices, but the company also backs these up with the BlackBerry Enterprise Service (BES) 10, a management and security platform for large organisations that secured the prize for best mobile management software at the 2013 V3 Technology Awards.
Mike Gibson, head of Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry in the UK, said their firm was exceptionally pleased to have won recognition for its business mobility platform in what has turned out to be a difficult year for the company.
"We're overjoyed to have won, and it's a testament to the amount of work we're putting in to deliver a cross-platform management system with BES," they told V3.
BlackBerry accepting its award with V3 editor Madeline Bennett
The awards are voted for by the V3 readership of IT professionals, and Gibson attributed BlackBerry's success to the capabilities the firm has included in BES 10, which not only offers the traditional security and behind-the-firewall connectivity for BlackBerry devices, but also extends this to other mobile platforms as well.
"What you're seeing now is that customers appreciate that we're bringing that same capability onto iOS and Android devices, so I believe it's the security and control framework that we are now delivering to help them manage their mobile estates that won it," they said.
Looking to the future, BlackBerry is aiming to extend these capabilities and in 2014 will introduce a cloud-based version of BES that gives customers all the benefits of the platform but without having to deploy servers themselves.
A preview of this was made available at the start of December, which customers can try out for free for the next three months while BlackBerry works to commercialise it, Gibson said.
This fits in with Gibson's view of the challenges and priorities for IT chiefs in 2014, which includes taking greater advantage of the opportunities offered by cloud services and trying to adapt to an ever more mobile world.
"There are more and more mobile devices in the enterprise, so the challenge is how do you move from communication type applications like email and IM [instant messaging] to real business applications that transform the way the business operates?" they said.
BlackBerry believes that its BES platform can make a difference here, serving as a secure conduit for mobile devices to connect back to enterprise applications such as enterprise resource planning (ERP) and customer relationship management (CRM) running inside the firewall.
"What we're trying to do is make it easy by taking care of the connectivity and the security elements of mobilising applications. You don't have to worry about security – we take care of it. That's probably the biggest thing that BES 10 does as far as customers are concerned," they claimed.
General election fundraising marked an initial hurdle for the Trump campaign, which set up a donation infrastructure later than presidential candidates typically do. Trump's loans and a heavy dose of media coverage had allowed the campaign to get by with minimal fundraising during the primaries.
The campaign of Trump's presumptive Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton previously announced that it raised more than $40 million in June. Joint efforts with the Democratic Party added another $28 million, for a total of nearly $70 million.
For historical perspective, in June of 2012 Republican nominee Mitt Romney raised $106 million, outraising President Barack Obama by more than $30 million. Those figures also include joint fundraising with the candidates' parties and affiliated committees.
It remains to be seen how much cash the Trump campaign had on hand at the end of June. A Federal Election Commission filing later this month will give a glimpse into the campaign's spending habits.
It ended May with only $1.3 million on hand, versus more than $42 million for the Clinton campaign.
Previously, Trump had loaned their campaign about $45 million from their personal fortune, before announcing they would forgive the loans — effectively making a donation to their own campaign. However, as of last week Trump's campaign had declined to release the official paperwork and in the same week the FEC told NBC News no official paperwork forgiving the loans had been filed.
— CNBC's Ivan Levingston contributed to this report.
Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has rejected accusations that Iran was in a quest to resurrect the Persian Empire, saying the accusations are in line with the Iranophobia project.
“The narrative and formatting of some media and writings that Iran is seeking to revive its ancient empire and expand its territorial sphere of influence is all the false and groundless presumptions that have been concocted to be knit into the Iranophobia project,” they said Monday.
Zarif made the remarks during their address to a conference held in Tehran on the history of Iran's foreign relations, which was attended by a number of foreign diplomats and ambassadors as well as researchers.
Last month, French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian echoed during a joint news conference with their Saudi counterpart Adel al-Jubeir Riyadh's accusations that Iran had “hegemonic” intentions in the region.
Zarif told the “international and regional rabble-rousers to read a bit about the history of the Iranian people's resistance.”
“The Islamic Republic of Iran emphasizes the territorial integrity of the countries of the region and their independence. We see our interests in a powerful, advanced and stable region,” they said.
Foreign diplomats listen to the Iranian foreign minister's address at a conference in Tehran on Dec. 18, 2017. (Photo by IRNA)
Zarif outlined Iran's foreign policies, saying the country should always maintain “distrust in arrogant powers and friendship and engagement with neighbors.”
Western powers and their allies in the region are worried about what they call an Iranian “arc of influence” stretching from Lebanon and Syria in the Levant, to Iraq and Bahrain on the Persian Gulf, to Yemen on the Red Sea.
Those worries have especially increased in the wake of Iran's successful military advisory assistance to Iraq and Syria to neuter a foreign-backed insurgency in the two Arab countries.
Advisory assistance to Syria
On Monday, Secretary of the Supreme National Security Council Ali Shamkhani said, “Upon the request of the legitimate Syrian government, we will continue to have a presence and provide advisory services until all terrorist groups are eradicated in the country.”
“The claims of the Zionist regime and other countries have no bearing on the calculations and decisions of the Islamic Republic of Iran in pursuit of national interests and regional security,” they said.
Shamkhani made the remarks during a visit to Iran's western Kordestan Province on the Iraqi border, where they touched on efforts by the Western countries and the Zionist regime to create insecurity and partition the regional countries.”
“The plot to separate the Kurdistan region from Iraq, which was nipped in the bud thanks to the vigilance and cooperation of the countries of the region, reflects the power and will of the people and governments of the region to safeguard security and stability as the most urgent need for development, progress, and welfare,” they said.
Iran's Secretary of Supreme National Security Council Ali Shamkhani (R) receives British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson in Tehran, Dec. 10, 2017.
Last month, Iraq's Supreme Federal Court ruled the Sept. 25 Kurdish secession referendum as unconstitutional and the results void.
Some Iraqi Kurds voted to break away from Iraq in the referendum, defying the central government in Baghdad and the regional countries.
The aborted move was strongly opposed by much of the international community, with Israel supporting it alone.
RIO DE JANEIRO — Jose Aldo has a date for their return to the Octagon.
Max Holloway won the interim featherweight championship with a win over Anthony Pettis Saturday night in Toronto, Canada, and called out UFC featherweight titleholder Jose Aldo for a clash at UFC 208 in Brooklyn on Feb. 11.
Speaking with the media in Brazil on Monday, Aldo confirmed that it's done deal.
“He's saying ‘where's Aldo?', you have to talk to the UFC,” Aldo said. “About the fight in February, I already knew that, I only didn't know who I would fight. It was between them and Pettis, whoever won the fight. It's not something new. This fight will happen on Feb. 11.”
Aldo (26-2) last fought in July, defeating Frankie Edgar to win the interim championship. The interim tag was removed prior to UFC 206, when the promotion decided to make Holloway vs. Pettis for the interim belt.
Holloway (17-3) scored their 10th straight with the TKO stoppage over Pettis at UFC 206. Their last loss was a unanimous decision defeat to Conor McGregor in 2013.
A methodology based on descriptive analysis techniques used in the evaluation of human food has been successfully refined to allow for a human taste panel to profile the flavour and texture of a range of cat food products (CFP) and their component parts. Included in this method is the development of evaluation protocols for homogeneous products and for binary samples containing both meat chunk (MC) and gravy/gel (GG) constituents. Using these techniques, 18 flavour attributes (sweet, sour/acid, tuna, herbal, spicy, soy, salty, cereal, caramel, chicken, methionine, vegetable, offaly, meaty, burnt flavour, prawn, rancid and bitter) and four texture dimensions (hardness, chewiness, grittiness and viscosity) were generated to describe the sensations elicited by 13 commercial pet food samples. These samples differed in intensity for 16 of the 18 flavour attributes, which allows for individual CFP flavour profiles to be developed. Principal components analysis (PCA) could successfully discriminate between samples within the PCA space and also reveal some groupings amongst them. While many flavour attributes were weakly correlated, a large number (describing both taste and retro-nasal aroma qualities) were required to adequately differentiate between samples, suggesting considerable complexity in the products assessed. For both MC and GG, differences between samples for each of the texture dimensions were also found. For MC, grittiness appears to be the most discriminating textural attribute, while for GG viscosity discriminates well between samples. Meat chunks and gravy/gels differed significantly from each other in both flavour and texture. Cat food products differed in their liking ratings, although no differences were found between homogeneous, MC and GG samples, and eight flavour attributes were correlated with overall liking scores. It is now necessary to determine the usefulness and limits of sensory data gathered from human panels in describing and predicting food acceptance and preference behaviours in cats. For instance, while the sense of taste in cats appears generally similar to that of other mammals, they lack a sweet taste receptor (Li et al., 2006), which may limit the applicability of sweetness ratings obtained from humans. Modification of existing techniques used with human food research, such as external preference mapping (Naes and Risvik, 1996) may be useful. Ultimately, this may facilitate more economical and efficient methods for optimizing cat food flavour and texture and predicting the effects of composition and processing changes on cat feeding behaviour. This will require collaboration between pet food manufacturers and nutritionists, animal behaviourists and human sensory scientists. The results of this preliminary study should assist in this process.
Academic research rarely goes viral, but this past year, the work of Princeton professors Anne Case and Nobel laureate Angus Deaton became the center of a national fascination over the woes of white America. It's also landed the two in the crossfire of a debate about race and the lack of attention given to problems faced by African Americans.
In 2015, Case and Deaton pointed out that mortality rates among middle-aged white Americans have been rising, while mortality rates for other Americans and citizens of Western Europe have continued to plummet. Two weeks ago, the researchers released a deeper report probing the underlying reasons. Opioid abuse and alcoholism and a spike in suicides have been the most visible causes, but Case and Deaton say these “deaths of despair” are symptoms of a much larger problem — one that's rooted in the economy, and how forces like technological change have battered less-educated whites in recent decades.
But the economy has been brutal lately for all Americans without a college degree, and this new report kicked off another round of controversy over how the American mainstream often ignores black experiences. Critics have complained that Case and Deaton's focus on white mortality risks drawing attention away from equally pressing problems, like the persistently higher rates of black mortality.
Many of these objections have too less to do with the actual science and more to do with the context in which it was published. President Trump won huge swaths of voters in 2016 by promising to address the grievances of the white working class, and white nationalists endorsed their campaign. Case and Deaton's research on white mortality seemed to speak directly to that political narrative: Not only were white Americans suffering from their own problems, but they were also literally dying out faster in middle age.
Yet African Americans have long suffered higher mortality rates and lower levels of happiness. In light of the divisive racial rhetoric surrounding the Trump campaign, some worried that the interest in Case and Deaton's research would only heighten the sense that African Americans were being erased from the national conversation.
On Monday, Case, Deaton and I had a telephone conversation about their latest work, which explores the connection between a bad economy, bad personal choices, and these rising rates of death in middle age.
{snip}
The following is an edited and condensed transcript of our chat.
Guo: I wanted to discuss this question about whether we are neglecting African Americans with all of our focus on white mortality.
Deaton: I talked to one journalist the other day, and they said, “Ever since your first paper, people have been really upset at you for ignoring black people.”
We weren't trying to insult anyone. We found something that we thought people didn't know about.
Our first paper, in the PNAS, was very much just the facts. People were upset at us for not putting black mortality on one of our charts, but the reason it's not there — which we explain — is that black mortality is so high it doesn't fit on the graph.
Guo: I think the controversy may have less to do with your papers, and more to do with how the media seized these facts and amplified them — in a way that I've not seen done with science research in a long time.
Case: It's not as much news if people's mortality rates are falling the way you would hope they are falling. What seems like news is when mortality has stopped falling, and no one has noticed that it has stopped.
White Americans had just flatlined where the European countries continued to make progress, and where other groups in this country — African Americans and Hispanics — continued to make progress. So what the heck is going on here? We weren't making progress anymore. That, to us seemed like the bigger story.
Deaton: Anne presented the first paper once and was told, in no uncertain terms: How dare you work on whites.
Case: I was really beaten up.
Deaton: And these were really senior people.
Case: Very senior people.
Guo: That's incredible to me because I think one reason these questions are important is that what we learn about rising mortality among this group of white people might also help us understand health problems that are affecting other groups.
Case: Absolutely. In this one group, we might be able to isolate why this is happening, and that's probably going to be relevant for all of us.
The other part is that if some groups are more resilient in some ways, what can we learn from that? The press often gets it wrong and will say “blacks and Hispanics have higher mortality than whites” — which is not true. Hispanics have lower mortality. What makes Hispanics resilient and can we use what we learn from that group to help all groups?
Guo: Yes! The Hispanic mortality paradox. I don't know if we've gotten to the bottom of that though.
Deaton: It's only a paradox because people are thinking about it wrong! I don't think income solely determines health. I think lots of other things determine health. There's this narrative, that is entrenched in some of the professions, that there's this mysterious thing called “socioeconomic status” that is immutably correlated with health. And it isn't.
{snip}
Guo: In your paper I kind of see the mirror image of a debate that happened in a more antiquated time. Forty, 50 years ago, when posed with the question of “What's wrong with African Americans,” most people weren't blaming the lack of jobs. They weren't blaming the economy. They were blaming a lack of values. What your research shows, at least the way I interpret it, is that the underlying economic forces — not just the forces that determine your income, but that determine your career and your life trajectory — are much more powerful than we thought.
Deaton: I think there was some argument about, when working class jobs went away in black communities, that it tended to precipitate these other dysfunctions of various sorts. But yeah, there is this parallel here.
There was this terrible drug epidemic among blacks 30 years ago, and people used to say, “well that was because black culture or black society is terribly deficient.” One way to look at these figures is to see that this has nothing to do with being black. It can happen to whites too.
Case: The data are all consistent with it starting with a bad labor market. In a previous generation, you had the chance of getting a good job with only a high school degree — a job where you could move up the ladder, where there would be what we call “returns to experience”: that as you grew older, your wages would rise.
A lot of those jobs are gone — jobs with health benefits, jobs with on-the-job training. And without that kind of job, it's much harder. Your marriage prospects are much poorer. So you might move in with a woman or with a man, but unlike in Europe, where cohabitation is quite stable, in the U.S. cohabitation is quite fragile.
So you not only don't have a job that gives you structure, you also don't have a relationship that gives you structure. And this is all happening in a point in time where religions that are being chosen also don't give you much structure.
So all those things that would be helpful in building a stable life, a middle class life, those are all turning to dust.
We think that it's consistent then, in response to that, people take to drink, or people think “I don't want to be a burden on people” and they kill themselves, or start taking drugs.
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Photo: Tekla Perry
I'm at a Whole Foods in Palo Alto with Dror Sharon, cofounder and CEO of Consumer Physics, based in San Francisco and Israel. Sharon is holding their smartphone and a tiny handheld device they call SCiO, which is about the size of a TicTac box. We are browsing around the produce department, checking out the Brix level of various items. The Brix number represents the sugar content of a solution and, for fruits, is an indicator of whether or not a particular fruit has much flavor. The tomatoes, according to the SCiO's accompanying smartphone app, are horrible; not a big surprise in March. The apples are mixed, there is only one variety Sharon would buy right now. The mangos, they proclaim, are just perfect, and contemplates filling a bag before we go.
Photo: Tekla Perry Testing the SCiO portable analyzer at the Whole Foods dairy case
We move onto the dairy case, where the labels of cellophane-wrapped cheeses provided only price and name. Sharon's smartphone app popped up all sorts of additional information as they pointed the SCiO gadget at different chunks (still in their wrapping), including fat content, calories per gram, and protein content.
On the way to Whole Foods, we stopped outside a restaurant where two women were having brunch, and asked them if we could scan their food before they ate it. Sharon told them the strawberries would be excellent (they women agreed they were), but the whipped cream would be abnormally sweet, there was so much sugar in it wasn't recognizable as dairy (it was).
It was all pretty magical, pointing a gadget at food and getting an instant analysis. To be fair, I can't verify the accuracy of what I was seeing on the screen; I didn't take the fruits and cheeses back to a laboratory to confirm the analysis using more traditional technology. But it certainly seemed real, real enough that I would be pretty excited to have this kind of technology built into my smart phone, given I have my phone out anyway when I'm grocery shopping to scan shelf tags in order to download coupons. And Sharon promises it is indeed coming into phones—as soon as the third quarter of this year in China, fourth quarter in the United States.
Here's how SCiO works—and why it exists.
Photo: Tekla Perry These apples should be pretty good
The gadget uses standard infrared spectroscopy; it measures the absorption of infrared light. It may not be as accurate as a benchtop spectrometer used in a laboratory environment, but Sharon says it makes up for this with its algorithms. The user starts out by simplifying the problem a bit by identifying the category of the item to be examined—it's not “What fruit is this,” but, “This is an apple, is it any good?” Consumer Physics' cloud-based software then taps into its knowledge base, for an apple, it defines “good” as “sweet” (hence the Brix measurement), and considers an apple's typical range of sweetness based on thousands of scans. A graphic on the phone then places the apple on a quality range.
Besides having data on most fruits and vegetables, the system also knows about dairy products; for those, it provides information on calories and fat content. And it knows about the cocoa content of chocolate, the amount of alcohol in drinks, and the protein, fat, and calories in raw fish, poultry, beef, and pork. And while, to date, the focus has been on food, Sharon stresses that the technology works with all sorts of materials. The company has started holding workshops for people who want to develop their own databases.
Sharon had been wanting this kind of gadget for a long time before they finally set out to build one. They grew up on a farm in Israel; they were used to eating produce that hadn't been shipped further than across the property. So, when they moved to Massachusetts for business school at MIT (his bachelor's degree is in electrical engineering), they were surprised by just how tasteless they found the produce at local groceries. “The food just didn't taste the same. And when I saw that I was buying grapes from Chile, I was sure something was not right about them.”
They decided that they should get themselves something to determine whether or not the food in the stores was any good before they bought it, so they logged onto Amazon and searched for such a gadget. They didn't find one. Disappointed, they resigned themselves to occasionally buying tasteless produce or traveling 30 miles to a grocer they discovered that they could trust.
But about five years later, in 2010, after a few years working in the U.S. and then moving back to Israel, they came back to the idea. There ought to be a scanner that could give you useful information about the food you are about to buy, they insisted. They teamed up with Damian Goldring, a friend from their undergraduate days with a PhD in silicon photonics, and the two started investigating sensing technologies that, potentially, could be built into a phone. They landed on infrared spectrometry, and, in 2011, started Consumer Physics. In mid-2012, they rented one of those expensive, luggable, commercial spectrometers for a day and demonstrated to a large cellular service provider that the technology could be used to analyze food, doing a demo on chocolate mixtures that looked the same, but had different substances mixed in, like regular butter and peanut butter. “We're going to put this into a phone,” Sharon said. (The company didn't fund them.)
Photo: Tekla Perry Don't buy these tomatoes
Sharon and Goldring may not have convinced that company, but they had convinced themselves, and began working on the technology, first on their own dime, and then with a little money from angel investors and crowd-sourced funding from OurCrowd. In early 2014, they were convinced enough that they could deliver the technology as a small Bluetooth peripheral—not inside a phone quite yet, but pretty close—to launch a Kickstarter campaign, pitching a $200 portable infrared spectrometer. Some 13,000 people signed up, ponying up about $2.7 million.
Things from Kickstarter funding to shipped product were not exactly smooth sailing. Come September of 2016, we reported that only 5000 of the Kickstarter backers had received products, far later than originally estimated, and many of the remaining backers were angry. To make things worse, the backers could no longer communicate with the company via Kickstarter, the page had been taken down in a trademark dispute over the name “SCiO”.
What happened? Sharon says the delays were due to manufacturing challenges, as well as a redesign to improve sensitivity, resistance to ambient light, and penetration depth. And the company has now fulfilled almost all of its Kickstarter orders, with the exception of customers who haven't yet provided shipping addresses, have unique shipping requirements, or are choosing to wait for a Special Edition version of the gadget—that's fewer than 10 percent of the backers, Sharon says.
But while the Kickstarter rollout was more than normally bumpy, the company's efforts to get venture funding have born, well, fruit. After picking up some funding from angel investors and people using crowdfunding platform OurCrowd, Consumer Physics closed a round of venture investment led by Khosla Ventures. To date, Sharon said, funding totals over $25 million.
Photo: Tekla Perry Thanks to Analog Devices, the SCiO technology can now fit inside a smart phone
The company also lined up some critical partnerships: with Analog Devices, which worked with the company to reduce the size of the sensor package into something that will easily fit into smartphones and is manufacturing this version of the device; and with Chinese phone manufacturer Changhong, which will be incorporating the technology in the Changhong H2 smartphone starting in China in the third quarter of this year and in the U.S. towards the end of 2017. Consumers in China, Sharon points out, are particularly interested in checking food safety, given the history of problems with the food supply. Sharon hopes other smartphone manufacturers will follow, turning using a phone to scan food as common a practice as using one to photograph food.
Consumer Physics now has about 100 employees, with corporate offices in San Francisco, a sales team based in the Midwestern United States, and a development team in Israel. Dozens of people are scanning food 24/7, Sharon said, to increase the kinds of food that can be analyzed as well as the accuracy of the analysis.
While the initial applications surround food, Sharon says that the technology is not just for checking out food freshness and nutritional information; it's good at analyzing body fat, and distinguishing real pharmaceuticals from their fake counterparts. “We've done a demo that distinguishes real Viagra from fake Viagra,” says Sharon. “That's the most commonly counterfeited drug.”
Consumer Physics has, to date, shipped more than 3000 developer kits, and is hoping some interesting consumer applications will emerge. One such in the works by French company Terallion, Sharon said, is a kitchen scale, intended for diabetics, that can use SCiO's analysis to allow it to give users accurate information about protein and carbohydrate content of the food they are about to eat. The company is also working directly with industrial partners, in particular, with those working to develop tools for digital agriculture.
With everything that has recently been going on in the Bitcoin world, especially in China, it is easy to overlook the progress that is being made, and the positive developments that are released. However, two recent developments cannot be ignored.
Yelp Identifies Bitcoin Accepting Businesses
Yelp, the most active, and largest, online business search engine and reviewing website, now identifies businesses that accept Bitcoin. This is a huge boon to these businesses, as accepting Bitcoin has already been linked to significantly increased sales, and even larger profit margins. Users of Bitcoin will now have the ability to easily sort through local businesses that will accept their coins, and this will help to show the world the true power of Bitcoin. If other Bitcoin users are like myself, and I know that many are, they will be intentionally picking out Bitcoin accepting businesses in their area to support.
This move by Yelp will likely increase the user base of Yelp itself as well, as individuals in the Bitcoin community that previously had no reason to use their service have now become interested in it. Then, with all of these points combined, the advantage that Bitcoin offers to businesses is approaching the point of game-changing competitive advantage. By limiting profit loss due to chargebacks and payment processing fees, businesses that operate in industries based on high volume, but very small profit margins, may gain the ability to lower prices to a point that would cause losses for competitors that are not accepting Bitcoin. Once that begins, it should signal an expansion in acceptance of Bitcoin at a rate beyond anything experienced before.
Bloomberg Is Covering Bitcoin
On April 30, Bloomberg announced that the “Bloomberg Professional service” will now include Bitcoin pricing data and charts, which is great for day traders, while also offering the ability to track the latest news and social media posts. Even though Bloomberg has stated that it is,”not endorsing or guaranteeing Bitcoin,” this is still a huge vote of confidence in the idea of digital currency. Bloomberg is an incredibly important facet of the financial, and trading, world. This move is, effectively, stating that a large enough portion of their user base, which includes nearly every investor, stock broker, professional in the financial industry, and the majority of the business world as a whole, is interested in Bitcoin, and would like it integrated into Bloomberg's services.
The legitimacy this brings to Bitcoin cannot be expressed in words. An incredible number of investors have been on the fence about Bitcoin for a very long time, and Bloomberg may very well be the push needed to bring these individuals into the market, along with a huge injection of funds to expand the market. Bloomberg's acceptance may also have a positive effect on elected officials, regulators, and other government employee that can influence the rules being put into place to regarding the regulation of digital currencies. The repercussions of this move may not be immediately obvious, but the long term impact on the image of Bitcoin should be carefully observed.
What is Next for Bitcoin?
After these two announcements in such a short period of time, there is a good chance that we may see more large companies jumping on board soon. How soon is unknown, but I guarantee that many business owners, andor executives, are now working out the math, and will soon see that the potential gains, from accepting Bitcoin, are so incredible that it cannot be ignored.
With the Justice Department desperate to rehabilitate its image as a diligent prosecutor of financial fraud, securing headlines along the lines of “the largest fine against a single company in history” is a lifeline. In a tentative deal, the Department would force JPMorgan Chase to pay a $9 billion fine and commit $4 billion to mortgage relief, to settle multiple investigations into their mortgage-backed securities business. The bank stands accused of knowingly selling investors mortgage bonds backed by loans that didn't meet quality control standards outlined in its investment materials. JPMorgan Chase wants to “pay for peace” in this deal, ending all civil litigation around mortgage-backed securities by state and federal law enforcement, though at least one criminal case would remain open.
But for the Justice Department to truly start fresh, and fulfill their mission of stopping corporate fraud and preventing it from occurring again, they will have to compel JPMorgan to admit full liability for deliberately selling rotten mortgage securities. And here, federal agencies have revealed themselves as more interested in extracting public relations value by getting banks to admit something resembling wrongdoing, rather than forcing them to confess more widespread transgressions which would increase their legal exposure. Though agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have announced “get-tough” procedures on extracting admissions of wrongdoings in financial fraud settlements, in practice they serve as nothing more than insincere apologies.
Even massive fines, like in the mortgage-backed securities case, are not sufficient as deterrents against illegal corporate behavior that harms the public. JPMorgan has dedicated reserves to pay such fines, and the cash essentially comes out of the pockets of shareholders in the form of lower dividends and a reduced stock price. While corporate executives invested in their own company have a lot to lose there, so do relatively innocent holders of index funds that happen to include JPMorgan stock. Moreover, $3.5 billion of this particular cash settlement may come out of the hide of the FDIC, as part of a dispute over who owns liability for the failed bank Washington Mutual, which JPMorgan bought in 2008. And, the company gets to write off regulatory fines as a tax deduction, saving billions more. Finally, if this deal works like those drawn up by the feds in the past, the $4 billion in mortgage relief is hardly a punishment, allowing the bank to get credit for routine actions in its financial interest—modifying loans for borrowers brings in more money than foreclosing on them, for example, and donating homes they cannot sell frees them from maintenance and upkeep (JPMorgan recently donated $250 million in homes). So what looks like a debilitating $13 billion penalty is actually much lower, with no meaningful impact on future behavior.
The real exposure here for JPMorgan Chase concerns whether they will have to admit they knowingly sold mortgage securities to investors backed by shoddy loans. That's because a damaging admission could be used as evidence in private litigation from investors worldwide, many of whom are actively suing JPMorgan and other banks. With mortgage-backed securities a multi-trillion-dollar market, this would defeat the purpose of a “pay for peace” deal, and cause many more headaches for the bank than it relieves. Outside of actually sending executives to jail, forcing serious admissions of wrongdoing in the settlements would create the best deterrent for future misconduct; if outside entities can capitalize on them and sue for damages, the crime would no longer pay.
JPMorgan Chase has conceded wrongdoing in regulatory actions recently. Earlier this month, they had to admit guilt in a $100 million settlement with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and a $200 million settlement with the SEC, both over the “London Whale” trades, the bad derivatives bets that lost the bank over $6 billion and cost them over $1 billion in fines in all. The admissions are part of a new strategy by Mary Jo White, the new chairperson of the SEC, to force companies accused of wrongdoing to declare guilt. Prior settlements allowed firms to “neither admit nor deny” the allegations that formed the complaint, turning regulatory enforcement into a mere cost of doing business. White vowed to stop using “neither admit nor deny” language in many of its enforcement actions. This has bolstered the resolve of other agencies, like the CFTC, to force their own admissions of culpability.
Unfortunately, in practice, the admissions of wrongdoing appear to be an end unto themselves, not a way to advance legal woes for misconduct. The wording in JPMorgan's settlement with the SEC, for example, was carefully crafted to only relate to a lapse in internal risk management controls, such as a failure to ensure that public disclosures to investors were accurate. These comprise violations of federal regulations, and only the government could sue on the basis of these admissions, not outside litigants. Similarly, the JPMorgan settlement with the CFTC, which was softened through negotiations, only states that traders “acted recklessly” in making an aggressive series of trades that moved market prices. While this focuses on the actual trading practices of the bank instead of internal corporate governance practices, failing to force an admission of market manipulation, only the reckless use of “manipulative devices,” means that other participants in the market could not use the CFTC settlement to raise their own cases. JPMorgan Chase also limited the admission of reckless conduct to one trading day, February 29, 2012, with the bank neither admitting nor denying wrongdoing on subsequent trading. So a market participant would have to claim that they were in the market on February 29, and took losses that they were unable to recoup as a result of those activities. This raises the bar significantly for private lawsuits.
All of this makes the employment of admissions of wrongdoing more symbolic than legitimate. While it may be nice for Mary Jo White to say that they forced JPMorgan Chase to concede guilt, it doesn't materially affect the bank's legal exposure in any way. After all, the bank only had to admit to securities law violations that it already settled. The real victims of the misconduct—investors who were lied to about the stability of the bank's trades—are out of luck. And this is not an isolated incident—Bloomberg's Jonathan Weil noticed the use of a meaningless admission of guilt in the SEC's settlement with hedge fund trader Philip Falcone, with language assuring that, despite the admission, Falcone retained the “right to take legal or factual positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which the commission is not a party.”
Meanwhile, the SEC continues to use “neither admit nor deny” language in other settlements. And they've been credibly accused of padding their stats by targeting low-level offenders for enforcement actions, many on the final day of September in an effort to boost their total number of cases for the last fiscal year. This paints a dispiriting picture of White's tenure, concerned more with maintaining a positive public image and following through on a “get-tough” promise, rather than actually getting tough.
So if and when the Justice Department secures this deal with JPMorgan Chase, looking at the fine print will be crucial. Will the DOJ follow the lead of the SEC and CFTC, and generate admissions of wrongdoing that look good in headlines but have no actual value? Or will they force a serious admission, aiding the multiple active lawsuits from investors in mortgage-backed securities?
Perhaps the Justice Department will fall back on their retaining the ability for criminal prosecutions to excuse a toothless admission of wrongdoing. But a criminal lawsuit out of California has apparently been set to go since late September without being filed. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon's charm offensive has forestalled any damaging actions so far. To date, the only criminal prosecution of the bank over its string of misdeeds comes out of Italy, and it's too small of a case to matter to the bank's bottom line.
If this deal will be used by the Justice Department as a model for future cases, as reports suggest, then they must force JPMorgan Chase to explicitly state the reason they're paying $9 billion and committing $4 billion in mortgage relief. Part of the role of regulators and law enforcement is to compel enough of a price for bad behavior to prevent it from ever happening again. Extracting unusable admissions that amount to statements of negligence only serves to try and shame the bad actors, which when it comes to Wall Street is a fairly impossible act.
The 501 Züm Queen will service the Vaughan Metropolitian Centre and York University
The 501A/C Züm Queen will continue to service York University (no changes to existing stops)
The 501 Züm Queen stop is located along Highway 7, near the entrance to the subway station. Note: There will be a minor route change to 501 Züm Queen - it will no longer service YRT/Viva stations on Interchange Way at Highway 7 and Jane Street. It will service YRT bus stop on Jane Street at Interchange Way.
501 Züm Queen will go Highway 7 to Jane Street, then continue on to York University, stopping at it's existing stop location.
Once the Viva Rapidway is complete, 501 Züm Queen will service the rapidway and stairs leading to the subway station.
The York University subway station is located at Ian MacDonald Boulevard and York Boulevard. Züm buses can be accessed from bus stops located on Ian MacDonald Bouelvard (where existing bus stops are located).
Trains will operate every 2 - 5 minutes, depending on the time of day.
Yes, all new subway stations and terminals are made accessible.
501 Züm Queen From Downtown Terminal to Vaughan Metropolitan Centre: approx. 65 minutes
From Downttown Terminal to York University: approx. 85 minutes From Bramalea Terminal to Vaughan Metropolitan Centre: approx. 50 minutes
From Bramalea Terminal to York University: approx. 70 minutes 501A Züm Queen From Downtown Terminal to York University: approx. 60 minutes
From Bramalea Terminal to York University: approx. 45 minutes 501C Züm Queen From Bramalea Terminal to York University: approx. 45 minutes
Yes, you can use your PRESTO card; all six stations will have PRESTO readers.
Yes, you will need to pay an additional fare to get on the subway.
Yes, you will need to pay an additional fare to get on the Züm bus.
We assign a lot of bandwidth to the FiveThirtyEight presidential forecast model, but that doesn't mean it's the only thing you should look at to get a sense for where the election is headed. So it's time for a quick gut-check. How does the FiveThirtyEight model — where Barack Obama's probability of winning the Electoral College recently ticked above 70 percent — compare against alternative means of forecasting the election?
There are a number of other statistical forecasting systems, most of which rely on polls, economic variables or some combination thereof.
I tracked down about every one of these models that I could find, subject to the condition that it couched its forecast in probabilistic terms (or that it was well-documented enough to allow this to be inferred with relative ease, like from the standard error that the model stated).
In my view, it's in estimating the uncertainty in a forecast where most of the challenge and intrigue lies. To paraphrase Charles Barkley, any knucklehead can make a point prediction — but it takes brains to calculate a confidence interval.
These models are all over the map, forecasting everything from a nearly certain Obama victory to the substantial likelihood of their defeat. But more of them have Mr. Obama as the favorite. If you simply average their win probability estimates together, you get about a 61 percent likelihood of theirs winning the election.
This calculation combines models that estimate Mr. Obama's chances of winning the popular vote (there are marked with “P.V.” in the chart) and those that make an Electoral College forecast. I list the FiveThirtyEight forecast twice since it provides both estimates.
The methods that make an Electoral College forecast are rather bullish on Mr. Obama — but be a little careful about reading too much from that. I do think Mr. Obama has a modest advantage in the Electoral College relative to the popular vote. But it isn't more than modest: Mr. Obama is almost certain to lose the Electoral College if they lose the popular vote by more than a percentage point or two. Most of the models that make popular vote forecasts are more driven by economic factors, while those that make Electoral College picks rely more on polls, so they are not necessarily comparable.
The table also contains a couple of comparatively simple methods for forecasting the election. One, which I call “just G.D.P.,” is derived from looking at the growth rate of real gross domestic product in the first three economic quarters of election years since 1948, and comparing it with the incumbent party's margin in the popular vote. As its name implies, the “just G.D.P.” method does not include any other variables apart from G.D.P.
Its companion, “just jobs,” looks at the growth rate of nonfarm payrolls in January through October of the election year, with no other variables or adjustments. For “just G.D.P.” and “just jobs,” I use consensus forecasts from The Wall Street Journal's forecasting panel to fill in the economic numbers for the balance of 2012.
These simple methods predict a win for Mr. Obama — but with a lot of hesitation, by about 1 percentage point in the national popular vote. That translates to about a 55 percent chance of a popular vote victory, given the standard error in the models. It's not precisely even, but close enough that poker players would call it a “coin flip.”
As for the rest of the models — as longtime readers will know, I've sometimes had harsh things to say about them. But really, I think they fall into about four different categories:
1) Models that are basically well designed. 2) Models that fall into the category of “if you can't say anything nice, don't get into a flame war on Twitter about them.” 3) Models that are overly simplistic, but that form useful benchmarks precisely because of their simplicity. (“Just jobs” and “just G.D.P.” fall into this category, along with some of the others.) 4) Models that provide sensible projections of the margin between the candidates, and which are useful for that purpose, but which don't do a very good job of translating that into probabilities.
What's interesting, however — and perhaps not entirely coincidental — is that if you do take the average estimate from these models (Mr. Obama with just slightly better than a 60 percent chance of victory as of late Monday night), it almost exactly matches the consensus of gambling odds from different betting markets and bookmakers.
The second chart, below, provides a list of these. I looked up the odds for Mr. Obama and Mitt Romney at various futures markets, and at different sports books.
For this chart, I've provided two sets of numbers: the columns labeled “raw odds” list the numbers as-is from the betting sites, while the columns labeled “adjusted odds” tweak them so that the collective win probabilities for Mr. Obama and Mr. Romney add up to exactly 100 percent. (Why don't the numbers add up to 100 percent to begin with? In the case of the futures markets, because they assign a small probability to candidates like Ron Paul or Hillary Rodham Clinton winning the election; for the sports books, because the unadjusted odds provide for a cut to the betting house and are intrinsically slightly disadvantageous to the bettor.)
The sports books are a smidgen more bullish on Mr. Obama than the betting markets. But both gravitate to a win probability of about 61 or 62 percent on an adjusted basis, just as the average of statistical methods do.
You do see that these markets aren't terribly efficient. Mr. Obama's win percentage is about four percentage points higher at Betfair than at Intrade, for instance, the two most liquid futures markets. And various sports books peg their odds anywhere from 59 percent to 68 percent, on an adjusted basis. In theory, there could be arbitrage opportunities based on the differences between these numbers.
The FiveThirtyEight model was quite close to the consensus until recently, but has now become a bit more bullish on Mr. Obama's chances, listing their Electoral College odds at slightly over 70 percent — instead of slightly over 60 percent, as the consensus does.
I sometimes get asked whether I bet money on my forecasts — I don't, since I would consider it a conflict of interest — or failing that, whether I would recommend a bet on them relative to the odds on offer at Intrade or Betfair.
My answer is probably unsatisfying. I think modeling a presidential election is a pretty hard problem. I think futures markets and sports books (like markets of any kind) can certainly go wrong. But I also think that the statistical methods can go wrong: all of them rely on a set of assumptions and choices made by the forecaster.
Some choices, in my view, are clearly better than others. One or two of the statistical methods, for instance, assumes that the outcome in each state is independent of the outcome in the next one. Ohio might move in one direction — and Michigan, just as easily, in the opposite one.
That's simply not a credible assumption. The failure to appreciate correlations in risk is one of the things that led to the recent financial crisis. A change in economic conditions, or a substantial gaffe or scandal in the campaign, is likely to be reflected to some degree in all states, and move all of their numbers in the same direction. Our model assumes that the uncertainty in different states is largely, but not entirely, correlated. If you believe the contrary, you probably ought not be let anywhere near a job function in which you are asked to manage risk — although the credit-ratings agencies might be happy to hire you.
These pet peeves aside, elections forecasting is a challenging problem. More often, the assumptions in a model are intrinsically going to be educated guesses rather than being demonstrably right or wrong.
So my default is this: Bet on Vegas relative to the FiveThirtyEight model, but bet on the FiveThirtyEight model relative to Vegas. If you take the average between the FiveThirtyEight model and the consensus betting lines, you'd get about a two-in-three chance of Mr. Obama winning another term.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE holds a 19-point lead over their closest challenger ahead of Tuesday's primary in Michigan, according to a new poll.
ADVERTISEMENT
The NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released Sunday morning shows Trump with 41 percent support among likely Republican primary voters in the state. Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (Texas) follows with 22 percent, Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (Fla.) has 17 percent and Ohio Gov. John Kasich has 13 percent.
The results stand in contrast to an ARG poll released Saturday that showed Kasich inching ahead of Trump, 33 to 31 percent.
Trump's lead in a new poll more closely reflects the RealClearPolitics average of Michigan polls, which shows the real estate mogul leading the Texas senator, 35.4 to 18.2 percent.
NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist pollsters found Trump leading among men, women, Republicans, independents, moderate GOP primary voters, conservatives and evangelicals in Michigan.
Trump, however, would lose hypothetical general election match-ups in Michigan to both Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE and Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.), according to the poll.
Clinton would top Trump, 52 to 36 percent, while Sanders would win 56 to 34 percent.
The NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll was conducted between March 1 and 3 and has a 4.5 percent margin of error.
Dianne Feinstein Won't Let Declassified Facts Get In The Way Of Defending 'Professional' NSA Personnel
from it's-not-as-if-this-info-is-hard-to-find,-what-with-the-internet-and-all dept
It appears Dianne Feinstein can't be bothered to read (or be read to via briefings) the latest ODNI releases in order to stay on top of the situation she's supposedly overseeing. In Mike's article about their most recent defense of the NSA (TL;DF: "The NSA would never abuse its powers because it's staffed with 'professionals.'"), they made the following claim:
And this goes to where this metadata goes. Because the N.S.A. are professionals. They are limited in number to 22 who have access to the data. Two of them are supervisors. They are vetted. They are carefully supervised.
Subject to the restrictions and procedures below, up to 125 analysts may be authorized to access the BR metadata for purposes of obtaining foreign intelligence information through contact chaining [xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx] ("queries") using telephone identifiers, as described in the [xxxxx] Declaration at paragraphs 8-13.
The Court understands that for purposes of analytical efficiency a copy of meta data obtained pursuant to the Court's Orders in this matter will be stored in the same database with data obtained pursuant to other authorities and data provided to NSA from other sources. Access to such records shall be strictly limited in accordance with the procedures set forth in paragraphs A-G.
But that's simply not true. First off, many of the documents note thatmembers of the NSA hold the power to approve queries and contact chaining. Being off by a single person isn't a big deal. Recent personnel changes could have temporarily reduced that number to 22. (However, the number does hold steady at 23 in the boilerplate attached to many of the orders spanning 2008-2011.)Where she'swrong is the number of people who haveto the metadata. Here's what the court order from Feb. 2010 says That's quite a few more than Dianne Feinstein admits to while trying to downplay instances of abuse by NSA personnel. The fewer analysts you have dipping into the data, the fewer chances you have of someone abusing their powers. But 22 sounds a lot more careful than "up to 125." Twenty-two people may be approving queries, but many, many more analysts have access to the metadata.This number doesn't even include those tasked with organizing the haystack by removing "high-volume identifiers" like restaurants, retail outlets and other businesses that are used by many people but hold very little significance in the contact chain. That isset of analysts with access, the number of which has yet to be publicized.In addition, these analysts (number unclear but certainly more than the 22/23 authorized to make query decisions) have access tothan phone metadata. Another document from the ODNI release (Jan. 2008) points out that the NSA dumps all of its collections (Section 702 is mentioned specifically earlier in the order but others are alluded to) into one big pile -- a pile these "professionals"have access to.So, it's not just metadata abuse we need to worry about. The potential exists for these approved analysts to abuse nearly everything the NSA collects. Obviously, walls between collections would make intelligence gathering much more difficult, but Dianne Feinstein and the other members of the NSA pep squad need to get their facts right before making statements so easily proven false.This is the famous oversight we've heard so much about (which seems to fill any remaining lung space not taken by 9/11 invocations): it starts out wrong and gets worse. It can't even stay current with documents released to the great unwashed (i.e., constituents) and that are for all intents and purposes. There's nothing "new" here as everything released this past week dates from 2006-2011. If anything, Dianne Feinstein should be 2-7 years ahead of the rest of us. Instead, they open their mouth to release canned defensive statements and removes all doubt that "NSA oversight" is nothing more than distorted jingoism that mistakes subservience to the surveillance state for patriotism.
Filed Under: dianne feinstein, metadata, nsa, surveillance
Liverpool youth trio Kevin Stewart, Ben Woodburn & Trent Alexander-Arnold are all set to sign new contracts with the club.
Reds manager Jurgen Klopp has proved their faith in youth throughout their 12 months on Merseyside so far, and each of Stewart, Woodburn and Alexander-Arnold all played a key role for the first team during pre-season.
While they are yet to break through into the senior side on a regular basis, Klopp looks to have acknowledged their importance to the club's future, with a slew of new contracts in the offing.
According to the Mail‘s Joe Bernstein, Stewart, Woodburn and Alexander-Arnold will all be confirmed to have signed new deals in the near future.
This comes despite Stewart only extending their terms in February, but their strong performances in the second half of 2015/16, and the positive signs shown against the likes of Barcelona over the summer and on the training ground this season, have clearly spurred another renewal.
Stewart is said to have agreed a deal that will keep them at Anfield until 2021, adding a further year onto their current contract.
Meanwhile, 17-year-old Woodburn is due to put pen to paper on their first professional contract with the club, which the Liverpool Echo have previously reported to be a three-year deal—the longest possible for a player their age.
Alexander-Arnold, 18, signed their first professional deal this time last year, but their rapid rise through the ranks has prompted an improved offer from the club.
Both Woodburn and Alexander-Arnold have been promoted to the Liverpool Under-23s on a permanent basis this season, while the latter featured on the substitutes' bench for the Reds' opening-day victory over Arsenal in the Premier League in August.
Speaking to This is Anfield in September, Alexander-Arnold highlighted their ambition to break through to the senior squad under Klopp.
“[I need to] keep working hard, keep trying to learn and do the right things and try and do the things in training [Klopp] wants me to do,” they explained.
“With time I'll mature and then I should be fighting for places.”
This new contract could be the next step towards doing so, as Liverpool look to tie down their most promising young players and secure the future of the club for the long term.
Emily Lakdawalla • November 23, 2016
Schiaparelli investigation update; crash site in color from HiRISE
ESA issued an update on the Schiaparelli landing investigation today, identifying a problem reading from an inertial measurement unit as the proximate cause of the crash. The landing had proceeded nominally through the deployment of the parachute and release of the heat shield, but then the problem with the gyroscope made Schiaparelli think it had already landed. ESA's statement elaborates:
As Schiaparelli descended under its parachute, its radar Doppler altimeter functioned correctly and the measurements were included in the guidance, navigation and control system. However, saturation – maximum measurement – of the Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) had occurred shortly after the parachute deployment. The IMU measures the rotation rates of the vehicle. Its output was generally as predicted except for this event, which persisted for about one second – longer than would be expected. When merged into the navigation system, the erroneous information generated an estimated altitude that was negative – that is, below ground level. This in turn successively triggered a premature release of the parachute and the backshell, a brief firing of the braking thrusters and finally activation of the on-ground systems as if Schiaparelli had already landed. In reality, the vehicle was still at an altitude of around 3.7 km. This behaviour has been clearly reproduced in computer simulations of the control system's response to the erroneous information.
Meanwhile, ExoMars Trace Gas Orbiter is operating its science instruments for the first time this week. I can't wait to see the first CASSIS images!
The two Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter HiRISE images of the landing site taken after the crash are now available in their calibrated form. Together they form a stereo pair covering the landing site.
ExoMars EDM Landing Site in Meridiani Planum (ESP_048041_1780), taken October 25
Second Image of Schiaparelli Landing Event (ESP_048120_1780), taken November 1, covers lander impact site, backshell and parachute in color
The two have been converted into an anaglyph, but I looked at it and couldn't deduce much except that the landing site is flat.
I worked with the second image in order to produce high-resolution color views of the lander and parachute. Usually, when you work with HiRISE data, it's best to work with map-projected images because then north is up and the scale is fixed and known. But map projection, like any other rotation and scaling operation on digital images, blurs the original data somewhat. So when you're interested with features on the scale of individual pixels, it's worth it to work with the "non-map" data, which represents the pixels as they came off the camera detector. Here is the best I could do at revealing detail at the Schiaparelli landing site. You can see the impact crater that it made. I measure it at 11 pixels across -- as the original data have a resolution of 27.8 centimeters per pixel, that's just about exactly 3 meters.
NASA / JPL / UA / Emily Lakdawalla Schiaparelli backshell and parachute landing location from HiRISE in color The parachute and backshell as seen on November 1, 2016, about two weeks after the crash. The parachute is bright white and slightly folded; the conical shape of the backshell is visible. Image scale is 27.8 cm/pixel; the whole image is 234 meters square. Inset at lower left shows the same image enlarged by a factor of 5, preserving original HiRISE pixels. The parachute and backshell as seen on November 1, 2016, about two weeks after the crash. The parachute is bright white and slightly folded; the conical shape of the backshell is visible. Image scale is 27.8 cm/pixel; the whole image is 234 meters square. Inset at lower left shows the same image enlarged by a factor of 5, preserving original HiRISE pixels.
NASA / JPL / UA / Emily Lakdawalla Schiaparelli lander crash site from HiRISE in color The landing site as seen on November 1, 2016, about two weeks after the crash. Color and grayscale data have been combined to emphasize the shape of the impact crater, dark ejecta from the impact/explosion, and bright fragments of the lander. Image scale is 27.8 cm/pixel; the whole image is 234 meters square. The landing site as seen on November 1, 2016, about two weeks after the crash. Color and grayscale data have been combined to emphasize the shape of the impact crater, dark ejecta from the impact/explosion, and bright fragments of the lander. Image scale is 27.8 cm/pixel; the whole image is 234 meters square.
NASA / JPL / UA / Emily Lakdawalla Schiaparelli crash site (300% enlarged detail) Original HiRISE data has been enlarged with nearest-neighbor sampling, so individual pixel edges are still visible. Original pixels are 27.8 centimeters across. Original HiRISE data has been enlarged with nearest-neighbor sampling, so individual pixel edges are still visible. Original pixels are 27.8 centimeters across.
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
Polarizing bill approved in state budget to stop charging 16- and 17-year-olds as adults, sparing teens of criminal records: ‘I lost some years of my life back there'
When Anjelique Wadlington was arrested at 17 after their older boyfriend persuaded them to sell some cocaine, they expected repercussions.
What they didn't expect was being sent to an adult prison in upstate New York where they witnessed fellow inmates being slashed and gang-raped by other women.
“A girl tried to cut me and another woman would stalk me in the shower. As long as it wasn't a big fight breaking out, the guards didn't care,” they said, before a fellow inmate serving time for murder decided to protect them
Wadlington came home to Long Island at 19 and tried to get their life together, but soon faced the disappointment of being turned down for job after job because of their felony record, even though they interviewed well.
If they had been punished as the juvenile they are, they would have had a sealed youth offender record afterwards, not an adult criminal record.
New York is one of only two states in the US that automatically charges 16- and 17-year-olds as adults. The other is North Carolina. But that is about to change.
North Carolina governor Roy Cooper last month threw their weight behind efforts to change the law in that state.
And on Sunday New York approved legislation in the state budget to raise the age of criminal responsibility to 18.
Governor Andrew Cuomo said the reform “was a lightning rod, politically polarizing and probably the most difficult part of the budget”.
Opponents in Albany, led by Republicans but with some renegade Democrats, had argued that changing the process would waste money, overload the juvenile system and threaten the public.
“What you call ‘raise the age', I call the gang recruitment act,” Republican assemblyman Al Graf said during debates.
But in rallying support for the legislation, Cuomo said: “Putting aside the fact that psychologists will testify that 16- and 17-year-olds often are not mentally mature, the reality of putting a 16- or 17-year-old in the same facility as hardened adult criminals is, on its face, cruel and unusual.
“We know what happens,” they said, alluding to research on juveniles in adult facilities. “[They] are five times more likely to be sexually assaulted, twice as likely to be assaulted by staff, and 36 more times likely to commit suicide.”
Even now, at 31, Wadlington is struggling to land a new job in Florida, where they want to move from New York, because they are followed wherever they go by an indelible criminal record. This is despite having built up their resume with a job as an office manager, and experience giving talks at the White House and the United Nations about youth justice.
The justice system helped take them away from drugs, for which they are grateful, they said, but the harsh and public nature of being punished as an adult was detrimental in the short and longer term, they believe.
“When I came home from prison, it felt like everything was broken. I did such damage to my family, put a strain on my parents' marriage and made my mom's heart and diabetes problems worse,” they said.
Kelvin Lazaro, who spent time in jail for fighting in Brooklyn just before their 16th birthday, said they felt that most opponents of raising the age of criminal responsibility “have never been affected or had their family affected by the system. They can't feel what others are going through, so they think it's just not their problem”.
'Belly of the beast': former inmates hail New York plan to close Rikers Island jail Read more
They said that younger teenagers should never end up in Rikers Island and adult prisons. New York City mayor Bill de Blasio last week announced their intention to close down the vast Rikers jail complex, which is notorious for an entrenched culture of violence.
Lazaro, now 28, vividly remembers being beaten up by fellow inmates because they were the new boy.
They later took part in the New York-based Herstory Writers Project, where they wrote that, as Inmate 36, “I never felt more alone in my life”, stuck in their cell for 22 hours a day with “no books, no paper, no pen, nothing to pass the time”.
They eventually pled to a reduced charge and was released on probation but found that, returning to Brooklyn, they were constantly afraid or angry, and stayed at home, missing school.
“I was already labeled a criminal in my neighborhood and at school. At that age, when someone tells you something over and over, that's what you believe you are and then you become it,” they said.
They went out only at night, to the streets, and fell straight back in with the gangs that dominated their area.
The Raise the Age NY campaign, a coalition of advocacy and civil rights groups, said 28,000 16- and 17-year-olds face being prosecuted as adults in the state every year, the vast majority for minor crimes, according to state government statistics.
Under the new system, those cases will be dealt with in family court and new youth courts, and the teens will be be housed in juvenile detention, not adult prison or jail. The changes will take effect over several years.
When Lazaro broke the terms of their probation for the second time, they were offered a long-term education and social rehabilitation course.
They belatedly got their GED, then their bachelor's degree in 2015 and is now working as a truck driver for a demolition company, saving up to study for a master's degree.
In the event they achieve their masters, Lazaro wants to be a social worker, helping juveniles at risk.
“I lost some years of my life back there,” they said.
It appears that the man who murdered the Russian ambassador to Turkey has helped safeguard President Erdoğan on several occasions since the July coup attempt.
© REUTERS / Umit Bektas No Happy Ending: Ambassador's Murder Reprisal for Victory in Syria
Mevlut Mert Altintas, a 22-years old Turkish police officer who murdered Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov at an art gallery exhibition opening in Ankaraon on December 19, was part of law enforcement forces that provided security at least eight events attended by the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan since July 15, according to the Turkish daily newspaper Hurriyet
It should be noted, however, that while Altintas did participate in these events, they were not a member of Erdoğan's security detail.
The newspaper also points out that just prior to the coup attempt on July 15, Altintas called in sick, and it remains unclear exactly what they were doing during that time when the conspirators were attempting to overthrow President Erdoğan.
On Monday, December 19, Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov was shot dead by Turkish police officer Mevlut Mert Altintas at an art gallery exhibition opening in Ankara. Three other people were also injured in the attack. The Russian Foreign Ministry said it considers the incident a terrorist act.
A day later Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu allegedly told Secretary of State John Kerry that Ankara 'knew' that the terrorist organization Fethullah Gulen was behind the ambassador's death. Washington's continued harboring of Gullen, whom Ankara has been accused of plotting the failed Turkish coup plot in July, has led to a significant cooling in Turkish-US relations.
This is a question that is gradually, as time passes, turning into the elephant in the room. Every player in the Blockchain technology space might as well give it thought and, probably, a well thought-out reply. More of that later.
The battle between permissioned and permissionless blockchains appears to be entering a new phase. One that might determine, not only which of the two is a superior version, but also what path the technology as a whole will take going into the future.
Just this week, Linux Foundation announced a list of 30 founding member institutions and companies of the Open Ledger Project, an open source blockchain project it is leading. Some of the names therein include IBM, R3, Hitachi, JPMorgan and Digital Asset Holding.
In addition,-according to a Linux Foundation press release-the Open Ledger Project has a new trademark.
“Digital Asset has donated the trademark for the ‘Hyperledger' name to the Linux Foundation,” the press release explained, “Use of the mark will be managed exclusively by the Governing Board of the Hyperledger Project with the approval of the Linux Foundation.”
In other words, the Open Ledger Project is now officially Hyperledger.
Permissioned or permissionless
Digital Assets acquired Hyperledger, which was a startup specializing in permissioned ledgers that do not have native cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, in June 2015.
Digital Assets itself is a company that was founded by Blythe Masters, a former longtime executive at JPMorgan Chase. With the way things are going, it looks like Digital Assets is at the center of the efforts to build the largest open source permissioned blockchain.
Without getting ahead of ourselves, it is important first to understand what the differences are between permissioned and permissionless blockchain.
The first Blockchain, a decentralized digital ledger, to be successfully put into use is the Bitcoin one. The Bitcoin network, as it is known, is accessible to anyone who wants to join and be part of.
In other words, you do not need permission from anyone in order to run the Bitcoin core software. Thus, the Bitcoin Blockchain is a permissionless, a somehow sexy term for a public blockchain.
On the other hand, several mainstream financial institutions and technology companies have embarked on building blockchains that are not free for anyone to be part of. For these latter versions of the blockchain, you need permission from some form of authority in order for you to join them.
Thus, they are permissioned or, rather, private blockchains.
A perfect analogy but not blueprint
Indeed, the Hyperledger project is in the category of private blockchain. Read further down for some evidence that supports this conclusion.
But first back to the question as to whether the Blockchain, whichever it is, has to copy aspects of the internet.
If you are a keen follower of the Blockchain news, you must have come across many articles, speeches and blog posts that describe the blockchain as some form of internet. Often the difference pointed out is that the blockchain is designed to facilitate transfer of value.
All that is fine and good. Indeed, it is perfectly in order to use the internet to explain how the Blockchain technology works to those who do not have the idea what it is. Analogy has always been the best tool to use when explaining new concepts.
What is not acceptable, however, is to use the internet to define what the Blockchain technology should become or function like in future.
But that is exactly what IBM's Global Blockchain Offering Director John Wolpert did during this year's Blockchain Conference, which took place on the 10^th^ of February in San Francisco.
Fallacious argument
In their keynote speech, they are reported to have put forward the idea that those who believe that the internet is permissionless are mistaken. They seemed to further, building on this foundation, to argue that the Blockchain should be permissioned too, given that the internet is.
“It's amazing how many smart and genius people are behind bitcoin, but [they] miss some logic here,” they pointed out, “[You don't need] to go from trusted to trustless on everything. I think that's an honest disagreement … The Internet is a permissioned walled garden. Anyone heard of ICANN? It's permissive, but it's permissioned.”
At the face value, their statements make a lot of sense. There is no question that looking at the internet from the viewpoint of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), it is somehow a permissioned network.
ICANN is the non-profit body that oversees the policy formulation and guides the technical coordination that results in the smooth functioning of the internet.
It is fallacious, however, for anyone to try to argue that the permissioned blockchain is best placed to serve businesses, institutions and individuals better simply because the internet somehow is permissioned.
And there is my evidence that Hyperledger is a permissioned blockchain. IBM is in the list of companies contributing to the building of the blockchain. Therefore, it is telling enough when John Wolpert argues for the permissioned blockchain.
Permissionless is already tested
With that stated, it is important for anyone to realize that the permissionless blockchain isn't just an idea. It is a proven and tested innovation. Already billion-Dollar worth value is being transferred and managed on it.
An ecosystem of enterprises has continued to grow around it and over a $0.7 billion venture capital has gone into startups building solutions on the permissionless blockchain.
As a matter of fact, the latest Coindesk's State of Bitcoin and Blockchain report indicates that Bitcoin startups in 2015 continued to take the lion's share of the venture funding that goes into the blockchain technology.
It is fare to state that not everyone is giving the public blockchain a benefit of the doubt. This is despite the fact that it is a reliable and secure platform, two things that have not been experienced with decentralized financial systems on the internet before.
With all that said, should the Blockchain Technology imitate the Internet? No, should not. It should instead continue opening opportunities that have not been imaginable up to this time.
Images courtesy of Pixabay and Wikimedia
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is sending a warning to GOP leaders about their dominance in the polls: “You've got to get used to it.”
During an interview with Fox News's Chris Wallace, the billionaire said Republicans are “kidding themselves” if they think they won't secure the GOP nomination.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I say, folks, you know, I'm sorry I did this to you, but you've got to get used to it,” Trump said. “It's one of those little problems in life.”
“I'm going to win. ... You know, I'm not one of these other guys that goes down. I don't go down. I go up.”
Trump's interview with Wallace is set to air Sunday at 6 p.m.
In a postelection interview with the New Yorker, former president Barack Obama opined on the negative effects of social media in the 2016 election, stating that “the capacity to disseminate misinformation, wild conspiracy theories, to paint the opposition in wildly negative light without any rebuttal — that has accelerated in ways that much more sharply polarize the electorate and make it very difficult to have a common conversation.” Obama is not alone in this view. Books by Eli Pariser, Cass Sunstein, and others have popularized the idea that the Internet creates “echo chambers” or “filter bubbles” of like-minded people receiving like-minded information that pushes them to a more extreme stance.
The purported role of the Internet in politics goes beyond political polarization — it has also been cast as an important determinant of election outcomes. Hillary Clinton, in a postelection interview with Recode, argued that Facebook, Russian intervention, and fake news were instrumental in their 2016 election loss. Them recent book, What Happened, contains many similar arguments.
In our work, we use survey data from the American National Election Studies to calculate a set of eight different measures of political polarization that have increased in recent years. These include measures of the prevalence of splitting votes across multiple parties and of the frequency with which individuals hold ideologically consistent views across a range of policy issues. We combine these eight measures into a single index of political polarization. Our index has increased by 28 percent over the past 20 years, and it shows no signs of slowing down.
However, this does not mean the Internet is to blame. To examine this hypothesis empirically, we compare trends in political polarization across demographic groups with high and low propensities to obtain information online. One specific characteristic we focus on is age. In 2016, individuals 65 and older had social media usage rates that were roughly one-third the usage rates of young adults (18–39). Likewise, those in the older group were half as likely to have seen campaign news about the 2016 election online as their younger counterparts.
If access to the Internet or social media use is a primary driver of political polarization among the U.S. electorate, we would expect to see greater changes in polarization among young adults (18–39) than among the old (65 and older). The data, however, tell a different story. The change in our index of political polarization in the past 20 years is twice as large for the old as for young adults, despite the older group using social media and obtaining political information online at substantially lower rates.
These results are robust to restricting the analysis to party affiliates or individuals that express interest in the upcoming election. We also break downtrends by cohort instead of age group and find that the oldest cohort has experienced larger changes in polarization than the youngest cohort. These findings are not unique to the index; seven of the eight individual polarization measures also display larger changes for the old (65 and older) than for young adults (18–39).
When computing a measure of predicted Internet access that takes into account the role of other demographics such as education and race in determining Internet access, we reach a similar conclusion. Individuals who were least likely to have had Internet access displayed greater increases in political polarization over the past 20 years than individuals who were most likely to have had Internet access.
We use the same data and employ a similar methodology to examine the claim that the Internet was instrumental in shaping the 2016 election outcome. Specifically, we compare trends in the Republican presidential vote share across three demographic groupings: between individuals with low and high predicted Internet access; between Internet users and nonusers; and between individuals who observed election information online and those who did not. We find no support for the hypothesis that the Internet was instrumental in determining the 2016 election outcome. Across all three comparisons, we find that Trump did as well as or better than their Republican predecessors among the low Internet groups and as well or worse among the high Internet groups. The 2016 election was the first time that the Republican vote share among the low Internet group was equal to or larger than that among the high Internet group for two of the measures.
These findings are difficult to square with the popular narratives that blame the Internet for political polarization and the rise of a populist president. However, they do not rule them out completely. Trump might have performed more poorly among Internet users absent the technology. It could also be that the Internet has a heterogeneous impact on polarization across age groups, making older individuals substantially more impacted than younger ones. Alternatively, polarization of young adults may have a spillover effect on older adults. This could arise directly via social spillovers or indirectly as polarization of the young causes media outlets or politicians to take more extreme positions. Allowing for these effects increases the potential role of the Internet in explaining recent trends in political polarization, but the amount of heterogeneity and spillovers would need to be quite large, relative to the direct effect, in order for the Internet to be the primary driver. While blaming the Internet for political events or trends may be tempting, we think the data suggest looking elsewhere for root causes.
NOTE:
This research brief is based on Levi Boxell, Matthew Gentzkow, and Jesse M. Shapiro, “Greater Internet Use is Not Associated with Faster Growth in Political Polarization among U.S. Demographic Groups,” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 2017, 114 (40), http://www.pnas.org/content/114/40/10612.abstract; and Levi Boxell, Matthew Gentzkow, and Jesse M. Shapiro, “A Note on Internet Use and the 2016 Election Outcome,” working paper, Stanford University, September 2017, http://web.stanford.edu/~gentzkow/research/trump-note.pdf.
The White House said Friday that the federal budget deficit will fall to $583 billion this year, the smallest deficit of President Obama's tenure and the first to dip below $600 billion since the Great Recession took hold in 2008.
In its midyear review of the nation's finances, the White House predicted that the deficit for the fiscal year that ends in September will be about $66 billion lower than the administration forecast in February.
The improvement is driven primarily by sluggish rates of spending at the Pentagon and other federal agencies, particularly on recovery efforts for Hurricane Sandy. The administration also expects to spend less this year than previously forecast on health insurance subsidies for low-income families under the Affordable Care Act. The price of those subsidies is now predicted to be slightly higher, however, over the coming decade.
While the analysis brought good news for the short term, the outlook for the longer term was less rosy: The White House predicts that the nation's finances will deteriorate markedly over the next decade, with deficits rising nearly $600 billion above previous projections.
The administration attributes the shift almost entirely to tax collections that are now expected to be sharply lower because of slower-than-expected economic growth in the next few years. After an unexpected 2.9 percent drop in gross domestic product in the first quarter of this year, the White House lowered its forecast to 2.6 percent growth for the fiscal year. The administration had predicted 3.3 percent growth.
Officials at the Office of Management and Budget did not respond to requests for comment on the report, which was abruptly released Friday afternoon without the standard warnings to reporters.
In a blog post, Brian Deese, the acting budget director, highlighted the positive, noting that Obama has presided over “the most rapid sustained deficit reduction since World War II.”
When Obama took office in 2009, the economy was in free fall and the budget deficit was soaring toward $1.4 trillion, the first of four consecutive trillion-dollar deficits that drove the national debt to the highest level as a percentage of the economy since the end of World War II.
The economy has since improved, and Obama has signed off on painful but historic spending cuts under pressure from Republicans in Congress. Last year, the deficit was $680 billion. And after nearly three years of all-consuming budget battles, lawmakers heading into midterm elections have taken a break from the contentious work of deficit reduction — at least until next year, when deadlines loom on the debt limit and automatic agency budget cuts known as the sequester.
Democrats hailed Friday's White House deficit forecast, which came on the same day as a Treasury Department announcement that the government recorded a surplus of $71 billion for the month of June.
“Today's report . . . shows once again that our fiscal outlook has improved significantly in the near-term,” Senate Budget Committee Chairman Patty Murray (D-Wash.) said in a statement. “While we need to continue to tackle long-term deficits fairly and responsibly, we have room to focus on other deficits in areas like jobs, innovation, infrastructure, and education.”
Republicans, meanwhile, noted that the long-term outlook remains gloomy, with the national debt forecast to rise to more than $25 trillion by 2024 if Obama's policies are enacted.
On Friday, the debt stood at $17.6 trillion.
Sources: Liverpool product Brooks Lennon to join Real Salt Lake on permanent deal
The U.S. U-20 midfielder is set to sign a deal to stay with RSL side after impressing with the MLS club while on loan from Liverpool
is set to sign Brooks Lennon to a new deal after they impressed in 2017 on loan from , sources confirmed to Goal on Monday.
RSL rode an impressive youth movement to a strong finish to the 2017 season, and has now secured the services of one of the youngsters who helped the club turn things around.
Lennon, 20, followed up a stellar showing for the U.S. at the Under-20 World Cup with a good run with RSL in the second half of the season, finishing the year with three goals and four assists.
Article continues below
A speedy right winger who also saw time as a forward, Lennon faced a battle for playing time with the arrival of Venezuelan playmaker Jefferson Savarino. But RSL's decision to bring them into the fold for the long term is a good sign for the club's academy product, who left the United States to join Liverpool's youth setup in 2015.
Lennon was solid with the Reds' youth teams, but issues relating to their ability to secure a work permit in the U.K. limited their opportunities at Liverpool, which precipitated a loan to RSL.
Lennon's Liverpool contract was due to expire in the summer of 2018, and it remains unclear whether the side let them leave on a free transfer or if RSL paid a fee to have them released from their contract early.
Anyone can see Oakland is going through a transformative economic boom.
The scaffolding and plastic wrapped buildings — symbols of investment — are waiting to be unveiled. But, you don't have to drive too far to see that not all of Oakland is booming. Parts of East Oakland look bleak.
How can that be?
“There's such a lack of investment,” said Liam Chinn, the executive director of Restore Oakland, a nonprofit organization that is opening shop in the area. “I don't see fresh food. I don't see opportunity anywhere.”
Thankfully, that's about to change.
After years of big talk about bringing economic investment to East Oakland, it's finally happening because Restore Oakland, a collaborative of social justice organizations, decided to band together and make it happen.
Restore Oakland is seeking to change East Oakland's fortunes by opening a community advocacy and training center in a renovated building on International Boulevard in the heart of the Fruitvale neighborhood.
The building was purchased by Ella Baker Center for Human Rights and Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, the founding organizations in Restore Oakland. The investment that will have a lasting impact is set to happen inside the building, in what Chinn refers to as a “social justice laboratory.”
The investment will be in the people who live in a part of the city devoid of jobs and economic opportunities. It's the part of the city where promises of development pile up like trash on street corners. It's the part of the city where the lack of resources and opportunities has decimated lives.
At Restore Oakland, people will have a place to go and learn skills that will help lift themselves out of poverty.
When the building opens in 2019, there will be a restaurant that will also be a job training site, a space for restorative justice meetings, a business incubator and a tenants rights clinic.
It will be a one-stop shop for a marginalized community.
What's more, the building owners will provide low-cost rental space for other nonprofit community organizations that have struggled to pay rent and maintain a foothold in the city.
“At a time when not only people are getting pushed out rapidly through gentrification here in the Bay Area, what makes it even more profound in a negative way is that the organizations that are here to fight for them are now also being pushed out,” Chinn said.
Ella Baker, which is focused on breaking incarceration and poverty cycles, has been bouncing around the Bay Area since it was founded 21 years ago. Now the organization has a permanent home — one that it owns.
“We believe that if we're going to have a strong community we need strong, community-centered institutions,” said Zach Norris, Ella Baker's executive director.
Ella Baker's move reminded me of the Greenlining Institute, which purchased and renovated a former bank building on 14th Street in downtown Oakland. Greenlining, which drives economic investments into communities of color, wanted to be anchored in Oakland.
Norris told me that Greenlining mentored Ella Baker during the building-buying process.
“If we aren't a part of the real estate, then we're getting displaced,” Norris said. “If we don't have some level of ownership and stake, it's that much easier to be displaced.”
Causa Justa/Just Cause will have a tenants' rights clinic downstairs next to Colors, ROC United's restaurant and training center for formerly incarcerated people, low-income folks, immigrants and at-risk youth.
La Cocina, a food business incubator primarily for women of color, will open an East Bay location and share the commercial kitchen with ROC United. Other organizations include Community Works West and Restorative Justice for Oakland Youth.
The two-story, 15,000-square-foot building on the corner of 34th Avenue and International Boulevard cost $3 million.
The overall project budget is $16 million. According to Norris, Restore Oakland has raised $11 million through donations from Google, the Novo Foundation and the San Francisco Foundation. Restore Oakland has also received money from Capital One and Telacu through the New Market Tax Credit program, which provides tax credits to private businesses that invest in low-income communities.
“There has been this community recognition that we need restorative justice, and we need economic opportunity to really create safe and equitable communities, but there's starting to be this broader recognition from a broader set of forces to also see that as being a critical pathway towards a safer Oakland,” Norris said.
What excites me most about Restore Oakland is that there's going to be so much social and community-focused power under one roof. Just imagine what could be possible if that power were harnessed.
“We have to have deeper collaborative relationships that go beyond typical coalition building, typical movement building where you come together briefly over one issue and then you disband,” said Chinn, whose job will be to act as a liaison between groups.
Housing, employment and educational disenfranchisement — it's all part of the same economic issue: Communities of color are bereft of opportunity.
East Oakland is long overdue for its own symbol of success.
“I have witnessed the more recent changes that I don't see benefiting all Oaklanders,” said Norris, who was raised at 56th Avenue and MacArthur Boulevard in East Oakland. “Our vision is to really demonstrate that development can happen in the needs and interests of the community.”
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Otis R. Taylor Jr. normally appears Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Email: otaylor@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @otisrtaylorjr
In the NHL, 16 teams make the Stanley Cup Playoffs and 14 teams work on their respective golf games at the end of the regular season. But what if there was a way for those eliminated teams to play on, with something on the line?
The Kontinental Hockey League announced on Tuesday that it's radically reinventing its postseason. Igor Eronko of Sports.ru had the details via Twitter:
Scroll to continue with content Ad
KHL will have consolation tourney this season. Teams that didn't get to the playoffs will fight for $500k prize in playoff format. The decision on consolation came today. It will be called 'Cup of Hope'.
[By the way: $500,000 equals 15 million rubles.]
It's made cause [the] KHL regular championship ends in middle of February and has just 52 games to make everything possible for team Russia in preparations for Sochi as it was requested by [Russian Ice Hockey Federation]. So teams that didn't get to #KHL playoffs could have a bit longer season.
To the winner? According to Eronko, they will be given a draft pick at the next KHL Draft. The details are hazy, but it could be a top pick.
Well that's fun.
According to KHL.ru, the “Cup of Hope” tournament will feature the No. 9 through No. 12 seeds in the Eastern Conference and the No. 9 through No. 14 seeds in the West. The East begins its tournament in the quarterfinal round, while the West will have a qualifying round before quarters.
The KHL will provide funding for the tournament, including the prize pool, the officials and a new “Hope Cup” that the winner will receive. The tournament will last until the end of March.
Story continues
Now, granted, this tournament could be a one-shot deal. The KHL admits that its purpose is to “save the interest of hockey fans and maintaining fitness and tone of the game of hockey players, including the possible candidates for the national team”, and one gets the feeling that the “interest of hockey fans” is secondary to training for the national team.
Still … it's quite an idea.
Consolation brackets are prevalent in many sports tournaments, especially in international competition. (Hell, even “Top Chef” has “Last Chance Kitchen”, and those winners compete in the season finale.) While there's something to be said for the finality of the regular season and the concept of “elimination”, it's hard to argue against an essential craving we all have, which is “more hockey.”
(And an essential craving franchise owners have, which is “fans paying admission well after the season ends.”)
We're not saying a 14-team “losers' bracket” would fly in the NHL, because it wouldn't – many fans treat the League like it's dead to them after their team is knocked out, and we doubt the “Hope Cup” is going to be the flame to their moth.
But let's say there's a tournament that's held not for just a "top pick" but for THE top pick.
But if you're someone that despises the draft lottery, or feels as though the No. 1 pick in the draft shouldn't always go to the most futile team in the League … well then, a mini-tournament between the bottom four teams in the League for the chance to draft first overall has at least some appeal, doesn't it?
Even if it would be the N.I.T. to the Stanley Cup Playoffs' March Madness.
After nearly 20 years and millions of dollars, Palestinian leaders will on Wednesday cut the red ribbon to inaugurate a museum about their national heritage. Yet while the architecture is impeccable, the exhibition halls are empty.
The leaders have trumpeted the opening of the museum in the West Bank for months, hailing it as a home for a national memory which Palestinians often accuse Israel of trying to eradicate.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will take part in the inauguration of the impressive building covered in greenery on the hills of the Birzeit university town near Ramallah, the seat of the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Workers have been rushing to install electrics for the ceremony but no artists have been preparing an exhibition.
“This is not an empty museum. It's a building of a museum. What we are inaugurating now is just a building,” said Omar Qattan, director of the museum which employs 40 people.
The exhibitions would start in October, they said.
“We are celebrating the fact it is completed on time. We are celebrating the gardens.”
“We wanted to stick to a date — I think it is very important psychologically for us to be able to make promises that we keep. So we decided to open now rather than wait for the inaugural exhibition.”
Researchers had been searching for Palestinian family albums from around the world for months, but the exhibition isn't ready.
The idea for the museum dates back to 1997, four years after the Oslo peace accords established the Palestinian Authority and were in theory meant to lead to an independent Palestinian state.
Organizers said they aim to create a place of memory for Palestinians, who often accuse Israel of rewriting history to justify their policies — including the expansion of settlements.
The building cost about $28 million, financed 95 percent by Palestinians, Qattan said, stressing none of the materials were imported from Israel.
But in the past six months, the director and several museum officials have left, a source close to the project told AFP on condition of anonymity.
“There were differences of views,” said the source, who said the museum's inauguration without an exhibition was a disappointment, as it will “not live up to its declared vision of telling the Palestinian people's story to the world.”
Critics of the Palestinian Authority are likely to use it to again attack Abbas and others for lack of leadership.
For a museum aiming to capture the Palestinian identity, part of the challenge, Qattan said, was ensuring Palestinians from different places would be able to access the site.
Palestinians from Gaza are largely prevented from leaving, while those living in the West Bank need Israeli permission to visit Jerusalem.
The organizers initially dreamed of having the museum in East Jerusalem, which Palestinians see as the capital of any future state.
Qattan said Israel's policies meant such a plan had to be abandoned.
“It was clear it was going to be very difficult — to open a museum called the Palestinian Museum is not really going to be allowed.
“We then thought, how do we overcome this problem? Even if we opened in Jerusalem, many people from Gaza or the West Bank can't go to Jerusalem.”
“Wherever we build it in Palestine, there is always going to be an accessibility issue.”
One answer was an online platform, they said, with as much material as possible going online.
A second was a satellite model — with smaller projects in other places where there are large numbers of Palestinians, including Lebanon and Jordan.
The museum will next week open an exhibition in the Lebanese capital, Beirut, entitled “At the seams: A political history of Palestinian embroidery.
Female sacrifice hasn't ended. It has just been transferred from the altars of pagan gods to that of political correctness, and the rending of bodies takes a back seat to the searing of souls.
If you had to pick a contender for rape capital of the world, Sweden wouldn't likely come to mind. Yet it now has the second-highest “official” rape rate of any country. It's 53.2 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants is five times the United States' rate and is only surpassed by Lesotho, a tiny nation in the middle of southern Africa.
It wasn't always this way. Once an extremely safe land, violent crime in Sweden has increased 300 percent since 1975. That year, write Scandinavian journalists Ingrid Carlqvist and Lars Hedegaard, “421 rapes were reported to the police; in 2014, it was 6,620. That is an increase of 1,472%.” Why is 1975 significant?
Because that's the year the Swedish government decided to adopt an immigration regime that would transform Sweden into a “multicultural” country.
This is also significant because 77.6 percent of the country's rapists are identified as “foreigners” (and that's significant because in Sweden, “foreigner” is generally synonymous with "immigrant from Muslim country"). And even this likely understates the issue, since the Swedish government — in an effort to obscure the problem — records second-generation Muslim perpetrators simply as “Swedes.”
Moreover, writes Carlqvist and Hedegaard, “A new trend reached Sweden with full force over the past few decades: gang rape — virtually unknown before in Swedish criminal history. The number of gang rapes increased spectacularly between 1995 and 2006. Since then no studies of them have been undertaken.” The last line gets at a different trend: A refusal to investigate the nature of crime in Sweden for fear that the truth will contradict multiculturalist dogma. This is similar to Baltimore, Maryland, where violent crime is “down” — because the authorities have simply stopped arresting many criminals.
Carlqvist and Hedegaard then reported on a sexual assault that Sweden's public prosecutor called “the worst crime of rape in Swedish criminal history,” a brutal 2012 gang rape of a 30-year old woman by eight "foreign" men. The punishment? Seven of the perpetrators will likely serve just over 3.5 years in prison, Carlqvist and Hedegaard tell us (they provided no information on the eighth).
Yet, incredibly, this might be considered a firm hand in Sweden. The journalists also report, “In cases of gang rape, culprits and victims are most often young and in almost every case, the perpetrators are of immigrant background, mostly from Muslim countries. In an astounding number of cases, the Swedish courts have demonstrated sympathy for the rapists. Several times the courts have acquitted suspects who have claimed that the girl wanted sex with six, seven or eight men.”
As an example, after the 2013 gang rape of a 15-year-old girl in a Stockholm suburb, a lower court convicted the six “foreign” perpetrators, but, write Carlqvist and Hedegaard, “the court of appeals acquitted them because no violence had occurred, and because the court determined that the girl ‘had not been in a defenseless position.'”
Such rulings should raise eyebrows and ire anywhere, but they're especially profound in Sweden. A land of über-feminism, the nation's Left Party (its actual name) proposed in 2004 what was called the “Man Tax,” a special levy on men to compensate society for the cost of “male violence.” Some years before there was a story about another Swedish feminist crusade: an effort to compel boys and men to sit down while urinating (seriously), in the thinking that standing up during the act was symbolic of male dominance. Before you laugh, know that the urinals had been removed from one elementary school on this basis.
The point is that Sweden is a country where men are now often guilty until proven innocent — except in one situation. There is a politically correct hierarchy of “victim” groups, and, it appears, “Muslim” trumps “female.” This explains why rape in Sweden is both exaggerated and covered up. As to the former, Carlqvist and Hedegaard cite the government's claim that “the law has been changed so that more sexual offences are now classed as rape” as a specious excuse for the climb in the rape rate. Yet in deference to feminism, Sweden did long ago expand the definition of rape beyond reason. This brings us to the cover-up: This policy change is used to explain away the Muslim factor in sexual attack, which finds its roots, says a critic, “in Islam's culture to rape and brutalize women who refuse to comply with Islamic teachings.”
To illustrate the zeal for effecting the cover-up, note that this critic — a local Sweden Democrat Party politician named Michael Hess — was convicted of the hate-speech charge "denigration of ethnic groups" for making their claim. It didn't matter that they have lived in Muslim countries and that at their trial they presented evidence on the Sharia law position on rape; the court claimed, reports Dispatch International, “that the question of whether or not Michael Hess's pronouncement is true, or appeared to be true to Michael Hess, has no bearing on the case.”
In fact, the truth seems very inconvenient for Sweden's multiculturalist program. So much so, that the nation's complicit media will tell bold-faced lies to advance it. For example, Carlqvist and Hedegaard point out that a brutal gang rape aboard a Finnish ferry this month was reported by the following newspapers thus:
• "Several Swedish Men Suspected of Rape on the Finland Ferry" (Dagens Nyheter).
• "Six Swedish Men Raped Woman in Cabin" (Aftonbladet).
• "Six Swedes Arrested for Rape on Ferry" (Expressen).
• "Eight Swedes Suspected of Rape on Ferry" (TT – the Swedish News Agency).
The problem? All the suspects were Muslim — and all were foreign nationals, having no Swedish citizenship. This didn't stop the media from turning them into “honorary Swedes,” however.
Oh, when journalists from Aftonposten and Expressen were asked by Internet radio station Granskning Sverige about this blatantly dishonest reportage, they said it was “irrelevant” and that they were “offended” at the suggestion they had a responsibility to tell women the truth. As Carlqvist and Hedegaard wrote:
One journalist asked why that should be their responsibility.
"If the women knew, then perhaps they would have stayed away from these men and avoided being raped," said the reporter from Granskning Sverige. Whereupon the journalist slammed down the phone.
Perhaps, though, they fear going the way of Ingrid Carlqvist. They left Sweden some years ago. Why? Because when you oppose immigration in their nation, as they explained, others will “point at you and say you are a racist; then you will have no job, no career, you might lose your family. You will have no future.”
And if they ever wants to come back, they may have to play by different rules. After all, as multiculturalist social engineer and Social Democrat politician Mona Sahlin put it in 2001, “the Swedes must be integrated into the new Sweden; the old Sweden is never coming back.”
United Nations attempts to stall Palestine statehood bid
By Jean Shaoul
26 September 2011
On Friday, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas formally submitted an application to United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon requesting the General Assembly recognise a Palestinian state.
In their speech, Abbas drew attention to the death, destruction and humiliation carried out by Israel during what they described as “63 years of suffering”
“Enough. It is time for the Palestinian people to gain their freedom and independence,” Abbas said, calling for Palestinian statehood to be based upon land occupied by Israel since 1967 and with East Jerusalem as its capital. “At a time when the Arab peoples affirm their quest for democracy—the Arab Spring—the time is now for the Palestinian Spring, the time for independence,” they said.
While their speech won enthusiastic applause at the UN session, those in the audience are well aware of this suffering, having stood by and allowed Israel to blatantly flout one UN resolution after another.
They were equally aware, however, of the dangers of Washington's stated intention to veto the application on the Security Council, and the campaign of threats and intimidation it has conducted to get other countries to fall into line.
Washington's position in the Middle East has been gravely weakened by the mass uprisings in the Middle East that have led to the ouster of its long-term allies, Hosni Mubarak and Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali.
The use of its veto against the Palestinians would further compromise the position of the major powers and their beleaguered allies in Egypt and Jordan, whose support for Israel has already led to mass demonstrations calling for the expulsion of Israel's ambassadors, the repudiation of their treaties with Israel, and the evacuation of Israel's embassy staff for their own safety.
Abbas' statement, therefore, was also intended as a warning that continued blatant UN complicity in the on-going oppression of the Palestinians would expose imperialist pretensions to be the ally of the “Arab Spring” and would fan the flames of revolution.
“It is no longer possible to redress the issue of the blockage of the horizon of the peace talks with the same means and methods that have been repeatedly tried and proven unsuccessful over the past years,” they said. “The crisis is far too deep to be neglected, and what is more dangerous are attempts to simply circumvent it or postpone its explosion.”
Their remarks are a tacit admission to the bankruptcy of the US-brokered “peace process,” which for more than two decades has been used a cover for Israel to strengthen its occupation of Palestinian land and suppress its people, with the aid of Washington.
They also made clear that Abbas's efforts to accommodate Israel—revealed so graphically in the “Palestine Papers” published by Al Jazeera earlier this year—had gravely undermined their own credibility and that of their Fatah-led Palestinian Authority.
The application for statehood was the result of Israel's repeated failure to negotiate in accordance with the 1993 Oslo Accords that had set out plans for a future Palestinian state, Abbas said.
Nor had anything changed under US President Barack Obama. Talks begun last September in Washington—involving the Quartet (the US, UN, European Union and Russia) along with Egypt and Jordan—had set out plans for a peace agreement within one year. These had broken down within days, however, after Israel refused to extend even a temporary freeze on settlement construction on land that would be part of the future Palestinian state.
The occupation was now “racing against time to redraw the borders on our land … that is undermining the realistic potential for the existence of the State of Palestine,” Abbas said. This was part of a “multi-pronged policy of ethnic cleansing.”
At the same time, Israel “continues to impose its blockade on the Gaza Strip and to target Palestinian civilians by assassinations, air strikes and artillery shelling, persisting with its war of aggression of three years ago on Gaza, which resulted in massive destruction of homes, schools, hospitals, and mosques, and the thousands of martyrs and wounded.”
Abbas also pointed to what they described as “the criminal actions of armed settler militias, who enjoy the special protection of the occupation army.” These are perpetrating “frequent attacks against our people, targeting their homes, schools, universities, mosques, fields, crops and trees. Despite our repeated warnings, the occupying Power has not acted to curb these attacks and we hold them fully responsible for the crimes of the settlers.”
Israel was also trying to introduce new condition for negotiations, through its demand for recognition as a Jewish state. This would lead to the transfer of Palestinian Israelis out of Israel, Abbas said, warning that this will “transform the raging conflict in our inflamed region into a religious conflict and a threat to the future of a million and a half Christian and Muslim Palestinians, citizens of Israel, a matter which we reject and which is impossible for us to accept being dragged into”
Abbas has no alternative to the machinations of Israel, the US and the imperialist powers. Their apocalyptic warnings are intended at pushing ahead with the very negotiations they criticised, and they made clear they would resume talks as soon as Israel halted settlement construction.
In contrast, Israel's Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu struck an arrogant and belligerent tone, dismissing the UN as “the theatre of the absurd.”
“Hezbollah-controlled Lebanon chairs the UN Security Council. A terrorist organisation presides over the body entrusted with world security. You can't make this stuff up,” they said.
Netanyahu rejected the bid for statehood, saying, “The Palestinians want a state without peace, and the truth is you should not let that happen.”
The only way to statehood was through acceptance of Israel's terms—some limited form of local government on less than 40 percent of the West Bank whose essential remit was to assure Israel's security. This was the plan that Obama endorsed at the UN last week.
Netanyahu claimed they sought a “just and lasting peace” with the Palestinians and called on Abbas to return to the negotiating table, but offered absolutely nothing in return.
They rejected any return to Israel's 1967 borders, despite earlier UN resolutions, and justified their expansionary policies with the claim that Israel needed more land to enable it to defend itself, particularly against the threat of militant Islam and Iran.
The Israeli government has made extensive preparations for any Palestinian unrest following the UN bid for statehood, in effect putting the armed forces on a war footing. It has reservists on standby in case of a Palestinian uprising and the army has provided Israeli settlers with tear gas and stun grenades and trained them in their use.
On Friday, troops shot and killed a Palestinian demonstrator outside the village of Qusra in the West Bank after settlers marched on the village and began provoking its residents.
In addition to the surety of Washington's support, the other element involved in Israel's defiance is that the occupation of Palestine has long served as a mechanism to divert social and economic tensions within Israel itself.
But the statehood application has highlighted both Washington and Israel's increased political isolation, and the destabilising influence their actions are having in the region.
Netanyahu faces mass protests at home that threaten their government, and ultra-right forces that are hostile to any form of accommodation with the Palestinians.
As for the US, , Saudi Arabia's Prince Turki al-Faisal, a former ambassador to the US, writing in the New York Times in the run-up to the UN meeting, warned that an American veto would risk losing it whatever credibility it still had in the Arab world, undermining Israeli security, strengthening Iran, and increasing the chances of another war in the region.
It would, they said, force Riyadh to adopt a far more independent and assertive foreign policy. In essence, they were calling for some visible progress in the negotiations towards Palestinian statehood as price for their country's continued support for Washington's imperialist intrigues in region.
At the same time, Israel's assassination of nine Turkish citizens on board the Turkish- flagged vessel Mavi Marmora, part of an aid flotilla to Gaza in May 2010, has cost it the support of its long-time ally Turkey, a NATO member. Ankara has sent gunships into the eastern Mediterranean and threatened to intervene if Israel cooperates with Cyprus in oil and gas exploration before some deal is worked out with Turkish controlled northern Cyprus.
The Security Council is to begin consideration of the Palestinian application immediately, but negotiations could go on for months, while Israel and the western powers use all means possible to get the issue off the agenda.
Israel has threatened to withhold the taxes collected on its behalf from the Palestinian Authority, while the US has threatened to cut off aid. The quartet is involved in intense manoeuvrings to breathe life back into the charade of “peace” negotiations with calls for the resumption of talks between Israel and Palestine.
It has been widely reported that Abbas has accepted a deal whereby the vote at the Security Council is delayed pending the outcome of resumed talks with Israel.
An Oval Office meeting involving President Trump and their top advisers on Wednesday devolved into a heated exchange between their former campaign manager and the White House political director, people briefed on the discussion said.
The meeting centered on the midterm elections and came as Republicans face a daunting landscape next year, particularly after a bruising loss in the Alabama special election this month. It also came as the White House faces an expected string of departures from the West Wing, including that of a deputy chief of staff, Rick Dearborn, on Thursday. Mr. Dearborn, who was close to Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump during the transition, had been overseeing a broad cross-section of departments, including the political department, which was a source of contention during the meeting.
The meeting prompted the political director, Bill Stepien, to call an official at the main political group supporting Mr. Trump, America First Policies, to say its counsel should be involved at future gatherings.
It also underlined the turf battles and strategic disagreements that have long been characteristic of Mr. Trump's circle, dating to their presidential campaign.
Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis, described by the author as ‘one of my greatest personal adventures', is due out in November
Anne Rice is set to reveal their vision of the lost realm of Atlantis in a new novel starring their most famous creation, the vampire Lestat.
The bestselling American author has announced that Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis will be published on 29 November this year. It is Rice's second novel about the vampire prince in two years: Prince Lestat was published in 2014, following a break of more than 10 years from the world of vampires.
From Lestat to Harry Potter: which characters should be resurrected? Read more
“I've been dying to get my vision of Atlantis into the public realm for years. And believe me, there is a full-blown vision of Atlantis in this novel,” Rice told fans on Facebook. “I've been obsessed with it for years. Years. [I] have a huge library on Atlantis in fiction, in channelling, in history, in mythology … the whole thing. This was one of my greatest personal adventures, this novel. I'm delirious that it will be in bookstores by Christmas.”
According to the book's description, the story will see Lestat, made famous in Rice's novel Interview With the Vampire, “battling ... a strange otherworldly form that has somehow taken possession of [his] undead body and soul”. The spirit reveals the “hypnotic tale of a great sea power of ancient times; a mysterious heaven on earth situated on a boundless continent – and of how and why, and in what manner and with what far-reaching purpose, this force came to build and rule the great legendary empire of centuries ago that thrived in the Atlantic Ocean”.
Anne Rice takes a bite out of Stephenie Meyer's sparkling Twilight vampires Read more
“In my dreams, I saw a city fall into the sea. I heard the cries of thousands. I saw flames that outshone the lamps of heaven. And all the world was shaken,” writes Rice in the book.
The novelist published Interview With the Vampire, later adapted for a film starring Tom Cruise, in 1976. Before 2014's Prince Lestat, their most recent foray into the world of vampires was in 2003's Blood Canticle. When they returned to the story of Lestat in 2014, they said they had gone back and reread all their Vampire Chronicles stories, and had to “wrestle Lestat to the ground, and beat them up, and say ‘look, you've got to talk to me, I've got to know what you've been doing'”.
Last week, the Penny Arcade Report interviewed Jean-Max Morris, creative director of the upcoming female-led game Remember Me. After going into the game's cyberpunk roots, Morris discussed the publishers who wanted nothing to do with a female protagonist. “We don't want to publish it because that's not going to succeed,” they paraphrased. “You can't have a female character in games. It has to be a male character, simple as that.”
As the article made the rounds, I couldn't help but notice what gamers were getting excited about elsewhere. Tomb Raider had just slipped to number two in the UK sales charts, after two weeks at number one. StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm had already sold 1.1 million copies in its first two days. Indie developer Supergiant Games, the folks behind Bastion, announced their new action RPG, Transistor, which features a leading lady. Their booth enjoyed two hour lines at PAX all weekend. I'm told that the lines for Remember Me were comparable.
I don't think it's gamers who have a problem with female protagonists.
That disconnect is what's been bugging me the most about that article, more than all the girls-have-cooties implications. I read these blanket statements about how male gamers are supposedly allergic to female protagonists, and it doesn't mesh with my impressions of the gamer community at large. I'm not even talking about stances on gender issues here. I'm talking about why people buy the games that they do. I have a bias in this, I know, but even so, I can't shake the feeling that the publishers who say these things are failing to understand why gamers actually play.
There are two components to my thinking on this — how I go about playing, and how the guys I know go about playing (spoiler: they're basically the same thing). I'll start with myself, even though I'm not the sort of player being considered by these publishers. My purchasing habits strike me as pretty standard for a long-time gamer. I play shooters, RPGs, action games, and anything else that tickles my fancy. My carefully planned monthly budget includes a portion for games. I preorder new titles. I buy DLC. Take away my gender, and I'm exactly the sort of gamer the industry wants.
I developed these habits despite a lifetime of playing heroes that, more often than not, don't look like me. A male protagonist does not stop me from playing. A male protagonist does not prevent me from developing an emotional attachment to their character. Do I gravitate more toward female protagonists, when they're available? Yes, if I'm interested in the game itself as well. But will I turn away from an enticing game just because I can't play as my gender? Of course not. What draws me to a game above all else, regardless of whose story it is, regardless of if there are even any women in the game at all, is whether or not it looks fun. I may feel more at home with a female protagonist, but I've got no problem connecting to a hero with a beard and a grave voice. Gents, correct me if I'm wrong, but seeing as how we're all human beings here, I imagine that for the most part, you and I react to differently-gendered protagonists in much the same way.
But okay, I'm not the target audience. Perhaps my experiences are moot. I obviously can't speak directly to what it's like to be a male gamer, but for what it's worth, I have spent the better part of my life interacting and socializing with them. We like the same sorts of games. We play with equal enthusiasm. We talk about talent trees and boss fights and weapon upgrades. We sit and watch E3 together. We send each other articles on game releases and industry news. And not all of the male gamers I've known or even befriended have shared my views on gender portrayal. I've debated these things plenty with people I've gamed with. I recall being part of a group that got in a somewhat heated squabble over the Jennifer Hepler debacle before we all sat down and played Descent together. Our opinions on such topics may differ, but set them aside, and we're buying the same games, and playing in the same way. From a gameplay standpoint, we've got the important stuff in common.
So let's talk gamers in general. You can split us into two groups: those who are drawn to game mechanics, and those who are drawn to story (and yes, there's a lot of crossover between the two). For those who are keen on mechanics, the protagonist doesn't matter much. The setting and the story may affect how devoted they become to the game, but these players can and will overlook just about anything if they love the mechanics. The guys of this sort that I've played with have no qualms about choosing a female character, so long as their abilities are what they're after. They're far more concerned with class than gender.
A story-focused gamer, however, is looking for one of two things: a good story about someone else, or a story in which they can be the star. The latter hinges upon character customization, which nowadays usually means variable gender protagonists. Everybody wins. But for gamers who are happy to play as a pre-defined character, what they don't want is the same story they've seen a dozen times before. They want to experience something new. Otherwise, what's the point? You can only go through the same narrative so many times before you get bored. These players won't care what the protagonist's gender is, so long as the story is engaging.
If we're talking about courting core gamers (I dislike that term, but there it is), protagonist gender seems like a non-issue. I keep thinking back to Transistor, a game helmed by a dainty lady with a buster sword. The people at PAX weren't lined up for her, or despite them They were lined up because Supergiant Games makes great stuff, and because Transistor looks awesome. I'll confess, seeing that the game had a female protagonist was a side bonus for me. You know what I was primarily excited over? Combat that allows you to stop time and plan out attacks. I had already started digging into that cake before I appreciated the icing. I think a lot of gamers go about choosing games in the same way. Again, I can't speak for the guys out there, but I'd be very surprised to meet a male gamer who turned up their nose at a combat system that appealed to them solely because they had to play a female character. That seems like an uncommon mindset.
But what if these publishers aren't talking about core gamers? What if the concern here is the untapped market? Appealing to non-gamers is indeed a consideration you see throughout the industry (for better or for worse). This has been said by others many times before, but if the goal is to interest as many new gamers as possible, how does it make sense to focus only on straight white men between the ages of 18 and 25 (not to mention, how insulting is it to imply that such people are incapable of relating to anyone other than themselves)? And I may be off base with this, but I tend to think that someone who has never bought a game before is probably not going to start with a new IP. They're going to pick something that they've heard of, something recommended by a friend who already plays it. A gamer. A gamer who will be recommending the game for its mechanics, or its story.
I am sure there are some men out there who might be put off by a female protagonist, just as there are women who might feel similarly toward male protagonists, but in my experience, this just isn't the case for most. Give a gamer — of any gender — a good game with a solid story and fun mechanics, and we're happy. (That's not to say that character gender doesn't matter at all. That's a whole ‘nother article.)
And as for those hypothetical men who would feel “awkward” about seeing a female protagonist “kiss another dude” — okay, putting aside how immature that notion is, I feel compelled to note that games make me feel awkward all the time. Every time a game puts me in skimpy chainmail without offering an alternative, every time the women in the game are only there to be rescued or ogled, every time a game imparts the message that women are weak or vapid or just not good enough, I am left feeling awkward. And yet, I love games anyway. I'm still here, going bleary-eyed over strategy guides and handing over my hard-earned cash. If I can remain this loyal after the onslaught of awkward that games have put me through, then trust me. The dudes will be fine.
Becky Chambers is a freelance writer and a full-time geek. Like most internet people, they have a website. They can also always be found on Twitter.
While some of those reasons – such as “why won't the government let me have some fun”, or “what's wrong with a harmless vice or addiction”, or that it was an essential part of “ancient Indian tradition” because a particular Hindu god is believed to be a heavy-duty user, are fatuous. In some cases, they do a disservice to the cause— the demands from certain sections of the medical community, especially oncologists and surgeons.
Meanwhile, in January this year, Pune-based lawyer Aditya Barthakur moved the Bombay High Court with a PIL, contending that the criminalisation of cannabis use by the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act violated citizens' fundamental rights and other constitutional principles.
On September 4, the court dismissed the PIL, stating that it didn't have the powers to grant the reliefs demanded. Significantly, the court also expressed its inability (due to lack of expertise) to deal with technical arguments such as the beneficial and therapeutic uses of ganja, and instead suggested that Parliament is best suited to take any decision in this matter.
American Wind Energy Industry Rebounded In 2014
April 16th, 2015 by Joshua S Hill
According to the US Wind Industry Annual Market Report, the US wind energy industry added 23,000 jobs in 2014, and began 2015 with 12,700 MW worth of wind energy projects under construction — “a record for the start of any year,” the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) concluded.
“These results show that extending the Production Tax Credit for wind power in 2013 was good for business in America,” said Tom Kiernan, CEO of AWEA. “We've got a mainstream, Made-in-the-USA product that supports jobs in every state and is gaining momentum. With a more predictable policy we can add more jobs and keep this American success story going.”
The full report is available for purchase now, or download if you are a member of the AWEA, and “provides a comprehensive review of wind industry trends, industry rankings, and the market landscape through 2014.”
However, the accompanying press release put out by the AWEA highlights several key points from the report that are worth noting. Probably the most impressive highlight was a repeat of news the AWEA released in January of 2015 at the time of their fourth quarter 2014 report, which showed that the American wind energy industry brought over four times more wind energy online in 2014 than in 2013.
According to the January press release, “2014 saw the completion of 4,854 [MW] in generating capacity” brought online in 2014, “with cumulative installed capacity increasing eight percent to a total of 65,879 MW.”
2014 finished with the wind energy industry employing nearly 20,000 workers across more than 500 facilities in 43 states, with another 53,000 jobs in project development, construction, operations, and other parts of the industry. In fact, the US wind industry drover $12 billion in private investment in 2014, for a total of more than $100 billion since 2008.
However it is the value of the country's Production Tax Credit (PTC) which the report highlights above all else, specifically its value in states like Iowa, where it has helped wind energy attract $10 billion in cumulative investment and supports 6,000 jobs.
“The PTC enabled the private sector to make critical investments in domestic manufacturing and the American workforce, driving significant cost reductions. That has driven technology improvements and cost reductions that are creating a modern-day ‘wind rush' by opening up new areas for development,” said AWEA Deputy Director of Industry Data and Analysis Emily Williams. “We have utility-scale turbines operating in 39 states today, and if these trends continue and stable policy is in place, we can see wind deployment in even more states.”
It is Texas, though, leading the way in the US “wind rush,” with more projects, investment, and jobs.
According to the report's authors, Texas currently has 7,500 MW of wind projects currently under construction — which equals more than all the other US states combined. Texas reaped $3 billion in investment in 2014, bringing the state's total cumulative investment to over $26 billion. Such support for the state's wind energy industry has led to the addition of over 9,000 jobs in 2014, bringing the state's total wind energy jobs to 17,000.
Following behind Texas are Iowa and Colorado with over 6,000 jobs each, Oklahoma with nearly 5,000 jobs, and Michigan with over 3,000 jobs.
In fact, the Texas wind energy industry was recently reported to have provided 6.2% of the state's share of electricity in 2009, which grew to 10.6% in 2014.
Texas are behind in at least one category though, with Ohio again ranking number one in terms of wind energy manufacturing facilities, followed by Colorado and Iowa with the most manufacturing jobs.
“The strong activity we're seeing in Texas right now can be traced back to a strong, successful policy – namely the PTC,” said Steve Irvin, Executive Vice President of EDP Renewables North America. “Extending the tax credit is critical for us to have the stability we need to plan our business and do our part to help grow this homegrown industry.”
The wind energy industry in America has progressed by leaps and bounds over the past few years, with a “wind rush” in places like Texas, the Great Lakes states, and Southeastern US. AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan likens the growth in technology to that of the difference between the “Model T era to more like that of a Tesla.” Speaking earlier this month, Kiernan pointed to “taller towers, longer blades, and improved electronics to operate and maintain the turbines are all part of this revolution.”
“Every year, our industry makes wind turbines that are better, smarter, safer and more powerful,” said Chris Brown, President of Vestas-American Wind Technology. “Those innovations are bringing down the levelized cost of wind energy for American consumers. But we're not done yet. Our goal each day is to keep working to bring wind on par with other traditional energy technologies in the near term.”
And, of course, any discussion of the US wind energy industry at this point must of course include a dig at China. I've covered the passive tête–à–tête between the US and China over who is the leading wind energy industry in the world. From February of this year:
“Some mistakenly believe that China has become the leading producer of wind energy, surpassing the U.S. in this sector like so many others,” wrote James Walker in a post currently attributed to January 19, but which was also published back in November as well. “However, a better measure is the total amount of electricity, measured in kilowatt-hours (kWh), that each country produces from wind and delivers to customers each year.”
The AWEA report again highlighted America's wind energy production, which apparently produced 181 billion kWh of wind energy in 2014, “enough to power the equivalent of 16.7 million American homes.” Specifically, Iowa led the nation by generating 28.5% of its electricity from wind power, followed by South Dakota with 25.3% and Kansas with 21.7%.
However, the US doesn't have long to gloat over its supposed wind energy lead. China has installed much more than the US has, and according to Pranav Srivastava, GlobalData's Analyst covering Power, China will “surpass US wind power generation by 2016.”
Nevertheless, the US is currently making impressive headway in its wind energy industry, and will no doubt remain a global player for many years to come. But as most renewable energy reports conclude these days, this headway will only continue with policy certainty. The report's authors make it clear that “extending the PTC for as long as possible, as soon as possible, will ensure that the wind industry can continue making investments in American manufacturing to lower costs and improve productivity.”
The sports-entertainment world has been buzzing this week with speculation that WWE has signed four massive international Superstars.
Numerous media outlets reported Monday that AJ Styles, Shinsuke Nakamura, Karl Anderson and Luke “Doc” Gallows — most recently of New Japan Pro Wrestling — are in negotiations to compete under the WWE banner.
The office of WWE COO and EVP of Talent Relations Triple H declined to comment on the rumors for WWE.com.
Reports began circulating late Sunday that all four had reportedly given their notices to New Japan management. Fueling the rumors that Styles, Nakamura, Anderson and Gallows were WWE-bound was a series of tweets involving reigning NXT Champion Finn Bálor.
Watch NXT TakeOver: London on WWE Network now | Video: Styles in WWE?!
Until recently, Styles, Gallows and Anderson were all part of New Japan's Bullet Club faction, a stable formerly led by Bálor when they wrestled in Japan under the alias Prince Devitt. For months, Bálor has made it clear that he's still tight with The Bullet Club members, even tweeting photos of them wearing their “Bálor Club” T-shirts. On Monday, Bálor stirred the pot again, tweeting an image of Anderson sporting trunks that bore Finn's “demon” design. Additionally, the official Twitter account for The Bullet Club tweeted the NXT Champion Monday, telling them to keep more Bálor Club shirts on hand in case they need them. That tweet has since been deleted.
Bálor's hints about their former stablemates continued Wednesday when they Instagrammed a photo of themselves wearing a Bullet Club shirt and holding open the door of the WWE Performance Center.
They should have been here by now.... A photo posted by Finn Bálor (@wwebalor) on Jan 6, 2016 at 6:26am PST
The addition of Styles, Nakamura, Anderson and Gallows would represent one of the most significant bulk talent acquisitions in WWE history.
Nicknamed “The Phenomenal One,” Styles twice held New Japan's IWGP Heavyweight Championship, the organization's top title. They competed on the national scene in the United States for well over a decade, dating back to the latter days of WCW, and is universally hailed for their multi-tooled attack in the ring.
Though not a member of The Bullet Club, Nakamura remains one of the most popular wrestlers outside of WWE. Displaying a flamboyant charisma comparable to Freddie Mercury, but possessing the brutal strikes of an elite fighter, Nakamura roomed with Daniel Bryan years ago in California when both were early into their sports-entertainment careers. During media tours for last year's WrestleMania, Bryan even revealed they once proposed an inter-promotional match against Nakamura to WWE management.
Gallows and Anderson co-held New Japan's tag team titles on three occasions. Additionally, Gallows competed in WWE from 2007 to 2010, while Anderson is a former tag team partner of WWE Performance Center Head Coach Matt Bloom.
Stick with WWE.com for more updates on this developing story as they become available.
Charles Darwin hated the peacock — hated it — at one point writing that they were simply sickened by its ostentatious feathers. They couldn't for the life of them figure out why a creature would essentially beg to be hunted, seemingly in wanton disregard of their new theory of evolution, which is about the survival (not the evisceration) of the fittest.
The answer, Darwin eventually realized, is the principle of sexual selection. With its glorious plumage, the peacock is essentially saying to the peahen, “I'm healthy, and also I might have a bit of an ego problem.” It's a drive so strong that it outweighs the risk of predation and justifies the tremendous energy the peacock puts into growing the feathers, not to mention lugging them around.
But sexual selection is far from a solely visual process. Behold the superb lyrebird, whose calls are surely the most impressive in the animal kingdom. It has the uncanny ability to perfectly mimic the sounds of the Australian forests it calls home, from camera shutters to other bird species to chainsaws, kinda like that guy from Police Academy with the funny voices, only it can't carry a gun.
Just watch the video above. It's real. I know because David Attenborough hosts it, and David is legit. This behavior is particularly common in captivity, where lyrebirds are inundated with decidedly unnatural sounds. And check out the second video below of a lyrebird in Australia's Adelaide Zoo. It not only pulls off the din of a drill and hammer strikes, but the tone changes as a nail is driven home, guaranteeing that zoo employees will be annoyed by construction long after the construction itself is finished.
Physiologically, what could be driving this incredible mimicry? What makes the lyrebird so adept at impersonation? Well, according to behavioral ecologist Anastasia Dalziell of the Australian National University, we don't really know yet. We can assume the lyrebird must have excellent hearing and memory, but what makes it so special biologically hasn't been studied at length.
What we do know is that the lyrebird is a kind of songbird, producing sound with a vocal organ roughly equivalent to our larynx called a syrinx. (Syrinx, by the way, is Greek for “panpipe” and the name of a wood nymph who fled from the advances of Pan, who was a bit of a jackass. Beseeching assistance from water nymphs at a river's edge, they were turned into reeds, which Pan chopped to pieces and fashioned into a flute. So … yeah.)
With lyrebirds, “it is true that their syrinx is slightly different in structure than most other songbirds,” Dalziell said in an email to WIRED. “For example, it has fewer syringeal muscles, but exactly how the structure of the syrinx allows it to produce so many sounds is not yet clear.” Strangely, notes Dalziell, having more muscles in the syrinx typically corresponds with greater vocal complexity — but the ultra-talkative lyrebirds (and parrots, as it happens) are exceptions to this rule.
In the wild, males will not only flawlessly imitate some 20 different species of birds, but multiple calls from each. They're particularly fond of imitating Australia's famous laughing kookaburras, and Dalziell has heard them mimicking the wing beats of small birds jetting through the forest understory. Up to 80 percent of a lyrebird's song can consist of such mimicry, according to Dalziell, and “males imitate most often during the breeding season, particularly when females are fertile, so in this species there is strong evidence that for males mimicry is sexually selected.”
The females aren't just looking for the best crooner, but also the best dancer and the best-dressed. So, basically, the avian opposite of me. This is where the lyrebird's sexual dimorphism — the often dramatically different body types between females and males of a species, like in peafowl — becomes abundantly clear.
“Males have elaborate plumage, dance displays, and songs, while females are visually cryptic and a lot quieter,” said Dalziell. “Females are very independent: They defend their own territory and care for the young all by themselves (leaving males a lot of time to prance about).”
And prance about they do, in fairly remarkable fashion. During the breeding season, males clear space and build several round mounds of dirt in the forest, which they will boldly defend from other males (hey, it's not like mounds of dirt just grow on trees). When a female takes an interest, the male will approach them with their magnificent tail slung over their head, then back up to one of the mounds.
If they follow, she's treated to one of the more bizarre mating rituals on the planet, which you can watch below. “During these sexual displays,” said Dalziell, “male superb lyrebirds coordinate song with dance so that each different song is accompanied by a unique choreography, creating a display of a level of sophistication previously known only in humans.”
This is an extremely structured performance that Dalziell breaks into four parts, A through D. The first bit is “a laser gun-like song accompanied by a side-step, followed by a middle section of two alternating songs (B and C), followed by a ‘recapitulation' of song A before a ‘coda' of song D.” It's seriously epic, like, Led Zeppelin at the Royal Albert Hall in 1970 epic.
So just as humans “waltz” to waltz music and “salsa” to salsa music, Dalziell says, “so lyrebirds step sideways with their tail spread out like a veil to song A (which sounds like a 1980s video-arcade game), but jump and flap their wings with their tail in a mohawk position while singing song C (a quiet song that sounds like ‘plinkety-plinkety-plinkety').”
Only the fittest males, with the most impressive feathers and songs and dances, are allowed to mate and pass on their genes. This will ideally produce equally, if not more, incredible attributes in their offspring. “All females need from males is sperm,” said Dalziell, “and we know from other species of birds that this scenario can lead to intense competition among males for access to females, sometimes resulting in elaborate attempts to impress females.”
Darwin's idea that females can drive evolution in this way wasn't exactly popular with their critics (of which there were more than a few) in the 19th century. Not only was it preposterous for female humans to — heaven forbid — make choices, but the same went for all female creatures, even dogs and cats and stuff. But such selection is how the males and females of a given species will physically diverge over countless generations when faced with an abundance of competition.
Interestingly, though, elsewhere in nature the near lack of competition will produce the same effect, only in the sexual reverse. Take, for instance, the deep sea anglerfish, whose fearsome, gargantuan females positively dwarf males, which bite and fuse to the ladies to serve as a ready supply of sperm for the rest of their miserable lives.
In the deep sea, males don't fight for female anglers because they're lucky as hell to even find one in the first place. Heading in the opposite direction from the majestic male lyrebird, anglerfish lads have been reduced to what is essentially a glorified sex organ.
So, I guess … way to go lyrebird. Your work may be exhausting, but count your blessings, little fella, count your blessings.
Browse the full Absurd Creature of the Week archive here. Have an animal you want me to write about? Email matthew_simon@wired.com or ping me on Twitter at @mrMattSimon.
From the Apache Solr website:
Solr is an open source enterprise search server based on the Lucene Java search library, with XML/HTTP and JSON APIs, hit highlighting, faceted search, caching, replication, and a web administration interface. It runs in a Java servlet container such as Tomcat.
Nice, a full text search engine easily accessible from anywhere. Just HTTP, no special binding required.
I've just hacked esolr, a simple, almost untested and featureless erlang client for Solr ;-). Well, there wasn't so many operations to implement really. The basic and usefull ones are
Add/Update documents esolr:add/1
Delete documents esolr:delete/1
Search esolr:search/2
Also, there are functions to perform commits to the index (to make all changes made since the last commit available for searching) and to optimize the index (a time consuming operation, see Solr documentation). Besides of issuing commits and optimize operations explicitly, the library also allows performing that operations periodically at user-defined intervals. In the case of commits, these can also be specified to automatically take place after each add or delete operation (mainly usefull for development and not for production code).
Quick start:
Install Solr 1.2 Run it with the sample configuration provided (/example$ java -jar start.jar) Make sure that is correctly running, open a browser at http://localhost:8983/solr/admin/ Get esolr from the trapexit forum Look at the html API documentation Compile the sources (RFC4627.erl, from http://www.lshift.net/blog/2007/02/17/json-and-json-rpc-for-erlang is included) Start the esolr library esolr:start_link() Play around
To compile, open an erlang console on the directory where the .erl files resides, and type:
28> c(rfc4627). {ok,rfc4627} 29> c(esolr). {ok,esolr}
then start the esolr process, using default configuration:
30>esolr:start_link(). {ok,}
Add some documents. Here we are adding two documents, one in each call to esolr:add/1. The id and name fields are defined in the sample Solr schema, id is.. you know, the ID for the document.
31> esolr:add([{doc,[{id,"a"},{name,<<"Look me mom!, I'm searching now">>}]}]). ok 32> esolr:add([{doc,[{id,"b"},{name,<<"Yes, searching from the erlang console">>}]}]). ok
Commit the changes.
33>esolr:commit(). ok
Search. We search for the word “search”, and specify that we want all the normal fields plus the document score for the query, that we want the result in ascendant order by id, and that we want the matchings highlighted for us.
34> esolr:search("search",[{fields,"*,score"},{sort,[{id,asc}]},{highlight,"name"}]). {ok,[{"numFound",2},{"start",0},{"maxScore",0.880075}], [{doc,[{"id",<<"a">>}, {"sku",<<"a">>}, {"name",<<"Look me mom!, I'm searching now">>}, {"popularity",0}, {"timestamp",<<"2008-02-28T23:42:15.642Z">>}, {"score",0.628625}]}, {doc,[{"id",<<"b">>}, {"sku",<<"b">>}, {"name",<<"Yes, searching from the erlang console">>}, {"popularity",0}, {"timestamp",<<"2008-02-28T23:43:26.997Z">>}, {"score",0.880075}]}], [{"highlighting", {obj,[{"a", {obj,[{"name", [<<"Look me mom!, I'm <em>searching</em> now">>]}]}}, {"b", {obj,[{"name", [<<"Yes, <em>searching</em> from the erlang "...>>]}]}}]}}]}
Read the API docs to find all the functions/options implemented so far.
Have fun!
Advertisements
Relive the legendary annual cycle race on PS3 and PS4
Would you like to experience the sensation of professional riding in the “Grande Boucle”? Embark on the virtual Tour de France 2014 for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 today!
Tour de France 2014 lets players choose to represent one of the official teams taking part in the most prestigious competition, as one of the riders in a bid to conquer the Holy Grail: the yellow jersey! Take a reconnaissance trip of the day's stage, choose the composition of your team and the rider you'll start the race with, and depart across a plethora of beautiful landscapes: the green English countryside, an intimate tour through London, through its iconic landmarks, a treacherous cobbled stage in northern France – feared by all riders – grueling mountain stages, or a solo time trial that could indeed decide the winner!
Manage your effort in the race, plan your strategic attack, set the pace in the peloton and change rider at any time, reassessing your strategy in real-time. Issue orders to your riders: relay, protect, break away to gain a foothold for the final climb, give the sprint order to your teammate to win the green jersey … anything is possible in Tour de France 2014!
With new animations, new commentary from your presenters and sports director along with the improved graphics, prepare for an even more immersive Tour. A host of changes and additions such as a fresh new perspective on the descent, stage reconnaissance, and a brand-new career mode option with recruitment ensures breathtaking ride along our 2014 edition.
Would you like any more info about the game, do not hesitate to visit Tour de France 2014 official website or our Facebook official page !
The CrossFit Games began as a small gathering of friends on a dusty ranch in Aromas, Calif., eight years ago. Now, the Games are a sport with a three-stage season and more than 100,000 competitors from across the globe.
The Games have evolved each year. In 2009, Regionals were added. In 2010, the Games moved from Aromas to Carson. In 2011, the online Open was introduced. In 2013, the Masters competition expanded to five age divisions.
There are several important changes to the CrossFit Games season in 2014. Let's take a quick look at what's new.
New Open Workout Release and Close Dates
In 2014, the week's Open workout will be released on Thursday and will close the following Monday (5 p.m. PT). Like last year, athletes will have four days to perform the workout and submit their scores.
New Video Requirements for Regional Qualifiers
Any athlete who hopes to compete at Regionals will need to follow a few extra steps during the Open.
Those who complete the Open workouts at an affiliate will need to:
1. Use a registered judge who has passed CrossFit's Judges Course,
2. Have their result validated by an affiliate manager,
3. Videotape their performance.
Videos are required to collect prize money, and may be requested by CrossFit Games staff at any point during the Open.
At the end of the Open, the top 60 men and top 60 women in each region will be required to submit at least one complete video of one of the Open workouts. Athletes will not be told which video they will need to submit until after the final workout has closed. The required video will be verified by CrossFit Games staff prior to sending out Regional invitations for individuals and teams.
After the video review, the top 48 men, top 48 women and top 30 teams in each region will be invited to compete in their respective Regional competition.
Team competitors are included. If an athlete on a Regional qualifying team finishes in the top 60 in the individual division in their region, they or they will have to submit video of the Open workout requested by CrossFit.
New Masters Qualifier
In the Open, Masters will compete against all other international athletes for the opportunity to advance to the next level of competition. Following the Open, the top 200 Masters athletes in each age division will be invited to perform four additional workouts.
The additional workouts will be released on Thursday, April 17 at 5 p.m. PT. Masters will have until Monday, April 21 at 5 p.m. PT, to submit their scores or video submissions from these workouts.
Masters athletes submitting scores must use a registered judge for each workout and have their performance validated by an affiliate. In addition, all four workouts need to be videotaped as Masters may be asked to submit one to four of these videos for review. Alternatively, Masters may elect to submit videos of the four workouts online following the same video submission guidelines from the Open.
Masters athletes will have five scores tabulated in order to determine their ranking in this competition: four scores from the additional workouts and one score based on their finish in the Open. The top 20 Masters athletes in each division will then be invited to compete in the 2014 Reebok CrossFit Games.
New Wild Card Spots
Forty-three men and 43 women will be awarded spots to the CrossFit Games at the Regionals—that's it. Even if a past champion qualifies, additional spots will not open up.
If CrossFit chooses to invite more than 43 athletes, the wild card spots will go to the athletes who performed the best relative to all other Regional competitors. The number of wild card spots will be announced following Regionals.
New Team Documentation
Teams are required to have all members regularly train at the team location. If there is any ambiguity about whether any member of a team meets the requirements, such as an athlete who formerly trained at another gym or who lives suspiciously far from the team gym, CrossFit may require the athlete to produce documentation proving they have indeed met the team requirements.
The athlete should be prepared to provide a detailed training log outlining dates and times of workouts at the team location. This training log should be accompanied by photographic evidence that is time stamped.
For example, an athlete could use date- and time-stamped photos in front of the whiteboard for every training session they attend at the team gym. The athlete could email these photos to their own email account and store them in a dedicated folder to be retrieved if necessary.
If members only train at the team location, detailed documentation will likely not be asked for.
New Drug Testing Program
In 2014, CrossFit will expand out-of-competition (unannounced) drug testing. This means that any registered CrossFit competitor can be tested at any time during the year for any reason.
Change to Team Competition in 2014
Individual competitors will no longer assist team qualification for Regionals.
Athletes who accept the invitation to compete as Individuals at their Regional will have their contributing Open scores removed from their respective Teams. The Team Leaderboard will then be re-sorted and the top 30 teams will be invited to compete at their respective Regional competition.
Read more.
Revised Rulebook and Drug Testing Policy
Learn more about the CrossFit Games competition rules by reading the 2014 Rulebook and 2014 Drug Testing Policy.
Updated January 21, 2014--The section "Change to Team Competition in 2014" was added.
David Alexander De Horne Rowntree (born 8 May 1964)[1] is an English musician, politician, solicitor and animator.  They are the drummer for the rock band Blur.  They are a councillor in Norfolk County Council, representing the Labour Party.
Early life [ edit ]
Born in Colchester, Essex, Rowntree was born to musical parents – Susan, a viola player, and John, a sound engineer at the BBC. They have an older sister called Sara. They attended the Gilberd School, Colchester during the week, and the Landermere Music School, Thorpe-le-Soken, at weekends, where they studied percussion. They played percussion with their father in the Colchester Silver Band, a brass band. After leaving school they studied for a Higher National Diploma (HND) in Computer Science at Thames Polytechnic,[2] and started their career as a computer programmer for Colchester Borough Council.
Career [ edit ]
Rowntree had played in bands with Graham Coxon while the two were growing up in Colchester, and knew Coxon's father who taught jazz classes at Landermere. In 1989 Coxon introduced Rowntree to Damon Albarn, who was forming a band around Goldsmiths, University of London. Rowntree was asked to join, and left their job to move to London. With the addition of Alex James, and after many name changes, the band settled on Blur and were signed to Food Records, which was distributed through EMI. EMI later acquired Food Records and Blur were absorbed into EMI.
On 31st July 2018, Rowntree appeared in the video for Slaves newly released single, "Chokehold", as a drummer auditioning for a part in the band.[3]
Rowntree is a computer animator, and owns an animation company called Nanomation. They directed two series of the South Park-esque animated show Empire Square, which made its TV debut on Channel 4 on 18 February 2005.  They are also interested in computer graphics and has contributed to three research papers on topics related to non-photorealistic rendering.[4][5][6]
Rowntree trained to become a solicitor when Blur took a hiatus in 2006.[7]  They are employed in the criminal department of Kingsley Napley, a firm of solicitors based in Farringdon, central London.[8]
They were also a presenter for Global Radio's alternative rock radio station XFM (now Radio X) in the UK and hosts a regular show on Sunday nights from 9pm to 11pm.[9]
Politics [ edit ]
Rowntree has been a keen activist and supporter of the Labour Party since becoming a member in 2002, and has been chairperson of London's West End branch. In April 2007 they unsuccessfully contested the safe Conservative seat of Marylebone High Street on Westminster City Council. In July 2008, they fought the Labour-held seat of Church Street, a Labour stronghold since its creation in the 1960s, but a swing from Labour to the Conservatives of 14.1% meant that they were again unsuccessful, as the Conservatives gained the seat.
In February 2008, they were selected by the Cities of London and Westminster Constituency Labour Party to stand against Conservative MP Mark Field at the 2010 General Election. They were defeated at that election. In 2011, Rowntree sought selection as Labour candidate for Norwich South; they lost to Clive Lewis, a journalist and former soldier, who went on to be elected as MP.
Rowntree supported the 2003 invasion of Iraq and in 2007 said, "I'm not a pacifist, I do believe that some things are worth fighting for, and dying for. I understand that that's easier to say, I'm not being the one who's asked to die, but Saddam was such an illegal ruthless bastard I didn't shed any tears for it [the war]."[10]
Rowntree is a committed opponent of the death penalty and patron of Amicus,[11] an organisation that provides legal representation to those on Death Row in the United States.
In August 2014, Rowntree was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to The Guardian opposing Scottish independence in the run-up to September's referendum on that issue.[12]
In the Norfolk County Council election on 4 May 2017, they were elected as county councillor for the University division in Norwich.[13]
Other interests [ edit ]
They have also campaigned against prosecution of internet music filesharers, and is a member of the Advisory Council of the Open Rights Group, a United Kingdom-based digital rights NGO. When asked on Blur's website how they felt about single "Out of Time" being leaked on the Internet before its release they replied "I'd rather it gushed".[citation needed]
Rowntree obtained a full pilot's licence in 1995.[14] Rowntree also holds a foundation licence for amateur radio in the UK since 2012 using the callsign M6DRQ. They upgraded their licence in 2016 to advanced with the new call sign 2E0DVR.[15]
Rowntree is a founding director of the Featured Artists Coalition.[16]
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1994 Rowntree married Paola, a Canadian woman.[17] In the early 2000s the couple divorced. In 2007 they were dating Michelle de Vries.[18]
In the early 1990s Rowntree was a heavy drinker; they stopped drinking alcohol in 1993 after a particularly heavy drinking session with members of the band Siouxsie and the Banshees.[17] However, several years later they began a cocaine habit. This led to a public incident in 2003 when, during a TV interview of Blur for MuchMusic by Canadian journalist Nardwuar the Human Serviette, Rowntree was seen mocking and physically intimidating Nardwuar throughout the interview. Rowntree has apologised several times since for their behavior, saying that "the day after a cocaine binge I'd sometimes fly into a murderous rage," and that this was the case on that day.[19] By 2007, they stated that they had stopped using drugs and was "active in the recovery community".[20] They have also said that they keep a clip of the interview on their phone, to watch if they ever considers relapsing into drug use.[19]
- Advertisement -
An unfortunate milestone in the war in Afghanistan was reported this week: private contractors have outnumbered U.S. troops in Afghanistan since March. Contractors now make up "57 percent of the Pentagon's Afghanistan personnel."
The highest ratio of contractors to military personnel recorded in any war in the history of the United States now exists in Afghanistan, according to a recently released report by a Congressional research group.
- Advertisement -
Of particular importance, the report concludes that "abuses and crimes committed by armed private security contractors and interrogators against local nationals may have undermined US efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan."
That's not surprising. Every day another news link detailing some abuse, mistreatment, violence, neglect, or crime committed by private contractors enters my inbox. If it isn't the CIA that's in the news for something criminal, it's a private contractor instead.
This week Americans were treated to i mages of private security guards from ArmorGroup at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul "participating in naked pool parties and sex acts to gain promotions or assignment to preferable shifts."
- Advertisement -
ABC News reported that top supervisors at ArmorGroup (whose corporate parent is Wackenhut) were not only aware of the "deviant sexual acts." They helped to organize them.
A segment on Rachel Maddow September 3rd explored the issue of abuses and misconduct committed by private contractors while also exploring how difficult it is to hold private contractors accountable.
MADDOW: We got 2007 investigation by the State Department. We've got a follow-up investigation by the Senate. We've got in the midst of all of this, a re-upping of the contracts for these guys. What's your take on how the State Department now is handling this? Obviously, the track record was bad. The contract was re-upped this past summer. But what do you think about the way they've responded to you now and what they're doing in terms of taking remedial action? BRIAN: Well, I was happy to just get a call about an hour or two ago from the State Department that actually, the number three at the embassy is asked to come over to be briefed by us at POGO next week. So, that's a good sign. What worries me, though, is I've had an e-mail that was circulated to all the guards that told them that while State Department investigators are there, interviewing all the people at the base, they are not aloud to speak to State Department investigator without a supervisor being there with them... ...MADDOW: Is it harder to pursue accountability generally when government functions are contracted out to private companies? Does that create another layer of insulation for people who act criminally or inappropriately or wastefully on the taxpayers' dime? - Advertisement -
Next Page 1 | 2
Click the chart for more on Angie's List stock.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- "Angie, you're beautiful."
Angie's List, a site where members can hire and review local contractors for auto or home services, gained 33% early in its public debut Thursday before cooling a bit.
Angie's List (ANGI) priced its offering of nearly 8.8 million shares at $13 each, the top of its range, late Wednesday. The stock began trading on the Nasdaq on Thursday and quickly rose to about $18 a share, but ended the day at $16.26 -- about a 25% gain from the IPO price. That gives the site a valuation of around $900 million.
The company was founded in 1995. At the ripe age of 16, it's much older than its fellow Internet companies that have recently gone public, including Groupon, LinkedIn and Pandora.
But like most of its younger IPO-ing peers, Angie's List is not profitable. In 2010, the company reported a $27.2 million net loss on sales of $59 million.
For the first nine months of 2011, Angie's List pulled down almost $62.6 million --- up from $42.9 million for the same period last year. But the company logged a $43.2 million loss at the same time, which is far steeper than its $19 million lost in the first nine months of 2010.
Angie's List has two revenue streams. When the site launches in a new area, it offers free memberships to attract new users and reviews. After about two years, the new market is converted to paid memberships, where readers have to pay to access reviews. An Angie's List representative said rates vary by market, but subscriptions cost an average of $6 per month.
The site is now in 175 paid membership markets in the U.S., and in October it passed the 1 million mark for paying members.
Angie's List also lets service providers who are highly rated by its members advertise discounts and other promotions on the site. As of September 30, more than 210,000 of the 815,000 service providers reviewed on Angie's List were eligible to advertise.
Only 10% of the eligible service providers were advertising as of September 30, but that business makes up most of Angie's List's revenue. In 2010, service providers paid $33.9 million and members paid $25.1 million in fees.
Busy 2011 for tech IPOs: This year has been chock-full of Internet IPOs -- many from companies that have spotty records of profitability.
This month shares of daily-deals site Groupon (GRPN) popped 31% in its debut, despite criticism for unorthodox accounting measures that led to several downward revisions of its financials. The IPO raised $700 million for Groupon's corporate coffers, making it the second-biggest tech IPO in history, behind the $1.7 billion Google (GOOG, Fortune 500) raised in 2004.
Professional networking site LinkedIn's (LNKD) shares more than doubled in its May IPO, even though the company turned only slight profits in 2010 and 2006 and otherwise has been in the red every year since its 2003 inception. The stock is still trading well above its IPO price.
Earlier this month LinkedIn reported earnings that beat estimates, and raised its guidance for next quarter, but its shares still plunged 4.3% on news of a $500 million secondary offering.
Pandora (P) shares also fared well in its IPO, even though the company had warned investors that it expected to continue losing money "through at least fiscal 2012."
But last quarter, Pandora reported that it earned 2 cents per share on a non-GAAP basis, excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Using traditional accounting, Pandora lost $1.8 million for the quarter on sales of $67 million.
Infrastructure investment in England is biased towards London, new report finds
London set to receive more funding from the public purse than every other English region combined
Investment in London equates to £5,305 per person, compared to UK average of £3,192 per person
Study shows London bias despite the capital having the strongest private sector activity of all English regions
Public spending on infrastructure investment is heavily biased towards London, with the capital set to receive more funding than every other English region combined, according to a new report by the University of Sheffield.
The Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute's (SPERI) analysis of the Government's National Infrastructure Pipeline shows that infrastructure investment in London is set to be over £45 billion, which is equal to £5,305 for each member of London's population. This compares to a UK average of £3,192 per person.
Every other English region has planned public infrastructure investment significantly below London, and below the UK average. Investment will be £1,946 per head in the North West, £851 per head in Yorkshire and Humberside and just £414 per head in the North East – the lowest of any English region.
The National Infrastructure Pipeline includes investment projects in sectors such as Energy, Transport, Waste, Communications, Water and Science. SPERI's researchers analysed the Pipeline published by the Government in December 2014.
Dr Craig Berry, co-author of the report and Deputy Director of SPERI, said: “The Chancellor talks about creating a more balanced, higher productivity economy but is so far failing to deliver it. These findings call into question the government's commitment to economic rebalancing and to creating a Northern Powerhouse.”
The report by SPERI researchers also looks at the relationship between regional investment in infrastructure and private sector business activity. Its findings call into question one of the key arguments used by the Government to underpin their austerity agenda which is that public investment ‘crowds out' private sector activity.
The ‘crowding out' argument suggests that those areas where the private sector is strongest will have lower levels of public investment in infrastructure, and that investment will be directed to where business activity is weakest to encourage a private-sector led recovery.
Yet the report finds that English regions where the private sector is weakest receive far less infrastructure investment.
London has the strongest private sector with more businesses and more start-up businesses than any other region, and receives the most infrastructure investment. The capital has 470 businesses and 98 start-ups per 10,000 residents (a start-up rate more than twice as fast as any other region, excluding the South East and East of England).
The three Northern regions have fewer businesses per head than all other English regions. Just three per cent of businesses in England, and three per cent of business start-ups, are based in the North East.
Dr Berry said: “Investing in infrastructure to improve our transport, digital and energy networks is a way of improving productivity and boosting the private sector. Our analysis suggests that the government is content to maintain the bias of investment towards London, because it seeks to support the strong business activity that already exists in the capital. This is clearly a much higher priority for George Osborne and their colleagues than increasing productivity and business activity in the Northern regions. The findings report also suggest that the crowding-out thesis is purely part of the rhetorical justification of austerity, and forms no part of the actual decisions on which regions should benefit from public sector infrastructure investment.
They added: “Continuing to disproportionately invest in infrastructure in London risks fuelling the regional imbalances in our economy, and in coming years this looks set to get worse. The National Infrastructure Pipeline doesn't include plans to build the Crossrail 2 rail line in London or expand Heathrow. Yet it does include plans to electrify the Trans-Pennine and Midland Mainline railways that have been indefinitely ‘paused'.”
Today's publication is co-authored by SPERI researchers Dr Craig Berry, Dr Laura White and Tom Hunt and is the fifteenth in a new series of SPERI British Political Economy Briefs.
Through this series SPERI hopes to draw upon the expertise of its academic researchers to influence the debate in the UK on sustainable economic recovery.
To view the report and tables showing the figures, visit: http://speri.dept.shef.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/SPERI-Brief-No.15-Public-infrastructure-investment-business-activity-in-the-English-regions.pdf
Additional information Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute The Sheffield Political Economy Research Institute (SPERI) is an academic institute based at the University of Sheffield. The institute aims to bring together leading international researchers, policy-makers, journalists and opinion formers to develop new ways of thinking about the economic and political challenges posed for the whole world by the current combination of financial crisis, shifting economic power and environmental threat. For more information, visit http://speri.dept.shef.ac.uk/ or follow @SPERIshefuni on Twitter. The University of Sheffield With almost 26,000 of the brightest students from around 120 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. In 2014 it was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education and in the last decade has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has five Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
In February 2003, astronomers involved in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI) pointed the massive radio telescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, at around 200 sections of the sky.
The same telescope had previously detected unexplained radio signals at least twice from each of these regions, and the astronomers were trying to reconfirm the findings. The team has now finished analysing the data, and all the signals seem to have disappeared. Except one, which has got stronger.
This radio signal, now seen on three separate occasions, is an enigma. It could be generated by a previously unknown astronomical phenomenon. Or it could be something much more mundane, maybe an artefact of the telescope itself.
But it also happens to be the best candidate yet for a contact by intelligent aliens in the nearly six-year history of the SETI@home project, which uses program running as screensavers on millions of personal computers worldwide to sift through signals picked up by the Arecibo telescope.
Advertisement
Absorb and emit
“It's the most interesting signal from SETI@home,” says Dan Werthimer, a radio astronomer at the University of California, Berkeley (UCB) and the chief scientist for SETI@home. “We're not jumping up and down, but we are continuing to observe it.”
Named SHGb02+14a, the signal has a frequency of about 1420 megahertz. This happens to be one of the main frequencies at which hydrogen, the most common element in the universe, readily absorbs and emits energy.
Some astronomers have argued that extraterrestrials trying to advertise their presence would be likely to transmit at this frequency, and SETI researchers conventionally scan this part of the radio spectrum.
SHGb02+14a seems to be coming from a point between the constellations Pisces and Aries, where there is no obvious star or planetary system within 1000 light years. And the transmission is very weak.
“We are looking for something that screams out artificial',” says UCB researcher Eric Korpela, who completed the analysis of the signal in April. “This just doesn't do that, but it could be because it is distant.”
Unknown signature
The telescope has only observed the signal for about a minute in total, which is not long enough for astronomers to analyse it thoroughly. But, Korpela thinks it unlikely SHGb02+14a is the result of any obvious radio interference or noise, and it does not bear the signature of any known astronomical object.
That does not mean that only aliens could have produced it. “It may be a natural phenomenon of a previously undreamed-of kind like I stumbled over,” says Jocelyn Bell Burnell of the University of Bath, UK.
It was Bell Burnell who in 1967 noticed a pulsed radio signal which the research team at the time thought was from extraterrestrials but which turned out to be the first ever sighting of a pulsar.
There are other oddities. For instance, the signal's frequency is drifting by between eight to 37 hertz per second. “The signal is moving rapidly in frequency and you would expect that to happen if you are looking at a transmitter on a planet that's rotating very rapidly and where the civilisation is not correcting the transmission for the motion of the planet,” Korpela says.
This does not, however, convince Paul Horowitz, a Harvard University astronomer who looks for alien signals using optical telescopes. They point out that the SETI@home software corrects for any drift in frequency.
Fishy and puzzling
The fact that the signal continues to drift after this correction is “fishy”, they say. “If [the aliens] are so smart, they'll adjust their signal for their planet's motion.”
The relatively rapid drift of the signal is also puzzling for other reasons. A planet would have to be rotating nearly 40 times faster than Earth to have produced the observed drift; a transmitter on Earth would produce a signal with a drift of about 1.5 hertz per second.
What is more, if telescopes are observing a signal that is drifting in frequency, then each time they look for it they should most likely encounter it at a slightly different frequency. But in the case of SHGb02+14a, every observation has first been made at 1420 megahertz, before it starts drifting. “It just boggles my mind,” Korpela says.
The signal could be an artefact that, for some reason, always appears to be coming from the same point in the sky. The Arecibo telescope has a fixed dish reflector and scans the skies by changing the position of its receiver relative to the dish.
When the receiver reaches a certain position, it might just be able to reflect waves from the ground onto the dish and then back to itself, making it seem as if the signal was coming from space.
“Perhaps there is an object on the ground near the telescope emitting at about this frequency,” Korpela says. This could be confirmed by using a different telescope to listen for SHGb02+14a.
Possible fraud
There is also the possibility of fraud by someone hacking the SETI@home software to make it return evidence for an extraterrestrial transmission. However, SHGb02+14a was seen on two different occasions by different SETI@home users, and those calculations were confirmed by others.
Then the signal was seen a third time by the SETI@home researchers. The unusual characteristics of the signal also make it unlikely that someone is playing a prank, Korpela says. “As I can't think of any way to make a signal like this, I can't think of any way to fake it.”
David Anderson, director of SETI@home, remains sceptical but curious about the signal. “It's unlikely to be real but we will definitely be re-observing it.” Bell Burnell agrees that it is worth persisting with. “If they can see it four, five or six times it really begins to get exciting,” they say.
It is already exciting for IT engineers Oliver Voelker of Logpoint in Nuremberg, Germany and Nate Collins of Farin and Associates in Madison, Wisconsin, who found the signal.
Collins wonders how their bosses will react to company computers finding aliens. “I might have to explain a little further about just how much I was using [the computers],” they say.
Today's White House jobs summit comes too late for millions of Americans who through no fault of their own have lost their jobs, their homes, their savings and, in many cases, the self-esteem and self-respect that come from work. Like other presidents before him, Barack Obama inherited a recession. But unlike them, they have made it worse, not better. Their failure to stem the unemployment tide should not have been a surprise. With no experience whatsoever in the world of employment and business formation, they had no compass to guide their path. Instead, they turned over much of their economic recovery agenda to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, themselves nearly as inexperienced in the private sector as he. Congress gave them and them everything they asked for, including a history-making three-quarters of a trillion dollar stimulus. But it did little to stimulate the real economy – where jobs are created. Studies, initiatives and programs that liberal think tanks had long pined for were given life even as the private economy was on life support. The president's team assured us that their massive stimulus would hold unemployment below 8%. So with unemployment now at 10.2%, it is clear that their stimulus was a miscalculated failure. In an attempt to disguise the truth, the administration has touted inflated figures of jobs "created."But every month, in good times and bad, jobs are created and jobs are lost. What matters is the net difference between the two numbers. Focusing solely on jobs created while ignoring the far greater numbers of jobs lost is Harry Houdini economics. Growing government, as was done with the stimulus, inevitably depresses the private sector and job creation. Shrinking government and reducing government jobs is healthier for the economy, but this option was never seriously considered. That's no wonder: As White House guest logs for the first half of the year reveal, the most frequent visitor to the executive mansion was Andy Stern, the head of the Service Employees International Union, which represents government workers. My 10-point plan The president's economists insist that technically, the recession is over. But double-digit unemployment was neither prevented nor has it ended. To get people back to work as rapidly as possible and to restore America's economic vitality, the nation must change course. Here's the advice I would give: •Repair the stimulus. Freeze the funds that haven't yet been spent and redirect them to immediate, private sector job-creation priorities. •Create tax incentives that promote business expansion and hiring. For example, install a robust investment tax credit, permit businesses to expense capital purchases made in 2010, and reduce payroll taxes. These will reignite construction, technology and a wide array of capital goods industries, and lead to expanded employment. •Prove to the global investors that finance America's debt that we are serious about reining in spending and becoming fiscally prudent by adopting limits on non-military discretionary spending and reforming our unsustainable, unfunded entitlements. These are key to strengthening the dollar, reducing the threat of rampant inflation and holding down interest rates. •Close down any talk of carbon cap-and-trade. It will burden consumers and employers with billions in new costs. Instead, greatly expand our commitment to natural gas and nuclear, boosting jobs now and reducing the export of energy jobs and dollars later. •Tell the unions that job-stifling "card check" legislation is off the table. Laying new burdens on small business will kill entrepreneurship and job creation. •Don't allow a massive tax increase to go into effect in 2011 with the expiration of the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts. The specter of more tax-fueled government spending and the reduction of capital available for small business will hinder investment and business expansion. •New spending should be strictly limited to items that are critically needed and that we would have acquired in the future, such as new military equipment to support our troops abroad and essential infrastructure at home. •Install dynamic regulations for the financial sector – rules that are up to date, efficient and not excessively burdensome. But do not so tie up the financial sector with red tape that we lose a vital component of our economic system. •Open the doors to trade. Give important friends like Colombia favored trade status rather than bow to protectionist demands. Now is the time for aggressive pursuit of opportunities for new markets for American goods, not insular retrenchment. •Stop frightening the private sector by continuing to hold GM stock, by imposing tighter and tighter controls on compensation, and by pursuing a public insurance plan to compete with private insurers. Government encroachment on free enterprise is depressing investment and job creation. The 10% unemployment crisis hangs like an albatross around President Obama's neck. Eventually, as with every recession and recovery, the economy will improve and jobs will be created, but those who were unnecessarily unemployed due to the president's faulty economic program will not forget. In order to most rapidly re-employ all Americans and to speed a strong recovery, the president must change course. If they do not, Republicans will bring a change of their own to Washington in the 2010 elections. Mitt Romney, former governor of Massachusetts, was a Republican presidential candidate last year. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Don't Cry For Us, Mitt Romney
Mitt Romney and the GOP establishment desperately need a few million votes in order to beat Obama in the 2012 General Election. The GOP could have had most of the Ron Paul voter support if Romney had named either Ron Paul or Rand Paul as their VP running mate.
Had the Romney Campaign held in check the Republican Party leadership's goon squad that made a mockery of the democratic process in the Republican Party primaries and caucuses as well as the national GOP convention, Romney might have captured 50 percent or more of Ron Paul voters and supporters, even without a Paul on the ticket. But they didn't and actions always have consequences.
Certainly as the better of the two candidates, I did consider voting for Mitt Romney before watching the GOP convention and the establishment brownshirt tactics that sickened me regarding the Republican Party. While I certainly prefer Romney to Obama, the truth of the matter is both the GOP and Democrat Party are equally evil in their goals, their major policies and how they will carry out power elite directives and governance.
There is no lesser of two evils when considering the two major political parties in the United States today. I consider non-voting, voting third party or even voting for the opposition to be justified now, considering how the GOP leadership treated the Ron Paul Campaign, the liberty movement and our primary voters.
In the November election the "chickens are coming home to roost" to both the Republican Party and the Mitt Romney Campaign for their mistakes and bad deeds. Therefore, don't cry for us to give Romney or the GOP candidates our support, as we sure will not cry for you.
We will cry for our nation. But what we have become is the result of 100 years of voting for the lesser of two evils, an option that certainly hasn't worked well to date for our liberties, freedoms or wealth. This election is no different.
Ron Holland [send them mail], a retirement consultant, works in Zurich and is a co-editor of the Swiss Mountain Vision Newsletter.  They are the CEO of Biologix Hair Inc., providing a revolutionary way to regrow your natural hair with the Biologix Hair Therapy System™.
© 2012 Copyright Ron Holland - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer: The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice. Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable, but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis. Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors.
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication.
Senior Congress leader P. Chidambaram on Sunday attacked the BJP on Gujarat's development model, saying that as a result of a distorted concept of development, many sections of the people were left behind and the state has regressed in the last 22 years.
Sustaining their argument, the Congress leader, in their tweet, posted a data comparing the development figures of Gujarat against four other states: Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Maharashtra.
“The table tells the story of Gujarat and how, despite the boasts, Gujarat is not ahead of four comparable states. While Gujarat has progressed industrially, in many critical areas of human development, Gujarat may have actually regressed in the last 22 years,” Chidambaram said adding that the much-touted ‘Gujarat Model' was being dissected and examined.
In their series of tweets, the leader questioning the government, said: “As a result of a distorted concept of development or vikas, many sections of the people have been left behind.”
Chidambaram also argued that the state enjoyed higher than national growth average even before 1995 and said: “Even before 1995, Gujarat's growth rate was higher than the national average and Gujarat has maintained that edge. Amul, the ports, the vibrant textile industry and the chemical and petrochemical industry pre-date 1995.”
The leader said that the upcoming assembly elections in Gujarat promises to be a contest of many hues between the economic and social reality and headline grabbing announcements, poor human development indicators and a billion dollar investment proposals.
“Where the government of Gujarat has faltered – and can be faulted – is in its neglect of distributive justice,” Chidambaram tweeted and said that a large share of the credit was due to the people of Gujarat.
They targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi over their extravagant promise to bring development to the Centre, create two crore jobs every year, bring back black money stashed abroad and put Rs 15 lakh in the bank account of every Indian during 2014's general election.
“Obviously, none of the extravagant promises could be fulfilled. Hence, the all-round sense of disappointment after 42 months… A similar sense of disappointment prevails in Gujarat which goes to election in December.”
Nearly a decade ago, the New York Police Department launched the Juvenile Robbery Intervention Program, also known by the unfortunate acronym J-RIP. This week an internal document detailing its failures came to light, leading to write-ups in The New York Times (under the headline "Report Finds Juvenile Program Failed to Reduce Robberies, but Police Are Expanding It") and the Gotham Gazette (under the headline "More Evidence Punitive NYPD Youth Programs Fail").
The most distressing detail may be this one, described by the Gazette:
Young people were...regularly visited by uniformed officers in their homes and on the streets. While these officers were supposed to be acting as mentors and monitors, defense lawyers reported that officers sometimes used these visits as a pretext to conduct searches and that they sometimes called attention to program relationships in front of other youth, potentially marking them as informants—a dangerous label in these neighborhoods.
"Mentors" who surveil you and give your friends the impression you're a snitch—no wonder the program didn't reduce crime. Nonetheless, the Gazette notes, "the NYPD has moved forward with an expansion of the program in a different guise," called NYC Ceasefire. The new effort
focuses more on gun crimes and adds group "call-in" meetings in which the targeted youth are brought in and lectured by police and community members about the harmful effects of their violent actions and the potential enhanced consequences of additional violent offenses. They are then placed under extensive surveillance regimes and targeted for enhanced punishments if caught re-offending. They are also offered some minimal services, primarily in the form of a centralized referral phone number run by a local non-profit that is there to link young people to already existing programs.
J-RIP and NYC Ceasefire are both examples of "Focused Deterrence" programs. Developed by criminologist David Kennedy, and first implemented in Boston in 1996, they attempt to stop gun violence or other serious crime through intensive and targeted enforcement combined with support services.
They are thus another example of the welfare state's convergence with the criminal justice system. For more on that marriage, go here and here; for further examples of it in action, go here and—from earlier this week—here.
Wikimedia Commons Stunning news from WaPo's Ezra Klein: The Treasury is ruling out the use of a trillion dollar platinum coin to break the debt ceiling impasse.
Klein writes:
That's the bottom line of the statement that Anthony Coley, a spokesperson for the Treasury Department, gave me today. "Neither the Treasury Department nor the Federal Reserve believes that the law can or should be used to facilitate the production of platinum coins for the purpose of avoiding an increase in the debt limit," they said.
With this, the White House has now ruled out the two best options for preventing a default in the event that the House GOP refused to life the debt ceiling. The White House has been quite adamant that the other alternative (invoking the 14th Amendment) is not acceptable.
So now the stakes are high, as The White House has refused to negotiate with the GOP on a debt ceiling hike.
What bargaining chips does The White Household? Unclear.
Klein adds another incredibly salient point about the comment they receive:
The inclusion of the Federal Reserve is significant. For the platinum coin idea to work, the Federal Reserve would have to treat it as a legal way for the Treasury Department to create currency. If they don't believe it's legal and would not credit the Treasury Department's deposit, the platinum coin would be worthless.
The good news?
The whole #MintTheCoin discussion has been very helpful for teaching people economics, as was evident today on Up With Chris Hayes.
UPDATE: Via email, coin supporter Paul Krugman gives their take: "So, are they planning moral obligation coupons / scrip, are they willing to court disaster, or are they just hopeless negotiators? I guess we'll find out." They also have a full post up here.
UPDATE II: The White House has issued a very strong followup statement.
From HuffPo:
"There are only two options to deal with the debt limit: Congress can pay its bills or they can fail to act and put the nation into default," said Press Secretary Jay Carney. "When Congressional Republicans played politics with this issue last time putting us at the edge of default, it was a blow to our economic recovery, causing our nation to be downgraded. The President and the American people won't tolerate Congressional Republicans holding the American economy hostage again simply so they can force disastrous cuts to Medicare and other programs the middle class depend on while protecting the wealthy. Congress needs to do its job."
UPDATE III: On background, a Democratic aide in the Senate says: "it's certainly a strange negotiating strategy to go out of your way to decrease your leverage by taking options off the table."
There aren't too many hot button issues in the hockey world that get as contentious as the debate over college hockey or major junior. The age-old controversy was ignited again Wednesday morning when Mike McMahon of College Hockey News first reported that Jeremy Bracco was leaving Boston College for the Ontario Hockey League's Kitchener Rangers.
There's little mystery which side of the aisle this writer stands on. Right or wrong, I'll stand on the side of college hockey all day, all night. Playing hockey at a high level while also receiving a world-class education for free is hard to pass up. Add in all the evidence that college hockey prepares its players for the physicality of the next level by more time in the gym, and it should be easy to see why some would question Bracco's decision.
There has been plenty of speculation. Agents, scouts and former coaches have spoken of academic trouble and a hockey family who wants to be held on a higher pedestal.
However, this isn't about college hockey or major junior. This is about loyalty, making a commitment, and sticking with it. If a player makes a commitment to a team, and teammates, they ought to honor it. The same stands true for the coaches and the schools. This isn't a one-sided debate. It's just as disingenuous for schools to over-commit players as it is for kids to de-commit.
If Bracco had made this decision this past Summer, one could argue the merits of college hockey or major junior. It could have been portrayed as a de-commitment because of the fact Bracco had announced their intentions of playing for Jerry York's Eagles.
But, it would not have been as misguided as the decision was to leave teammates behind in midseason. Jeremy Bracco is a gifted hockey player, but their penchant for making selfish decisions will not sit well as their career progresses.
They could have benefited from the strength and conditioning program at Boston College. They would have learned under the tutelage of the winningest coach in NCAA history. They would have worn the uniform that has sent countless players to the NHL over the past few decades.
Like them or hate them, Boston College has been the leader in producing NHL talent since Jerry York arrives at The Heights in 1994.
If I'm an aspiring hockey player, an agent of a promising prospect or a sane parent, I know what decision I'm making. I'd take the Boston College education and Jerry York's hockey program over the Kitchener Rangers any day of the year.
All this being said, the debate over the better route to the NHL is less important here than the timing of the decision. Backing out on a commitment to teammates and a coaching staff that showed loyalty to the player is an all-too-common trend across sports.
In sports and in life, our culture would be more well served if we showed a little more loyalty and commitment to keeping our word.
----
Jeff Cox covers college, junior, high school and prep hockey, NCAA recruiting and NHL Draft prospects. Follow them on Twitter @JeffCoxSports.
From George (For Context see Chapter 1 )
Dec 16, 2016
The Mormon Stories group is interesting. My friend has been watching it for almost five years now, and for all the claims that it is a “safe space,” it seems nothing of the sort. It seems to be mostly populated by people eager to help folks leave mormonism and a few individuals gullible enough to believe that it is a forum that is safe for questioning. The only safety there is in bashing the Church and your warm reception there is because they recognize you for what you are. To put it politely, you are someone trying to be an exit counselor, but you want to do it while simultaneously wearing the imprimatur of a member of the Church, ostensibly in good fellowship. Based on what you've written, you seem hopeful that your stake president will even give it their blessing. It seems clear to me, and I trust to anyone else who might read your extensive writing on the subject, that you have no interest in helping people regain their testimony and actually be productive members of the Kingdom. Instead, the impact of your efforts will only lead people to leave the Church or to hide in plain site as you are attempting to do.
Please inform me better if I am misreading you. Would you consider your efforts a success if someone you worked with returned to full fellowship and sustained the brethren? I doubt it. If one of your Talkeria crowd called you today and said, “you know what Sam? I was wrong. The Church is right on gay marriage. I'm not troubled by any of the historical stuff either. Thanks for talking with me, but I don't find your advice useful any more.” Would that be a success in your book?
I wish I could wish you well in your work. I fear that you are accomplishing nothing of eternal value, and contributing great harm to the souls of those you influence. As your efforts seem only calculated to remove people from the Church and inspire insurrection among those that stay, I cannot wish you well with this. No good and honest member of the Church could in good conscience.
My Response
Dec 17, 2016
Dear George,
Thanks for responding in an attempt to understand where my heart is. That means a lot to me.
I really owe you a debt of gratitude. You have forced my hand. I'm going to lay cards on the table that I have hidden until now. I'm coming out of the closet to reveal my true intent.
This doesn't have anything to do with coming out to the Stake President or the Bishop. I've been open with them. They know where I stand & how I believe. My Stake President has read my blog and watched the Mormon Stories interview with John Dehlin. They are both good men with good hearts.
This isn't about coming out to my fellow members. Hiding in plain sight? Sometimes I wish I'd hidden. But, I didn't. I've been naively open. Many members in my ward and stake have also read my blog and seen the John Dehlin podcast.
Nope. The people that I have not been transparent with are my friends who have left the church and those who are seriously considering it. I'm a little nervous about coming clean. But, I trust my friends who have made their exit from the church. I have found a safe place among them to sort out my journey. It was within the sheltered Facebook walls of the Mormon Stories Group that I made my decision to stay in the LDS church. Made my decision to embrace the teachings and example of Jesus Christ. Made my decision to go back to the temple. Made my decision to create a safe space for people to talk and stay in the church if possible.
George, during my faith journey, there were no safe spaces inside the church to discuss my questions and doubts. No one to empathize. Actually, no one I knew could empathize with my pain and loneliness, because they had not undergone this journey.
A year ago, if I had told my Mormon Stories friends what I'm going to tell you now, I likely would have been harshly judged. But, over that 12 months, we have built together, a relationship of trust, love and friendship that can endure the outing of what I have hidden from them.
Here goes.
1. When I talk to someone with doubts, my preference is that they stay in the church.
2. When someone decides to leave. My hope is that they can find a way to stay.
3. When someone has left, I hope there might be a way for them to come back.
4. Every time I hear someone's journey out of the church, I tear up. Another empty chair at an empty table.
I don't invite my friends to come back to church. I know why they left. I am acquainted with the damage the church has caused them. I honor, respect and understand their decision. These are good, intelligent & thoughtful people. They have made an excruciating decision to leave a place that has been an integral and vital part of their lives for years. As rational adults, they have made the tough choice that walking away from the church is best for them and their family.
For those, who are in the process of leaving, I want to help alleviate the anguish and loneliness of their journey. Their dignity should remain intact. Not shred to pieces by judgmental pettiness. Hopefully, those who leave would remain friendly to the church. Instead, our current culture and methods are creating lots of enemies. You complained about the nature of the comments in Mormon Stories. They are actually mild compared to other social venues that are much larger and more vitriolic. The church created the unfriendly attitudes that are now on full display there. We blame it on them. The problem is us.
For 14 months, I have lived among what you consider the enemy. They are not our enemy….if only we would treat them with love, respect and understanding. When we throw condemnation. It's hurled back at us. One of my favorite scriptures is John 3:17, “For God sent NOT their Son into the world to condemn the world.” I have chosen to embrace the teachings and example of Jesus. How can I possibly condemn anyone? Well, sometimes I do. It's a slip up. Barring the slip ups, I'm not going to condemn anyone who has left the church, no matter the volume or the vitriol.
Nor do I condemn you, George. I see now what your motives are…and understand them. You are interested in people staying in the church. Well, you and I have that in common. We're just coming at it from different directions. I'm at the back door. For that matter, I'm the lone man at the back door. That needs to change.
As you probably know, I voted opposed for the first time at April General Conference. I had a 3 hour conversation with my Bishop and Stake President. That gave us plenty of time to discuss my reasoning. They were good with it. But, my wise bishop said this, “Sam, be prepared for people to misunderstand you.” Sure enough, most everybody has misunderstood and misjudged where my heart is. That's one of the reasons that I really appreciate you seeking to understand.
As far as I know, not one person has left the church because of my writings. However, over the past 2 years, I have witnessed hundreds of people leave the church. Their journey was aided by joining the ‘safe spaces' inhabited by the ‘enemy' because there was no safe space of aid and understanding within the church. There are tons of support groups outside the church for doubting members and those who have left. There are exactly ZERO support groups for those struggling and attempting to stay. The closest thing to it is my Talkeria. But, it does not have any support from the church.
Although, I've seen scores leave, I have also assisted many in staying. I have now heard the following phrase several times, “I'm holding on by my fingernails.” Almost every week someone contacts me who's struggling, but wants to stay. Here are some examples.
Last month a man in my stake invited me to lunch. They basically wanted to know how I manage to stay. Their wife and they both have big questions but would prefer not to leave. They have several children. They had been extended a significant calling by the stake and was reluctant to accept. They have since taken the calling. Their beliefs are non-traditional. I hope they can endure until a safe support group for struggling members can be established. Until then they are truly hiding in plain sight….and in silent loneliness. Fortunately, their wife is in the same place.
Last week another family contacted me. They sent a long letter. These were the final words, “Nobody in my ward knows. I don't really know why I'm telling you all this. It's just comforting to feel like I can talk about it. I think you are the first LDS member I have ever told. I go to church every Sunday. I want to keep going to church every Sunday. But, I don't want to sit in during lessons.” They and I are going to lunch this coming week.
Today, this came in: “I've shared some of your thoughts with the bishop of the ward in which I used to reside. They now wear a rainbow pin on their suit coat and shuts down any discussion they hear about LGBT persons having less worth. This particular bishop also has a stepson who is gay. They have had to work hard to be accepting and not harsh where this young man is concerned. It has truly opened their eyes. If you get a friend request from _______ or ______, they are my daughter and son-in-law. They are trying to stay in the church despite a growing discomfort to the lack of respect shown to the LGBT community.”
George, I don't really have a pathway all nicely laid out in front of me. My guide has been the gorgeous teachings of the Savior, like the Parable of the Good Samaritan. I am certainly open to suggestions, especially from someone as concerned for the welfare of the church as you.
Hopefully, this gives you a good idea of my direction and intent. There are several other topics that I'd be glad to address, like the Talkeria. But, this missive is already long enough.
All My Best, Sam
P.S. You are welcome to come to a Talkeria. I think you would be pleasantly amazed.
Thomas Brezina (2018)
Thomas Conrad Brezina (* 30. Jänner 1963 in Vienna) ist ein österreichischer Kinder- und Jugendbuchautor, Drehbuchautor, Fernsehmoderator und Produzent. Er ist vor allem durch seine Buchreihen Die Knickerbocker-Bande, Ein Fall für dich und das Tiger-Team sowie die Reihe Tom Turbo und die dazugehörige Fernsehserie bekannt geworden.[1]
Bereits während seiner Schulzeit betätigte sich Brezina als Autor und erhielt 1978 den „Großen Österreichischen Jugendpreis“ für seine Drehbücher zur Puppenfernsehserie „Tim, Tom und Dominik“. In weiterer Folge begann er als Puppenspieler bei Arminio Rothstein, besser bekannt als Clown Habakuk, und spielte dort unter anderem den Zauberer Tintifax.[2]
Brezina schrieb Gutenachtgeschichten und Hörspiele für das Radio und begann schließlich als Regieassistent für Sendungen wie Am dam des, eine Kindersendung des Österreichischen Rundfunks (ORF). In weiterer Folge wurde Brezina ständiger Mitarbeiter beim ORF als Redakteur, Regisseur und schließlich Moderator für Kinder- und Jugendsendungen.[2]
1990 gelang ihm der Durchbruch als Autor von Kinder- und Jugendbüchern mit der Buchreihe Die Knickerbocker-Bande. Drei Jahre später folgte mit Tom Turbo eine Detektivserie über das tollste Fahrrad der Welt, aus der auch eine interaktive Detektivsendung im ORF entstanden ist.[3] Seit 2008 ist er verantwortlich für okidoki, das Kinderprogramm des ORF.[4]
Brezina lebt in Vienna und London.[5] Privat engagiert sich der Autor karitativ für benachteiligte Kinder und wurde 1996 offizieller Botschafter von UNICEF Österreich.[6] Zu seinem 50. Geburtstag übernahm er eine Kinderpatenschaft im Rahmen von „Licht für die Welt“[7] und engagiert sich als Testimonial für die Volkshilfe Österreich.[8] In der Ö3-Radiosendung „Frühstück bei mir“ mit Claudia Stöckl am 12. November 2017 gab Brezina bekannt, dass er seinen Lebensgefährten Ivo im Juni 2016 in London geheiratet hat.[9]
Insgesamt schrieb Brezina mehr als 550 Bücher, die teilweise in über 35 Sprachen übersetzt wurden.[10] Über 40 Millionen[2] verkaufte Bücher machen ihn zu einem der erfolgreichsten deutschsprachigen Kinder- und Jugendbuchautoren.[5]
Durch seine Arbeit an verschiedensten Drehbüchern bekam Brezina das Angebot, Bücher zu schreiben. 1990 gelang ihm der Durchbruch als Kinder- und Jugendbuchautor mit der Buchreihe Die Knickerbocker-Bande. Die Krimiserie diente 1995/1996 als Vorlage für ein Musical, ein Theaterstück, einen Film und eine Fernsehserie. Drei Jahre später schuf er Tom Turbo, das „tollste Fahrrad der Welt“, dessen Buchreihe und interaktives Fernsehformat seit mittlerweile 20 Jahren laufen.[11]
Es folgten weitere Buchreihen wie Sieben Pfoten für Penny, No Jungs! Zutritt nur für Hexen! oder Ein Fall für dich und das Tiger-Team.[2] Mit dem Tiger-Team konnte Thomas Brezina auch international und insbesondere in China Erfolge feiern und dort sogar Harry Potter in puncto Verkaufszahlen überholen.[11] Thomas Brezina schreibt auch Serien, die sich gezielt nur an Jungen oder nur an Mädchen wenden.
Die Bücher von Brezina sind Grundlage für Kino- und Fernsehfilme (Die Knickerbocker-Bande: Das sprechende Grab, Tom Turbo – Von 0 auf 111), Theaterstücke, Musicals (z. B. Ritter Rups und der Pirat Kartoffelsalat), Hörspiele und interaktive Videospiele.[4] Des Weiteren war er an der Konzeption von Lehrbüchern beteiligt, wirkte als Autor und Präsentator bei einer Reihe von Schulvideos über berühmte Komponisten mit und schrieb eine interaktive Kunstbuchreihe für Kinder (Museum der Abenteuer).[5] Zuletzt erschienen die Reihen Ein MINI-Fall für Dich und das Tiger-Team (eine Adaption des Tiger-Teams für jüngere Leser) und Liz Kiss (eine Mädchenreihe über eine Ninja-Superheldin).
Im Frühjahr 2017 gab Brezina auf seiner Facebook-Seite bekannt einen neuen Fall der Knickerbocker-Bande zu schreiben, der sich speziell an die ehemaligen Leser richten solle.[12] Die Handlung spielt dabei 20 Jahre nach Ende des letzten Bandes und die vier Mitglieder der Bande sind nun selbst erwachsen. Unter Einbindung seiner Facebook-Fans entstand so das erste Erwachsenenbuch von Brezina, das am 9. November 2017 erschien.[13] Bereits eine Woche nach dem Erscheinungstermin, am 15. November 2017, stieg das Buch auf Platz 1 der Bestsellerliste des Hauptverbandes der Buchhändler in Österreich im Bereich Belletristik ein.[14] Am 20. September 2018 erschien der zweite Teil der Erwachsenenreihe unter dem Namen „Schatten der Zukunft“, erneut bat Brezina via Facebook und Instagram um die Unterstützung seiner Fans in der Entstehung des Buchs.[15] Die Handlung des zweiten Teils spielt großteils in London.
Im Herbst 2018 erschien im Verlag edition a mit „Tu es einfach und glaub daran“ erstmals ein Sachbuch von Thomas Brezina. Das Buch bringt dem Leser mittels kurzer, teils autobiographischer Kapitel Tipps und Tricks zum Thema Freude und glücklicherem Leben näher.[16] Für sein erstes Sachbuch wurde Brezina das goldene Buch vom Hauptverband der Buchhändler in Österreich verliehen.[17]
Brezina war an der Entstehung von über 40 Fernsehformaten beteiligt, teils als Autor, Produzent oder Moderator.[2] Hauptsächlich finden sich die Sendungen im Programm des ORF, werden aber auch auf TV Educasi, Al Jaazera Children, Arte, DaVinci Learning, Nick, Sat.1 und SuperRTL ausgestrahlt.[4] Jahrelang schrieb er die Drehbücher für die Verkehrserziehungssendung Helmi[18]. Als Moderator war Brezina unter anderem in den Fernsehformaten Am dam des, Die Rätselburg, Spielegalaxie, Drachenschatz und Forscherexpress zu sehen.[2] Zu seinen in Österreich bekanntesten Sendungen gehört die von ihm konzipierte Kinderkrimiserie Die heiße Spur / Tom Turbo / Tom Turbo Detektivclub, die seit 1993 regelmäßig im Kinderprogramm des ORF läuft.[3]
Seit 2008 ist Brezina verantwortlich für okidoki, das Kinderprogramm des ORF.[19] Im Rahmen von okidoki moderierte Thomas Brezina beispielsweise Trickfabrik, 7 Wunder und Genau, so geht's. Er ist auch in die Konzeption von Serien involviert, die zwar im Rahmen von okidoki entstanden sind, aber auch bei Partnersendern wie KIKA ausgestrahlt werden. Das Flaggschiff darunter ist aktuell der ABC-Bär, bei dem Kinder spielerisch beim Lesenlernen unterstützt werden. Seit Sommer 2016 wurde die Sendung um englischsprachige Elemente erweitert, um zusätzlich das Lernen neuer Sprachen zu unterstützen.[20]
Weitere Projekte [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Abseits von Buch, Film und Fernsehen hat Brezina Veranstaltungsreihen für Kinder ausgerichtet, wie zum Beispiel den Wien-Detektiv, eine Gratisbuch-Aktion der Stadt Wien für Kinder zwischen 6 und 12 Jahren, die Brezina zusammen mit der damaligen Wiener Vizebürgermeisterin Grete Laska gestartet hatte. Ziel der Aktion war es, die Leselust der Kinder zu wecken und sie dazu anzuregen, ihre Stadt besser kennenzulernen.[21] Das erste Spiel startete 2004 mit der Gratisbuch-Aktion „Das Gold des Basilisken“. Im Buch, das ein Sonderband der Ein Fall für dich und das Tiger-Team-Serie ist, war ein Rätsel, mit dessen Hilfe man ein Codewort knacken konnte, mit dem man sich wiederum auf der Internetseite des Projektes registrieren und jede Woche Preise gewinnen konnte. Die Wochensieger traten im Oktober 2004 gegeneinander im Finale an. Der Sieger durfte ein Wochenende in London verbringen und mit Thomas Brezina das Sherlock-Holmes-Museum besichtigen. Das Spiel wurde im Jubiläumsjahr 2005 (60 Jahre Zweite Republik) fortgesetzt. Das neue Buch von Thomas Brezina, das die Nachkriegsjahre in Vienna, 50 Jahre Staatsvertrag, 60 Jahre Kriegsende thematisiert, hieß „Der Schatz des lieben Augustin“. Wie im Jahr zuvor wurden 50.000 Gratisbücher an die Wiener Kinder verteilt. Dadurch, und das Internet-Spiel zwischen Ende März/Anfang April und Ende Juni sollte Vienna für Kinder erlebbar werden.[22] Das Finale fand mit einer Preisverleihung anlässlich der Kinder-Gratisbuchaktion durch Vizebürgermeisterin Grete Laska und Thomas Brezina am 9. September 2005 in der Gasometer-City statt.[23]
Gemeinsam mit Gerhard Krammer hat Brezina vier Musicals über Rups, den kleinen Ritter, für das Familienfestival Forchtenstein Fantastisch auf Burg Forchtenstein geschrieben, die insgesamt sieben Jahre aufgeführt wurden.[24]
Die Tourismusregion Serfaus–Fiss–Ladis bietet einen Erlebniswanderweg für Kinder an, der von Brezina entworfen wurde. Das Programm „Abenteuerberge“ umfasst drei Wanderwege, auf denen Kinder mit einer speziellen Ausrüstung verschiedene Rätsel lösen können.[25]
Für den Wiener Stephansdom hat Brezina einen Audioguide für Kinder kreiert, der die Vergangenheit des Domes altersgerecht präsentiert.[26]
2017 wurde am Flughafen Wien-Schwechat das Besucherzentrum, eine multimediale Erlebniswelt für Groß und Klein, bei der man das Geschehen auf dem Flughafen und in der Luftfahrt erforschen kann, eröffnet. Es wurde unter anderem von Thomas Brezina gestaltet.[27]
Werke und Buchserien (Auswahl) [ Bearbeiten | Quelltext bearbeiten ]
Yesterday, Michael Lerner had a piece in the Washington Post in which they argued that Obama must face a primary challenge to save their presidency.
With their base deeply disillusioned, many progressives are starting to believe that Obama has little chance of winning reelection unless they enthusiastically embrace a populist agenda and worldview – soon. Yet there is little chance that will happen without a massive public revolt by their constituency that goes beyond rallies, snide remarks from television personalities or indignant op-eds. […] But there is a real way to save the Obama presidency: by challenging them in the 2012 presidential primaries with a candidate who would unequivocally commit to a well-defined progressive agenda and contrast it with the Obama administration's policies.
The stakes are actually much higher than that.
In retrospect, it was unfortunate that the Democrats won such resounding victories in 2006 and 2008 — because they had done little to deserve it. They were brought back into power, not on the strength of their convictions and the soundness and clarity of their platform, but simply because Bush/Cheney and the Republicans in Congress were such an unmitigated disaster. It took two losing wars, the rank criminality of DeLay/Abramoff, and Republican incompetence from Katrina to the economy to get the Democrats back in office.
But what did the Democrats really stand for in 2006 or 2008? Opposition to everything Bush, and that's about it. That was certainly necessary — there is little question that opposing Bush's disastrous policies was critical. And Bush's activist agenda made it difficult to do much else. But that opposition inhibited the development of a clear, affirmative agenda, an agenda which had grown increasingly corporatist and vanilla after the Clinton '90s — a good decade for the country, to be sure, but not a good decade at all for the Democratic Party. The Democrats did not spend their time in the wilderness crafting a clear rebuke of Reaganism, as they should have.
I remember hearing Nancy Pelosi speak at Netroots Nation in 2008. Someone asked them what the Democratic Party stood for, and they delivered a completely rambling, incoherent answer, filled with random policy goals (we're for education!, we're for science!). It was shocking to hear the Speaker of the House be unable to clearly articulate what defined their own party, in one or two short sentences.
It was into this void that Barack Obama campaigned for the nomination. Because the Democratic platform and ideals had been watered down after the Clinton/Bush eras, the party would be defined completely by Obama, for better or worse.
Well, worse it is.
I used to scoff at those who would say as late as 2006 that there was no difference between the parties. How can you say that, I'd ask: do you really think the country would've been different under President Gore? But now, Obama has made that argument much more difficult.
By continuing the Bush/Cheney Wall Street bailouts, amplifying the War on Terror in Afghanistan and Pakistan, enhancing the worst of the executive power grabs, refusing to investigate or prosecute the criminality of the Bush/Cheney terror policies, failing to champion serious environmental reforms, by doing a stimulus bill that was loaded up with tax cuts to attract GOP votes, extending the irresponsible Bush tax cuts for the rich — and of course, delivering a Republican health insurance bill, stripped of its meager progressive elements — Obama has all but obliterated the meaningful differences between the Republican and Democratic parties.
With a Republican in the White House, there still would've been some stimulus. Maybe one with even more tax cuts, but something, certainly. Remember, the House and Senate were still held by Democrats, and McCain loved to dress up as a moderate for the cameras. No, McCain would not have nominated Sotomayor and Kagan to the Supreme Court, and they would likely have taken a more bellicose posture against Iran and North Korea. But when you're reduced to SCOTUS nominations and rhetoric, you're scraping the bottom of the barrel.
Really, to get the GOP position on anything, just add the word “more” to the Obama's: more tax cuts, more war, more corporatism, more fealty to Wall Street, more screwing of the American worker.
Unless a progressive Democrat challenges Obama from the left, the Democratic Party will be synonymous with Obama's corporatist, hawkish agenda for years — an agenda which seems to please only the Evan Bayh/Blue Dog wing of the Democratic Party. It certainly does not appeal to independents — whose support of Obama has cratered recently, and certainly not the base of the Democratic Party, who delivered such resounding victories in '06 and '08 in opposition to Bush.
Obama's presidency might be a lost cause, but for the good of the country, the soul of the Democratic Party must be saved. And the only way to do that is to challenge them for the Democratic nomination in 2012.
New York Times columnist Bret Stephens is outraged that Breitbart News executive chairperson Steve Bannon spoke at the Zionist Organization of America dinner on Sunday night. So outraged, in fact, that they are wiling to disgrace themselves by hurling the same baseless accusations of antisemitism that have been aimed at Bannon since they were named CEO of the Trump campaign last August — and by embracing anti-Israel propaganda in the process.
Stephens, borrowing from the anti-Israel left, is at pains to separate support for Israel from support for Jews. They accept that Bannon is pro-Israel — but supporters of Israel, they say, should not want Bannon's support.
Why? They claim that Bannon has “well-documented links to anti-Semitic white nationalists.” Their “proof” is that Bannon claimed last summer that Breitbart News was “the platform for the alt-right.” But Bannon later clarified: “Our definition of the alt-right is younger people who are anti-globalists, very nationalist, terribly anti-establishment.” They noted that Breitbart News — owned and run, disproportionately, by Jews — has “zero tolerance” for antisemitism.
That won't do for Stephens, who tries to link Bannon, via the alt-right reference, to neo-Nazi Richard Spencer. They link to Milo Yiannopoulos's March 2016 article on the alt-right, claiming that “Breitbart has sung the praises of Spencer.”
But the only reference to Spencer is as follows: “The media empire of the modern-day alternative right coalesced around Richard Spencer during their editorship of Taki's Magazine. In 2010, Spencer founded AlternativeRight.com, which would become a center of alt-right thought.” (Did Stephens hope no one would check?)
Stephens then goes on to classify Bannon, with the actual Nazis, as “anti-Semitic Zionists.” In the process, they claim: “The Nazis initially endorsed the idea of getting German Jews to shove off to Mandated Palestine” (original link). That is a gross distortion of history — one favored by anti-Israel propaganda, which often exaggerates arrangements made by desperate Jews fleeing a murderous regime to argue that the Zionists were secretly in cahoots with Hitler.
Stephens does not seem to care that they are lending undue weight to anti-Israel propaganda. In the effort to marginalize Bannon, Breitbart, and — the real target — President Donald Trump, sacrifices must be made.
The dishonesty of Stephens's accusation is evident in the fact that they completely ignore the voluminous evidence of Bannon's affinity for Jews — not just Israel, but Jews themselves.
There is, first of all, the firsthand testimony of the many Jews (including myself) who have worked with Bannon for years, not just at Breitbart but elsewhere. Bannon's hand-picked aide at the White House was former Breitbart News reporter Julia Hahn — also Jewish. There are also rabbis who have met with and vouched publicly for Bannon — including Shmuley Boteach, among others. Then there is Bannon's track record in helping to Jews from antisemitism on college campuses. The list goes on.
Stephens pretends they are saving the pro-Israel movement from association with Bannon, the way the anti-Israel movement has been tarnished by its association with radical bigots like Linda Sarsour.
In fact, they are risking the credibility of the pro-Israel movement by lashing out at supporters of one of the most pro-Israel presidents in American history.  They are also trashing their own credibility with false, hateful, and easily disproved allegations.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
UPDATE 10:20AM Tuesday: A highly credible source tells YWN, that the person in custody had jumped in front of a train around a week ago. The incident occurred on Avenue J an East 16th Street, and at the time, the victim was in critical condition. Their current condition is unknown. The incident was reported at the time on YWN NYC.
UPDATE 8:50AM Tuesday: The decomposing body of a woman was discovered in a Brooklyn home Monday night, along with a note claiming the victim had been casting spells on their husband.
The 57-year-old woman was found by police responding to a report of a foul odor coming from the home on Avenue N in Midwood just before 9:45 p.m.
Officers found the victim's body in in the basement in a severe state of decomposition.  They are estimated to have been dead for at least a week.
Police say they had been stabbed multiple times in the back.
The officers discovered a note on their body, purportedly written by their husband, claiming that they were casting spells on him.
Detectives were looking for the husband, who has not been seen recently. As a result of the ongoing investigation, a person of interest has been taken into custody, but it is not clear who that person was.
Identification of the victim is pending proper family notification.
FIRST REPORT 10:45PM Monday: The NYPD is investigating a homicide in the heart of Flatbush, Monday night.
Sources tell YWN NYC, that a female was found with multiple stab wounds in the basement of a home on Avenue N and East 14th Street. They were apparently murdered more than a week ago, and just discovered this evening.
A crime scene has been established, with numerous detectives on the scene interviewing neighbors. The NYC Medical Examiners Office is on the scene, as well as volunteers from Misaskim.
UPDATE 6:15AM Tuesday: The NYPD has taken a person of interest into custody in regards to this case.
No further information is available about the victim or the incident.
(YWN Desk – NYC / AP / WABC)
Ottawa Public Health officials say a patient who was in isolation at The Ottawa Hospital does not have the Ebola virus.
The unnamed patient was one of two in Ontario — the other is in a Belleville hospital — with symptoms and a travel and exposure history that prompted health authorities to consider Ebola as a possible cause of their illness. Both were placed in isolation pending the outcome of tests.
Early Monday evening, the Ottawa Hospital and public health officials cleared their patient, saying test results were “negative” and “the patient will no longer require isolation.”
The decision offers a modicum of relief in a world increasingly concerned about the seemingly rapid spread of the Ebola virus from its origins in West Africa. Even as Ottawa health officials were awaiting the test results, the World Health Organization called the Ebola outbreak “the most severe, acute health emergency seen in modern times.” According to the UN agency, the virus has killed more than 4,000 people worldwide.
The Canadian government is taking the threat seriously. Human testing of an experimental Canadian-made Ebola vaccine begins Monday, with federal officials saying the drug could be shipped to West Africa within months if it proves effective. “This provides hope because if the Canadian vaccine is shown to be safe and effective, it will stop this devastating outbreak,” said Health Minister Rona Ambrose.
Local officials, meanwhile, praised the Ottawa patient for coming forward. The man called the Ottawa Hospital Sunday afternoon to say they had travelled through the regions in West Africa that have been affected by the Ebola outbreak and was showing symptoms of the disease.
“We want to thank and commend the patient for following recommendations to travellers from affected countries (who) develop symptoms to call the receiving hospital prior to coming to hospital so that all appropriate infection control measures can be fully implemented prior to the patient's arrival,” officials said in a statement released Monday night.
Both the Ottawa and the Belleville patients were considered “suspect cases” that could not be ruled false alarms until test results cleared Ebola as the cause. As a precautionary measure, both patients were in isolation, one at the General campus of the Ottawa Hospital, the other at Belleville General Hospital.
The Ottawa case marks the second time this year the region has tested a patient for Ebola. In August, a three-year-old girl in Gatineau tested negative for the disease after showing symptoms upon returning from a visit to Sierra Leone.
National public health officials also said Monday they are also aware of a case of a patient in isolation in an Edmonton hospital with Ebola-like symptoms, but suggested tests would come back negative. Tests also came back negative for a suspect case in Toronto earlier this month.
The cases highlight what Belleville's medical officer of health, Dr. Richard Schabas, suggested would become a recurring event in the coming weeks as aid workers trying to stop the tide of Ebola in West Africa return home to Canada. They even suggested Canadians would “become very used to it,” referring to patients being put in isolation as a precautionary measure.
Provincial, territorial and federal public health officials are to meet Tuesday to discuss Ebola protocols at hospitals and if changes are required.
Generally, hospital protocols require that a patient suspected of having the Ebola virus be isolated and staff treating the patient wear full personal protective equipment. The idea is to stop the virus from spreading.
It doesn't always work. American public health authorities have intensified their monitoring of hospital workers in Dallas, Texas who cared for a Liberian man who died of Ebola. The stepped-up efforts came a day after a 26-year-old nurse tested positive for the virus.
The nurse, identified as Nina Pham, was wearing protective clothing — a gown, gloves, mask and face shield — when they took care of Thomas Eric Duncan, but became the first person to contract the disease within the United States.  They are currently in isolation and remains in stable condition, officials said Monday.
In the Ottawa case — and thanks to the patient's prior notice — General campus staff were able to immediately place them in isolation and thus limit their contact with other hospital staff and patients. Blood samples were sent to the National Microbiology Lab in Winnipeg for testing.
Details about the patient were withheld by the hospital due to privacy considerations. The hospital said there were no concerns for anyone visiting the hospital.
“All necessary precautions are being taken to ensure the safety of other patients, visitors and hospital staff,” said Dr. Jonathan Angel, an infectious disease specialist at the hospital. “Strict infection prevention and control measures in Ontario hospitals means the risk of Ebola to other patients and health care workers is minimal.”
In the Belleville case, a man was also placed in isolation at Belleville General Hospital after showing symptoms of the disease. They had just returned from Africa, having a brief stopover in Sierra Leone where they didn't leave the airport, and walked into the hospital's emergency room early Monday morning.
Within four minutes of entering the hospital, the man was in isolation where they will remain until at least Tuesday when the results of blood tests are expected.
Public health officials in that region said it was unlikely the patient will test positive for Ebola and the risk to anyone else was “theoretical.” They saw no immediate connection to the case in Ottawa and would only explore the possibility if the test results come back positive.
Ebola is not airborne and is only spread through close contact involving bodily fluids. The sicker someone is with the Ebola virus, the more they or they are spread the disease. Symptoms of the disease can include a cough or fever. The virus spreads through close contact with a symptomatic person's bodily fluids such as blood, sweat, vomit, feces, urine, saliva or semen. In its later stages, Ebola can cause internal and external bleeding that can lead to death.
The outbreak is so far focused mainly in the West African countries of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. To date, there has not been a confirmed case of Ebola in Canada, but authorities have started screening passengers arriving at Canadian airports, including Ottawa, from those countries as well as other nations in the region to keep the disease out of the country.
There are 219 Canadians registered with embassies in the area, although there may be more who aren't registered. Ambrose urged any Canadian in the region who wasn't there on a humanitarian mission to leave.
In Ottawa, local authorities want travellers arriving from Sierra Leone, Liberia or Guinea to contact Ottawa Public Health and/or Telehealth Ontario on arrival for advice on self-monitoring. The OPH number is 613-580-6744. Telehealth can reach at 1-866-797-0000.
With files from The Canadian Press
jpress@ottawacitizen.com
Twitter.com/jpress
TRIPOLI/TUNIS (Reuters) - Islamic State militants in Libya have killed two Tunisian journalists kidnapped last year, Libyan officials said on Wednesday, following the murder of five television reporters discovered this week.
The Tunisian government will immediately send a delegation to Libya to discuss the case, said a Tunis official, declining to confirm the deaths of Sofian Chourabi and Nadhir Ktari who were kidnapped about eight months ago.
A spokesperson for Libya's official government based in eastern Libya said an arrested militant had admitted that their group had killed the two reporters.
The spokesperson said that was the same group of Islamic State militants that had killed five journalists - an Egyptian and four Libyans - working for Libya Barqa TV channel. Their bodies with slit throats were found in eastern Libya on Monday.
A statement by the rival self-declared government in Tripoli also said the two Tunisians had been killed, citing its investigations with suspects.
The journalists working for Barqa TV had been missing since August, when they set off for Benghazi from the eastern city of Tobruk after covering the inauguration of the country's elected parliament there. Their route took them through Derna, a militant Islamist hotspot.
Militants loyal to Islamic State have exploited a security vacuum in Libya, where two governments and parliaments allied to host of various armed groups are fighting each other on several fronts four years after the ousting of strongman Muammar Gaddafi.
Islamic State, which has seized large parts of Syria and Iraq, has claimed responsibility in Libya for the killing of 30 Ethiopian and 21 Egyptian Christians as well as an attack on a Tripoli hotel, embassies and oilfields.
Six states, Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Telangana, have written to the India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) urging the regulator to declare a “holiday” on establishment of new engineering colleges in these states from 2018.
Advertising
With the trend of vacant seats in technical programmes continuing unabated even this year, these states have also requested AICTE to impose a temporary ban on capacity expansion in existing institutes. Engineering makes up 70 per cent of technical education in India. Management (MBA), pharmacy, computer applications (MCA), architecture, town planning, hotel management and ‘applied arts and crafts' form the rest. Of the 15.5 lakh BE/BTech seats in 3,291 engineering colleges across the country, 51 per cent were vacant in 2016-17, according to AICTE data recently investigated by The Indian Express.
AICTE Chairman Anil Sahasrabudhe said that the Council has accepted the suggestions of four — Haryana, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Telangana — of the six states and any future approval to new institutes there will only be given keeping their views in mind. “Himachal Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh have simply asked us to not permit any new institutes. This isn't good enough. Haryana, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Telangana have backed their plea with reasons and even with a perspective plan. So we have asked the two states (MP and HP) to do the same for us to consider their request,” said Sahasrabudhe.
Read | To fill empty seats, colleges lower bar, hire agents to cast their net
Advertising
In 2016-17, 58 per cent of 98,247 B.E/B.Tech seats in MP found no takers. In HP, 74 per cent of the 7,830 seats were vacant last year. A three-month long investigation by this newspaper to find why engineering seats were going unfilled found glaring gaps in regulation, including alleged corruption; a vicious circle of poor infrastructure, labs and faculty; non-existent linkages with industry and the absence of a technical ecosystem that can nurture the classroom. All this accounting for low employability of graduates and, therefore, an abysmal record of job placement. In short, a steady devaluation of Brand BE/BTech.
Read | BTech (Fail): Empty seats, ghost campuses, unskilled graduates
AICTE's enrolment data analysed by The Indian Express had shown that crisis in engineering education was at its worst in Haryana. At 74 per cent, the state had the highest proportion of vacant engineering seats in 2016-17. In its letter addressed to AICTE, the technical education department of Haryana has estimated that almost 70 per cent of its BTech seats were left vacant even in the current academic year. The abysmal admission record has prompted the state to seek a two-year moratorium (2018-19 and 2019-10) on new technical institutes. Haryana has also suggested that the regulator should not permit any increase seats in existing institutes “without ensuring quality training of students … by way of results, placements and potential applicants/admissions etc.”
“The need of the hour is to improve the quality of existing technical institutions, rather than the capacity in terms of institutions/intake. The concept of self-financing institutions needs to be reviewed in view of its relevance as large number of seats are lying vacant and due to lack of resources, the quality of training is severely affected,” the technical education department of the state had said in its letter to AICTE.
Interview with AICTE Chairman: Impossible to run an institute without compromising on quality when there are so many unfilled seats
“The students passed out from these institutions remain unemployed due to lack of skill resulting in great loss to the society. Institutions have lower admissions below a threshold for the last three years may be closed in order to ensure good quality training to students. However, the institutions established by the government of india/state government in future having built-in quality mechanism and sufficient resources may be allowed to be opened,” the state has further suggested. Similarly, Telangana, where 47 per cent of 1.4 lakh BTech seats had found no takers last year, has asked AICTE to “declare a holiday” on establishment of new engineering colleges from next year and this holiday “may also be extended to B.Pharmacy, MBA/MCA Institutions”.
Telangana, however, wants the Council to make an exception only for educationally backward districts of the state. That apart, it wants that the regulator should not sanction intake in excess of 120 seats per branch at the undergraduate level and 24 at the postgraduate level. Telangana is also not in favour of permitting engineering colleges in the state to start a “second shift”.
Chhattisgarh, with 63 per cent of the 22,934 undergraduate engineering seats vacant in 2016-17, has urged to regulator that new institutes should only be approved with “prior consultation with the state and only in those districts where there is no engineering college and industrial development in taking place” and no capacity expansion in engineering courses.
Advertising
“Institutes or branches with less than 10 per cent admission over last three years should be closed down immediately,” reads the state's letter, which also informed AICTE that the proportion of empty seats in undergraduate engineering programme in the current year had increased to almost 67 per cent. Rajasthan, which had 67 per cent of its 58,013 BTech seats left unoccupied last year, wants that no new private technical institution should be allowed in the state except for three districts Jaisalmer, Kasauli and Udaipur.
The bellicose Telegraph climate sceptic has complained to the BBC of being 'intellectually raped' on Horizon during an interview with Nobel prize-winner Sir Paul Nurse
I'm looking forward to watching Horizon: Science Under Attack this evening. First, it is about a question that impinges on much public debate about science – how can scientists be open to dialogue and scrutiny from the public without being derailed by politically motivated attack and mischievous wrecking?
But I must confess, I am also intrigued to see one of the most forthright and at times vicious commentators on global warming, James Delingpole, torn apart (by their own admission) in an interview.
The Telegraph blogger is not on the receiving end of an acerbic Jeremy Paxman or belligerent John Humphrys.  They are questioned by the new president of the Royal Society, the distinguished geneticist and Nobel prize-winner Sir Paul Nurse. I have not seen the programme, but Delingpole apparently complained to the BBC afterwards that they had been "intellectually raped" by Nurse. More about that later.
Such a confrontation is perhaps inevitable in a programme about why public debate and science sometimes seem so far apart. Scientists have always had to argue their case, and rightly so, but Nurse believes they are now fighting a more fundamental battle – one for public trust. As the programme blurb puts it:
Key scientific ideas – such as climate change, MMR vaccinations and genetically modified foods – now polarise public opinion; it's clear that scientific opinion and consensus isn't always supported by the public. Sir Paul sets out to investigate how this gap between scientists and the public has developed, meeting leading investigators and well-known critics of some of the world's most contentious scientific theories.
Among others, Nurse talks to Tony, an American with Aids who is not convinced that their disease is caused by the HIV virus. So, instead of receiving clinically supported anti-retroviral treatments, they treat themselves with yoghurts and their own nutritional programme.
And then there's Delingpole.
Nurse told me that they simply presented Delingpole with a hypothetical question: if a dear relative was suffering from a fatal disease, would they opt for the "consensus" treatment recommended by doctors, or advice to drink more orange juice offered by a fringe maverick quack? In terms of the science of climate change, that fringe maverick is analogous, of course, to Delingpole's own position.
Delingpole apparently found the line of questioning too much to handle and was purportedly lost for words. They at one point, according to Nurse, asked for the film crew to stop filming.
Delingpole told the Guardian they denied asking the crew to stop filming. "The interview went on for about three hours – there were various points where I said 'I've had enough, I want a tea break.' There was no point where I felt that the interview had to be stopped because I was in any way uncomfortable with what Nurse was saying." Asked if they had called the BBC to say they had been "intellectually raped" afterwards, they said: "I don't think I would have said that, because they are incapable of intellectually raping me."
This vision of a shrinking violet is not the man who comes across in their bellicose Telegraph blog. In that medium they seem pretty keen to dish it out without the slightest provocation. In a recent post, for example, they referred to the people who run London zoo as having "eco-fascist leanings" for daring to suggest that climate change might be connected with the extinction of corals.
To Delingpole, Roger Harrabin is the "the BBC's High Priest of Gaian Worship and Climate Alarmism". And in an outburst worthy of Sarah Palin, Delingpole reaches for their metaphorical semi-automatic:
"...the Warmist faith so fervently held and promulgated by the Met Office is exactly the same faith so passionately, unswervingly followed by David Cameron, Chris Huhne, Greg Barker, the Coalition's energy spokesperson in the Lords Lord Marland, and all but five members of the last parliament. And also by the BBC, the Prince of Wales, almost every national newspaper, the European Union, the Royal Society, the New York Times, CNBC, the Obama administration, the Australian and New Zealand governments, your children's schools, our major universities, our minor universities, the University of East Anglia, your local council… Truly there just aren't enough bullets!"
Delingpole is clearly a very angry man, but perhaps they should develop a thicker skin.
• This article was amended on 25 January. We incorrectly spelled John Humphrys's name. This has been corrected.
Researchers led by Martin Fussenegger, Professor of Biotechnology and Bioengineering at ETH Zurich's Department of Biosystems Science and Engineering in Basel, have performed a feat that many specialists had until now held to be impossible: they have extracted stem cells from a 50-year-old test subject's fatty tissue and applied genetic reprogramming to make them mature into functional beta cells.
In the presence of glucose, the beta cells generated using this "genetic software" produce the hormone insulin - just like natural beta cells, which are found in the pancreas. The researchers reported this in the journal Nature Communications.
Maturation dynamic reproduced
The Basel-based researchers took the stem cells and added a highly complex synthetic network of genes - the genetic software. They designed this network to precisely recreate the key growth factors involved in this maturation process.
Central to the process are the growth factors Ngn3, Pdx1 and MafA. Concentrations of these factors change during the differentiation process. For instance, MafA is not present at the start of maturation. Only on day four, in the final maturation step, does it appear, its concentration rising steeply and then remaining at a high level. The changes in concentration of Ngn3 and Pdx1, however, are very complex: while the concentration of Ngn3 rises and then falls again, the level of Pdx1 rises at the beginning and towards the end of maturation.
Fussenegger stresses that it is essential to reproduce these natural processes as closely as possible in order to produce functioning beta cells: "The timing and the quantities of these growth factors are extremely important."
New beta cells respond to glucose
In Fussenegger's opinion, it is a real breakthrough that a synthetic gene network has been successfully used to achieve genetic reprogramming that delivers beta cells. Until now, scientists have controlled such stem cell differentiation processes by adding various chemicals and proteins using pipettes.
"It's not only really hard to add just the right quantities of these components at just the right time, it's also inefficient and impossible to scale up," Fussenegger says. In contrast, the new process can successfully transform three out of four adipose stem cells into beta cells.
These beta cells not only look very similar to their natural counterparts - both kinds contain dark spots known as granules, which store insulin. The artificial beta cells also function in a very similar way. "At the present time, the quantities of insulin they secrete are not as great as with natural beta cells," they admit.
But the key point is that the researchers have for the first time succeeded in reproducing the entire natural process chain, from stem cell to differentiated beta cell.
Implants of endogenous cells
In future, the Basel-based ETH researchers' new technique might make it possible to implant new functional beta cells in diabetes sufferers that are made from their own adipose tissue.
While beta cells have been transplanted in the past, this has always required subsequent suppression of the recipient's immune system - as with any transplant of donor organs or tissue. "With our beta cells, there would likely be no need for this action, since we can make them using endogenous cell material taken from the patient's own body," Fussenegger says, adding: "This is why our work is of such interest in the treatment of diabetes."
Complete maturation in the petri dish
To date, the ETH researchers have merely cultured their beta cells; they have yet to implant them in a diabetes sufferer. This is because they first wanted to test whether stem cells could be fully differentiated from start to finish using genetic programming.
Fussenegger is convinced that this new method could also be used to produce other cells. Stem cells taken from adipose tissue could be differentiated into various cell types, they say - "And most people have an overabundance of fat from which these stem cells can be harvested."
###
Saxena P, Heng BC, Bai P, Folcher M, Zulewski H, Fussenegger, M. A programmable synthetic lineage-control network that differentiates human IPSCs into glucose-sensitive insulin-secreting beta-like cells. Nature Communications, published online April 11th 2016. DOI: 10.1038/NCOMMS11247
By making tobacco companies follow strict packaging restrictions, we're paving the way to a future where brands no longer reflect our lifestyles, argues Stephen Bayley, following the launch of their new book Signs of Life: Why Brands Matter.
The old media are dead or dying. Display advertising in newspapers will soon disappear. Maybe newspapers themselves will disappear first. Shops may soon also become things of the past, as e-commerce makes the park-and-ride, pay-and-display, out-of-town superstore look as quaint as the high street once did. Certainly, we no longer have a single producer-consumer axis, but many.
Producer-consumer axes may change, multiply, mutate, morph and evolve, but people are still motivated by desire and magic, by the promises that brands offer, the stories they tell, the secrets they share and the ambitions they excite. Your smartphone tells the time with GPS accuracy, yet you still want an Audemars Piguet, Hublot, Richard Mille, Patek Philippe or a Rolex. Don't you?
Nietzsche said all life is a question of taste. And they were right: the choices we make define us. Our possessions define us and sometimes they betray us. Even refusing to make a choice is an irrefragable statement of intent.
A logo is a trademark that went to art college
As brands evolved into more than the sum of their tangible parts, graphic designers evolved into branding consultants, commissioned not merely to design a trademark or a poster, but to imagine and then visualise a brand.
A logo is a trademark that went to art college and postgraduate business school. For a fee of $35 a Portland State University graphics student called Carolyn Davidson created the Nike Swoosh in 1971. The athletics manufacturer was going through a transition. Previously Blue Ribbon Sports, it was decided to rename it after the Greek Goddess of Victory: Nike. The classics have often influenced the design of logos: the ancient Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company logo was inspired by the winged-foot of Hermes, messenger to the gods. Mobil used Pegasus. It's a truism that all great businesses have great logos.
Nowadays all life is also a question of branding. Although they are not, in the strictest sense, for sale, President Trump's poorly fitting suits and terrible hair make them look like a bad argument, which, of course, they are.
So a brand is rather a complicated entity involving many of the absurdities and appetites that define existence itself. A brand is a collaboration between consumer and producer in a piece of theatre: playwright and actor working on an agreed script. But the last act is not written.
Traditional patterns of consumption and modes of communication are everywhere being tested. With the exception of Germany, billboards advertising cigarettes are now banned throughout the EU. In 2012 Australia became the first country to demand dispiriting standardised packaging for cigarettes.
Nowadays all life is a question of branding
While consumer design has almost always involved desire and excitement, Australian authorities have now produced a brief that requires the product to be mean and off-putting: the engineering of low appeal. Market researchers determined that Pantone 448C was the ugliest colour in the swatch book and all cigarettes sold in Australia are wrapped in this dingy green-brown. When it was described as olive, the Australian federation of olive farmers made a formal complaint.
Pantone 448C – when combined with harrowing photographs of tumours or lesions, comprising by law 75 per cent of the pack's front and 90 per cent of the back, and charmless standardised typography in the style of a military latrine – efficiently removed glamour from cigarette packs. Similar generic cigarette packaging is now mandatory in the UK.
No-one wants to promote smoking, but here's a warning that this might even predict the death of branding itself. Cars and alcohol are at least as dangerous as cigarettes: why not forbid attractive presentation of them too?
The World Health Organization says one person is killed every 25 seconds in or by an automobile. Perhaps the day will come when BMWs are sold with health warnings including atrocious pictures of severed heads in autobahn accidents appearing unbidden on the car's informatics screen. When this happens, chocolate bars will be illustrated with clinical photographs of a struggling 300-pound woman being involuntarily fitted with a gastric band. Perhaps a wine label will cease to show a fine Bordelais chateau with its pleasant associations of a French country idyll and suggestions of civilised pleasure, but images of murderous drunks instead. For surely it is wrong to tempt people with pleasures that might damage them?
Generic packaging is one of the first actions in a new and sinister war against branding itself
But on the whole, banning arguments are ultimately weaker than creative ones. Montaigne, sitting alone in their Gascon tower, knew that sumptuary laws were self-defeating, since they stimulate rather than deter because humans are a perverse species. Anthony Trollope said of a 19th-century alcohol prohibition campaign: “This law must fail.” It did.
Similarly, Jazz Age America discovered banning stuff does not always create social benefit. In 1919, Andrew Volstead's law became the 18th amendment to the United States Constitution, criminalising alcohol. It created the troubled age of prohibition with its spectacular crime and lawlessness.
Still, the fear is that generic packaging is not just the last battle in the war against tobacco manufacturers, but one of the first actions in a new and more sinister war against branding itself. And a war against branding is a war against people. Brands are, quite literally, signs of life, or, at least, popular expressions of it. They are culture, art, design, value, belief. And they make a lot of money. Without them, we will in every respect be poorer.
Stephen Bayley is an author, critic, columnist, consultant, broadcaster and curator. They were the founding director of the Design Museum in London, and is also the author of books including Death Drive – There Are No Accidents and Ugly: The Aesthetics of Everything.
This article is an edited extract from Signs of Life: Why Brands Matter, published by Circa Press.
Suzuki's T500 was a rare beast: a large-capacity two-stroke road bike that sold in big numbers in the US. And it's not hard to see why. For a late 60s motorcycle, it was light, fast, and blessed with agile handling. And more reliable than most four-stroke twins. I've always thought that the stock T500 was a good-looking bike, but this replica racer is … quite something else.
The machine comes from the collection of Boris “Bob” Guynes, a hugely skilled fabricator and model-maker based in California. According to automotive photographer TJ Grewal, “Bob was a rider and enthusiast. Or as they put it, ‘a scoundrel into bikes and speed'. That's where this bike originates from”.
Guynes built this T500 with the late Ron Grant, the first US racer to finish on the podium in a Grand Prix event. (“Ron was on the Suzuki team, so they had access to all the fast bits,” says Grewal.) Although this T500 doesn't have a road racing provenance, it's period-correct and a piece of rolling sculpture—a snapshot of a moment in time.
Guynes is now in their 70s, and is best known for their salt flat racers—such as ‘Salt Shaker III', a twin-engined sidecar rig that started life as a 1972 Honda. Their collection of motorcycles is reportedly amazing, but has never been given the photographic attention it deserves.
TJ Grewal, who took these beautiful images, hopes to put that right. He'll be soon be shooting the other machines in Guynes' collection, including the salt flat bikes. In the meantime, check out their website for a stunning portfolio of automotive images, mostly of the four-wheeled kind.
All images © TJ Grewal. There's an interview covering their technique here. Via Return of the Cafe Racers.
A A
BELLINGHAM, Wash. -- A Bellingham High School drama teacher has issued a formal apology after their awards ceremony devolved into an evening of profanity, jokes about a priest having sex with kids, and a box of sex toys.
A parent attended the ceremony in the school auditorium with their 17-year-old daughter, who was nominated for an award. Both want to remain anonymous until after graduation on June 6.
The teacher is Teri Grimes, a veteran of three decades who is slated to retire after this year.
In an email to KOMO News, the upset mother complained about the teacher's use of profanity during the ceremony. They said Grimes repeatedly used inappropriate words and told a distasteful joke.
"I sat there with my mouth open in shock and the final straw was when a joke was told on stage about a teacher, a lawyer and a priest on a plane. The plane was going down and the teacher says we have to save the children. The attorney says "F*** the children!" and the priest says "OOOOH..Do we have time for that???" the email reads.
The parent, who brought their young daughter to the ceremony, decided to leave after hearing the joke.
In addition to what they considered to be offensive language and the off-color joke, the parent said the awards handed out during the ceremony weren't appropriate for children. They said one of the categories was for "the horniest stud," where the award was a sex toy.
"WE need to get the word out there that THIS is the kind of TRASH that is being taught in our schools. I am so shocked right now I am in tears," the parent said in their email to KOMO.
On Tuesday, Grimes addressed the issue in a written statement.
"I deeply apologize for some very inappropriate comments and actions made during our drama students' end-of-the-year awards ceremony. This is not representative of our students who take such great pride in their school and respect one another. Much of the evening was a great celebration of their work. However, as a teacher and the club's leader, I take full responsibility and am extremely sorry," the statement reads.
The district says the school principal held a meeting with drama students and Grimes that was very productive. A spokesperson says everybody involved expressed sincere apologies and regret.
Neither Grimes nor the students face any discipline at this time. However, district officials are still evaluating the incident.
The mother who brought the complaint says she's satisfied with how the district has dealt with the matter. They believe it will help ensure student award ceremonies never go down that road again.
For about 20 minutes Thursday afternoon, Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy restated their views on race in America.
The press conference, originally expected to announce legal action against the Bureau of Land Management, instead featured Bundy offering a sort of stream-of-conscience take on the reaction to their comments about black people and slavery. They made no apology, and instead used part of their time to scold the media for its coverage of him.
They stood on a makeshift outdoor stage decked with American flags, with supporters occasionally shouting their approval of him. At the end of the event, a few supporters cursed and yelled at the reporters. Bundy, meanwhile, continued sharing thoughts on “the Negro community” in comments that tracked with the attempted clarification Bundy had given to conservative radio hosts throughout the day.
“The question is: Are they slaves the way they are, the way they live, slaves to charity and government subsidized homes?” Bundy said. “Are they slaves when their daughters are having abortions and their sons in the graves and prisons?”
“This thought goes back a long time over the years,” they said.
Of seeing black people in their government-subsidized homes in Las Vegas, they said: “I thought, ‘Would they be happier if they were home, talking about the South, where they come from? Would they have been home with their gardens and their chickens and their children playing around them?'”
“Would they? That was the question I ask, and I ask you: Would they be happier?”
The news conference came after the New York Times published similar comments the rancher made over the weekend. Those comments drew widespread criticism on Thursday, including from some of the conservatives who had supported them during their recent standoff with the feds over cattle grazing fees.
At the news conference, Bundy also repeated a story they told over the weekend about their experience during the Watts Riots in Los Angeles in 1965.
“It was the Negro people burning their own city,” they said.
CHICAGO (CBS) — After a poor and injury-plagued 2016 campaign was followed by an uneven start to this 2017 season, Athletics right-hander Sonny Gray looked a lot more like their old self Sunday in their team's 5-3 win against the White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field.
Gray was splendid in going seven innings, allowing two runs, one earned, on four hits and a walk while striking out seven. The attention bestowed on Gray on Sunday wasn't just from White Sox hitters either. The Cubs had their eyes on Gray as well.
They were one of nine teams with scouts in attendance to evaluate the 27-year-old Gray, who didn't make their regular season debut until May 2 because they were rehabbing a forearm and right trapezius strain that also cut down on their prior season's work. Gray is 3-3 with a 4.45 ERA and 1.35 WHIP this season in 11 starts.
The Cubs are one of a handful of teams that are considering making an offer for Gray. Chicago executives Theo Epstein and Jed Hoyer have been crystal clear on the message that they want to add pitching to an organization that may lose two rotation members — Jake Arrieta and John Lackey — after this season.
For a pitcher like Gray who has had both elbow and shoulder issues previously, the acquisition of them would be a big gamble. Of course, Gray's upside is really big as well. He's under contract control through the 2019 season. He's making just shy of $3.6 million this year, and he'll be arbitration-eligible this offseason.
“That was the best I have seen them this season,” an American League scout said of Gray's performance Sunday. “When healthy, they have always been a battler. They were all of that against the White Sox.”
Gray didn't bite when asked about the apparent inevitability of being traded off an Oakland team that is 34-42, 17.5 games behind AL West-leading Houston.
“The best thing for me is to stay invested in this team,” said Gray, who has a lifetime 3.52 ERA. “We have something good right here. Some of these young guys can really play. So the best answer for me is to get invested with this team and see if we can do something here.”
Bruce Levine covers the Cubs and White Sox for 670 The Score and CBSChicago.com. Follow them on Twitter @MLBBruceLevine.
By Withered Vine, Our London Fashion Correspondent (and Daily Mail reader)
"Scottish independence could make it easier for Russian submarines to loiter off the north British coast, eavesdropping on our security services", says a Whitehall expert.
Lord Hennessy, a Crossbench peer who is a historian and former journalist, knows more about the country's secret cubby-holes than most people.
This week they made a deservedly little-noticed parliamentary speech that urged politicians to wake up to the spy-world implications of an independent Scotland.
Would a free Scotland bother to run an intelligence network?
"Would it want its own security agency with a 'McC' in Edinburgh?", they asked (C being the traditional codename for the head of MI6).
"Would we see aerials and antennae springing out of the Cheviot Hills (straddling the English-Scottish border)?
"Would those old, Cold War listening stations on the north-east coast of Scotland crackle back into aural life? In submarine terms, who would warn the Scottish government of a Russian Akula lurking in the Minches (two straits off the West Coast of Scotland)?
Would a Scottish intelligence officer from the Scottish High Commission in London take their or their place every week at the Joint Intelligence Committee alongside the American, Canadian and Australian representatives?"
When my colleague, Quentin Letts, spoke to him, Hennessy said they were deadly serious about the threat of subs prowling off the northern shores.
"The Russians are putting out their subs more than they used to. They have some very sophisticated submarines. People forget about the underwater aspect of intelligence", they said.
"The only way to counter such snooping is to deploy subs of one's own (such as the Royal Navy has). Would a Scottish navy run to such vessels?
The threat to English and Welsh national security is not an idle one, says Lord Hennessy, who notes that some of our finest spies have been Scottish.
They fear that politicians have not started to contemplate these serious matters. Or, as they put it, "The secret world is not thought about because it does not go round with bagpipes, swinging kilts."
Head of Intelligence at the Russian Embassy, Ivan Offybigwanski (known to us girls as "Bunny Wabbit") took time after the Burns supper they were hosting, and escorted me to a 'safe house' where we had long and intimate discussions about the story.
Bunny said that the Russians had a very poor opinion of MI6, mainly because they provided most of the staff for it. "Our subs aren't spying on the Brits. We're keeping an eye on the American subs. It can get very crowded in the Minches with so many subs tailing each other. It's like a scene from 'The Hunt for Red October' - just like the Solent."
"Anyway, the Brits are really useless. We leaked a coded message to them 60 years ago that they are still trying to decode. It read S37OHSSV-0773H. None of them thought just to turn it upside down."
Then they dimmed the light and whispered, "Now, come here, and I'll give you a richt Ian Davidson ......... " (Censored, Ed)
Related Articles
Daily Mail : Spying a flaw in the Scots going it alone
Comments
Due to the huge number of complaints, comments are no longer banned on BBC Scotlandshire News pages.
Comments or no comments, it's still OUR job to tell YOU what to think - NOT the other way around.
Gas prices in metro Atlanta kept rising Friday as hundreds of workers struggled to fix an Alabama pipeline leak.
Colonial Pipeline, the Alpharetta-based company that operates the pipeline, said it expects to restart the broken line next week. Excavation around the damaged area began Friday after conditions allowed for safe work, the company said.
Colonial also raised the estimated size of the spill to as much as 336,000 gallons, up from 250,000 gallons earlier.
The average price of regular gas in metro Atlanta on Friday afternoon was up 13 cents a gallon from Tuesday, according to GasBuddy, which tracks gas prices across the country. Gasoline in this region averaged $2.29 a gallon, vs. $2.16 a gallon on Tuesday, before news of the pipeline leak emerged.
Gov. Nathan Deal has declared a state of emergency, but for the “limited purpose” of suspending caps on the hours fuel truck drivers can work. The move is intended to “ensure the uninterrupted supply” of gas while the pipeline is fixed, according to the order.
The leak shut down delivery of fuel through one of the two main lines running from the refineries of the Texas Gulf Coast to Atlanta and the northeast.
It remains uncertain how long the effects of the spill on prices will last.
GasBuddy listed a Texaco in Stockbridge as the most expensive gas in the area: $2.79 a gallon.
However, a number of gas stations are still selling gasoline for less than $2 a gallon. Several stations are still at $1.89, including a RaceTrac in Milton.
While Atlanta prices escalated, national prices have barely budged.
The spill is in an isolated area south of Birmingham.
More than 500 workers were working on the Colonial pipeline, but the company had not given a cause for the leak.
The longer the outage continues, the greater the effect in Atlanta, said Laskoski.
Colonial is one of two companies operating large pipelines from Gulf refineries, and the other company has not reported a problem, Laskoski said. “But the Colonial pipeline is the primary supplier to the metro Atlanta area,” they said.
After Hurricane Katrina's hammering of the Gulf Coast, pipelines stopped functioning and gasoline prices soared.
Two Colonial pipelines carry fuel from refineries near Houston east through Atlanta and then up the coast to New York. The second line is undamaged and Colonial says it has shifted some gasoline into that line.
“But that gas is being pumped along with diesel and jet fuel,” said Laskoski. “By definition, that has to reduce the capacity of that line for gasoline.”
Dave Nicholson, Alain Falys and Michael Rolph Yoyo
Yoyo is a mobile payment app that combines with an automatic loyalty point collection system. By paying for goods through the app, users receive rewards from retailers. The company was set up in 2013 by entrepreneurs with experience from Visa, Paypal, BarclayCard and Zopa. Wired.co.uk spoke to co-founder Michael Rolph.
Founders: Alain Falys, Dave Nicholson and Michael Rolph
Advertisement
HQ: London
Staff: 16
Funding: Seed funding from Imperial Innovations
There is a common industry view that there are many payment apps out there. However, ask people which one they use and you'll get a blank look back
Advertisement
What problem do you solve?
Have you ever noticed that everyone wants to buy at the same time as you? We have created a better customer experience by making it easier and faster for customers to pay and collect loyalty points or redeem an offer, via one simple scan of a QR code. We also enable the retailer to know who their customers are and target them with relevant offers, helping them to build more personal relationships.
How do you make money?
We charge a small transaction fee for the payment element. We also charge fees for offer and reward redemption.
Advertisement
There are so many payment apps out there, why would people use yours?
There is a common "industry" view that there are many payment apps out there. However, ask people which one they use and you'll get a blank look back. The reality is that apart from Starbucks, there are no payment apps being used in a significant way. That is what Yoyo has changed. We are processing 30,000+ mobile transactions a month (and growing). We have made it effortless to set up an account, top-up, pay, collect loyalty stamps/points and receive offers in a very natural way. We can work with any retailers' till system and are incredibly easy for a cashier to use, all they have to do is "press" Yoyo and "scan" a QR code. Simple.
Can you express in some tangible terms how the business has developed?
We launched mid January this year and now have more than 4,500 users and process more than 30,000 transactions a month. We've also issued more than 8,000 loyalty stamps with more than 1,500 rewards redeemed and have gone from 0 percent to 15 percent share of checkout at Imperial College London. We are currently rolling out at another two London universities, which will give us a total base of around 70,000 students and faculty members who can use Yoyo.
What has been the most challenging time for the company?
Driving adoption and usage of Yoyo from a standing start. Zero brand awareness, zero users and zero transactions.
How did you overcome that?
1,000+ personal Yoyo demos, a kick-ass marketing campaign backed up by an awesome product.
Do you have any advice for dealing with potential investors?
Despite all the warm and fuzzy stuff they may say, it means nothing unless they invest. You can't build a business on good vibes. Respect the money, it's the biggest sign of belief in you and your team you can possibly get. Once you have it, remember an investor is as much a part of the team as anyone else. Think about what value they add beyond the money. Ultimately its down to you to make sure you succeed and money is just one component of that story.
Advertisement
What is the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you?
I want to say something really insightful here but I found the best advice was "just go and fucking do it -- sell it to someone that wants to buy it"!
Do you think your business is a contender for Startup of the Week? Email Olivia Solon on <a href="mailto:pitches@wired.co.uk" data-bitly-type="bitly_hover_card">pitches@wired.co.uk</a>
This year on 7 April, the lusty cries of “Kanamara, dekkai mara!” (“steel rod, giant dong!”) will once again ring through town.
Japan, traditionally a country where well-endowed foreigners are very welcome, embraces big penis worship in this very special festival. For the largest erections you've ever seen (anyone knows Jonah Falcon personally?), save the date: Sunday 7 April 2013 at Kanayama Shrine in Kanagawa. All hail the huge pink peen! It just gets bigger and better every year.
If bigger doesn't bang your gong, there are a multitude of phalluses of all shapes and sizes. If you're non-Japanese and you're interested in this, you're not alone. An army of Western tourists descends upon the shrine every year, demanding cock.
Back in Edo times, when samurai roamed the land scoffing sushi, ladies of the Kawasaki night used to hold the Jibeta Matsuri (Earth Festival) to pray for divine protection from STDs while increasing profits at the same time. Sadly, things fell into disrepute in the Meiji period, but the ancient festival aroused the attention of Western scholars in the swinging 60s (yeah, baby), leading to a triumphant rebirth as the Kanamara Matsuri (Steel Phallus Festival) in the 70s. The original Earth Festival is included among the other festivities, with proceeds often donated to AIDS prevention groups.
Another legend has it that the festival first began when a beautiful young maiden, suffering from a bad case of vagina dentata, accidentally castrated not one but two young men. Don't worry, their tragic tale has a happy ending- they were saved by a large iron phallus inserted where it would do the most good, which broke the teeth of the minge monster. Who knew, dildos cure vagina dentata as well as hysteria. The iron phallus then became an object of reverence and was ceremoniously paraded through the town.
There are at least three huge erect wangs you'll get to see in the parade, bouncing up and down on people's shoulders. The oldest (but still a goodie) is made of wood, there is another shiny black steel prong riding along in a boat, and the most striking is the bright pink monstrosity incongruously named “Elizabeth”. Elizabeth is so named for the eponymous Asakusa-bashi Cross-dressers Club Elizabeth who kindly donated the dong.
Here's the schedule for the day. Being a Japanese festival, the schedule will probably be followed punctually.
11:00 a.m.-11:15 a.m. – The Lighting of the Sacred Fire The fire is lit, and the festival kicks off. 11:15 a.m.-11:45 a.m. – Main Ceremony The festival ceremony is performed in front of the altar. 11:45 a.m.-12:00 p.m. – The Infusion of Divine Spirit is infused into the three phalli- Big Kanamara, Boat Kanamara and Elizabeth (the pink one). Bless them! 12:00 p.m.-12:30 p.m. – The Carving of the Radishes Radishes are lovingly carved and sculpted into male and female genitalia
1:00 p.m.-2:30 p.m. – Festival Procession The moment you've been waiting for- the big dicks parade round the town. Also, a lot of people wearing fancy dress. 3:00 p.m.-4:45 p.m. – Jibeta Matsuri (Earth Festival) The original festival. A straw mat is spread in the shrine grounds, and the drinking party begins!
…or something like that, anyway.
Anyone can freely participate in the parade, and neighbourhood folks might even lend you swords, kimonos and so forth. It has all the usual Japanese festival goodness too- street stalls, drums, great atmosphere, as well as penis lollipops and eye-candy. Apparently it grants increased prosperity in business and romance. And it's a celebration of the male member- what's not to love? Hug a penis today, and check out the Kanamara Festival!
We'll leave you now with a tourist-shot video of the festival. Enjoy!
Source: another-tokyo.com (Japanese)
Video via Asakawaz
“A hero is a kid who accepts responsibility to uplift themselves in the most adverse conditions,
maintains herself, and really does succeed in changing their lives.” – Boby Duval
The past two years Timbers Army (supporters of Portland Timbers professional soccer team), and Far Post Soccer Supply, made generous donations of soccer balls and apparel for children in Haiti. The equipment they donated filled more than half the luggage in each of my last two trips. Because of their help I've been able to bring balls and equipment to remote villages in northern Haiti – Lori soccer team, and a youth development program in the slums of Port Au Prince – L'Athlétique d'Haïti.
The photo above was taken in Cité Soleil (considered the poorest most violent slum area in the western hemisphere), at the L'Athlétique d'Haïti sports program. Founded in 1995 by human rights activist Boby Duval, L'Athlétique d'Haïti is an after school sports and development program for underprivileged youth. It serves over 2,000 kids daily.
