For those most severely affected, treating epilepsy means drilling through the skull deep into the brain to destroy the small area where the seizures originate – invasive, dangerous and with a long recovery period.
Five years ago, a team of Vanderbilt engineers wondered: Is it possible to address epileptic seizures in a less invasive way? They decided it would be possible. Because the area of the brain involved is the hippocampus, which is located at the bottom of the brain, they could develop a robotic device that pokes through the cheek and enters the brain from underneath which avoids having to drill through the skull and is much closer to the target area.
To do so, however, meant developing a shape-memory alloy needle that can be precisely steered along a curving path and a robotic platform that can operate inside the powerful magnetic field created by an MRI scanner.
The engineers have developed a working prototype, which was unveiled in a live demonstration this week at the Fluid Power Innovation and Research Conference in Nashville by David Comber, the graduate student in mechanical engineering who did much of the design work.
The business end of the device is a 1.14 mm nickel-titanium needle that operates like a mechanical pencil, with concentric tubes, some of which are curved, that allow the tip to follow a curved path into the brain. (Unlike many common metals, nickel-titanium is compatible with MRIs). Using compressed air, a robotic platform controllably steers and advances the needle segments a millimeter at a time.
According to Comber, they have measured the accuracy of the system in the lab and found that it is better than 1.18 mm, which is considered sufficient for such an operation. In addition, the needle is inserted in tiny, millimeter steps so the surgeon can track its position by taking successive MRI scans.
According to Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering Eric Barth, who headed the project, the next stage in the surgical robot's development is testing it with cadavers. They estimate it could be in operating rooms within the next decade.
To come up with the design, the team began with capabilities that they already had.
“I've done a lot of work in my career on the control of pneumatic systems,” Barth said. “We knew we had this ability to have a robot in the MRI scanner, doing something in a way that other robots could not. Then we thought, ‘What can we do that would have the highest impact?'”
At the same time, Associate Professor of Mechanical Engineering Robert Webster had developed a system of steerable surgical needles. “The idea for this came about when Eric and I were talking in the hallway one day and we figured that their expertise in pneumatics was perfect for the MRI environment and could be combined with the steerable needles I'd been working on,” said Webster.
The engineers identified epilepsy surgery as an ideal, high-impact application through discussions with Associate Professor of Neurological Surgery Joseph Neimat. They learned that currently neuroscientists use the through-the-cheek approach to implant electrodes in the brain to track brain activity and identify the location where the epileptic fits originate. But the straight needles they use can't reach the source region, so they must drill through the skull and insert the needle used to destroy the misbehaving neurons through the top of the head.
Comber and Barth shadowed Neimat through brain surgeries to understand how their device would work in practice.
“The systems we have now that let us introduce probes into the brain – they deal with straight lines and are only manually guided,” Neimat said. “To have a system with a curved needle and unlimited access would make surgeries minimally invasive. We could do a dramatic surgery with nothing more than a needle stick to the cheek.”
The engineers have designed the system so that much of it can be made using 3-D printing in order to keep the price low. This was achieved by collaborating with Jonathon Slightam and Vito Gervasi at the Milwaukee School of Engineering who specialize in novel applications for additive manufacturing.
Notes about this robotics research
Current funding comes through grant 0540834 from the Center for Compact and Efficient Fluid Power, a National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center that supports advances in fluid power, and past funding from Martin Ventures.
Contact: Heidi Hall and David Salisbury – Vanderbilt
Source: Vanderbilt press release
Image Source: The images are credited to Laboratory for the Design and Control of Energetic Systems / Vanderbilt and are adapted from the press release
Share this technology News
There's a massive funerary chamber in France where Archaeologists are doing research for what they believe was a 5th century BC Celtic Prince holding their chariot, a bronze made cauldron, a vase with a Greek god of wine and ecstasy painted on it, a huge knife and few other artifacts.
These treasure worth found artifacts in the Champagne region are “fitting for one of the highest elite of the end of the first Iron Age”, according to the French archaeological agency INRAP in the French-English “The Connexion” newspaper.
These Archaeologists, from the French National agency – INRAP, dug 40m (131feet) underground to find these valuables on the edge of a park near Lavau. The tomb is bigger than the cathedral in nearby Troyes, the article reported. It covered nearly 7655sq. yards and was surrounded by a palisade and ditch when found in tumulus (tumulus is a burial mound or barrow).
Their page on Facebook claims that the center of the almost 44-yard diameter tumulus has their chariot “at the heart of a vast funeral chamber” of 15,3 yards squared.
Even though they've found only some parts of a skeleton, the Archaeologists haven't still identified the princes' remains. They only think that they've found a body of a princes' relative among with some funeral urns and other graves, and claim that they've already dated some of the ashes in the urns to 1400 BC.
The tomb was found when they were inspecting the ground in order to explore it and prepare it for a new commercial center construction. The president of INRAP, Dominique Garcia, said they were sure the tomb was a princes' because of the big knife they've found in it.
As reported, the Archaeologists consider the most important find was the 1meter-diameter bronze cauldron. Its 4 handles were decorated with Achelous' head (Achelous is the river god of ancient Greeks). It also had 8 lionesses' heads, and a ceramic oinochoe wine jug with Dionysus under a grapevine painted in it. They assume that the wine set was a centerpiece of an aristocratic Celtic banquet. As INRAP reported, it is a “Greco-Latin” wine set which confirms that the Celts and folks from the Mediterranean region were making exchanges.
“At the time [of the burial] Mediterranean traders were extending their economic range, seeking slaves and precious metals and jewels. The Celts, who controlled the main communication routes along the Seine, Rhône, Saône, Rhine and Danube, benefited from the exchanges to get prestigious objects,” the Connexion article reported.
Dr. Komaroff's Webinar Provides Their Hypothesis, Hot Research and Hope
Link to webinar: https://youtu.be/ ENrdrGj0p-c
by Darla N.
In a webinar to Solve ME/CFS Initiative hosted on Nov. 10, Dr. Anthony Komaroff presented their hypothesis on ME's cause and five popular areas of current ME research. Komaroff, Simcox-Clifford-Higby professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and senior physician at Brigham and Women's Hospital, has published at least 240 articles and book chapters, many of them about ME.
They began by confirming there is research-based evidence of biological abnormalities in ME, referring to 2015 Institute of Medicine and 2014 National Institutes of Health reports. “This is not a primary psychological disorder,” they explained.
They hypothesize ME's cause is one of several infectious agents that leads to chronic, low-grade brain inflammation, influenced by immune system and gut function. “Several of the agents that have been shown to trigger ME/CFS cannot be fully eradicated by the immune system,” they said.
Komaroff also summarized concepts and findings from five research areas: brain, exercise and post-exertional malaise, immune system, energy metabolism, and epigenetics.
Brain and Exercise Research
Hundreds of studies examining ME patients' brains have centered on neuroendocrine dysfunction, cognitive impairment not caused by psychiatric disorders, autonomic dysfunction, and “connectivity,” explained as activation in one region of the brain causing activation in another region. Brain abnormalities in ME have been captured using MRI, SPECT (which measures blood flow and metabolism), PET (which measures neuroinflammation), and EEG (which measures brain waves). Regarding connectivity, patients have a discoordination between brain regions that should display connectedness.
Recent research has also investigated the cause of post-exertional malaise. Relevant study findings reported during the IACFS/ME conference at the end of October included:
exercising patients' characteristic gene expression signature (by Stanford University)
patients' difficulty increasing their heart rate on the second consecutive day of exercise testing (by University of the Pacific)
patients' blood pressure falling after an exercise challenge (by Georgetown University)
patients' higher lactate levels on the second consecutive day of exercise testing when controls' levels were lower (by Ithaca College and University of Oslo)
Immune System, Energy Metabolism, and Epigenetics Research
Komaroff explained there are immune system abnormalities in ME: cytoxic T cells, poorly functioning natural killer cells, activation of the 2-5A system, and increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. One 2015 study by Hornig et al. studied cytokine levels in short-term and long-term ME patients. They found 28 cytokines were at higher-than-normal levels in short-term patients but slightly depressed in long-term patients.
On top of immune system impairment, recent research also indicates impaired cell energy production. Studies reported at the IACFS/ME conference found a specific enzyme connected to energy metabolism deficit in patients (University of Bergen) and found that patients' peripheral white blood cells produce energy less effectively than those of controls (Newcastle University).
Komaroff defined the final area of research, epigenetics, as the study of normal genes being turned on and off. When this happens at incorrect times, disease can result. Two epigenetic mechanisms involved in ME are microRNAs and abnormalities in gene methylation, which were not explained further.
They concluded by reiterating their hypothesis, which “would unite a lot of the different abnormalities that have been reported in the literature.” Solve ME/CFS Initiative's next webinar is Dec. 15.
Link to webinar: https://youtu.be/ ENrdrGj0p-c
Had you been sitting in the Royal Strand Theatre one evening in April 1870, you might have noticed a giddy young woman in a low-cut cerise silk dress, larking around in a box before repairing to the ladies' lavatory. If you had looked a little closer, you would have realised this was no lady after all: rather, a 22-year-old man by the name of Ernest Boulton. Or, to give them the name they preferred, Stella.
The question of what gender you have to be to use which toilet is, depressingly, still capable of causing uproar today – witness the ongoing furore over North Carolina's controversial ‘bathroom bill'. And in the Victorian era, a cross-dressing young man popping into the ladies' lavatory was absolutely scandalous. On leaving the theatre, Stella and their fellow cross-dressing companion Fanny were arrested on the charge of sodomy.
Remarkably, Stella got off – and, rather than being publicly shamed and cowed into submission, they dyed their hair blonde, changed their name, and hoofed it over to Broadway, where they performed as a female impersonator to adoring crowds. Stella was to spend the rest of their life on stage.
In the Victorian era, a cross-dressing young man popping into the ladies' lavatory was absolutely scandalous
This astonishing story is being told in a new play by Neil Bartlett. A “one-woman show for two bodies”, audiences will meet Ernest Boulton as both fabulous young drag queen, and as an older man, preparing to go into hospital shortly before their death in 1904.
Bartlett first encountered Stella in 1983, when they were writing a queer history book; now he's returned to their story, acknowledging that at 56 – the same age Stella was at their death – he's less entranced by the high jinks of a beautiful young “flaming queen”, but more in awe of a whole lifetime of courage. This is the tale of an individual who continued to question their identity, asking “who am I?” right up until their death.
Shape shifter
It also seems like a timely moment for Stella to step back into the limelight. In recent years, there's been a massive increase in the visibility of transgender or gender-fluid individuals, from Caitlyn Jenner, Andreja Pejić and Anohni's public transitions to TV programmes and films, such as Orange is the New Black, The Danish Girl and Transparent, that tell previously ignored stories.
“Because of the extraordinary work that trans and non-binary people are doing at the moment to make us more aware that gender identity categories are often imprecise and useless, that there are as many genders as there are people, I think we can see stories like Stella's in a new light,'” suggests Bartlett. “For Stella, identity was never a destination – it was a journey, a constant transformation. And that's an idea we're now very open to.”
Given that Stella was a part-time gay sex worker, how on earth did they get acquitted? It was down to a clever lawyer – and to the complete incredulity of the Victorian public: they simply could not believe that anyone could be so brazenly homosexual. The lawyer managed to persuade the jury at the Old Bailey that Ernest Boulton was merely a high-spirited young man with a taste for amateur theatricals, and that no sodomite would be so bold as to advertise the fact by running up and down the Strand in a ballgown.
That's another reason the story is worth telling, Bartlett suggests: in contrast to most of our narratives about queer history, which involve miserable people having a horrendous time, Stella's story is one of good fortune and chutzpah. Splashed across the tabloids (who dubbed them and Fanny ‘the He-She Ladies'), the whole trial was “unbelievably scandalous” – and yet they survived it. “Was they downhearted? Was they hell! Less than a year after the trial, she's appearing on Broadway.”
In contrast to most narratives about queer history, Stella's story is one of good fortune and chutzpah
Still, trying to pin down Stella's gender identity, employment and relationships isn't easy; they were able to shape-shift to fit their lovers' (and customers') desires, as well as their own proclivities. Evidence given at the trial seemed to describe several different people.
There was Ernest Boulton, the nice middle-class man from Maida Vale, who turned up at the court looking neat and tidy, even having grown a moustache for the occasion. There was Ernest the “flaming queen”, an out gay man strutting the streets of the West End in tight trousers and low cut shirts.
Then – brace yourself! – there was Lady Stella Pelham Clinton, who lived as the wife of a Tory MP named Lord Arthur Pelham Clinton, sharing a bed with them in a flat just off the Strand. As Lady Clinton, Stella “passed”, with engraved calling cards, a wedding ring, and a maid who, as they testified in court, believed Stella to be female. Finally, there was just plain Stella: a gay sex worker cross-dressing in fabulous frocks, seen to pick men up in the theatre by, according to Barlett, “exposing herself, making chirruping noises, and using the time-honoured line: ‘hello darling, do you fancy a blow job?'”
‘Everyone is a unique case'
Stella may have smiled in the face of notoriety, but their lover was not so resilient. Lord Arthur was subpoenaed to appear in court – and was found dead before the date arrived. The family claimed it was scarlet fever, but it's likely to have been suicide.
No wonder Stella fled across the pond. On stage, they were always billed as a man dressed a woman – and they were so convincing that audiences struggled to believe they aren't really a woman. After a successful few years as a female impersonator in New York, they returned to the UK, but their glamorous act faded with age. They ended up, as Bartlett puts it, performing “at the absolute arsehole end of the British variety circuit”.
They were so convincing that audiences struggled to believe they aren't really a woman
So, in today's terminology, what would we call Stella: was they a trans woman, a transvestite, a drag queen? We can't ever really know – and it may have changed throughout their life. “Why would we need to label her?” asks Bartlett.
 They are also wary of the idea of Stella being ‘claimed' as trans, used as historical evidence instead of being treated as an individual. “The question everyone wants to ask me is ‘was Stella trans?' Because wouldn't it be wonderful if we could then say trans is an identity that predates [gender reassignment] surgery… well, why do we ask that question? Is it because we believe that trans people need to ‘prove' they've got an identity that transcends medicine? I think that's a really weird question for us to ask.” For Bartlett, it's more important that we avoid categorising people, lumping them together in boxes. “Everyone is a unique case.”
Stella took three years to write, and feeding into their voice – they talk directly to the audience – were the voices of “a lot of people who live in bodies and/or gender identities and/or wardrobes different to the ones they were born in.” Bartlett spoke to gender-fluid friends, transgender cabaret artist Justin Bond, and Nakamura Tokizô V, a Japanese onnagata Kabuki performer who specialises in female roles, and their perspectives have enriched Stella's voice.
It is, however, very much a period piece, and the play is being staged in two gorgeous old Victorian theatres in Brighton and London, much like the sort of venues in which Stella themselves would have performed. What do they think she'd make of the show? “I think they would be thrilled with where we're playing; I chose those two theatres because I thought they would feel at home. And I think they would be thrilled to be talked about – every queen loves to be talked about.”
Stella was at the Theatre Royal Brighton, part of the Brighton Festival; Hoxton Hall, London, 1 to 18 June, as part of the LIFT festival, and at De Brakke Grond, Amsterdam, 20 and 21 June.
This story is a part of BBC Britain – a series focused on exploring this extraordinary island, one story at a time. Readers outside of the UK can see every BBC Britain story by heading to the Britain homepage; you also can see our latest stories by following us on Facebook and Twitter.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.
And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
While most of us were sleeping, U.S. President Donald Trump received Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong at the White House in Washington D.C. in the wee hours of Tuesday morning.
In joint remarks given at the Rose Garden after their “four eye” meeting at the Oval Office, PM Lee announced that Trump will swing by Singapore next year for a visit.
This was confirmed by PM Lee, who announced this in a Facebook post:
“Held a Joint Press Conference with President Donald J. Trump this afternoon in the White House's Rose Garden. Singapore and the U.S. are partners in many areas, but above all we are warm friends, as we have been for 51 years. I expressed my hope that the U.S. will continue engaging the Asia Pacific, and extended an invitation to President Trump to visit us, which they have accepted. Long may our friendship continue! – LHL”
Advertisement
All seemed well, too — in their remarks, Trump and PM Lee listed the many ways in which Singapore and America help each other's economies:
Singapore is the second-largest Asian investor in the U.S. with more than US$70 billion in stock investments
Total trade in goods and services amounted to more than US$68 billion last year
The U.S.'s trade surplus with Singapore currently stands at US$18 billion
Singaporeans might be among the highest per-capita buying American customers in the world, with each of us spending an average of US$7,500 on stuff ranging from iPhones to golf clubs and consulting services, every year.
More than 4,000 American companies operate in Singapore today
They had just witnessed a US$13.8 billion contract signing between Singapore Airlines and Boeing for the purchase of 39 planes (deal!)
And also in defence:
Singapore has for years hosted USAF (U.S. Air Force) and navy aircraft and ships on rotational deployment
The U.S. hosts 1,000 Singaporean personnel in detachment every year
Singapore was the first ASEAN nation to join the U.S.-led coalition against the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Shaam (ISIS)
Singapore sent four Chinooks to support the transport of personnel and critical resources during the Hurricane Harvey crisis in August
Singapore helped out the U.S. when the USS John McCain collision happened in Singapore's waters
Not to mention the common values shared in terms of:
a strong commitment to the rule of law, IP protections and fair and reciprocal trade
a belief in the power of private enterprise to uplift the human condition
a commitment to counter the threat of North Korea and also
the support of freedom of navigation in the South China Sea.
And we must also bear in mind that they'll be meeting again next month, twice — once in Vietnam, for the upcoming Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit, followed by the ASEAN summit and 40th anniversary celebrations of U.S.-ASEAN relations in the Philippines, both of which Trump will be attending during their round of Asia visits.
But yeah, despite that, PM Lee announced in their speech that Trump will come again to visit us at the “earliest opportunity”.
We'll let you know when we find out when The Donald will land.
Related articles:
Top photo via Getty Images
The Anaheim Ducks were a trendy preseason pick to represent the Western Conference in the Stanley Cup Final, including on this website.
Five of the nine NHL.com staffers who were asked to give preseason predictions had the Ducks in the Cup Final; two had them as champs. They were No. 2 in the preseason Super 16.
Anaheim is last in the Western Conference. Should the prognosticators have seen this coming, or should the Ducks be better? The answer to each question is yes.
Here's why:
Last season, the Ducks were tied for second in wins (51), third in regulation/overtime wins (43), and tied for third in points (109) without the statistics to back it up.
They were 28th on the power play (15.7 percent), 20th in goals-against (2.70 per game), tied for 20th in 5-on-5 save percentage (.919), 16th in shot-attempts percentage (51.21), 15th on the penalty kill (81.0 percent) and 11th in goals (2.78 per game).
The Ducks' record was so good because they were the best comeback team in the League. Their 18 wins when trailing at any point in the third period set an NHL record. They tied a League record with 12 wins when trailing entering the third period. In addition, the Ducks went 33-1-7 in one-goal games, setting an NHL record for most wins in one-goal games.
Those are extraordinary and unsustainable statistics because of the difficulty of coming back in the League nowadays. On average, teams won 12.3 percent of the time when they trailed after two periods last season. The Ducks won 34.3 percent of such games (12-23-0).
Lopsided stats such as that portend bad things ahead when you can't back them up by being in the top 10 in the other major statistical categories. That is exactly what has happened, and it's a major reason for the Ducks' struggles this season.
Entering Thursday, the Ducks had won 14.3 percent of games they trailed after two periods (2-11-1), and they were 4-4-5 in one-goal games.
It hurts that the Ducks were scoring 1.9 goals per game, which is directly related to their horrid shooting percentage (6.4 percent). They will start scoring more and likely winning more if they raise their shooting percentage to the NHL average of 8.9 percent.
That's why they should be better. How much better is debatable.
Anaheim was a trendy preseason pick based on momentum gained last season. The problem is the stats prove the Ducks weren't as good as their record indicated. Without great success late in games leading to one-goal victories, they're feeling the burn of that now.
Four more playoff teams from last season face the same question: Should they be better?
Tampa Bay Lightning (16-13-3)
Answer: Yes
Reasons they're not better: Injuries and scoring problems are to blame. Steven Stamkos hasn't scored in the past 10 games. But they've played 19 one-goal games and won 10 of them. With their defense and goaltending, they should take off if they get healthy and Stamkos starts scoring.
Pittsburgh Penguins (15-12-3)
Answer: Not yet
Reasons they're not better: A conservative system under former coach Mike Johnston hurt their offensive instincts. They're trying to get them back under coach Mike Sullivan, but it's been a struggle. Their power play doesn't have a true point man, and their defense is lacking in experience and depth.
Calgary Flames (14-14-2)
Answer: Potentially
Reasons they're not better: They had a League-best plus-36 goal differential after the second period (108-72) last season. Entering Thursday, they were minus-11 (30-41). Goaltending is still a concern, but scoring is not. That's a reason for optimism.
Vancouver Canucks (11-13-8)
Answer: No
Reasons they're not better: They're lacking in secondary scoring and depth at center. They don't have a No. 1 defenseman; arguably, there's not a No. 2 either. They're playing from behind too often and don't have enough depth to come back. Their goaltending has been suspect. They're not good in overtime (0-7).
DISCLAIMER: While the Super 16 is NHL.com's weekly power rankings, the focus will be more on the "power" than the "rankings" when determining the order. It's not always going to look like the League standings. If two teams are close the tiebreaker almost always is this: If the two teams started a seven-game series right now, who would prevail?
All rankings, records and statistics are through the games played Wednesday:
1. Washington Capitals (22-6-2)
Last week: No. 2
Good: Consistency. They haven't lost two games in a row.
Not so good: Defenseman Brooks Orpik might have had a setback in their recovery from a lower-body injury.  They are no longer skating with the team after initially progressing to that level.
2. Dallas Stars (23-6-2)
Last week: No. 1
Good: They could win 5-1 against the Columbus Blue Jackets despite coach Lindy Ruff saying they were frustrated in how they played. They haven't lost consecutive games this season either.
Not so good: The power play was 2-for-27 in their previous eight games before Thursday.
3. Los Angeles Kings (19-9-2)
Last week: No. 3
Good: Entering Thursday, Anze Kopitar had 12 points in the past 12 games after they had seven in the first 18.
Not so good: Jeff Carter had two goals in the previous 11 games after scoring nine in the first 19.
4. New York Islanders (18-9-5)
Last week: No. 7
Good: Backup goalie Thomas Greiss entered their start Thursday with a 4-0-0 record and six goals allowed in their previous four starts.
Not so good: No. 1 goalie Jaroslav Halak has allowed 12 goals in their past four starts.
5. Chicago Blackhawks (17-11-4)
Last week: No. 5
Good: They scored the first goal in 20 of their 32 games entering Thursday.
Not so good: They were minus-1 in first-period goal differential (27-28).
6. Minnesota Wild (16-7-6)
Last week: No. 9
Good: They had at least a point in eight straight games entering Thursday (5-0-3) and hadn't given up more than two goals in seven straight.
Not so good: Center Erik Haula, expected to be a contributing bottom-six center, has struggled to the point where they were scratched Thursday so Jarret Stoll could make their Wild debut.
7. St. Louis Blues (18-10-4)
Last week: No. 6
Good: They're the only team to shut out the high-scoring Stars this season.
Not so good: They've been inconsistent this month despite a home-heavy schedule.
8. Montreal Canadiens (20-9-3)
Last week: No. 4
Good: Nathan Beaulieu is starting to look like a young defenseman ready to take the next step.
Not so good: Goalies Dustin Tokarski and Mike Condon have generally struggled.
9. Boston Bruins (17-9-4)
Last week: No. 11
Good: Goalie Tuukka Rask is 7-0-2 with a .954 save percentage in their past nine appearances after going 5-7-1 with a .890 save percentage in their first 13 appearances.
Not so good: Backup Jonas Gustavsson has allowed three goals in each of their past three appearances.
10. New York Rangers (19-9-4)
Last week: No. 8
Good: Center Derek Stepan (ribs) and defenseman Kevin Klein (oblique) are close to returning.
Not so good: Not only has Dan Girardi struggled with defensive-zone lapses this season, he's out of the lineup with a knee injury.
11. Detroit Red Wings (16-9-6)
Last week: No. 12
Good: Their power play is 24.3 percent in 12 road games (9-for-37).
Not so good: It's just 14.5 percent in 19 home games (9-for-62).
12. Tampa Bay Lightning (16-13-3)
Last week: No. 16
Good: They've won five games in December after winning six in November and five in October.
Not so good: Stamkos is ice cold.
13. Nashville Predators (15-10-6)
Last week: No. 14
Good: They had 30 or more shots on goal in 18 of 31 games entering Thursday.
Not so good: They were 6-7-5 in those games.
14. Ottawa Senators (16-11-5)
Last week: No. 10
Good: Goalie Andrew Hammond returned after missing 15 games with a concussion. It should give relief to Craig Anderson, who played in all 15 games Hammond missed.
Not so good: They've allowed the first goal in a League-high 21 games, including seven straight.
15. New Jersey Devils (16-11-4)
Last week: No. 15
Good: Center Travis Zajac, who has missed seven straight games with an upper-body injury, could play Saturday.
Not so good: Entering Thursday, they had scored three or more goals in five of their past 11 games after doing it nine times in 12 games from Oct. 20-Nov. 14.
16. Florida Panthers (15-12-4)
Last week: NR
Good: After a slow start offensively (three points in their first 14 games), defenseman Aaron Ekblad had 12 points in their previous 17 games before Thursday.
Not so good: Center Nick Bjugstad, initially expected to miss two games, has missed nine straight and is out indefinitely.
Out: Pittsburgh Penguins
---
The Charlotte Independence and the Charleston Battery meet tonight for just the second time in 2017. Their first matchup was a less than ideal start to the season for Independence fans: The Battery handled Charlotte's hefty possession with ease and cruised to a 2–0 victory.
In that game, Charlotte held 62.4% of the possession but only put two of their 14 shots on target.
Now, just four points separate these two teams near the top of the Eastern Conference table.
First place Louisville will host fourth place Rochester tonight as well.
Romario-less
Romario Williams was acquired on loan from Atlanta United FC. Some of these MLS to USL loan situations are better than others. I think most would agree that Charleston's acquisition of Romario Williams is why they are where they are this season.
The statistics would agree with that narrative as well. Charleston is averaging the third best Goals Per 90 in the Eastern Conference at 1.6 this season. In the East they also boast the 2nd highest conversion rate at 17%.
But for nine games this season, they have been without the USL's 3rd leading goal scorer. As you would imagine, they aren't the same without that productivity. The image below reads as follows… the bold are without Romario while the italics are the team's average this season.
In case you were wondering, Charleston's record during those nine games is a bad 1 win, 5 losses, and 3 draws.
Charlotte on the road
The Independence have been a strong team at home this season, especially since their move to the Matthews Sportsplex in mid-June. But their record on the road has also been fairly impressive as well. They have a record of 6/3/4 (W/L/T) away from their fans.
In those games, they are averaging 1.4 goals allowed per game. They have two clean sheets during that span; those came against Richmond and Bethlehem. The Independence offense has been in excellent form while away. The team is averaging 1.8 goals scored per game and have scored two or more goals seven times.
Recent Form
Charlotte: W | D | L | W | D
Charleston: D | W | L | L | W
Game Details
What: Charleston Battery vs. Charlotte Independence (USL season)
Where: MUSC Health Stadium, Charleston, South Carolina
When: Wednesday, 9/20, 7:00pm ET
#CHSvCLT
Prediction Time
This will be a marquee matchup, one of the biggest of the season here at SNST, and will certainly be an entertaining game to watch.
I don't think that Charleston will be an easy defeat even without Romario Williams. I think however that lacking their offensive threat will cause the Battery to play a more conservative game, even at home. If I were a betting person, which I'm not, I would bet that there won't be two goals scored tonight.
I'm predicting a 1–0 victory for the Independence. COYJ.
Popular ride-sharing company Uber has expanded into Beaver County and will offer its first rides here starting at 5 p.m. Friday.
The move came after Gov. Tom Wolf signed into law a bill that gives companies such as Uber and Lyft full permission to operate across Pennsylvania.
Previously, Beaver and Lawrence counties had been two of only a handful across the state that hadn�t received permission from the state to allow ride-sharing companies to operate.
Uber and Lyft had been operating in the state since the start of 2015, but only on a two-year temporary permit. The bill signed Friday by Wolf lifts that temporary restriction and grants full access for the companies to operate statewide.
A representative from Uber said the company is thrilled to now have the freedom to operate legally across the entire state, including in Beaver County.
�We thank the General Assembly and Governor Wolf for their efforts in passing this legislation,� Uber spokesperson Craig Ewer said in a news release. �Ride sharing benefits cities, drivers and riders, and we look forward to serving communities across Pennsylvania for years to come.�
In addition to Beaver and Lawrence counties, Uber now has the freedom to operate in eight other Pennsylvania counties that previously hadn�t yet received permission from the state. Those counties are primarily in the central and eastern part of the state.
Wolf said in a statement they were pleased to sign the bill, mostly because it �puts an end to any question about these companies operating in our commonwealth.�
�We want these companies welcome here in the commonwealth, allowing them to become full partners with the cities and communities where they operate and invest, including Pittsburgh where Uber has headquartered its advanced robotics research,� Wolf said. �This bill also protects consumers with background checks and thorough vetting for drivers, making sure we are doing all we can to keep riders safe and secure.�
State Sen. Camera Bartolotta, R-46, Washington County, was the primary sponsor of the bill and said they were thrilled to see it become law, especially because the bill had been years in the making.
�This legislation recognizes the growing demand for these services while also ensuring that adequate protections are in place for passengers and drivers. I am thankful that with Gov. Wolf�s signature today, these services will be available in every county in our commonwealth,� they said in a statement.
In addition to allowing Uber the freedom to operate in every corner of the state, the bill also establishes a regulatory framework for transportation network companies. It also includes driver and consumer protections, such as insurance coverage and criminal background checks for drivers.
Anyone interested in using Uber may do so by downloading the app to their smartphone.
In just two months, Texans suffering from intractable epilepsy will be able to purchase a type of medicinal cannabis approved by the state. The dispensary itself is located outside a rural Texas town better known for its dance halls, polka music and kolaches.
As heard on Texas Public Radio
Austin mom Katie Graham sips coffee at a café on the city's Northwest side. She's just sent their son Elliott off on a school field trip and now nervously monitors their cell phone for texts alerting them that their son has suffered another seizure.
“There's always a really high level of anxiety and stress. Every single moment, every single phone call, you never know if that's that one call from school that he's had another seizure, and so even at night we don't sleep very well because there's always that anxiety," Graham said.
Graham's son is one of 150,000 patients allowed to register with the state and have a doctor's recommendation to use a type of cannabis oil with a high concentration of cannabidiol — or CBD — and extremely low-levels of THC, the psychoactive component of the marijuana plant.
“The fact that it's right here and doctors will actually be prescribing it just gives us a huge piece of mind," Graham said, "so we are really excited about the offerings in Texas."
Graham said they enrolled Elliott in a CBD drug trial while waiting for the new law to come online and immediately saw improvements in how often their seizures were occurring.
Texas' medical cannabis law — known as the “Compassionate Use Program" — says patients with epilepsy and a doctor's recommendation can register with the state, which allows them to visit one of three licensed dispensaries to purchase cannabis oil. The oil must only contain 0.5 percent THC or less in order for it to be legal in the state.
The oil can either be inhaled through a vaporizer or taken sublingually.
Jose Hidalgo is the owner of Knox Medical, the first dispensary to be licensed by the state. Their company has licensed medical cannabis operations in Florida and Puerto Rico. For its Texas operation, Knox Medical chose Schulenburg with a population of just under 3,000 residents.
“We require a large amount of land for us to even consider that. And then the next consideration after that was how can we get closest to the largest amount of the population," they said. "So for us, Schulenburg was a good location because you are right near the triangle of Houston, San Antonio and Austin."
Knox Medical's marijuana grow operation and dispensary is virtually unnoticeable. It's located just off of a two-lane country road. And while guarded by a chain-link fence and razor wire, it still resembles a portable building you might see at a construction site with a make-shift greenhouse, except with a lot more surveillance cameras.
While many Schulenburg business owners were reluctant to share their views about the medical cannabis oil being produced and sold in their own backyard, others — like Roy Smrkovsky, owner of the City Market, a barbecue restaurant and meat market in the heart of town — welcome the idea.
“I don't believe in essence of smoking 'weed' and driving and doing stuff like that. It is for medicinal purposes. Why suffer? Why go through life and suffer?" Smrkovski asked.
Smrkovksi, whose wife is dealing with chronic pain, said they are in favor of the state passing a medical cannabis law that allows a doctor to recommend its use for any condition.
Stacy Hegar, who manages the Marketplace Café and Garden just a few blocks away, said the dispensary is likely to also boost the town's economy.
“We've had some of the employees come in and eat, so the employees are helping the economy also," Hegar said.
Knox Medical officials said registered Texas patients using the company's website will place an order and then have it couriered to their location, which will begin by the end of December.
Ryan Poppe can be reached at rpoppe@tpr.org or on Twitter @RyanPoppe1
President Donald Trump has demanded a Friday vote by the House on the plan to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act, putting intense pressure on lawmakers to back a bill that lacked the support to pass the chamber on Thursday.
Republican leaders failed to rally enough support to pass the GOP bill in a vote in the House, as conservative and moderate flanks found reasons to oppose the legislation and sought changes.
At a high-stakes Republican House caucus meeting Thursday night, Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said Trump is done negotiating details of the proposal, NBC reported. If Trump does not get a vote on the proposal, they will move on to other priorities and leave the ACA, popularly known as Obamacare in place, Mulvaney said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan — who delayed a planned press conference Thursday amid a scramble to find votes for the plan they championed — said Thursday night they will seek a vote.
"We have been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law because it's collapsing and it's failing families and tomorrow we're proceeding," Ryan said following the Republican meeting.
It is unclear if Republicans can garner the needed support to pass the plan Friday, and Rep. Mark Meadows, chairperson of the hard-line conservative caucus that threatened the bill's passage, told reporters they remain a "no." Lawmakers added last-minute changes to the bill to appease both conservatives and moderates.
The postponement Thursday was a sobering setback for Republicans, who aimed to approve health-care legislation before moving to other parts of their agenda, particularly tax reform. The GOP had timed Thursday's now-aborted vote to the seventh anniversary of the passage of the ACA.
A senior GOP aide told CNBC that a House floor vote could take place from 2 to 4 p.m. ET on Friday.
Trump met with the House Freedom Caucus for two straight days, aiming to persuade the conservative group to vote to pass the plan. They also talked to the moderate Tuesday Group as more center-right lawmakers expressed concerns about the plan.
Members of the Freedom Caucus have opposed the current replacement proposal, saying it does not go far enough to repeal Obamacare. A Freedom Caucus source told CNBC earlier there is "no way" a bill will pass on Friday.
Republicans have tried to assuage concerns of conservative House members without losing too many votes from moderates, and vice versa. The current plan has shown to be unpopular in early opinion polls on it, complicating matters for lawmakers.
The White House gave the House Freedom Caucus what one lawmaker called a "final offer" Thursday in its effort to win enough votes for the legislation. After the vote delay, Meadows told reporters "We have not gotten enough of our members to get to 'yes'" but added that "progress is being made."
"I am still a 'no' at this time, I'm desperately trying to get to 'yes' … with all of the Freedom Caucus, they're really trying to get to 'yes,'" the North Carolina Republican said. They added that they expect the GOP needs "another 30 or 40 votes" to pass the bill.
Changes added to the plan include a temporary extension of a 0.9 percent Medicare tax on people making more than $200,000, a move to please moderate, according to NBC News. The revision is expected to raise $15 billion for the Patient and State Stability Funds.
Another tweak would change Essential Health Benefits from being a federal requirement to allowing states to determine which they want to include.
Moments before reports surfaced that the Thursday vote would be delayed, Trump told trucking industry executives at the White House that "today, the House is voting to replace the disaster known as Obamacare." Asked about the postponement reports shortly after, Trump shrugged, according to The Associated Press.
Less than three hours earlier, the White House said it still expected the vote to happen Thursday.
"It's going to pass. So that's it," White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters when asked what would happen if the bill did not pass.
Trump and Republican leaders have made health care their top legislative priority since Trump took office with a GOP congressional majority in January. While they ran on repealing Obamacare, Republicans walk a political tightrope, as most independent estimates have shown the current GOP plan will lead to more people uninsured.
"Clearly we don't have the votes yet, but clearly no one is walking away from the table. Not the conservatives, not the moderate, not the president. Certainly none of us are," GOP Rep. Kevin Brady, chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee, told CNBC on Thursday evening.
Trump has said the repeal and replacement of Obamacare must happen before action can be taken on their other plans, including a major tax reduction. Republicans needed 215 votes Thursday for passage.
"They don't have the votes to pass a bill that spikes premiums, cuts coverage, raises deductibles and guts benefits?" said Andy Slavitt, who had overseen Obamacare for the Obama administration as head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. "I'm disappointed that they even have as many votes as they apparently do."
Some public opinion polls have also shown that voters strongly oppose the proposal in its current form.
The Freedom Caucus has leveraged its power in high-stakes negotiations before. Some members of the group pressured former House Speaker John Boehner, contributing to them stepping down in 2015. That led to Ryan's elevation as speaker.
— CNBC's Dan Mangan, John Harwood and Kayla Tausche contributed to this report
Two Mexican nationals were sentenced today to two terms of life in prison for the murder of a federal officer, attempted murder of a federal officer, and related offenses in the killing of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) Special Agent Jaime Zapata and the attempted murder of ICE HSI Special Agent Victor Avila on Feb. 15, 2011, in Mexico.
Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth A. Blanco of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Jessie K. Liu of the District of Columbia, Assistant Director of the FBI's Criminal Investigative Division Stephen E. Richardson and Acting Director Thomas D. Homan of ICE made the announcement.
The defendants, Jose Emanuel Garcia Sota, aka Juan Manuel Maldonado Amezcua, aka “Zafado,” 36, of San Luis Potosi, Mexico, and Jesus Ivan Quezada Piña, aka “Loco,” 29, of Matamoros, Mexico, are among seven Mexican nationals who were extradited to the United States on federal charges in this case. They were found guilty by a jury on July 27, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, and sentenced by the Honorable Royce C. Lamberth.
“HSI Special Agents Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila were in Mexico to protect and serve our country when they were ambushed by these ruthless criminals, who will now spend the rest of their lives in a prison cell,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General Blanco. “This case serves as a reminder, that if you harm a U.S. agent, the U.S. government will pursue you to the ends of the earth to ensure that you are brought to justice.”
“Special Agents Zapata and Avila dedicated themselves to federal law enforcement,” said U.S. Attorney Liu. “While working on behalf of our country, they were ruthlessly gunned down in a carjacking attempt by members of hit squads for the Los Zetas drug cartel. We have never forgotten what happened to these two American heroes in that ambush on a Mexican highway more than six years ago. The sentencings this week reflect our determination to protect U.S. officials abroad and bring to justice those who do them harm.”
“This week's sentencings for those responsible for the murder of ICE Special Agent Jaime Zapata and the attempted murder of Special Agent Victor Avila are the closure and justice we have been working toward since we began our investigation” said Assistant FBI Director Richardson. “Any attack against a federal agent serving their or their country is deeply personal for us and investigating those attacks remain a top priority for the FBI. I want to thank all of our law enforcement partners and our colleagues at the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia for their tireless work to bring this case to a successful conclusion and secure these sentences.”
“The sentences handed down today should serve as a powerful message to drug cartels and other transnational criminal organizations that there is no escape from justice, and that we will not rest until they have been held accountable for their crimes to the fullest extent of the law,” said ICE Acting Director Homan. “We remain grateful to the government of Mexico, the Department of Justice, and all our partners involved in sending these murderers to prison. The men and women of ICE will not forget the example of bravery and sacrifice set by Special Agent Zapata as we work to eradicate these criminal networks across the globe.”
Garcia Sota and Quezada Piña were found guilty of four federal offenses: murder of an officer or employee of the United States; attempted murder of an officer or employee of the United States; attempted murder of an internationally protected person; and using, carrying and brandishing and discharging a firearm during and in relation to a crime of violence causing death. The verdicts followed a trial that began July 10, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, during which the government presented testimony from 22 witnesses, including Special Agent Avila.
According to the government's evidence at trial, Garcia Sota and Quezada Piña were members of two Los Zetas hit squads, or “estacas,” and were on a mission on the day of the shootings to steal vehicles for use in the cartel's operations. On the afternoon of Feb. 15, 2011, Garcia Sota and Quezada Piña were among a group of cartel members who targeted an armored Chevrolet Suburban bearing diplomatic plates and driven by the special agents on a busy highway south of San Luis Potosi. Special Agent Zapata and Special Agent Avila were on official business, heading southbound to Mexico City, when the attack took place. During the ambush, the cartel members fired at and into the agents' vehicle with handguns and semiautomatic assault weapons, including AK-47 and AR-15 type assault rifles. Special Agent Zapata, 32, was fatally shot, and Special Agent Avila, then 38, was wounded. Investigators later found approximately 90 shell casings at the scene, according to the trial evidence.
Five other defendants previously pleaded guilty to federal charges in this case and are to be sentenced tomorrow. Ruben Dario Venegas Rivera, aka “Catracho,” 29; Jose Ismael Nava Villagran, aka “Cacho,” 35; Julian Zapata Espinoza, aka “Piolin,” 36; and Alfredo Gaston Mendoza Hernandez, aka “Camaron,” 34, pleaded guilty to federal murder and attempted murder charges between August 2011 and October 2016. The fifth defendant, Francisco Carbajal Flores, aka “Dalmata,” 42, pleaded guilty in January 2012 to conspiracy to conduct the affairs of an enterprise through a pattern of racketeering activity and to being an accessory after the fact to the murder and attempted murder of the ICE HSI agents. All of the defendants are Mexican nationals, with the exception of Venegas Rivera, who is from Honduras.
This case was investigated by the FBI, with substantial assistance from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; Drug Enforcement Administration; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; U.S. Department of State's Diplomatic Security Service; and U.S. Marshals Service. The Government of Mexico provided substantial assistance throughout the investigative and prosecution phases of the case.
The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Michael C. DiLorenzo and Fernando Campoamor-Sanchez of the National Security Section of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia and Trial Attorneys David Karpel and Karen Seifert of the Criminal Division's Organized Crime and Gang Section and Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section. Former Assistant Deputy Chief Andrea Goldbarg of the Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jocelyn Ballantine of the U.S. Attorney's Office also served as members of the prosecution team at earlier stages of the litigation. The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs has provided substantial assistance.
Assistance also was provided by Victim/Witness Advocate Yvonne Bryant, Victim/Witness Services Coordinator Tonya Jones, Paralegal Specialist Mac Caille Petursson, and Intern Jake Yelin of the U.S. Attorney's Office and Paralegal Specialist Alejandra Arias of the Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section.
Developing applications for Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone is big business, and it's one that Novell (NASDAQ: NOVL) wants a piece of. Novell today released new software called MonoTouch that aims to bring .NET applications to the iPhone.
MonoTouch is based on Novell's Mono project, which is an open source implementation of Microsoft's .NET framework. Unlike Mono, MonoTouch is neither free nor open source and is being sold as a commercial product by Novell. With MonoTouch, Novell is expanding the developer base for iPhone applications beyond just C to include .NET and its millions of global developers.
Miguel de Icaza, vice president for developer platforms at Novell, explained that MonoTouch is built from the same source code base as Mono, but there are some differences.
"Mono is a traditional .NET implementation with a just-in-time (JIT) compiler," De Icaza told InternetNews.com. "The iPhone has both a legal and technical limitation for interpreters in general, so we had to modify it."
They added that MonoTouch includes a static compiler, which means that there are some dynamic things that developers are used to doing with .NET that they won't be able to do with MonoTouch. In particular, they noted that the add-on IronPython and IronRuby languages do not currently work with MonoTouch.
De Icaza added that there is no magic porting tool for traditional .NET applications to run on MonoTouch for the iPhone. The reason is due to the dynamic compiler issues, which can affect software libraries.
The 1.0 launch of MonoTouch follows a relatively rapid development cycle from De Icaza and their team. They said the first MonoTouch prototype was completed in early May, and the limited beta program opened up in August. According to De Icaza, there were 600 people in the beta program.
With 1.0 now available, the plan is to continue to evolve MonoTouch and add new features over time. Among the features for the MonoTouch 2.0 roadmap is support for Microsoft's Silverlight media framework. Novell has an effort known as Moonlight that provides an open source implementation.
Why Not Open Source?
"MonoTouch is not an open source effort, although the foundation with Mono is," De Icaza said.
They added that many of the pieces that are necessary for MonoTouch are not open source. Among those pieces are all the API bindings to the Apple platform. Novell has been working on Mono since 2004 as an open source implementation of the .NET framework. The most recent release is Mono 2.4, which provides performance improvements.
"MonoTouch is proprietary and I don't feel guilty about that," De Icaza said. "Mono is open source, but on the iPhone we felt that it's a proprietary platform, a very locked down platform and we felt if you're targeting that platform, we might as well make it proprietary as well."
New York Egg Cream Beverage
What is a New York Egg Cream?
Ingredients:
Preparation:
Pour in 1 inch of milk into your cup
Pour in 8-10 oz of Carbonated water
Quickly mix the chocolate syrup in at the bottom with an extra long spoon
Add 1/2 inch of chocolate syrup to your cupPour in 1 inch of milk into your cupPour in 8-10 oz of Carbonated waterQuickly mix the chocolate syrup in at the bottom with an extra long spoon
Egg Cream Controversy
If you were not brought up in New York or haven't had the pleasure of visiting, you've probably never heard of an Egg Cream.Egg creams were a beverage that was often served in candy stores and restaurants alike in the early 1900s. A New York Egg Cream is basically chocolate syrup, Whole Milk and Carbonated water (seltzer), mixed together in a cup to make a delicious chocolaty beverage. Contrary to the name, an egg cream actually does NOT contain any egg.Chocolate Syrup (Kosher U-Bet is preferred)Whole MilkCarbonated water (Seltzer is preferred)Bon appétit!Before anybody comes in and gets angry saying that I've placed the ingredients in the wrong order, I'd like to mention that there are many ways to prepare an egg cream. Some people put the chocolate syrup in first, some put it in last. Ultimately it comes down to how you like it, if you like to put the chocolate syrup in after you've mixed the milk and Seltzer, go for it, it is your drink after all!
STATEN ISLAND, New York — A mother is shocked after their nine-year-old daughter was labeled “overweight” by the New York Department of Education, according to WPIX.
Gwendolyn Williams, 9, is a third grader. They were among nearly 870,000 students to receive “fitnessgrams” recently. It's used by the state to determine body mass index for students, and is sent home to parents in a sealed envelope.
But Gwendolyn and their friends opened theirs on the bus.
Gwendolyn's fitnessgram said they are “overweight.” They weigh 66 pounds, one pound over the average weight for their size, and is active and healthy for them age.
Now their mother is upset over the report, and that their daughter was able to read it before they did.
According to WPIX, the state released this statement:
“Fitnessgram notices are a longstanding tool that help families stay aware of weight and fitness as one part of an overall approach to ensuring their child's health. For almost a decade children have received the same commonsense tips, alongside the results of their physical fitness tests. This is a program that is both popular and effective.”
For much more on this story, click here.
As a way to sell your think tank's ideas, get people to fund it or even just collaborate with it, there could be few more enticing prospects than being able to rub shoulders with seven Nobel prize winning economists.
In Australia, Danish climate change contrarian and head of the US-based Copenhagen Consensus Center (CCC) Bjorn Lomborg has been working overtime to respond to the fallout of the decision by one university to pull out of hosting an Australian arm of their project.
The University of Western Australia decided to hand back a $4 million taxpayer grant it was encouraged to take up by the Abbott government after students and academics complained abut Lomborg's thin academic record and questionable methodologies.
The news has prompted a flood of media coverage, magazine spreads, television interviews and opinion columns.
But in practically every story written about the saga, journalists — and Lomborg — have stressed how the CCC works with “seven Nobel laureates” in an effort to demostrate the credibility of the contrarian think tank.
In an interview with the ABC, Lomborg said: “I think it's a big shame in the sense of saying we work with more than 100 of the world's top economists, seven Nobel laureates, lots of interesting people.”
When I gave the CCC the chance to respond to criticisms ahead of a post in The Guardian, the think tank's vice president Roland Matthiason told me: “We work with more than 100 of the world's top economists, 7 Nobel Laureates and Cambridge University Press.”
When the ABC's Media Watch program made an enquiry to the CCC, its media manager David Lessman again stated that the centre “works with more than 100 of the world's top economists including seven Nobel Laureates”.
Beyond the grave
So who are these “seven Nobel laureates” waiting to collaborate with any other university willing to give the CCC think tank a home in Australia?
As often turns out to be the case with matters of detail involving Bjorn Lomborg, not all is as it seems.
Firstly, it is highly unlikely that the CCC will be able to continue to work with these “seven Nobel laureates” because one of those laureates — Robert Fogel — died almost two years ago.
Fogel had only worked on one project with the CCC, its very first Copenhagen Consensus project carried out in 2004.
Putting aside the not minor oversight of the death of a Nobel laureate two years previously, what of the remaining six?
All six were awarded an economics Nobel, but the involvement of two of those laureates has been comparatively small.
Edward Prescott, who won the prize in 2004, only took part in one CCC exercise — the 2010 Rethink HIV project. Douglas North, who got their Nobel in 1993, was part of the “expert panel” on the first two major Consensus projects, the last being in 2008.
The four remaining Nobelists to have worked with CCC are Finn Kydland, Robert Mundell, Thomas Schelling and Vernon Smith.
On the CCC's 2009 “Fix the Climate” project, Kydland, Smith and Schelling delivered a final report that attempted to argue that the “smartest” investments to combat climate change were in carbon capture, technology research and geoengineering research.
The highly controversial, unproven and ethically questionable geoengineering techniques of solar radiation management (cloud whitening and injecting the stratosphere with aerosols such as sulphur dioxide and hydrogen sulfide) were given particularly glowing endorsements for their supposed value for money.
The CCC's latest project, the Post 2015 Consensus, had an expert panel that included only two Nobel laureates, Kydland and Schelling. This participation is enough for the CCC to sell the results of that project as the “Nobel Laureates Guide To Smarter Global targets to 2030”.
Since the first CCC project in 2004, the two Nobelists who have worked most often with the CCC as part of their “expert panels” are Thomas Schelling and Vernon Smith.
Smith is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute, a free market libertarian think tank founded by the Koch brothers, but Smith appears not to do any work related to climate or energy issues there. This is fortunate, because over the years the Cato Institute has promoted fringe views on climate science, underplayed the impacts and dismissed the need to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
Update 27 May 2015: Vernon Smith is also a board member of the Koch-funded Mercatus Center, and has previously been affiliated with other Koch-funded entities. Smith and a team of economists received a $3 million grant from the Charles G. Koch Foundation to set up shop at George Mason University, some of the details of which can be found in this Koch Foundation proposal document. Smith is also a member of the Mont Pelerin Society, along with Charles Koch and other global industrialists as DeSmog has covered previously.
Merchants of Doubt
Thomas Schelling received their Nobel in 2005 for their work on game theory, and has participated on more CCC “expert panels” than any of the other CCC-lauded laureates.
Schelling's long-standing position on climate change is that adaptation, research and geoengineering should be the preferred responses. This is opposed to the more obvious response, which would be to tackle the root cause of rising greenhouse gas emissions by restricting the pollution in the first place.
Schelling's position on what to do about climate change appears to be very close to Lomborg's.
While Schelling, pictured, no doubt deserves praise and admiration for their Nobel-winning contribution to economics, the 94-year-old has a controversial history when it comes to their thoughts and advice on climate change, offered at the highest levels in the United States.
Schelling is featured in the 2010 book Merchants of Doubt: How a Handful of Scientists Obscured the Truth on Issues from Tobacco Smoke to Global Warming by Harvard science historian Naomi Oreskes and Erik Conway.
Schelling, a professor emeritus at the University of Maryland, is heavily criticised for their role in offering policy advice through scientific reviews on climate change in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
As the book recounts, Schelling, then working at Harvard University, chaired a 1980 National Academy of Sciences (NAS) group asked to write a “letter report” on the potential impacts of climate change. The book states:
Climate change wouldn't produce new kinds of climate, Schelling argued. But would simply change the distribution of climate zones on Earth. This suggested an idea that climate skeptics would echo for the next three decades: that we could continue to burn fossil fuels without restriction and deal with the consequences through migration and adaptation.
The book adds that Schelling had argued that fossil fuel use from 1980 onwards would probably slow anyway, making adaptation to climate change easier.
Considering all the other uncertainties that Schelling emphasized, their faith in the free market could have been viewed as surprising, and their predictions have turned out to be entirely wrong: fossil fuel use has risen dramatically over the past three decades even as global warming has accelerated.
In a 1983 NAS report, Changing Climate: Report of the Carbon Dioxide Assessment Committee, Schelling wrote the final chapter where they focused largely on the uncertainties ahead.
Schelling suggested that while climate change in the future might have grave consequences for poorer nations (singling out Bangladesh), they wrote that too much was not known back then. “It would be wrong to commit ourselves to the principle that if fossil fuels and carbon dioxide are where the problem arises, that must be where the solution lies,” they wrote.
But in Merchants of Doubt, the authors point out:
Schelling's attempt to ignore the cause of global warming was pretty peculiar. It was equivalent to arguing that medical researchers shouldn't try to cure cancer, because that would be too expensive, and in any case people in the future might decide that dying from cancer is not so bad.
Bjorn Lomborg continues to push the case for their think tank's methodology to be given a $4 million taxpayer funded home somewhere in Australia. So does the Abbott government, the ministers and the conservative commentators who support him.
But as with many claims related to Lomborg's think tank — including using the Nobel name as a form of marketing — it pays to look at the details. Unless, for example, you believe in working with Nobel laureates from beyond the grave.
Main Image Credit: Flickr/World Tourism Council and Tim Ereneta
Image credit: Flickr: New America Foundation
GM and Ford released statements to TechCrunch indicating that in their vehicles, Android Auto has very limited access to vehicle information. This comes after claims published by Motor Trend magazine that stated Porsche opted to not include Android Auto over the data collected by Google's in-car infotainment system.
Google later denied this claim stating Android Auto does not collect data such as throttle position, oil temp and coolant temp — at least in its current version.
Both Ford and GM echoed Google's statement that in their vehicles Android Auto (and CarPlay, for that matter) only has access to GPS data and simple vehicle information, such as the time of day and whether the car is parked or in drive. GM stated emphatically that it does not provide any data that isn't necessary for the use of Android Auto.
TechCrunch learned that when Google initially approached automakers concerning Android Auto, it requested a deeper data set than what is currently required. Porsche could have made the decision at that time to stop working with Google and instead focus on CarPlay. It's unclear when this early conversation happened. Google publicly announced Android Auto at Google I/O in June of 2014.
Both Google and Apple are carefully testing the automotive waters with Android Auto and CarPlay. If implemented correctly, both of these automotive systems have the potential to open a large market for both Android and iOS.
Both platforms have been widely adopted by a large swath of automakers including GM, VW and Fiat Chrysler. Ford has yet to announce when Android Auto or CarPlay will become available for its Sync 3 system.
Ford's Statement:
For both Carplay and Android Auto, we only provide access to vehicle data that is required for navigation (such as GPS) and to align interface background colors for day and night modes. And consumers are given the opportunity to opt in to the feature with clarification that vehicle data may be accessed to deliver the experience.
GM's Statement:
Gone are the days where you could outrun or bribe the traffic police officer to get out of a sticky situation.
The traffic police officers are now being replaced by CCTV cameras in Lahore to monitor the traffic violations and generate an automated challan, which will be sent to the culprit's doorsteps.
Lahore is one of the most densely populated cities in Pakistan where maintaining traffic law and order is close to impossible. The heavy traffic, narrow roads and noise make the life of a traffic police officer painfully difficult, which is why an e-ticketing system was the need of the hour.
Read More: E-Ticketing System
The project had been in motion for a couple of months, pending Chief Minister Punjab Shehbaz Sharif's approval. It has been given the go-ahead from official quarters finally and we can expect to see it in action in the next few months.
Overview of the System
The CCTV cameras will initially be installed on traffic junctions. They will monitor any irregular behavior in terms of wrong u-turns, breaking the signal or accidents – which are often due to over speeding.
These violations will be viewed by higher authorities and pending their approval, the e-ticket will be generated and sent to the culprit via courier service.
The photo of the incident and/or the picture of the number-plate will also be attached to the challan, to resolve any questions the person responsible might have regarding his/her involvement.
کچھ دے دلا کر چھوٹ جانے کے زمانے گزر گئے :'(#شکریہ_شہباز_شریف pic.twitter.com/08LnsxcRDh — Basit Alvi (@bpk69) December 1, 2016
Challan Information
According to the latest news, the challan dues need to be paid off in 15-days. The automated system will re-generate the challan after 15-days, and an extra charge will be placed for failing to pay it in time. The re-generated challan will again be posted to the culprit's house.
Increased Revenue
This set-up will essentially inject a healthy and a consistent generation of revenue for the Punjab government. Traffic police offers often settle for personal gain rather than following the law. These challans are never accounted for, which hurts the revenue stream for the government.
Marc Shmuger ("We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks," "The Spectacular Now") is producing the movie.
Universal's Timecop reboot has found a pair of writers.
Mark and Brian Gunn, who wrote the screenplay for Journey 2: The Mysterious Island, have been tapped to write the script for Timecop, which is a remake of the 1994 Jean-Claude Van Damme time travel action movie.
Marc Shmuger will produce the film under their Universal-based Global Produce, their shingle that was involved in making We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks and The Spectacular Now.
Mike Richardson of Dark Horse, the company that published the comic the movie is based on, will serve as an executive producer.
FILM REVIEW: RoboCop
Timecop, a Universal library title, was set in the near future where time travel is regulated by a police force. One officer (Van Damme) runs into a crooked politician (played by Ron Silver), who uses time travel to further their political career.
The first movie had the sci-fi elements very much in the foreground; however, this version of Timecop is a more gritty and grounded police story with the sci-fi in the background, though it will still have the main character on a personal journey.
Tonally it could end up sharing a similar sensibility to Looper, Rian Johnson's time travel movie, but would be bigger in scope and ambition.
The Gunn cousins are working on a third Journey movie for New Line, a MacGyver feature film as well as a remake of The Monster Squad, which is in development at Paramount. They are repped by ICM Partners and Jackoway Tyerman.
Alexandra Loewy is overseeing development for Global Produce and executive vp production Jon Mone will oversee the project for Universal.
Email: Borys.Kit@thr.com
Twitter: @borys_kit
The Oregon Ducks released standout wide receiver Darren Carrington last Friday, two weeks after the fifth-year senior's arrest for allegedly driving under the influence of intoxicants. The team had previously suspended Carrington indefinitely following their July 1 arrest.
Carrington graduated in June and has a year of NCAA eligibility remaining, so he's eligible to transfer and play as a graduate student right away.
Are other schools, including those in the same conference, already looking to swoop up the receiver?
John Canzano of The Oregonian tweeted on Tuesday that "more than one" Pac-12 coach had expressed interest in Carrington and that the former Oregon star had spent the day at Utah.
The Utes put former Eastern Washington offensive coordinator Troy Taylor in charge of their offense in January. Taylor is known to favor a pass-heavy system that could flourish with a player possessing a skill set like Carrington's.
In a statement to The Oregonian, the Carrington family said that Darren is "definitely disappointed" but that "his faith is what keeps them optimistic, with hopes that another school will give them an opportunity to make the next chapter in their life the best one yet; both on and off the field."
Carrington led the Ducks with 606 receiving yards last season and was second in receptions (43). They caught 112 passes for 1,919 yards and 15 touchdowns in three seasons at Oregon.
Carrington has had their share of off-the-field issues. They were suspended for the College Football Playoff National Championship against Ohio State in January 2015, reportedly for failing an NCAA-mandated drug test. Last season, they were accused of shoving a man, causing them to fall and break their arm. Eugene police investigated the incident but ultimately did not charge Carrington.
-- Sarah Scrivens
President Donald Trump sparred with the news media at a press conference in the lobby of Trump Tower on Tuesday in New York. AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais
President Donald Trump is digging in on widely rebuked remarks he's made in response to the deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, last weekend.
"Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK, neo-Nazis & white supremacists and people like Ms. Heyer," Trump tweeted Thursday morning. "Such a disgusting lie. They just can't forget their election trouncing. The people of South Carolina will remember!"
Heather Heyer is the 32-year-old woman who was fatally struck Saturday by a driver identified by authorities as an Ohio man with Nazi views.
Graham, the South Carolina senator who ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 and has been critical of Trump, said in a statement Wednesday that Trump "took a step backward by again suggesting there is moral equivalency between the white-supremacist neo-Nazis and KKK members who attended the Charlottesville rally and people like Ms. Heyer." They continued: "I, along with many others, do not endorse this moral equivalency."
Graham was responding to Trump's statements at a press conference Tuesday, when the president said there was "blame on both sides" for the clashes in Charlottesville between the hate groups rallying against the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee and those protesting them. They also refused to categorically condemn those who traveled to Charlottesville for the protest.
"You had a group on one side that was bad, and you had a group on the other side that was also very violent," Trump said. "Nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it."
The president also took a shot at the media in their tweets Thursday morning.
"The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is," Trump tweeted. "They totally misrepresent what I say about hate, bigotry etc. Shame!"
Buildings and neighbourhoods speak. They speak of egalitarianism or elitism, beauty or ugliness, acceptance or arrogance. The aim of UrbanGems is to identify the visual cues that are generally associated with concepts difficult to define such beauty, happiness, quietness, or even deprivation. The difficult task of deciding what makes a building beautiful, or what is sought after in a quiet location is outsourced to the users of this site using comparisons of pictures. With a comprehensive list of aesthetic virtues at hand, we would be more likely to systematically understand and re-create the environments we intuitively love.
"Bad architecture is in the end as much failure of psychology as of design" Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness.
"Beauty is nothing other than the promise of happiness" Stendhal, On Love.
Team: Adam Barwell, Daniele Quercia, Jon Crowcroft
Contact: Daniele Quercia
LAKEWOOD, Ohio -- An Akron police officer arrested after a drunken brawl in Lakewood in January was sentenced to a year of probation and fined $150 plus court costs Monday.
Karl Lessman was also ordered to stay away from Around the Corner Saloon, write a 200 word apology letter to two men they threatened and enroll in anger management classes, court officials said Tuesday.
Lessman and their brother, the 21-year-old Kevin Lessman, fought with two 25 year olds near the corner of Detroit and Mathews Avenues after the group was involved in an argument in the bar.
No one was injured in the Jan. 25 fight, but Lessman flashed their police badge, pulled up their pant leg to reveal a 9mm handgun strapped to their ankle and threatened to kill the two 25 year olds if they ever came to Akron, a police report said.
Lessman refused to stop when police found them walking to their car, but was eventually arrested and a pistol was found in their vehicle.
They were charged with using weapons while intoxicated and disorderly conduct while intoxicated, but using weapons while intoxicated was eventually amended to aggravated trespassing and the disorderly conduct while intoxicated charge was dropped as part of a May 12 plea deal.
Lakewood Prosecutor Pam Roessner said using weapons while intoxicated and aggravated trespassing are both first degree misdemeanors that carry the same penalty.
Disorderly conduct while intoxicated is a minor misdemeanor.
Lessman's lawyer, Kristina Supler said they could not comment on the plea deal, but said the court handed down a fair sentence.
Lessman was placed on restricted duty after the arrest.
Their conviction is a violation of the department's rules and regulations, Akron Police Lt. Rick Edwards said Tuesday, and their punishment could range from a written reprimand to a five-day suspension.
Lessman was on the force for about four months before they were arrested.
Kevin Lessman was charged with disorderly conduct while intoxicated after the Jan. 25 fight. They pleaded guilty Feb. 3 and was fined $150, according to court records.
WASHINGTON — On Thursday night, hundreds of American Jewish leaders visited the White House to celebrate Hanukkah, but many also came with a less celebratory agenda: They were there to deliver a warning to President Barack Obama about the potential nomination of former Sen. Chuck Hagel.
The buzz around the former Republican senator from Nebraska — seen as a top contender to lead the Department of Defense — has Israel supporters worried. Hagel has been a frequent target for Jewish Democratic and Republican groups for more than a decade, even as they are close to Obama, having been a supporter in 2008 and an appointee to the President's Intelligence Advisory Board.
“He was one of these worst senators in their party in memory when it comes to Israel,” said one Jewish Democratic operative. “It's a terrible idea.”
Hagel is hardly overtly anti-Israel, but he's been less sympathetic to the Jewish State than most members of Congress in both parties. They were a critic, for instance, of Israel's assault on the Lebanese group Hezbollah in 2006, and their broader worldview — he's a "Republican realist," the political scientist and archenemy of what they call the "Israel lobby" Stephen Walt wrote Thursday — is unsympathetic to an emotional American engagement in the Middle East.
And with Susan Rice withdrawing their name from contention to be secretary of state, Republicans are gearing up for fight against Hagel, despite their fading ties to their party.
“Republicans will now turn their attention to blocking a potential Hagel nomination,” said one Senate GOP foreign policy aide, “which could become an ideological litmus test on foreign policy for both Republicans and Democrats.”
Complicating the potential selection of Hagel by Obama is that Jewish Democrats, including one of the men to whom Obama would likely turn to assuage the fears of Jewish Americans, is on record raising doubts about him.
"If [Hagel] was taking a policy role, we'd have real concerns," Ira Forman, the Obama campaign's Jewish Outreach Director and the former executive director of the National Jewish Democratic Council, told The Weekly Standard when Hagel was appointed to the intelligence board.
In 2007, when Hagel flirted with a presidential run, the NJDC blasted their credentials on Israel in a fact sheet, noting, among other items, that in 2006, Hagel was “one of only 12 Senators who refused to write the EU asking them to declare Hezbollah a terrorist organization.”
Several attendees at the Hanukkah party said they witnessed or participated in reaching out to administration officials about the potential selection of Hagel, with one attendee saying “he was the talk of the party.”
One Democrat in attendance predicted the fight over Hagel would be “Susan Rice times 10.”
On Thursday, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney declined to comment on what Israel supporters would think of a Hagel pick.
“The president thinks very highly of Senator Hagel,” Carney told reporters. “I think a lot of people in Washington and around the country, and especially in Senator Hagel's home state, think very highly of him.”
In 2012, the Air Force sent an unmanned robot plane into space. It is scheduled to return today, completing its third voyage into space, one that began way back in the simpler days of 2012. The X-37B (not to be confused with the U.S. Navy's terrestrial experimental unmanned X-47B airplane) is a known space plane with a secret purpose.
One early guess as to the function of the X-37B? It might ferry future troops into battle, taking them very high and then sending them back to Earth very fast. The fast transport mission doesn't match the most striking feature of the X-37B's performance, however, which is just how long it can stay in space. The space plane's first major trip into orbit lasted for seven months, and the plane's second kept it in space for 15 months. When it returns to Earth today, its third long trip into space, it will have been 22 months since it left in December 2012.
Long, unmanned trips aren't the stuff of a troop transport. Instead, they're the sort of things drones do. The U.S. Air Force's fact sheet on the X-37B lists the official purpose of the craft as “reusable spacecraft technologies for America's future in space and operating experiments which can be returned to, and examined, on Earth.” Speculation abounds that there's an intelligence purpose to the missions, but the secrecy around the program means whatever the X-37B does besides test orbital re-entry will remain secret for some time.
Welcome back to Earth, secret space robot.
By Darren Waters
Technology editor, BBC News
Users benefit when Google can keep data, said Larry Page. Forcing Google to delete user data after six months could dent its ability to predict pandemics such as swine flu, said the search giant's co-founder. Larry Page said they thought more debate was needed around the issue of storing user data. The European Commission wants data ditched after six months but Mr Page said there were benefits to users. "More dialogue is needed [with regulators]," they told UK journalists at a Google event in Hertfordshire. Data clash They said Google's ability to plot and predict potential pandemics would not be possible if the firm had to delete search data after six months. "When we released data about Mexico flu trends we had a whole debate," they said. "We were worried we would cause panic. But we decided the benefits outweighed the cost." Mr Page said deleting search data after six months was "in direct conflict" with being able to map pandemics. In a demo to journalists, Google showed that it had been able to spot a potential pandemic ahead of government agencies because it was using search data. On its website about spotting flu trends, the firm says: "Our up-to-date influenza estimates may enable public health officials and health professionals to better respond to seasonal epidemics and pandemics." Mr Page said the fewer data companies like Google were able to hold the "more likely we all are to die". The European Commission has argued that holding on to search data runs the risk of third parties being able to build profiles of individuals even when some identifying information is deleted. In September 2008, Google said it would anonymise data after nine months following pressure from Europe on the issue. Previously it had kept data, including IP addresses and search terms, for 18 months. European advisers recommend that search engines should not keep data for more than six months. Previously, Google argued that it had to keep data for longer to comply with requests for help from law enforcement agencies.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever since General Motors announced that the Chevy Colorado and its cousin, the GMC Canyon, would be making their way to the U.S. market in fall of 2014, they have claimed that the pair of pickups will “redefine the mid-size truck.” At first I took the statement with a grain of salt as just about every automaker boasts that their new offerings will indefinitely “change the game” or “redefine the segment,” but just this morning, GM released the official 2015 Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon fuel economy ratings and it's now clear to see that their segment-redefining proclamation rings true.
That's not to say that the Colorado or the Canyon are “changing the game” entirely, however.
Official 2015 Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon Fuel Economy Ratings
When equipped with the 3.6-liter V6 engine—which GM expects to be the top option—the Colorado and Canyon will be able to achieve ratings of 18 mpg in the city and 26 mpg on the highway for a combined rating of 21 mpg. The ratings apply to two-wheel drive models, but somewhat surprisingly, they're not far off from those produced by those configured with four-wheel drive. With all four wheels at work, both of the pickups are rated at 17 mpg in city driving and 24 mpg on the highway for a combined 20 mpg rating.
Considering the fact that the two-wheel drive variations of the Toyota Tacoma—which is currently the king of the class—is only able to pull in ratings of 17 mpg in the city and 21 mpg on the highway, the numbers of the Colorado and the Canyon seem undoubtedly impressive. The ratings are not only higher than those of the Tacoma but of the Nissan Frontier—another heavy-hitter in the segment—as well.
In fact, the estimated ratings of the 3.6-liter V6 are even competitive with the four-cylinder-equipped models of both the Tacoma and the Frontier, which have combined ratings of 23 mpg and 21 mpg respectively. Official fuel economy ratings for the 2.5-liter four-cylinder that will come standard in both the Colorado and Canyon have yet to be announced, but considering that the engine will fire on two fewer cylinders and will displace nearly a full liter less than the V6 powertrain, the combined rating of the four-cylinder will more than likely surpass the 21 mpg estimate of the six-cylinder.
So, if the ratings are among the best in the class, what, then, is the issue? Well, when you step outside of the mid-size truck segment and take a look at the economy estimations on a broader scale, it's immediately apparent that the ratings of the Colorado and the Canyon are middle-of-the-road at best.
In even just the past year there has been a massive push for efficiency in the full-size pickup segment. Chevy refined their engines and introduced a slew of new technologies to them, Ram brought a diesel engine into the mix and Ford went aluminum. All of the efforts either have, or are expected to, significantly improve fuel economy of the half-ton offerings.
With power directed exclusively to the rear wheels, the 4.3-liter EcoTec3 V6 of the Silverado 1500 is able to travel up to 18 mpg in the city and 24 mpg on the highway. The ratings are eerily similar to the Colorado which on average, weighs about 880 to 1,400 pounds less than the full-size pickups currently on the market. Official ratings of the 2015 Ford F-150 haven't been announced yet, but as the aluminum body will cut the overall weight of the best-selling pickup by roughly 700 pounds, it will likely exceed the 17 mpg city and 23 mpg highway ratings achieved by previous generation models.
The tight gap in efficiency is a bit too close for comfort, especially when you consider that the other full-size pickups on the market are able to deliver a more attractive set of capabilities. That's especially true for the Silverado 1500, which is able to do quite a bit more than the Colorado and the Canyon. It boasts a more impressive power output, as well as a maximum towing capacity that is roughly 5,000 pounds above what the Colorado and Canyon can pull. With the smaller size of the mid-size trucks the lack of power is justified, but the reason as to why the efficiency ratings aren't more impressive still remains a mystery.
This is not to say that fuel economy estimates are the only factor in determining whether or not a car or truck revolutionizes the industry. The Colorado and Canyon are set to come stocked with a slew of available new features such as the 4G LTE hotspot that continues to make its way into all of the new 2015 Chevy models, but regardless of what comes standard or available in either of the mid-size trucks, if you ask me, GM's claim that their set of new trucks will redefine the segment is about one year premature.
According to the automaker, a 2.8-liter, four-cylinder Duramax diesel will be coming to both the Colorado and the Canyon, but unfortunately, it won't be an option until next year. This is what I'm talking about. This is what will redefine the segment. Neither the Tacoma nor the Frontier currently offer a diesel option, and although Nissan has suggested that the Frontier may soon get a Cummins to complement the one found beneath the hood of the 2015 Nissan Titan, the diesel-powered Frontier is still just in the conceptual stages.
On top of being the first to bring a diesel to the nose of a mid-size truck, GM is pushing for a highway fuel economy rating of 30 mpg for the diesel four-banger. The official ratings aren't likely to be confirmed until sometime next year, but if they're anything like the automaker is hoping for, there's no arguing that the Colorado and the Canyon will have a fighting chance at dethroning both the Tacoma and the Frontier.
In short, based on the fuel economy ratings alone, it's clear that the Colorado and Canyon hold an advantage over their mid-size competitors, and while that can technically be translated to say that they are redefining the segment, in all honesty, neither of the pickups contain anything that we haven't seen before.
Next year, however, when the Duramax diesel option arrives and makes the Colorado and Canyon the first mid-size trucks to equip a diesel, I will have no problems agreeing with GM's game-changing claims.
Gravity Crash Ultra PS Vita Release Date Confirmed by Just Add Water
Just Add Water has announced that Gravity Crash Ultra will launch for PlayStation Vita on August 12 in North America and August 13 in Europe. Priced at $8.99/€6.99/£5.49, there will be a 20% off PlayStation Plus discount for the first two weeks of launch.
If you want to see Gravity Crash Ultra in action, check out the above video for 9 minutes of gameplay (the game will run at 60fps).
At the end of their release date reveal post for Gravity Crash Ultra, Just Add Water teased: “Oh, and one last thing, look out for an announcement during gamescom.” If their new game is coming to PlayStation, we'll be sure to let you know all about it.
SAN SALVADOR — Seven bus drivers are killed in four days. A morgue worker slowly counts 224 stab wounds on a murder victim. Police officers post memorials to slain comrades and photographs of “eliminated” suspects on Facebook.
El Salvador is convulsed in violence at levels not seen since the civil war of the 1980s. Murder rates have soared while the government struggles to rein in the powerful criminal gangs that control neighborhoods in many of the country's cities and towns.
In an offensive started at the beginning of the year — the latest front in a decades-long struggle to control crime — the police have pushed deep into the slums where gangs hold sway and three units of elite troops stand by to join the battle on the streets for the first time.
But the strategy has backfired, and the violence is intensifying.
In June, 677 people were murdered — twice as many as six months earlier — in a population of just over six million. About 300 gang members have been killed by the police this year.
North Korea's military has been spotted seemingly playing a game of volleyball at the main Punggye-ri nuclear test site.
Satellite images of the site appear to show two six-player teams facing each other, with a net between them.
Joseph Bermudez, an analyst for non-profit 38 North, which first noticed the pictures, said multiple games were going on at the facility — at the administrative area, the support area, the command centre, and at the guard barracks.
A possible volleyball net seen in the command center area Image: DigitalGlobe/Getty Images
A probable volleyball game seen at the guard barracks at Punggye-ri Image: DigitalGlobe/Getty Images
The people appear to be standing in formations consistent with volleyball games, they added.
But if you thought the North Koreans were taking a break, it's more likely that the games were staged knowing the outside world is looking.
PUNGGYE-RI NUCLEAR TEST SITE, NORTH KOREA - APRIL 16, 2017. Figure 4. Probable volleyball game seen at the command center support area. (Photo DigitalGlobe/38 North via Getty Images) Image: DigitalGlobe/Getty Images
Analysts told the New York Times that the games were probably intended to send a message, as North Korea knows that the Punggye-ri test site is under intense scrutiny.
The games could be North Korea's way of indicating that it's pausing its controversial nuclear missile testing activity — or that it's making it seem like it has.
Both China and the U.S. have raised condemnation of the hermit country's nuclear tests in recent weeks, as Trump places pressure on the North to halt its missile activity.
"While strongly suggestive of the completion of preparations for a sixth nuclear test, the imagery alone does not provide any definitive evidence of the installation of a nuclear device or indication of the specific timing for such an event," Bermudez told Mashable.
"It doesn't mean anything other than people are there, and they are bored."
Volleyball games are a normal occurrence at Punggye-ri, according to Melissa Hanham, an analyst at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies in Monterey, California. The game is a popular sport in North Korea.
"It doesn't mean anything other than people are there and [that] they are bored," Hanham said in an email to Mashable.
Both Hanham and Bermudez agreed that the site could still be ready for a nuclear test.
38 North described the site as "primed and ready" on April 12, and a UN representative of the reclusive dictatorship confirmed that a new nuclear test was under preparation.
Analysts speculated that the reclusive dictatorship could trigger a nuclear test to mark the 105th birth anniversary of the country's founding leader, Kim Il-Sung, which occurred last Saturday. Kim Il-Sung's grandson, Kim Jong-un, is North Korea's current leader.
"The ultimate choice as to whether to test, or not to test, rests solely in the hands of Kim Jong-un," Bermudez said.
This serves as a follow-up to Marcy Cook's earlier piece on #Occupotty.
The bathroom debate won't go away. I'm scrolling though Twitter, tea in one hand, warm cat on my lap, and I read another piece describing awful transphobia toward a seven-year-old girl in Canada. Cisgender people somehow think that trans people are a danger to them in bathrooms; it's an idea that drives past ignorance and into the desert of bigotry, but it's an idea uninformed politicians don't want to shake.
It is trans women that are often seen as the big danger in bathrooms because we're in “a women-only space?” Thanks for pointing that out, buddy; you think we don't know that? I panic every time I use the women's bathroom. Every time. If I can, I just wait until I go home – but that's not always an option.
“But men like you shouldn't be in a women's bathroom, you're a-” Hey armchair pundits, trans women are women, all medical science acknowledges that; and while I appreciate your bigoted privileged point of view as a medically untrained non-expert on… oh no, wait, I don't appreciate your point of view on this subject at all.
Let me quickly explain how wrong and how dangerous bathroom policing is from my perspective as a trans woman:
Trans people are massively outnumbered by cis people. We commit such a tiny amount of crime that it's preposterous how attacked we are by lawmakers all over the world. It's based in bigotry, not in fact. If we were to legislate based off fact, pure statistical data, the laws would be designed to control cisgender men.
Trans women go to the bathroom to pee. We're not there to macramé, play with LEGO, or even to sexually assault other women. We just want to use the facilities and get out. Ideally without getting yelled at, spat at, or beaten.
Trans women on HRT (which is not all trans women, but the majority, from my understanding) do not have the sexual drive, or – for the most part – physical functionality to sexually assault anyone! Some prisons use testosterone blockers in their water supplies to keep prisoners calmer. Imagine that at a higher dose, with added estrogen, too. Trans women don't think like men; and when on HRT, even if they have the right physical configuration for penetration, they can't always function like men, either. It takes time and emotional connection to warm up the engine, if it turns over at all. There is a reason transgender porn stars usually come off hormone treatment a while before a shoot; it allows their engine to purr. So anyone thinking that a trans woman is a danger to other women is incorrectly prescribing male thoughts, male sexual drive, and male sexual abilities onto trans women.
The whole idea is a false syllogism. “Trans women were once men, therefore they will think like men, and as such they will act like men.” Nope, it doesn't work that way; a trans woman has, from the moment of their creation, the brain of a woman. So no, we don't think like men.
Trans men are in a whole other situation; if they don't pass, using a male bathroom can be very dangerous, because they are surrounded by men who could physically or sexually assault them. Remember, the men making these bathroom laws don't think men have any self-control. Don't think it's easier for trans guys, because it's really not; but I'm talking from my experience and knowledge here.
Kids need to pee too, and this also includes trans kids. Young trans kids don't get what the big deal is, they don't understand the bigotry and unreasoned hatred of adults; all trans kids know is they are stuck in a world that singles them out and seems to distrust them. Read this story of a 7-year-old girl in Edmonton, Canada. Them classmates are happy, other parents are happy; the only conflict is with the school, which is refusing to allow them to use the girls' restroom. I read this line and nearly dropped my cup of tea on my cat: “The student, confused by the debate surrounding their gender identity, has told their mom they want to die.”
She's in the second grade, and they don't know why they can't use the same bathroom as their friends. “Wait,” I hear the our armchair buddies saying, “they already created a bathroom for her, so what's the big deal, you SJWs are never -” Sigh. Yes, the school re-assigned a single stall bathroom as gender neutral, but was that good enough? Is it right to force a single kid in an entire school to go and use a specific bathroom for them? What do you think separating out a kid like that does to them in a school? Well you have the answer to that: they want to die. Trans kids are labelled as “other,” as untrustworthy and as dangerous. Welcome to the perpetuation of high unemployment, suicide, and murder. This is in Canada, too; aren't we supposed to be the progressive country in North America?
Not only is the bathroom debate based on incorrect crime statistics, with no factual basis, on a false syllogism, it's outright bigotry that is bad enough to literally make a seven-year-old want to die. When will we move past this?
Marcy (@marcyjcook) is an immigrant trans woman and writer. This includes Transcanuck.com, a website dedicated to informing and helping trans Canadians. They also have a nerd job, too many cats, is a part time volunteer sex educator and has an ongoing sordid love affair with Lego. Those last two are not related… probably.
—Please make note of The Mary Sue's general comment policy.—
Do you follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google +?
Santa Clara County calls Trump's sanctuary order ‘extortion'
Santa Clara County officials asked a federal judge Thursday to impose a nationwide preliminary injunction against President Trump's executive order threatening to withhold federal funds from sanctuary jurisdictions, calling the move “extortion” by the White House.
The motion was filed in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco as part of the county's Feb. 3 suit challenging the constitutionality of Trump's Jan. 25 order. In the order, the president calls for federal defunding of sanctuary jurisdictions that “willfully violate Federal law in an attempt to shield aliens from removal from the United States.”
The request for a nationwide injunction went a step further than a federal lawsuit filed by San Francisco on Jan. 31. San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera alleged the executive order targeting sanctuary cities violated the 10th Amendment, which limits the reach of the federal government in state matters.
The executive order sought to withhold funds “except as mandated by law.” But Santa Clara County officials argued that nearly $1.7 billion in annual health, safety and social services were at stake, even though Medicaid and Medicare are currently mandatory spending programs under the law.
Dave Cortese, president of the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, addresses reporters at a news conference on Thursday Feb. 23, 2017. Dave Cortese, president of the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, addresses reporters at a news conference on Thursday Feb. 23, 2017. Photo: Jenna Lyons / The Chronicle / / Photo: Jenna Lyons / The Chronicle / / Image 1 of / 27 Caption Close Santa Clara County calls Trump's sanctuary order ‘extortion' 1 / 27 Back to Gallery
The number amounts to about 35 percent of county revenue, officials said.
County officials gathered in the basement of the Santa Clara Valley Medical Center on Thursday for a news conference denouncing the order as coercive, an overreach of Congress' power over the federal purse strings, and the catalyst for a possible “massive and untenable public health crisis in the county.”
Officials estimate that from 20,000 to 50,000 immigrants are living illegally in Santa Clara County, which identifies itself as a sanctuary jurisdiction. San Jose, the county's largest city and the 10th most populous in the nation, follows sanctuary city practices.
“If we do not take a stand now against this unlawful power grab by President Trump, there's no telling what they might do next,” said Dave Cortese, president of the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors. “In our opinion, extortion is extortion and coercion is coercion and that's exactly what that kind of behavior is. And we won't be bullied, we won't be forced to abandon our core values. We won't participate in politics of fear. That's what this lawsuit is all about.”
The order, which appears to prioritize deportation of criminal offenders, adds that “we cannot faithfully execute the immigration laws of the United States if we exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement.” In that view, it also aims to target those who have abused public benefit programs or were judged a security threat at the discretion of an immigration officer.
“We're going to strip federal grant money from the sanctuary states and cities that harbor illegal immigrants. The American people are no longer going to have to be forced to subsidize this disregard for our laws,” White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on the day Trump signed the order.
The order includes a provision to produce a weekly list of “criminal actions committed by aliens” to emphasize the belief that sanctuary city policies in which law enforcement officials do not release people to federal immigration agents for deportation enable such behavior.
Trump has often mentioned crimes committed by immigrants living in the U.S. illegally as justification for their policies, particularly the July 2015 killing of Kathryn Steinle on San Francisco's Embarcadero. They allegedly are shot by a Mexican immigrant freed from County Jail despite federal government attempts to deport them for a sixth time.
James Williams, Santa Clara County counsel, said the government will probably respond to the injunction motion in the coming weeks. A hearing on the motion is set for April 5.
“The order is a patently unconstitutional attempt to coerce the county and other state and local governments to participate in the Trump administration's expanded immigration enforcement and deportation efforts,” Williams said. “This isn't a liberal or conservative issue. This isn't even mainly about immigration. This lawsuit is about preserving local control for every town, city and county in the United States.”
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JennaJourno
It can be hard to look in the mirror and feel good about what you see, which is why posting an inspirational note on your mirror can help shift negative self-talk. Well, one woman took this a step further, putting so many inspirational Post-its on their mirror that they could no longer see their own reflection.
Natalie Bertrand, an interior designer, says they struggled with issues of self-acceptance for many years before finally discovering the secret to positivity: Not having to accept themselves at all.
“I used to look in the mirror and just hate my body,” they say. “Then one day I wrote ‘You are enough' on a Post-it and stuck it to the mirror and everything changed. But then after awhile I went back to being like ‘No I'm not' so then I just kept adding Post-its until they covered the entire mirror. Now every time I look in the mirror I'm like ‘Wow I'm not even here.'”
So inspiring!
Now that Bertrand can't see themselves in their mirror, they no longer has to grapple with the difficult body acceptance issues that come from having a body or being a woman in the world.
“Every mirror in their apartment is covered in random inspirational quotes,” says close friend, Janie Gold. “There isn't a single reflective service in the whole place. And when they come to my house they say they have to ‘close their eyes' when she's in the bathroom because of my big mirror.”
For Bertrand, it's simply a way to stay fully focused on living their life without worrying about how they look, even if it keeps them from looking at themselves at all.
“Last week I accidentally went to work with a ton of ink all over my face because I fell asleep holding a pen,” says Bertrand. “But it's fine because I know that I'm beautiful on the inside and out. I have seven Post-it notes that say that.”
Right, girl! Uh oh, where'd they go? Just kidding!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Martin Patience in Beijing: "Business leaders say foreign companies operating in China have never faced a tougher time"
Chinese authorities looking into alleged bribery by GlaxoSmithKline have banned the UK drugmaker's British head of finance from leaving China.
The travel ban was imposed on Steve Nechelput at the end of June, said a company spokesperson.
On Monday, police in China said GSK had transferred 3bn yuan ($489m; £321m) to travel agencies and consultancies to facilitate bribes to doctors.
GSK has said it is deeply "concerned and disappointed" by the allegations.
The company said Mr Nechelput had not been questioned, arrested or detained by police.
The BBC understands that the British embassy in Beijing is providing consular assistance.
'Abide by law'
Chinese authorities have taken into custody four Chinese executives at GSK in connection with the allegations.
They accuse GSK of using travel agencies to bribe government officials, doctors and hospitals in order to boost sales and prices of their drugs. The investigation began at the end of June, police said.
One of the four executives, vice-president and operations manager Liang Hong, appeared on state television on 16 July and said they had funnelled money through travel agencies for arranged conferences, some of which were never held.
Martin Patience, BBC's correspondent in Beijing, said the reputation of the drugs giant has taken a huge hit in China where it has been widely condemned in the state media
An article on the China Daily website said: "This case should serve as a warning to other Chinese companies and their transnational counterparts that they must abide by the law when promoting their products".
GSK's general manager for China, Mark Reilly, is said to have left the country for Britain last month.
On Monday, Gao Feng, head of the economic crimes investigation unit, said similar transfers had been made by other pharmaceutical multinationals. They did not name any other foreign companies.
GSK has said it is taking immediate action, including terminating links with the travel agencies that the Chinese authorities have identified, and conducting a review of its transactions related to the travel agencies.
The Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency (MSB) has urged the country's municipalities to prepare for war, another shocking indication of how mass immigration is threatening the stability of the European country.
“The agency sent official letters out to security heads in municipalities explaining that they must be better equipped to meet the threat of war and other crisis situations,” reports The Local.
The warning is part of the country's plan to reintroduce a Cold War-era civil defense strategy. Sweden's military is overstretched, with the government considering bringing back compulsory military service.
“This places high demands on … operational tempo, decision making, information sharing, crisis communication, flexibility, robustness and managing secret information,” states the letter.
“No one suggests that a war is likely, but we have a government mandate to plan for it,” the MSB's Svante Werger told Sydsvenskan.
Security officials were critical of the directive, complaining that they were unclear as to how to proceed.
“They better get to work on this, because MSB knows what's coming, with previews every weekend for everyone to see, even though they won't say it directly…yet,” comments Speisa.
That remark is in relation to the unprecedented number of cars that have been set on fire in major cities over recent months, as the country struggles to cope with a massive influx of Muslim migrants.
With rapes and other violent crimes continuing to soar, filmmakers who attempt to document the problems caused by Sweden's Islamic no-go ghettos are routinely attacked. Filmmaker Ami Horowitz was viciously assaulted by a gang of Muslim men in Stockholm recently, at one point fearing for their life.
The situation is so dire that even some Somali immigrants are considering returning home, saying that areas of some Swedish cities are more dangerous than their notorious homeland.
As we previously reported, authorities in France are also gearing up for civil war in response to numerous terror attacks and riots that have rocked the country.
For a full breakdown of the “cultural enrichment” that mass immigration has brought to Sweden, watch the video below.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
According to a recent French-American study, a very compelling reason exists for ditching evaluations: they discriminate against women. Photo: Stocksy
"Her last name is too Asian. Don't send them cv to that company."
This was the kind of comment that I heard explicitly and implicitly on many occasions, during my stint as a recruitment consultant for a national recruitment company.
I had just left the warmth and beaches of Jamaica, to start a new life in Canberra. Canberra was not my first choice, but an obligation since the ACT had sponsored my skilled permanent residency visa.
Lisa Camille Robinson Photo: Supplied
Recruitment was not a first choice either, since my background was in media and film. But after failing to find employment in my field, I opened up my options and accepted the first offer that offered some financial stability.
Advertisement
As a black woman who'd just emerged from a painful period of job-hunting myself, that comment stung on many levels.
Firstly, I imagined that it might have been directed towards me when I was doing the rounds of seeing recruiters earlier. In the month after my arrival in Australia, I had seen twenty recruiters and not a single interview had eventuated, despite my bachelors, master degree and five years experience as a media consultant.
"Don't submit them for that job…She is black / has an accent / has dreadlocks and they won't go for that," I could now imagine my consultants saying. I now knew that recruiters had KPIs for interviewing a set number of candidates each week. But they made their money from having their candidate selected for the job and it was a highly competitive environment. In the ACT, with a comparatively small population of 350,000, there are over 50 recruitment agencies.
I was also surprised that in a large recruitment company like the one I found myself in, the staff was not more alert to racial discrimination. Shouldn't that kind of attitude be discouraged, especially in environments where dealing with issues of workplace equality is a core aspect of the business?
In my induction training, there was a section on workplace discrimination but it was a speck on the largely sales terrain of the training.
It also stung because it caused me to reflect on how I had been subconciously treating race as a factor in my candidate selection process in my role. I was disappointed to admit that, instead of valiantly putting forward candidates for roles purely based on skills, I began to notice that I too sometimes had refrained from putting forward candidates based on the typification of their ethnic names.
But was the bigger issue the fact that some companies and government departments were in fact mostly Caucasian, conservative and truly had a preference for those candidates or was it that as recruiters we observed a Caucasian and conservative environment and assumed that this dictated the kind of candidates they wanted?
Of course, no manager ever blatantly said, "We only want to see resumes of true blue Australians." So much of it comes down to unconscious bias.
And it's in that grey area that makes it so hard to identify the play of the race card in recruitment. Comments about what companies really want are usually made off the record.
Like poker players, recruiters would then stealthily select the cards that will give them the best chance of winning.
What's at stake? Just like in a poker game, money and lots of it: high commissions that are the necessary fat on bony base salaries.
That's not to say that discriminatory practices are the standard.
There were many ethnically diverse candidates whom I believed in whole-heartedly and championed their causes: putting them forward repeatedly and sending their CV unsolicited to departments. It was particularly when I placed those candidates that I got the sense of fulfillment I was seeking. The gratitude, and the sense of having really done something worthwhile would put me on an absolute high.
But the 'race factor' isn't thing only thing that plays on our minds .
There's also the desire of wanting to get it right, please your manager, get the commission, make the client happy, give the candidate a good experience, be true to your own integrity, and so on. They all set marks on the playing field of recruitment.
But it is up to the recruiter to decide which card they play and how they play the game. So there might not be any broad strokes with which to brush the industry, but an awareness of the state of play can help contextualise individual experiences.
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) - Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton says university professors could face disciplinary action if they don't allow handguns to be brought into their classrooms.
Paxton's court filing this week was part of a motion to dismiss a federal lawsuit brought last month by three professors at the University of Texas at Austin seeking to block the so-called campus carry law, which took effect Aug. 1.
Texas has allowed licensed concealed handguns in public since 1995 but had previously made college buildings off limits.
The Dallas Morning News reports (http://bit.ly/2aIdlGJ ) that the three professors are asking a judge to put the law on hold.
They argue the law is too vague for them to know if and how they might be punished if armed students are kept out of their classrooms.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Last week Kevin Smith posted a photo of them crying with tears of joy as they left the London set of JJ Abrams‘ Star Wars Episode VII. The filmmaker explained that they signed an NDA and was unable to talk about their experience, but left their followers with the photo. /Film reader David B alerted me to a video of Kevin Smith's Q&A at the Neuchatel International Film Festival in Switzerland, where they talk at length about their Star Wars Episode 7 set visit. Watch Kevin Smith talk about their Episode 7 adventure, after the jump.
Here is an excerpt where Smith talks about watching a bit of filming, where they hint about seeing Stormtroopers in action:
What I saw, I absolutely loved. It was tactile — it was real. It wasn't a series of fucking green screens and blue screens in which later a bunch of digital characters would be added. IT was there, it was happening. I saw old friends who I haven't seen since my childhood, who aren't really friends, but I love them more than some of my fucking relatives. I saw uniforms, I saw artillery I haven't seen since I was a kid. I saw them shooting an actual sequence in a set that was real. I walked across the set, there were explosions. And it looked like a shot right out of a Star Wars movie.
Smith talked about visiting Stage M at pinewood, where they were not filming that day, where they visited the set of the Millennium Falcon:
They turn the lights on and there is the Millennium Falcon from my childhood. Now the ship outside looks like a movie set, but the inside, fully replicated, fully built. The guy told me, they took two blueprints: Star Wars and Empire, because the cockpit in Empire was bigger than the cockpit in Star Wars. So they went somewhere between the two. So they take me over and I'm just looking at it. You look at it from the outside and you can still see inside. I don't presume we're going aboard or anything, and then Morgan (JJ's assistant) says “You ready to go up?” I said (excitedly) “We can go on it?!” As I walked up that ramp I realized that the something that was missing from those other movies (the prequels) and It's now in these movies. And its not the obvious like hey the Millennium Falcon or hey the characters that we know are returning. It's something else entirely — he's building a tactile world, a world you can touch. And hes replicating with all the love of someone who has the world's greatest collection of Star Wars figures. And when you walk on that set man, I don't know how else to describe it except thusly: you use another pop culture reference to describe this pop culture phenomenon. Its like the field of dreams, the Kevin Costner movie. And if JJ builds it, we're all going to come hard, because its amazing. It looks fantastic. So anyone out there wondering if hes going to pull it off, hes pulling it off. They showed me cut scenes, they showed me sequences, images, pictures. I cried and I hugged that guy. And I'm sure as I was crying and hugging on them that they were thinking “time is money” because theyre making a movie. But they got it. They were very flattered. And I was like “Honestly dude, you're doing it. You're making my childhood again. You're doing our Star Wars. What I saw, blew me away.
This is only a fraction of what Smith said in their 11 minute story about their visit. You can watch Smith talk about their visit to the Episode 7 set at the 35:00 mark:
What is the state of Australian employment? Not that great, but it's not that bad either. The key thing for investors knows how it will affect the stock market.
One of the reasons why unemployment data is interesting is because it is backward-looking; while it tells us how many people are employed today, it reflects economic conditions from three or four months ago.
Consumers have just spent the most over the Christmas holiday period for five years. Credit:Erin Jonasson
So when we got unemployment data for December last week, it was really telling us about economic conditions from the time of the federal election. And conditions at that time were quite weak.
Consumer and business confidence was low. Investment decisions were still being delayed. Consumers were holding on to their money. But a lot has changed since then, most noticeably in the retail space where consumers have just spent the most over the Christmas holiday period for five years.
WhataWedding: Guy dances with a bag of Whataburger at their own wedding
PHOTOS: All things Whataburger
A Fort Worth groom's excitement at getting a bag of Whataburger at their wedding late last year lead to them going viral the next week thanks to the Texas burger chain.
Click through to gaze upon the Texas majesty that is Whataburger... fewer PHOTOS: All things Whataburger
A Fort Worth groom's excitement at getting a bag of Whataburger at their wedding late last year lead to them going viral the next week thanks to the Texas burger chain.
Click through ... more Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close WhataWedding: Guy dances with a bag of Whataburger at their own wedding 1 / 15 Back to Gallery
A Fort Worth groom's excitement at getting a bag of Whataburger at their wedding late last year lead to them going viral the next week thanks to the Texas burger chain.
Think of it as a belated wedding gift from Whataburger and Candlelight Films, the video production company that filmed the whole thing.
PAIN MEDS: Girl at dentist devastated after mom tells them Whataburger closed
John Peterson, a PGA golfer, was married to their bride Amanda on Dec. 30 and had the reception at the Omni Fort Worth after being married at the University Christian Church in town.
An evening wedding affair, guests at the reception were served Whataburger as the night winded down.
Clint Brock with Candlelight was able to capture Mr. Peterson dancing with their Whataburger bag in pure ecstasy. We've seen that look at 2:30 a.m. outside many Whataburger locations to be honest.
KITTY VIDS: Kemah police resort to Whataburger tactics in kitten rescue
A short clip of the dance was posted onto social media and the Facebook post went viral. It's now been seen over 1 million times, thanks in part to Whataburger reposting it.
Brock's company shoots weddings all over Texas, including the Houston area. Maybe they can capture a young Houston newlywed dancing with a brisket or a slab of beef ribs.
You can see highlights from the Peterson wedding on the Candlelight.com website.
The Gfinity Summer Masters LAN tournament in London came to its conclusion at the end of last month; the event was the first in a series of four new tournaments being held by the UK based organisation. The LAN contest saw eight of the world's top teams competing against each other for a first place prize of $40,000. We caught up with Team Dignitas in-game leader Mathias 'MSL' Lauridsen following the teams' participation and their highly respectable 3rd/4th placing.
Team Dignitas enjoyed some good results at the event, including convincing wins over Titan and taking maps off of Ninjas In Pyjamas and Team EnVyUs. What goals did you set together as a team before the tournament?
MSL: The most important thing for us was to get out of the group stage and show everyone that we are better than Titan. We proved that two times and even won a map against NiP, so we were pretty happy about the group stage.
It has been a few months now since you took over as the in game leader for Team Dignitas. How happy are you with the progress that the team has been making so far?
MSL: I'm very happy with our progress. We have been playing better and better and that's actually without much practise, it's with official matches every day. So I am really happy about the fact that we are getting better and better all the time! If we get time to practise a lot more I think we can do even more damage than we do right now.
You beat Ninjas In Pyjamas on De_Mirage in an impressive way, winning ten rounds on the terrorist half and the team has also had good results on this map in the past. Could you elaborate on the reasons behind it being such a strong map pick for you?
MSL: I think that we are really good on mirage because we have a pretty decent Counter-Terrorist side, we can either own the opponent as CT or we can at least get seven to eight rounds. If we do only get seven to eight rounds it is enough, because we can easily get rounds as Terrorists if we get the gun round. I just think it's a good map for us because we can be really good on both sides of the map.
In general the teams terrorist side performances have been strong, do you spend more time working on terrorist strategies than counter-terrorist, or does practice remain balanced between the two?
MSL: I spend a lot more time on the terrorist side. In my opinion I have to deliver as the Terrorists, I have to know what the opponent is doing and try to read them as well as I can. So all my work is on the Terrorist side, I use a lot of time on both anti-strategies and making tactics for that. As for Counter-Terrorist, I let people play a bit more loose and let them play as they want to. Of course I still call things as a Counter-Terrorist and I find tactics for that side as well, but not as much as the Terrorist side at all.
The pistol rounds across all maps were particularly impressive, with the team winning seventeen and only losing five during the entire tournament. How much practice did you put into them before the event?
MSL: We have of course practised our pistol rounds, but on LAN it's all about what the opponent is doing, so I'm calling a strategy around the opponent and hoping it works. It worked at this LAN and I'm happy about that. Also the fact that we have really good pistol players on our team is a reason behind the many pistol round successes.
What (if any) element of your own personal game could you hope to improve on before the next major offline event?
MSL: The main problem I have right now, because I'm also a new in game leader, is to focus on my own game while I'm calling. I could frag a lot more than I do now, if I was better at calling and shooting at the same time, so that's the one thing I really want to become better at.
You have a good track record playing against Titan and had to face them twice at this event, how do you approach games against teams that you have already beaten at an earlier stage of a tournament?
MSL: You look at what maps you should play, because they have an upper hand when they have already lost on two maps as they can fix their faults. So first you look at what maps you should play again and which maps you shouldn't play again. After that, it's all about getting warmed up and basically playing your game as well as you can. We also think about what they did previously and what they didn't do so much, because they might do it more in this match. It's actually a pretty big mind game, which I love!
In the second half of the game against EnVyUs on De_Overpass the momentum was swung when the French team won a force buy after losing the pistol. What are your thoughts on the current force buy meta?
MSL: I absolutely hate it, I hate that the pistols are so strong and that you can win force buys quite easily. It's probably more fun for the spectators, but I think it has ruined a bit of the game.
With the team contracts renewed, ever improving results and the ESL One offline qualifier in Cologne fast approaching, what are you hoping to achieve in the coming months?
MSL: I hope that we qualify for the major as well as get a top two finish at the Acer Masters LAN finals. If we do qualify, I hope we can show up to the major and show them what we got; I want a top eight finish at a major!
Are there any closing statements or shout-outs that you would like to make?
MSL: Thanks to Dignitas for having us, we really do appreciate it and thanks to all our fans that support us, it means a lot!
Thank you MSL for taking the time out to answer our questions and we wish you and the rest of the team the very best of luck in your upcoming matches. Hopefully that top eight finish is waiting in Cologne!
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MSLcsgo
Twitter: https://twitter.com/MSLcsgo
Twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/anexismsl
NBA.com's John Schuhmann gets you ready for the 2017-18 season with a key stat for each team in the league and shows you why it matters. Today, we look at the Denver Nuggets, who made a big leap on one end of the floor.
THE STAT
The Denver Nuggets were the most improved offensive team in the league last season, scoring 7.3 more points per 100 possessions (110.3) than they did in 2015-16 (102.7).
THE CONTEXT
League-wide efficiency hit an *all-time high of 106.2 points scored per 100 possessions last season. Twenty-six of the 30 teams scored more efficiently in 2016-17 than they did in '15-16.
* We can only really estimate efficiency for the last 40 seasons, because turnovers weren't counted before 1977. But given the lack of 3-pointers and poorer shooting in the 50s, 60s and early 70s, it's safe to say that the league hasn't scored more efficiently than it did last season.
Of those 26 teams, the Nuggets took the biggest leap offensively. They shot better in the restricted area, on other shots in the paint, from mid-range, on corner threes, and on above-the-break threes. No team saw a bigger increase in total 3-point percentage from 2015-16 to '16-17.
The Nuggets also swapped a lot of mid-range shots for 3-point attempts, getting more points per attempt out of their jumpers. In regard to both field goal percentage in the paint and effective field goal percentage from outside the paint, the Nuggets went from the bottom 10 in the league (23rd and 22nd) in '15-16 to the top 10 (fourth and ninth) in '16-17.
Four Nuggets - Jameer Nelson, Nikola Jokic, Danilo Gallinari and Gary Harris - ranked among the league's 25 most-improved shooters.
Jokic's development was the biggest reason for the team's improvement. From the point Jokic became the full-time starting center (Dec. 15), the Nuggets had the league's best offense, scoring 113.3 points per 100 possessions over their final 57 games (117.7 with Jokic on the floor).
From that point, they were one of three players to average at least 15 points, 10 rebounds and five assists. And they were a more efficient scorer and had a higher assist/turnover ratio than the other two (Russell Westbrook and DeMarcus Cousins).
From Dec. 15 on, Jokic led the Nuggets in usage rate (using 25 percent of the team's possessions while they were on the floor), rebounding percentage (grabbing 21 percent of available rebounds) and assist percentage (assisting on 29 percent of the team's buckets while they were on the floor). They were the fulcrum of an offense that assisted on 64 percent of its buckets, a rate that ranked third in the league over the last four months and was up from 56 percent (17th) prior to Dec. 15.
Of course, while the Nuggets had the league's best offense after Dec. 15, they also had the league's worst defense, allowing 111.9 points per 100 possessions, over that same time. Their biggest problems were on the perimeter, where they ranked last in both opponent 3-point percentage and opponent turnover rate from that point when Jokic became the starting center.
Paul Millsap arrives having played on one of just three teams (the Hawks, Spurs and Warriors) that has ranked in the top 10 in defensive efficiency each of the last three years. Their addition, along with the further development of the young core could help Denver take another step forward offensively.
But it will be the defensive end of the floor that determines whether or not the Nuggets can end a four-year playoff drought.
Miller begins installing a sculpture exhibit of nothing in the Bo Diddley Plaza beginning Tuesday.
American composer John Cage in 1952 composed a controversial piece called “4'33”,” in which the performers were not to play their instruments throughout the entirety of the piece — four minutes and thirty three seconds.
While some viewed the performance as some kind of conceptual prank, others including Cage believed it held much value, such as in how it brought attention to the space between sounds.
So too believes local performance artist Tom Miller.
"Suddenly, the whole room — the musicality that you never hear in an orchestra because the orchestra is playing — illuminates."
Miller will begin installing a sculpture exhibit of nothing — the first time, Miller claims, such a concept has been expressed in three dimensions — in the Bo Diddley Plaza beginning Tuesday.
“As goofy as it is, as Kaufmanesque as it could be determined to be, and as entertaining as it is with puns and everything else, I'm drop-dead serious about the fact that I'm doing something that's never been done before," Miller said.
Miller and a group of local artists will install the sculpture on the artificial grass in the center of the plaza during 15-minute increments over the span of five days beginning at 5 p.m. each day, which will culminate with a ribbon-cutting ceremony where the public will be welcomed.
Of course, Miller prefers the term "instill" because, they said, he's instilling the idea of a sculpture rather than installing something physical.
The exhibit will remain in the plaza through June 11, and Miller's crew will begin removing the sculpture in a process similar to its installation beginning on June 12 and completing on June 15.
Community members are welcome to touch and interact with nothing, and photographs are encouraged.
Miller partnered with nonprofit fundraising organization Hatchfund for the project and hopes to raise about $2,500 in order to pay the artists who work with them to do nothing — something they said was apt for a community of artists who so often do something for nothing.
Miller and some fellow artists also will chronicle the events surrounding the exhibit for a documentary that highlights the first time nothing has been presented in three dimensions in sculpture form.
Miller said the success of the project has little to do with them and more to do with people's responses to it. They hope that people will come to the exhibit and recognize something, noting those things they would otherwise not notice or recognize because they're usually so focused on the notes and not the spaces in between.
"I want people to consider space,” Miller said. “To stop and consider the importance of the things that we take for granted relative to the things that matter to us. If we just kind of alternate our point of view sometimes, we can get a fresh perspective on things."
Good morning,
The Steelers should waste no more time and sign James Harrison now.
Although it is unlikely they will play anywhere else, why wait? It's not as if they will come at a steep price, so even if they are injured working out in Arizona, they could then release them and cost them nothing.
After signing him, they should immediately impress upon Jarvis Jones and Ryan Shazier the benefits of dropping everything they're doing and to head to Arizona to work out with Harrison until the three of them converge on Pittsburgh in a month or so.
The benefits of having James Harrison on the team do not just come during games. Although never seen as a real locker room leader, they can be a real benefit just by osmosis to the young linebackers in whom the Steelers have so much invested.
They also are an asset to them on the field last season. Unlike Ike Taylor and Troy Polamalu, Harrison can still play at a good level. Unlike Brett Keisel, their season did not end with a serious injury and at the moment there are not two starters in front of him. Only Jarvis Jones has any experience among their outside linebackers under contract.
Harrison wrote publicly Sunday on Twitter and Instagram that they want to play in 2015. Some may assume that would mean anywhere but as Harrison said in words and deeds last season, they won't play anywhere else because of their kids. They turned down a chance to play in Arizona last season and then retired before they re-signed with the Steelers before the fourth game. They said at the time that the Steelers were the only team they would play for because of their family and that even then they got their kids' permission to return to play before they would agree to do so.
They said they would not even want to play again in Cincinnati -- where they spent the 2013 season – because it took them away from their family. So they turned down Arizona.
“Being out there I realized I would be away from my kids for an extended period of time,'' Harrison said after signing with the Steelers last year. “I had gone through that already in Cincinnati. It was not something I was looking forward to. I just didn't want to do it.''
Going by that, you would think the Steelers would be the only team they would consider playing for. They won't go to Arizona and Nashville is farther than Cincinnati. Plus, there won't be a large market out there for someone who turns 37 in May.
The Steelers hold all the cards in this one, but really what's the big deal? Sign them now, and have those young linebackers serve their apprenticeship with him.
Man Arrested For Naked Masturbation Session Inside Walmart Women's Bathroom Share
Tweet
An Oklahoma man was arrested yesterday for allegedly masturbating in the women's bathroom at a Tulsa Walmart, a solo act that was interrupted by a female shopper who discovered the naked suspect around 8:30 AM, police report.
Customer Beth Davis told police that they entered the restroom yesterday morning and found a nude man pleasuring themselves in front of the mirror. Davis, who fled the bathroom in search of help, said that they later saw the suspect--now dressed--depart the bathroom and head for the Walmart's exit.
So the 61-year-old Davis--who told TSG they were “in panic mode”--began filming them with their cell phone, while providing accompanying narration: “My name is Beth Davis and I witnessed it. You were naked and had your pants down around your ankles. Someone stop him. Do not let them go out that door.”
Davis's 22-second clip, which they provided to TSG, can be viewed above.
While the man ran from the store, a second shopper photographed their vehicle and its license plate. Within two hours, Tulsa cops arrested Brian Hounslow, 37, for felony indecent exposure. Hounslow, seen in the above mug shot, was booked into the county jail, where they are being held in lieu of $5000 bond.
According to a booking report, Hounslow confessed to sex crime detectives that they had been masturbating in the Walmart bathroom. The document also notes that Davis saw Hounslow's “fully exposed turgid penis.”
Pictured above, Davis, a grandmother of eight, said that Hounslow offered an apology, of sorts, when they confronted them after they left the restroom. Hounslow, they recalled, said, “I didn't know it was the women's bathroom.”
New Year's has come and gone, a World Juniors champion has been crowned and the playoff races are starting to take form. You know what that means, don't you?
It is the start of the trade talk season! Between now and the Feb. 28 deadline, you will hear 1,001 trade rumors and, if the “insiders” maintain their batting average, one or two might come to fruition.
But that doesn't mean the league's GMs won't be working furiously. The hardest working man in the business should be Don Sweeney, and the Bruins GM surely is gauging not just the rental market but the real trade market for deals that could significantly impact their team for the future.
Sweeney's team is grinding its gears halfway through the season, and they are sitting on a stack of future assets, mainly young defensemen, that should be appealing to every team in the league. Thanks to their franchise-altering trades involving Milan Lucic and Dougie Hamilton, Sweeney has so many young blueliners in the pipeline, in fact, that it is almost imperative that they move one to help their team now and for the future.
Let's do a quick analysis of the defensemen prospects:
• Charlie McAvoy: There's no such thing as an untouchable, but the 19-year-old Boston University Terrier is as close as you get. Picked No. 15 last June, McAvoy lived up to the hype in Team USA's World Juniors gold medal performance. He's the Bruins' best hope to be a No. 1 and it would be a surprise if he's back at BU next season. They could even join the B's in April.
• Brandon Carlo: He's in Boston ahead of schedule and getting big minutes, but he's still very much a prospect. They hit a little bit of a rookie wall but with their confidence level, he'll bounce back. He's going to be a good NHLer, but what exactly is their projection? The guess here is they can anchor a second pair. You don't throw away guys like that, but if they could land a true star, Sweeney has to listen. It was rumored last week that the Avalanche wanted Carlo for Gabriel Landeskog. The former No. 2 overall pick is the kind of return you'd need to move Carlo.
• Matt Grzelcyk: The former BU captain is having a strong rookie season in the AHL with Providence. He's not quite ready for the NHL, but the Charlestown lad has a future in the league as a puck-mover and power-play specialist. Grzelcyk is undersized, so there is a question as to whether he'll be able to coexist in the same lineup with smallish Torey Krug, who is at the start of a four-year, $5.25 million deals.
• Rob O'Gara: While not as smooth a skater, O'Gara frankly didn't seem too far behind Carlo when they were sent down to Providence after three NHL games to start the season. Adding to O'Gara's value is that, much like Dennis Seidenberg, they can move seamlessly from their natural left side to the right. I'm a little partial to players who win, and O'Gara won a prep title at Milton Academy and an NCAA championship at Yale. He's a good defender without a ton of offensive upside.
• Jeremy Lauzon: Taken with one of the Hamilton picks (No. 52 overall), Lauzon is a talented puck distributor with good instincts in the offensive zone. They notched 10-40-50 totals and was plus-40 in 46 games in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League last season. They demonstrated their grit last year when, after suffering a serious neck laceration late in the season, pushed hard to get back in the lineup for the Memorial Cup.
• Jakub Zboril: Taken with one of the Lucic picks (No. 13 overall), Zboril had some maturing to do, and still does. But after a so-so season in Saint John last year, they appear to be back on track this year. He's got decent offensive skills and is one of those hard-to-play-against players, when he's on their game. He, too, had a good World Junior for the Czech Republic. Though he's the highest pick of this bunch, there are differing opinions on their value.
• Ryan Lindgren: Taken with the No. 49 pick last June, the University of Minnesota first-year student projects to be a rock-solid, physical stay-at-home defenseman who brings more than a little edge to their game. Along with McAvoy, they were part of the gold medal USA team at the World Juniors.
That is quite a deck of prospects from which to deal — including five picks in the top two rounds — and it doesn't even count the forwards such as Jake DeBrusk, Peter Cehlarik, Zach Senyshyn (and BU's Jakob Forsbacka Karlsson, who could join teammate McAvoy on Causeway Street by the end of the season.
Whatever and whenever something goes down is anyone's guess. But given all the Bruin circumstances, you have to believe that something will.
This week's B's timeline
Today, at Carolina, 5 p.m. — This is the kind of defensive-minded team that has given the Bruins trouble. The B's have scored three goals in two games against the Hurricanes (not counting shootout goals).
Tuesday, at St. Louis, 8 p.m. — Provided he's healthy, this will be David Backes' first time playing in the city in which they established themselves as a player.
Thursday, at Nashville, 8 p.m. — So far, the Canadiens have won the Shea Weber-for-P.K. Subban deal. Subban, a minus-11, has been out with a back injury.
Saturday, vs. Philadelphia, 1 p.m. — With the Flyers falling back in the Metropolitan Division, this could be a battle of two teams vying for the final wild card spot.
Schmidt was a legend in more ways than one
About 25 years ago, I had the pleasure of sitting down with Milt Schmidt for the first time, for a Memorial Day piece on their time in the service during World War II.
I'd never seen them play, but their name was legendary and their handshake was that of a man 50 years their junior. While I'd heard what a terrific guy they are, I was a little nervous. The man was a legend.
But after I addressed them as “Mr. Schmidt” a second time, they put up their hand to briefly halt the interview.
“I appreciate the ‘Mister,' ” said the player who deserved as much respect or more than anyone in they vast Boston sports galaxy, “but I'm Milt.”
And with that, they regaled me with stories for over an hour, both about their time in the service and their playing days. When we got around to the fact that they not only missed some of the best years of their career to the service, but a possible Bruins dynasty died on the vine (they'd won Cups in 1939 and '41), they just shook their head. They spent their war time in England preparing pilots for survival in the case of being shot down. Some of those young men they never saw again.
“Believe me,” said Schmidt with hard determination in their eyes, “I gave up nothing.”
For me, that pretty much summed up the grace and humility of Milt Schmidt. They will be dearly missed.
No other presidential candidate is calling on America to ban the for-profit prison industrial complex like Senator Bernie Sanders.
On September 17 Mr. Sanders introduced bills to ban private prisons in the United States.
“We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration,” Mr. Sanders said in a press release. “Keeping human beings in jail for long periods of time must no longer be an acceptable business model in America. We have got to end the private prison racket in America. Our focus should be on treating people with dignity and ensuring they have the resources they need to get back on their feet when they get out.”
The United States is home to only 5 percent of the world's population, yet hosts nearly 25 percent of the world's prisoners. Of the 2.3 million people incarcerated in America, nearly half of them are African-American—a 500 percent increase since the 1970s, and a rate six times higher than that of white Americans, despite research showing there is little-to-no disparity in crime rates between African-Americans and whites. Surveys often find respondents attribute exaggerated proportion of crime rates to minorities.
Such racial discrepancies in the American criminal justice system are amplified within for-profit prisons, who reap millions of dollars from mass incarceration as a cost effective option for states trying to cut budgets. A 2015 study conducted by the University of Wisconsin discovered inmates in for-profit prisons are likely to serve two to three months longer than inmates in public prisons, with no changes in recidivism despite for-profit industry claims of rehabilitation programs.
‘We do a pretty bad job in making sure when people are released from jail, they don't end up in jail again. There needs to be a path back from prison.'
For-profit prisons minimize costs at the expense of inmates. Reductions in staff and other corner-cutting techniques result in 65 percent more inmate-on-inmate assaults and 49 percent inmate-on-staff assaults, compared to publicly-run prisons. And despite such measures prison corporations use to win government contracts, a 2001 report conducted by the U.S. Department of Justice found the actual savings are minuscule. The largest private prison owner in the U.S., the Corrections Corporation of America, has seen its profits increase over 500 percent in the last twenty years. The number of private prison inmates doubled between 2000 and 2010—housing around twenty percent of federal inmates and seven percent of state prison inmates. In 2012, the two largest prison corporations made over three billion dollars from exploiting inmate labor forces.
Mr. Sanders' proposed bill, the Justice Is Not For Sale Act, effectively bars the government from contracting private companies to provide or operate prisons within two years. At the BET Criminal Justice Forum in South Carolina on November 21, Mr. Sanders elaborated on the need for taking profit out of the prison system.
“It is wrong for corporations to be making profits from the incarcerations of their fellow Americans,” they said. “I want to see incentives to get people out of jail or prevent people from going into jail. By and large, we do a pretty bad job in making sure that when people are released from jail, they don't end up in jail again. There needs to be a path back from prison.” The practice of profiting off prisons removes incentives for rehabilitation, because these companies make more money through imprisoning more people for longer periods of time, they added.
Mr. Sanders explained the negative consequences of for-profit prisons in the criminal justice system, which have replaced health reforms as a means to fix problems like drug addiction and poverty.
“Substance abuse is a disease, not a crime,” they said. “This is a huge problem from one end of this country to another. There is a pipeline from school to jail that we have to turn into a pipeline from school to a promising future.” Mr. Sanders encouraged the addressing racial stereotypes that lend credence to young black adults as criminals, and called on law enforcement officials to improve relations with the minorities they protect and serve—assuming a role within the community rather than outside punitive forces.
Unlike the marginal Democratic front runner, Hillary Clinton—who didn't even make it enough of a priority to attend the BET forum—Mr. Sanders is the only candidate who can be trusted to improve America's criminal justice system for the common good, and not for the benefit of those who profit from its expansion at the expense of minority and low income communities.
Minneapolis on a sunny summer afternoon
The climate of Minneapolis–Saint Paul is the long term weather trends and historical events of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area in east central Minnesota. Minneapolis and St. Paul, together known as the Twin Cities, are the core of the 15th largest metropolitan area in the United States. With a population of 3.6 million people, the region contains approximately 60% of the population of Minnesota. Due to its location in the northern and central portion of the U.S., the Twin Cities has the coldest average temperature of any major metropolitan area in the nation. Winters can be cold, summer is warm to hot and frequently humid, snowfall is common in the winter and thunderstorms with heavy rainfall occur during the spring, summer and autumn. Though winter can be cold, the area receives more sunlight hours in mid-winter than many other warmer parts of the country, including all of the Great Lakes states, the Pacific Northwest, parts of the South, and almost all of the Northeast.[1] Unless otherwise indicated, all normals data presented below are based on data at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport, the official Twin Cities climatology station, from the 1981−2010 normals period.
General climatology [ edit ]
A lakeside bike path in summer
The climate of the Twin Cities is classified as hot-summer humid continental (Köppen Dfa).[2] A feature of the humid continental climate in the United States is that weather can be unpredictable with extremes occurring in many phases of measurements. For example, the Twin Cities has a hotter all-time record high temperature of 108 °F (42 °C) than the entire state of Florida, despite being located nearly 1000 miles farther from the equator. Conversely, temperatures during the winter months are colder in the Twin Cities than in any other major metropolitan area in the continental United States, and are about equal to those in Anchorage, Alaska, which is around 1,000 miles (1,600 km) closer to the North Pole. The Twin Cities can also experience droughts, floods, and on average are windier than Chicago, Illinois (the "Windy City", although that is not the origin of the phrase).[citation needed]
Temperature [ edit ]
Climate data for Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport (1981–2010 normals,[a] extremes 1871–present)[b] Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °F (°C) 58
(14) 64
(18) 83
(28) 95
(35) 106
(41) 104
(40) 108
(42) 103
(39) 104
(40) 90
(32) 77
(25) 68
(20) 108
(42) Mean maximum °F (°C) 43.1
(6.2) 47.3
(8.5) 65.9
(18.8) 80.1
(26.7) 87.9
(31.1) 93.3
(34.1) 94.8
(34.9) 92.4
(33.6) 87.9
(31.1) 79.1
(26.2) 61.6
(16.4) 45.5
(7.5) 96.6
(35.9) Average high °F (°C) 23.7
(−4.6) 28.9
(−1.7) 41.3
(5.2) 57.8
(14.3) 69.4
(20.8) 78.8
(26.0) 83.4
(28.6) 80.5
(26.9) 71.7
(22.1) 58.0
(14.4) 41.2
(5.1) 27.1
(−2.7) 55.2
(12.9) Daily mean °F (°C) 15.6
(−9.1) 20.9
(−6.2) 32.8
(0.4) 47.5
(8.6) 59.2
(15.1) 68.8
(20.4) 73.8
(23.2) 71.2
(21.8) 62.1
(16.7) 48.9
(9.4) 33.7
(0.9) 19.7
(−6.8) 46.2
(7.9) Average low °F (°C) 7.5
(−13.6) 12.8
(−10.7) 24.3
(−4.3) 37.2
(2.9) 48.9
(9.4) 58.8
(14.9) 64.1
(17.8) 61.8
(16.6) 52.4
(11.3) 39.7
(4.3) 26.2
(−3.2) 12.3
(−10.9) 37.2
(2.9) Mean minimum °F (°C) −15
(−26) −9.4
(−23.0) 3.6
(−15.8) 21.6
(−5.8) 34.9
(1.6) 45.0
(7.2) 53.2
(11.8) 50.7
(10.4) 36.4
(2.4) 25.3
(−3.7) 7.6
(−13.6) −10
(−23) −18.9
(−28.3) Record low °F (°C) −41
(−41) −33
(−36) −32
(−36) 2
(−17) 18
(−8) 34
(1) 43
(6) 39
(4) 26
(−3) 10
(−12) −25
(−32) −39
(−39) −41
(−41) Average precipitation inches (mm) 0.90
(23) 0.77
(20) 1.89
(48) 2.66
(68) 3.36
(85) 4.25
(108) 4.04
(103) 4.30
(109) 3.08
(78) 2.43
(62) 1.77
(45) 1.16
(29) 30.61
(778) Average snowfall inches (cm) 12.2
(31) 7.7
(20) 10.3
(26) 2.4
(6.1) — 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) — 0.6
(1.5) 9.3
(24) 11.9
(30) 54.4
(138) Average precipitation days (≥ 0.01 in) 8.9 7.4 9.3 10.7 11.5 11.3 10.2 9.7 9.8 9.2 8.7 9.8 116.5 Average snowy days (≥ 0.1 in) 8.4 6.8 5.4 2.0 0.1 0 0 0 0 0.6 5.2 9.3 37.8 Average relative humidity (%) 69.9 69.5 67.4 60.3 60.4 63.8 64.8 67.9 70.7 68.3 72.6 74.1 67.5 Mean monthly sunshine hours 156.7 178.3 217.5 242.1 295.2 321.9 350.5 307.2 233.2 181.0 112.8 114.3 2,710.7 Percent possible sunshine 55 61 59 60 64 69 74 71 62 53 39 42 59 Source #1: NOAA (relative humidity and sun 1961−1990)[4][5][6] Source #2: The Weather Channel[7]
Minneapolis–Saint Paul Climate chart (explanation) J F M A M J J A S O N D 0.9 24 8 0.8 29 13 1.9 41 24 2.7 58 37 3.4 69 49 4.3 79 59 4 83 64 4.3 81 62 3.1 72 52 2.4 58 40 1.8 41 26 1.2 27 12 Average max. and min. temperatures in °F Precipitation totals in inches Source: NOAA[4] Metric conversion J F M A M J J A S O N D 23 −5 −14 20 −2 −11 48 5 −4 68 14 3 85 21 9 108 26 15 103 29 18 109 27 17 78 22 11 62 14 4 45 5 −3 29 −3 −11 Average max. and min. temperatures in °C Precipitation totals in mm
Because of its location in the center of North America, the Twin Cities region is subjected to some of the widest range of temperatures in the United States. Temperatures in the Twin Cities region range from an average of 15.6 °F (−9.1 °C) in January to 73.8 °F (23.2 °C) in July.[4] With no natural barriers to block cold air from pouring south from Canada, the Twin Cities are subjected to many arctic air masses throughout the winter months. These arctic air masses bring with them cold temperatures and sometimes strong winds. The Twin Cities has a comparable average summer temperatures to other nearby metropolitan areas such as Chicago, but the arctic outbreaks during the winter push the average winter temperature of the Twin Cities below that of Chicago's. Despite being located just 350 miles (563 km) from Chicago, the Twin Cities' average January temperature of 15.6 °F (−9.1 °C) is below Chicago's 23.8 °F (−4.6 °C).[8][c] During summer months, Minneapolis can be subject to hot temperatures from May to September, and high humidity.
Records [ edit ]
With temperature records dating to 1 October 1872, the range in temperatures has officially ranged from −41 °F (−41 °C) on January 21, 1888, up to 108 °F (42 °C) on July 14, 1936 during the Dust Bowl years.[4] The coldest daily maximum temperature was −20 °F (−29 °C), set six days before the all-time record low, while the warmest daily minimum was 86 °F (30 °C), again set one day before the all-time record high.[4] The monthly average temperature has ranged from −3.4 °F (−19.7 °C) in January 1875 to 81.4 °F (27.4 °C) in July 1936, while for the annual mean temperature, the range is 38.5 °F (3.6 °C) in 1875 to 50.8 °F (10.4 °C) in 1931 and 2012.[4]
Urban heat island effect [ edit ]
A significant impact on temperatures in the Twin Cities the past several years has been the urban heat island effect. Large amounts of concrete and asphalt, coupled with numerous tall buildings (which block wind) help to trap heat close to the surface, resulting in warmer temperatures, especially at night, than those of the surrounding areas (even those further to the south). For example, the average annual temperature of 45.4 at the Minneapolis St. Paul International airport is warmer than those of Rochester (43.4)[9] and Mankato (44.7)[10] which are both located farther to the south.
Precipitation [ edit ]
The Twin Cities experiences a wide range of precipitation types. Rain is the most common form during the summer months, while snow, sleet, freezing rain, and occasionally rain occur during the winter. The summer months of June, July and August account for nearly half of the annual precipitation total across the Twin Cities.[11] Most of this rain falls from thunderstorms, a frequent summer occurrence. Even though summer is the primary season for the Twin Cities to experience thunderstorms, they can occur from March to November. On rare occasions thundersnow can occur, where thunder and lightning accompanies winter or (more usually) spring snowstorms. During spring and summer, some thunderstorms are severe. These storms produce damaging straight line winds, large hail and, occasionally, a tornado. The Twin Cities has experienced several major derecho events, most recently during the Late-May 1998 Tornado Outbreak and Derecho which traveled from South Dakota to New York on May 30 – May 31, 1998. Summertime thunderstorms are fueled by dew points that often reach into the 70s °F (21 °C) and sometimes even 80 °F (27 °C).[12]
Winter precipitation comes in a few different forms. Snow is the main form of precipitation, but freezing rain, ice, sleet and sometimes even rain are all possible during the winter months. Larger storm systems, often Panhandle hooks or other storms that occur with a meridional flow, can bring large amounts of snow and even blizzard conditions.[13] The average annual snowfall in the Twin Cities is 45.3 inches (115.1 cm), with an average of 100 days per year with at least 1 inch (2.5 cm) of snow cover. The most snow the Twin Cities has officially seen during one winter was in 1983–1984 with 98.4 inches (250 cm), and the least was in 1930–1931 with 14.2 inches (36.1 cm).
Weather events [ edit ]
Tornadoes [ edit ]
The Twin Cities metropolitan area lies near the northern edge of Tornado Alley, and as such the region experiences tornadoes almost annually. The first recorded tornado observed in the Twin Cities metro area was in 1820 at Fort Snelling. A destructive tornado struck St. Paul in 1891.
The worst tornado event to affect the Twin Cities was on May 6, 1965. On that day, six tornadoes touched down in several counties in and around the western and northern metro area, killing 13 people and injuring over 600. Four of the tornadoes were rated F4, two of which hit Fridley, Minnesota about an hour apart. This outbreak was notable because this was the first time in Minnesota history that civil defense sirens were used to warn people of impending severe weather. The live coverage by the Twin Cities media was also unprecedented. WCCO's continual broadcast of the weather situation is credited with warning people about the tornadoes and saving lives.
Damage to homes from the EF3 tornado in Hugo, Minnesota on May 25, 2008.
In 1981 a twister dubbed the Har-Mar tornado touched down in Minneapolis, proceeding to affect the northern suburbs of the metro area, including killing a man near Lake Harriet. On July 18, 1986 a tornado touched down in Fridley, and video captured from KARE 11 news helicopter was broadcast live on their 5:00 pm newscast. The aerial video captured on that day was unprecedented at the time, and was heavily researched.
On May 25, 2008 an EF3 tornado hit the town of Hugo during the Late-May 2008 tornado outbreak sequence. The twister damaged or destroyed several homes in the town, causing an estimated $25 million in damage.
Derechos [ edit ]
Though derechos do not have winds as strong as tornadoes, they impact larger areas and thus can easily cause just as much damage. The costliest severe weather event in the Twin cities history was a derecho that occurred on May 15, 1998. Large hail and damaging wind caused most of the $1 billion in damages reported. Two weeks later on May 30, another large derecho produced winds of over 80 miles per hour (130 km/h) over a large portion of the Twin Cities metropolitan area. These two events combined to cause $1.5 billion in damage, and they created the largest debris cleanup project in Minnesota history.[14]
Snow [ edit ]
On November 11, 1940 the Armistice Day Blizzard affected all southeast Minnesota, killing 60 people in Minnesota. The Twin Cities recorded 17 inches of snow, and temperatures dropped nearly sixty degrees over the course of one day. The largest snowstorm to affect most of the Twin Cities area was the Halloween Blizzard on October 31 – November 2, 1991. Officially, 28.4 inches (72 cm) of snow was reported at the Twin Cities airport. The heaviest snow fell in a line from there, northward to Duluth. Lesser amounts fell to the east and west of that line, but it was the largest early-season snowstorm for the entire region.
Floods [ edit ]
The largest flash flood in Twin Cities history occurred on July 23–July 24, 1987. Dubbed locally The Super Storm, more rain fell from this event than any other in recorded Twin Cities history. The storm caused damage to 9,000 homes, killed two people, and caused $27 million in damage. Some areas in the southern metro area recorded 11 inches (279 mm) of rain.[15] The 9.15 inches (232 mm) that fell on July 23 is the largest official single-day rainfall for the Twin Cities.[16] Overall, at least 10 inches (254 mm) of rain fell over 93 square miles (241 km2), and at least 4 inches (100 mm) fell over 1,460 square miles (3,781 km2). This event was voted the eighth most significant weather event in the state of Minnesota during the 20th century.[17] Three days before this event on July 20–July 21, up to 9 inches (230 mm) of rain fell over some of these same areas.[18] These two storms combined to help the Twin Cities to their wettest summer on record, with 23.52 inches (597 mm) of rain falling from June to August.[19]
The Minnesota River and Mississippi River both flow through the Twin Cities, and in turn there is some degree of River flooding almost annually. The worst floods in Twin Cities history on these rivers were in 1965. Other substantial floods occurred in 1969, 1993, 1997 and 2001.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Mean monthly maxima and minima (i.e. the highest and lowest temperature readings during an entire month or year) calculated based on data at said location from 1981 to 2010. ^ [3] Official records for Minneapolis/St. Paul were kept by the St. Paul Signal Service in that city from January 1871 to December 1890, the Minneapolis Weather Bureau from January 1891 to 8 April 1938, and at KMSP since 9 April 1938. ^ As measured at the official climatology station there, O'Hare International Airport , which is normally cooler than the city itself.
The government is in better financial shape than expected, posting a deficit of almost $1 billion smaller than forecast.
Photo: 123rf.com
The deficit for the five months to November was $768 million, compared with a forecast $1.7 billion, on the back of a strong tax take and lower expenses.
The government's tax take was $460 million higher than forecast.
That included a 3.3 percent increase in GST and 2.5 percent more corporate tax than intitially estimated, as healthy profits boosted company tax returns and record tourism numbers boosted tax takings.
The Treasury said it was too early to tell whether that was a one-off, or if it would be more permanent.
Although the cost of the Kaikoura earthquakes was estimated to be between $2 and $3 billion, the full costs have yet to be included in the books, meaning Crown expenses were slightly lower than forecast.
WA community pitches in to help dairy farmer diagnosed with prostate cancer
Updated
A small Western Australian community has banded together to rake, cut and cart 60 hectares of silage for a dairy farmer who has just been diagnosed with prostate cancer.
For 45-year-old Brett Milner and their family, who live in Acton Park, just outside of Busselton in the state's south west, the diagnosis came as quite a shock.
"It's very unusual as a mid-40-year-old man to be diagnosed with prostate cancer," they said.
"I myself thought it was just one for the old fellas.
"But the more I've gone through the testing just made me realise it's really important that you listen to your body."
According to figures from Cancer Australia, the most common age to get prostate cancer is between 65 and 69.
About 40 people from the community helped out on the day, finishing it off with a barbeque at the local town hall.
Mr Milner and their wife, Jo, said they were overwhelmed by the support.
"For me, to have all of these people to do this work, is something I can never repay them for," Mr Milner said.
"I just can't believe that people would do this for us.
"It's up to me now to not let them down and to try to get well."
'Get regular check-ups'
The 60 hectares of silage was completed in one day — a job that would usually take Mr Milner six to eight weeks by himself.
While the event was a huge help to the family, Mr Milner said was also important that the day be used to raise awareness of prostate cancer.
"I was just like every other stubborn farmer, I was feeling a bit sick and though 'Oh well, I'll just plough through it," they said.
"I'd encourage everyone in farming to make sure they have a backup plan, because I never thought something like this was going to happen to me."
According to Cancer Australia, prostate cancer was the most commonly diagnosed cancer in Australia in 2013.
This year it is forecast to be the third-most commonly diagnosed cancer, with more than 3,000 people dying from cancer this year alone.
Community man
The event was organised by dairy farmer and life-long friend to Brett, Ian McGregor.
Mr McGregor said there was no way they would have let them do it on their own.
"He's done a lot for the community and the kids and their involvement in the junior footy," they said.
"This was an opportunity to repay them in a way, I guess."
They said the news took everyone by surprise, especially considering Brett's age.
"Out of all our kindy class, Brett's the fit one out there coaching the kids," they said.
"So it's a real shock for sure."
Topics: rural, prostate-cancer, acton-park-6280, wa
First posted
Wayne Coyne at Oklahoma City's Flaming Lips Alley.
Twenty years ago, Oprah Winfrey asked Prince — who seemed as if they might have hailed from a different planet entirely — why, “of all places,” they chose to live in Minneapolis, where they were born. “I will always live in Minneapolis,” they said. “It's so cold it keeps the bad people out.” They could have kept the whole world out if they wanted to, staying behind the gate at their suburban home base, Paisley Park; instead, Prince had a way of popping up around the city, at a record store or a jazz club. They were inclined to invite regular Minneapolitans to shows in their garage if they waited long enough outside the gate. Their last party at Paisley Park (admission $10) was only five days before their death. In plenty of other places around the country, artists hold the keys to their cities, much like Prince did. They're not just mingling with the hoi polloi at the local coffee shop; they're actually civic boosters — whether it's Hanson bringing in thousands of people with their fan weekend in Tulsa or George R.R. Martin helping a random group of guys in Santa Fe turn a bowling alley into an art space.
Oklahoma City
Everyone Here Has Had Their Photo Taken With Wayne Coyne
“It used to be that [the Flaming Lips'] Wayne Coyne would be walking around in their three-piece suits and their crazy hair, and most Oklahoma Citians might just think, Oh, isn't that a colorful character? What changed — and I take some credit for this — is in about 2006, I was 26, and I had just become chief of staff to the mayor, and I thought, We gotta do something to embrace Wayne Coyne! He's accomplished, and they live in Oklahoma City! I am a Republican senator, but I am also an almost-millennial, and I have a high tolerance for all the things that make life interesting. So I found this alleyway in Bricktown, and I thought, Why don't we name this Flaming Lips Alley? I thought people might think an alleyway — rather than a street — was cool. It was actually a complicated process — everyone in the government was like, ‘Who are the Flaming Lips?' There were a lot of politics, but the mayor ended up saying yes. The Lips put on a grand showdown there for the dedication. Wayne cursed. That changed everything for them locally. Soon afterward, they were part of an ad campaign for our gas-and-utility company. Everyone was posting Facebook pictures whenever they'd run into Wayne. It became a running gag: ‘You're the last person in Oklahoma City not to have your picture taken with Wayne Coyne.' ” —David Holt, state senator
Where to Find Wayne
The singer, who's lived in OKC for 55 years, on their haunts.
Illustration: Jason Lee
1. Blue Note Lounge (2408 N. Robinson Ave.): “The first place that ever allowed the Flaming Lips to play. I think we're gonna do a 60-years-in-the-same-place anniversary show there.”
2. Saints Pub (1715 NW 16th St.): “A bar we can walk to from my house, get fairly fucked up, and then walk back.”
3. Womb Gallery (25 NW 9th St.): “It was a dilapidated car dealership that someone turned into a gallery, and we got the idea it could be partially a gallery and partially a Flaming Lips warehouse, which it now is.”
4. Bad Granny's Bazaar (1759 NW 16th St.): “This thrift store has been in this little corner of the Plaza District a long time. Even just four, five years ago, you could literally buy crack in that area; it was devastated.”
5. Lowe's (3801 N. May Ave.): “I go to Lowe's a lot! Recently I've been there five times a day to get ready for the tornadoes.”
6. Tana Thai (10700 N. May Ave.): “We have the best fuckin' Thai restaurants in the world here.”
7. Chesapeake Energy Arena (100 W. Reno Ave.): “I just saw Bruce Springsteen; we got to talk with Bruce afterward. That's one of the great perks of being here — there's no one else he'd know! Robert Plant came, it was the same way.”
Minneapolis
“I Showed Up One Night at Prince's House and They Let Me In”
Prince.
“When I was in high school, there was this urban legend that if you hung out outside Paisley Park after Prince had done a show in town, when they got back he'd open the doors and let kids in to just hang out and maybe watch them play. The older kids would tell the younger kids; it was Minnesota lore. My friends and I were bored one night and we were like, Let's just try that. We knew he'd played a show in town that night, so we chilled and waited, and finally this caravan of cars comes up, goes through the gate. They saw us and just kind of disappeared. Then some bodyguard dude comes out and is like, ‘Y'all been waiting a while? Come right in.' It must have been ten of us. It's this weird-looking compound, like some '60s Soviet-bloc factory, so we went in and they brought us into this huge garage — it felt airplane-hangar-sized, and we just sat there and waited. No one was drinking or partying, just a bunch of people hanging, couches everywhere. After about 30 minutes Prince just came out and played. They were clearly just messing around. It wasn't a performance, it was like they were just practicing. We were these giggly teenagers in the corner. They didn't really acknowledge us, but the urban legend definitely proved true.” —Caitlin McNally, journalist
Red Hook
“I See Dustin Yellin Everywhere”
An anonymous Red Hook resident on the artist behind the creative space Pioneer Works.
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
“What Dustin's done with Pioneer Works is obviously neighborhood-changing. Basically, their door is always open — it's not like a regular PS1 thing with snooty curators, it's a complete open-door policy, dogs and kids running around outside. I think because he's been like that, he's definitely been embraced by the neighborhood. And even when they have their big benefit, they could just lock the door, but they don't. They love to be in the mix and around people in that very Warholian ‘This is my Factory' kind of way. Five days out of the week I see him, for sure. Sometimes it's at the coffee shop, sometimes it's at a lunch place. I've seen them in Fort Defiance in the mornings. He's very unassuming; they look like any other 40-year-old hipster in jeans with a pretty girlfriend.”
Tulsa
Last Year, Hanson Brought 30,000 Fans to the City
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
“Everyone here knows who Hanson is. Their studio is smack-dab in the middle of downtown, so you can always see them around there. Isaac will get coffee at Joebot's. I saw Zac and their wife walking down the street the other day. I run into their dad at the diner all the time. They have this fan weekend every year, Hanson Day, that brings a ton of people here. The town is on fire. Everyone that owns a business, they plan months in advance for it. The restaurants are packed, the hotels are booked, and for a small business it has a huge impact. Once, at a random concert here, I was able to go backstage, and I found myself sitting across from Isaac Hanson and listening to them talk about getting restless-leg syndrome while on an airplane. I had to pinch myself!” —Mary Beth Babcock, owner of Dwelling Spaces boutique
Santa Fe
“I Bought a Bowling Alley With George R.R. Martin”
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
“George just lives here like any other Santa Fean. He's out and about; he'll be at the movie theater they own, the Jean Cocteau, or at Dragonstone Studios, the artists' studios they bought. My business partner Vince had worked with George at Jean Cocteau, and when we found this bowling alley and wanted to turn it into a space for our art collective, we were like, ‘Oh, let's see if George wants to buy it with us.' So we emailed him, and George was like, ‘Yeah, that sounds cool.' Our space, which we opened in March, is called Meow Wolf, and we make this kind of sci-fi novels you can walk inside of, and George was psyched about that. ” —Sean Di Ianni, chief operating officer, Meow Wolf
“And I'm in a Sci-Fi Writers' Group With George R.R. Martin”
“I was at a science-fiction convention in 2001 and ended up at a table with George. I told them I lived in Santa Fe, and they said, ‘So, you could join our writers' group if you want.' It happens at different people's houses. For a while, George and I were carpool-mates. For the first month, George just said, ‘Well, I'll drive you.' Then their car was in the shop, so I drove them for several months. There was a time when he'd come to us with part of their novels, and we'd have things to say about the plot structure, but once he's really into it, they need to live their way through to the end of the story, and we'll just annoy him. I'll see them at their theater, the Jean Cocteau. It's quite typical to just see them pop in, and their car is pretty recognizable: It's a bright-purple Tesla, a custom paint job. They have a GRRM vanity plate.” —E. M. Tippetts, author
Austin
Here, Richard Linklater Is Just Another Zhlub-Around-Town
Despite the fact that he's one of the city's most important cultural figures.
Richard Linklater. Photo: LeAnn Mueller/This content is subject to copyright.
“Rick's usually wearing a Criterion Collection T-shirt and shorts. Many a time, I've seen our interns at the Austin Film Society get into a conversation with them about film, and it's an epic experience for them, but it's really just typical Rick.” —Rebecca Campbell, executive director of the Austin Film Society
Eeven at film premieres, they usually look like they just got out of bed. The specter of Rick looms large over the arts community here. He's just around and he's accessible — they have this longtime assistant, Kirsten, and if you go through her, they will always call.” —Evan Smith, CEO of the Texas Tribune
“He lives a few blocks from us in Hyde Park, in a modest house. Every Halloween they co-host a yard party. He'll bring out their pet pig. I think of them as Rick, this guy in the neighborhood, but then I'll see them on TV and it's like, ‘Oh, it's Richard Linklater!' ” —Rodney Gibbs, digital strategist
Dallas
Where Erykah Badu Might Show Up to Your Birthday Party
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
“It's cool because Erykah really reps Dallas — a lot of people have left, but she's stayed and is always going to gigs, art shows, things like that. It was my homie Picnic's birthday, and we did a little party on a Thursday at Beauty Bar. It wasn't even ten yet, and Erykah just popped in. It was one of those moments where you just do a double take. Some random weirdos were just talking to her, this older crowd who were having a drink at the bar. I think they had a flower in their hair; they might have put it in this dude's hair next to her.” —Will Rhoten, a.k.a. DJ Sober
And in the very small town of St. Johnsbury, Vermont
“Neko Case Is My Landlord”
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
“Dylan's, the café I own, used to be down the street from here, and this redhead started coming in every day. One time they said, ‘Hey, you wanna buy non-GMO tomatoes?' And I did. I just thought they played guitars in cafés and was a farmer growing tomatoes. Then one day my daughter comes up with their iPhone and shows me a picture of Neko and says, ‘It's about time I told you, Mom.' Five years back, they bought this old Art Deco–y post office because they heard it was being turned into a parking lot. They brought me up there and said, ‘Wouldn't it be cool to turn part of this into a restaurant?' We've been here five years now. Behind one wall in this building, there's an old movie theater that Neko's turned into a rehearsal space. One time their band was practicing in the studio, and we were serving lunch, and they kept coming out: ‘Am I bothering people?' We were like, ‘That song sounds good!' They come in with their dogs. Liza passed away a few months ago, everyone knew Liza, and now they have another rescue, Joanie. They sit down, and Joanie has some turkey, and Neko has a sandwich.” —Erin Papin, owner of Dylan's Café
New Orleans
Where to Find Kermit Ruffins Any Day of the Week
Photo: Murphy Lippincott
The trumpeter and singer appeared as themselves on HBO's Treme, but he's been a beloved local character for far longer: They grew up in the Ninth Ward, had a speakeasy in Tremé until recently, and still lives there, on top of their new club, Kermit's Tremé Mother-in-Law Lounge — where they barbecue almost every day.
Monday
“Almost every Monday, I wake up and cook six pounds of ribs, which we serve in the yard of my bar. I also love to cook turtle in a nice red gravy. The other day I cooked raccoon with lots of sweet potatoes. Every day we give out free lunch and cold beer.”
Tuesday
“At around eight, I head to the Prime Example, a mom-and-pop spot with some of the best jazz in the city, where my uncle Percy Williams, who taught me to play trumpet, plays with Irma Thomas.”
Wednesday
“Every Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night I'll go see Jeremy Davenport at the Ritz-Carlton.”
Thursday
“At six, I'm playing at Bullet's. Then I'll go to the Prime Example or to see Nayo Jones at the Carousel Bar at the Hotel Monteleone — the crowd there on Saturdays is mostly tourists; on Thursdays it's locals.”
Friday
“We have free crawfish every Friday at my bar, and then at seven, I'm playing at the Blue Nile.”
Saturday
“I have pop-up concerts almost every Saturday at the bar, and then I play at the Little Gem Saloon at seven.”
Sunday
“We always have a big show at my bar on Sundays with DJ Sugar Ray.”
*This article appears in the May 16, 2016 issue of New York Magazine.
Book Review: Rough Ride
Paul Kimmage's book “Rough Ride” has been seen as The Doping Book, the text that exposed the use of banned substances in pro cycling when it was published 1990 but it's much more than this. In the light of recent events I wanted to go back and read the book again.
For most of the book doping seems incidental and the consequence of a rotten system, a response to the environment riders find themselves in. This is much more the tale of a rider struggling to find their place in the sport. The times have changed and some practices in the book are unrecognisable today but many holds true and it is a good read because it offers a tale from the back of the peloton that's distant from the podium, the prizes and glory.
“The justification for the writing of this book was that it would tell of the unglamorous life of the “back room” boy. The account of the life of an unknown among many unknowns.”
The story starts the same as many other cycling biographies. The first bike, the first race, the promising amateur but things are never as easy for Kimmage and by the time he's an adult he's starting to see through the glory of the sport. Take the first time he's selected to ride for their country. Whilst this should be a moment of pride Kimmage gets a team jersey and finds it unwashed and the pockets contain food from the previous user. Before Kimmage can don the emerald green jersey they must first remove its rotten contents. If you want a metaphor for the whole book, there you go.
“To see them dirty, suffering and with that needle between their teeth turned my stomach.”
No, this is not an Irvine Welsh novel but the tale of the GP Plumelec ridden on a “wet and mucky day” as Kimmage and teammate André Chappuis are the last two riders at the rear of the race and Chappuis reaches for a syringe of amphetamines. But the tale isn't riddled with drugs and doping, it crops up as much as talk of contracts or selection for a big race.
Kimmage gives us the well worn tale of how first a rider starts on vitamin pills, moves to vitamin injections and then crosses to banned substances, whether amphetamines or hormones like testosterone or cortisone. Kimmage themselves accepts amphetamines for a post-Tour de France criterium, in part because of a lack of self-confidence, the fear of being dropped but also because he's desperate for the money. There's no illusion of winning the race, after all the results of these criteriums are fixed to please the crowd, something Kimmage exposes along with other things.
“We were up at six, for the longest stage of the race, 275 kilometres. But the race organiser, Vincente Torriani, got their sums wrong and the correct stage distance was 290 kilometres. After the stage we had an hour's drive to the hotel where there was no hot water for showering.”
This isn't unique. Ultimately the book is a tale of hardship, of spending years chasing a pro contract only to discover that a pro contract or elite racing licence isn't worth much: a licence to be dropped, flicked and underpaid.
“I shook my arms and fingers, blowing icy breath on them for warmth. The cold had gone into my bladder, giving me the urge to urinate. I was almost surprised at the steam rising from the yellow liquid flowing from my body. I placed my fingers in the hot springs and warmed them.”
The racing is hard but offers some certainty, if you are riding a stage of the Giro in a blizzard and your hands are cold then you can pee on them for warmth. It's not pretty but there's a solution. But there are other problems that can't be solved so easily and it's life around the racing that seems harder. Kimmage tells how riders had to wash their own kit after a stage for whilst mechanics service the bikes riders spend time in the evenings hand-washing their shorts and jersey in the basin of a hotel bathroom, scrubbing and ringing the kit with the hope that it would be dry by the morning. This has gone today as squads have washing machines built into the team bus but the haggling over contracts, the constant short termism and finding out your employers plans for the future in the newspaper rather than in private are still in evidence today. Similarly Kimmage criticises the points system whereby a loyal helper without points might be of value to a team leader but not to the team which is as true today as it was in 1989. However Kimmage is clear with one problem: the lack of controls in some races that mean many of their colleagues resort to amphetamines, not necessarily to win but to be competitive and at least to avoid the misery of being dropped.
The difference with today is that whilst Kimmage describes the hardship, the doping almost sounds quaint. Their peers are dabbling with the same chemical compounds used in discos or to treat an insect bite, albeit via a syringe instead of a pill or a cream and if it is allowing some to steal wins from others, Kimmage doesn't tell of the order being turned upside down by it. You wonder what he'd have written if they were a pro a decade or two later, with EPO and blood bags.
The language is simple, the brutal prose feels like Kimmage is too tired to offer florid descriptions of landscapes or their state of mind. But this is all part of the story, they visit Rome with the Giro but laments there's no chance to see the Coliseum or the Vatican instead the daily route of eating pasta and riding their bike awaits.
It's not all misery but you can count the highs on your fingers because like the Irish jersey or taking amphetamines, a high is often followed by a low. Kimmage's time coincides with the high point of Irish cycling and he's part of the four-man team in Austria when Stephen Roche wins the world championship to add to their Giro and Tour victories. After the book was published some accused them of cashing in on the connection, if they are, say Canadian or Australian, then they wouldn't have been so close to success, their name would have registered less. But that feels more like shooting the messenger, Kimmage's words disturbed people more than Kimmage himself.
Conclusion
A good book that I enjoyed re-reading and it reconnects you to Kimmage the racer rather than the journalist or the terrier-like critic of the UCI. Published in 1990 the story is valid today because Rough Ride chronicles the tale of a struggling rider and if the technology has changed, the anxiety has not. Most sporting autobiographies cover the champions but here is the tale of a water-carrier. Bookshelves carry more writing from the few who win races than the thousands who never win much. We love winners but have plenty to learn from the losers as Kimmage's book shows.
The difference from other losers who have short and inglorious careers is that Kimmage is often the observer and at times the outsider. Even their teammates call them le journaliste, he's able to note things and concludes the book with analysis. Other books cover doping in greater detail, like The Secret Race or The Death of Marco Pantani. This is more a look at a bad system where bad choices are the result.
Finally if this is the story of Kimmage's life as a professional cyclist perhaps the book will be updated one day to cover their career as a journalist and crusader against doping. But that story isn't finished.
A list of previous book reviews is available here.
Could the USMNT be lining up a spot for Pep Guardiola to take over as manager?
Grant Wahl, Sports Illustrated writer and well-connected American soccer journalist, dropped the bomb on Fox earlier today, stating that Sunil Gulati, president of the US Soccer Federation, is lying the groundwork to bring in Guardiola in the future.
Wahl just said Gulati is laying the groundwork to bring Pep Guardiola on as a USMNT coach down the line. — Will Parchman (@WillParchman) November 5, 2014
For an country trying desperately to establish themselves as a footballing country, this would go a long way in legitimizing themselves. Guardiola is arguably the best manager in the world right now.
Current manager of Bayern Munich, Guardiola has also managed Barcelona, winning the treble in 2009 (La Liga, Champions League, and Copa Del Rey). In fact, they won six of six possible trophies that season, winning the Spanish Supercup, European Supercup, and and FIFA Club World Cup as well.
With Bayern, Pep won the Bundesliga in record-breaking fashion last season, securing the league title sooner than any team before him. They also managed a victory in the German domestic cup and has Bayern positioned as one of Europe's best clubs again this year.
However, Guardiola does not have any experience with a national side. The questions of the tiki-taka tactics they have employed have seen their demise in recent years, notably with the Spanish national team falling on hard times while employing the system. Even more, tiki-taka requires lots of short passes with the ability to read the defense and world-class players, which America does not have many of.
It appears that the move would be in the future, however. Jurgen Klinnsman's contract was extended through the 2018 World Cup, and it's very hard to see that contract being bought out or terminated in any manner, considering Klinnsman has done nothing to lose the position.
Nonetheless, this would be a groundbreaking move for both the USA and Guardiola. Do you think it'd be a good move for both sides? Let us know below!
Scott McDonald and Lee Erwin score first-half goals
Josh Magennis pulls one back for Kilmarnock
Lionel Ainsworth adds late third for hosts
Result relegates St Mirren
Motherwell enhanced their hopes of avoiding the play-offs and also confirmed St Mirren's relegation to the Scottish Championship.
Lee Erwin played a key role in the first half, the 21-year-old striker scoring after being involved in Scott McDonald's opener.
Kilmarnock's Josh Magennis got a goal back, but Lionel Ainsworth's late strike secured the points.
It moves Motherwell to within three points of Kilmarnock and Ross County.
Anything less than three points was unthinkable for Ian Baraclough's Motherwell men after they could only draw with County last week, but it was Kilmarnock who looked the more threatening in the early stages with Paul Cairney and Magennis both forcing saves from goalkeeper George Long.
Going forward, though, Motherwell have begun to look more like the top-six team fans had been accustomed to seeing over the past few seasons, and they opened the scoring with some delightful football.
Erwin beat two players, moved the ball onto their left foot, and shot through the legs of Manuel Pascali. Craig Samson did well to make the save, but McDonald followed up to knock the loose ball into the net.
The visitors tried to respond and after Magennis' deflected shot led to a series of corners, Lee Ashcroft headed wide from inside the six-yard box.
Erwin was involved again for the second goal, and this time they added the finish too, reaching Steven Hammell's long ball before cutting inside Ashcroft and firing beyond Samson.
The home side grew in confidence and Marvin Johnson had a low drive saved before McDonald threatened again with a back-post header.
Kilmarnock needed something different, and Gary Locke made two changes at the break; bringing on Tope Obadeyi and Greg Kiltie for Rory McKenzie and Sammy Clingan, and within minutes they had got a goal back.
Josh Magennis pulled one back for Kilmarnock
Magennis profited from close range as Motherwell struggled to clear, the Northern Irishman tapping the ball over the line.
The nature of the game did not change Conor Grant stung the fingertips of Samson when given space on the right.
There was plenty of endeavours from both sides but neither goalkeeper was being too troubled, with the final ball not up to par.
McDonald fizzed a free-kick wide of the left-hand post as time ticked away, but when the Australian was unselfish when given a sight of goal minutes later it was 3-1. Ainsworth collected the ball on the right hand side of the box and fired inside the near post.
Jamie Hamill and McDonald both had efforts blocked at either end in time added on but neither could add to the scoring, and now ex-Hearts manager Locke could face the nightmare prospect of suffering relegation two years in a row.
The authorities in Tripoli do not yet command an effective army or police force, and members of the recently elected Parliament have acknowledged with frustration that their government's limited power has shackled their ability to pursue the attackers.
The government typically relies on self-formed local militias to act as law enforcement, and the Benghazi-area militias appear reluctant to enter a potentially bloody fight against another local group, like Ansar al-Shariah, to track down Mr. Abu Khattala.
Asked last week about Mr. Abu Khattala's role, an American official involved in a separate United States investigation declined to comment on any particular suspects, but they indicated that the United States was tracking Mr. Abu Khattala and cautioned that the leadership of the attack might have been broader than a single man.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Ansar al-Shariah is not only a shadowy group, it's also quite factionalized,” the official said. “There isn't necessarily one overall military commander of the group.”
It was not immediately clear if that assessment might have changed with new information from Libyan witnesses. The New York Times reported Tuesday that Mr. Abu Khattala was a leader of the brigade, but withheld accounts of their specific role in the attack to protect witnesses. On Wednesday, The Wall Street Journal reported that three witnesses had seen them during the Sept. 11 attack on the mission and that the Libyan authorities were focused on their role.
The Journal reported that Mr. Abu Khattala had been seen at large in the Leithi neighborhood of Benghazi, known for a high concentration of Islamists. But their exact whereabouts is unclear. Libyan border security is loose, so it is possible that they will flee or has already left the country.
Mr. Abu Khattala was a member of the Islamist opposition under Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi and was imprisoned in their notorious Abu Salim prison. Unlike most of the other Islamist prisoners, however, Mr. Abu Khattala never renounced violence as a means for seeking political change. They were let out of prison only last year, along with a batch of other political prisoners released in a futile bid by the government to appease the nascent uprising.
Mr. Abu Khattala fought Colonel Qaddafi along with the rest of the Libyan opposition and the current leaders of the big militias in eastern Libya. But as those groups lined up behind the transitional government and the democratic process, Mr. Abu Khattala and a small core of like-minded Islamists formed Ansar al-Shariah, which now includes 100 to 200 fighters. Its name means “supporters of Islamic law,” and it opposes electoral democracy as a substitute.
It has staged displays of armed might intend to deter Western-style secular liberals whom it suspects of moving to liberalize Libya, where alcohol is currently banned, polygamy is legal and a vast majority of women wear an Islamic head covering.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Ansar al-Shariah also guarded a local hospital and engaged in preaching and charitable work, before popular anger at the group for its role in the mission attack forced it to scatter and hide out of sight.
This is an incident from 2002, but we just saw it, so here it is.
A police officer who was preparing to have an MRI scan performed found themselves disarmed and their gun in the possession of the MRI machine, which fired it.
Here is the full explanation from a paper written on the incident in the American Journal of Roentgenology:
An off-duty police officer went to an outpatient imaging center (not affiliated with our institution) in western New York State to have an MR imaging examination. The facility housed a 1.5-T MR unit (Signa; General Electric Medical Systems, Milwaukee, WI) with active shielding. The officer was carrying a model 1991 A-1 compact.45 caliber semiautomatic pistol (Colt's Manufacturing, Hartford, CT). The officer notified the technologist that they were carrying the weapon before entering the MR dressing room. The technologist told the officer to take the gun with him. The technologist intended to meet the officer in the MR patient waiting area before the examination and secure the weapon in that room, where they felt it would be safe. However, the officer apparently misunderstood and took the gun into the MR suite. The technologist was entering the officer's personal data into the computer and did not see them entering the MR suite. Once the officer was inside the MR suite, the gun was pulled from their hand as they attempted to place the gun on top of a cabinet 3 ft (0.9 m) away from the magnet bore. The gun was immediately pulled into the bore, where it struck the left side and spontaneously discharged a round into the wall of the room at the rear of the magnet. Fortunately, no one was injured. Although the gun struck the magnet bore, only minimal cosmetic damage occurred to the magnet itself. The MR unit had full functional capability immediately after the gun discharged. The weapon's thumb safety was reportedly engaged when the gun discharged. An unsuccessful attempt to remove the gun from the magnet resulted in the gun being pulled to the right side of the magnet (Fig. 1). The decision was then made to power down the magnet to remove the gun.
If you're wondering how this could happen, maybe this video of some folks playing around an MRI machine that is being decommissioned can shed some light on it. Guns are generally made to be drop proof, but they aren't made to withstand the forces exerted by a powerful electromagnet.
h/t Bearing Arms
If you've ever seen the album art for Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here, you've probably come to understand why the band is as well known for their album covers as they are for their music. The artwork portrays two men in business suits, one of them on fire, shaking hands. This image is meant to represent the fear of “getting burned”. Simple enough. So what's so crazy about this album art? Well, that man on the cover you see on fire… they were LITERALLY on fire!
During the photo shoot for the album, two stuntmen were dressed in business suits. One of them however, was wearing a fire-retardant suit underneath and a fireproof wig. The first time they tried to set them on fire for the handshake, the wind was blowing in the wrong direction, and their mustache was burned right off of their face. They then switched sides and were able to get the picture. After it was shot, they simply reversed the photo, putting the man on fire back on the right side.
WASHINGTON — The classified intelligence that President Donald Trump disclosed in a meeting last week with Russian officials at the White House was provided by Israel, according to a current and a former U.S. official familiar with how the United States obtained the information. The revelation adds a potential diplomatic complication to the episode.
Israel is one of the United States' most important allies and a major intelligence collector in the Middle East. The revelation that Trump boasted about some of Israel's most sensitive information to the Russians could damage the relationship between the two countries. It also raises the possibility that the information could be passed to Iran, Russia's close ally and Israel's main threat in the Middle East.
Israeli officials would not confirm that they were the source of the information that Trump shared. In a statement emailed to The New York Times, Ron Dermer, Israeli ambassador to the United States, reaffirmed that the two countries would maintain a close counterterrorism relationship.
“Israel has full confidence in our intelligence-sharing relationship with the United States and looks forward to deepening that relationship in the years ahead under President Trump,” Dermer said.
In the meeting with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister, Trump disclosed intelligence about an ISIL terrorist plot. At least some of the details that the United States has about the plot came from the Israelis, the officials said.
The officials, who were not authorized to discuss the matter and spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that Israel previously had urged the United States to be careful about the handling of the intelligence that Trump discussed.
Trump said Tuesday on Twitter that they had an “absolute right” to share information in the interest of fighting terrorism and called it a “very, very successful meeting” in a brief appearance later Tuesday at the White House alongside Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster,Trump's national security adviser, told reporters that they were not concerned that information sharing among intelligence partners would stop.
“What the president discussed with the foreign minister was wholly appropriate to that conversation and is consistent with the routine sharing of information between the president and any leaders with whom he's engaged,” McMaster said at a White House briefing, seeking to play down the sensitivity of the information Trump disclosed.
McMaster added that the president, who they said was unaware of the source of the information, made a spur-of-the-moment decision to tell the Russians what they knew.
But McMaster also appeared to acknowledge that Thomas P. Bossert, assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism, had called the CIA and the National Security Agency after the meeting with the Russian officials. Other officials have said that the spy agencies were contacted to help contain the damage from the leak to the Russians.
McMaster would not confirm that Bossert made the calls but suggested that if they did, they were acting “maybe from an overabundance of caution.”
“I have not talked to Mr. Bossert about that, about why they reached out,” McMaster said.
Former officials said it was not uncommon for presidents to unintentionally say too much in meetings and said that in administrations from both parties, staff members typically established bright lines for their bosses to avoid crossing before such meetings.
Israel's concerns about the Trump White House's handling of classified information were foreshadowed in the Israeli news media earlier this year. Newspapers there reported in January that U.S. officials warned their Israeli counterparts to be careful about what they told the Trump administration because it could be leaked to the Russians, given Trump's openness toward President Vladimir Putin.
The Russians have the widest intelligence collection mechanism in the world outside of our own. They can put together a good picture with just a few details
“The Russians have the widest intelligence collection mechanism in the world outside of our own. They can put together a good picture with just a few details,” said John Sipher, a 28-year veteran of the CIA who served in Moscow in the 1990s and later ran the CIA's Russia program for three years. “They can marry President Trump's comments with their own intelligence, and intelligence from their allies. They can also deploy additional resources to find out details.”
The episode could have far-reaching consequences, Democrats warned. Any country that shares intelligence with U.S. officials “could decide it can't trust the United States with information, or worse, that it can't trust the president of the United States with information,” said Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.
“I have to hope that someone will counsel the president about just what it means to protect closely held information and why this is so dangerous, ultimately, to our national security,” Schiff said at a policy conference in Washington sponsored by the Center for American Progress, a liberal group.
Eric Schmitt contributed reporting from Tampa, Fla.
Here's an odd thing. Having experienced such cold weather on holiday in July, I went to take a look at the Met Office maps and graphs, and the UK mean temperature map for July 2015 was a bit of a surprise – it was quite rosy and warm-looking.
The map of anomalies, however, told a different story: That was more like what I was remembering – colder than normal in most of the country. I suppose most people would forget it and move on. Having checked other months there was a similar picture and I got to thinking about the choice of (actual) temperature range for each of the colour bins.
According to the Met Office summary for July,
“The provisional UK mean temperature was 14.4 °C, which is 0.7 °C below the 1981-2010 long-term average.”
The coldest temperatures in Scotland on the map used the second coldest blue colour bin, the warmest around London used the second warmest red one, but the average temperature falls in the light pink colour for the range 14-16 °C. Would it not have been more honest to use the white colour for the average temperature? The entire country's temperatures could still have been represented without presenting an overly rosy map.
But this is only one month. Let's look at a few more. Is there a clear rationale in how actual temperatures are represented by specific colours on the maps, or is there a bias towards an overly rosy picture?
For August (UK average just below 15°C – light pink bin) actual temperatures are represented by an over dominance of pinks, suggesting warmer temperatures when the anomaly maps tell different story.
For earlier in the year, looking at actual temperatures, you'd be forgiven for thinking January 2015 (UK average just below 4°C – light pink bin) was very warm in Britain, when actually, from the anomaly maps, it was just average.
Conversely May 2015 (UK average just over 9.5°C – light pink bin) looks very warm, when it was much colder than average.
But then these two types of maps are meant to tell a different story. One end of the country is generally warmer than the other and the upland regions in Scotland will always be cold, but how much of the map should be pink or blue, and does it matter? For anomaly maps, the colour bins are standard covering a narrow one degree range, but for actual temperature, the bins are broader covering a two degree range. Still the choice of which bin colour represents the dominant map colour will bias the map. Is there any logic that would explain the choice?
While I think of it – is it not just a little absurd to have dark blue and dark red representing <-6°C and >8°C respectively in January, but <+6°C and >20°C in July. Green and yellow are used successfully on other temperature scales to represent intermediate colours.
“But we've always done it that way”
The maps go back to 2001 and, generally, looking at average months, warm months, and those that are colder than normal, the average temperature seems to be represented by that rosy light pink colour. The maps and the bins representing each temperature category tend not to change. That means in a really warm month – the average temperature will jump to the dark pink bin and – yes – the map will be screaming red.
Jan 2007 – average UK temperature was just over 6°C – colour bin: dark pink (normal January UK temperature just over 3.5°C)
March 2012 – average UK temperature was just under 8°C – colour bin: dark pink (normal March UK temperature just under 5.5°C)
What about a few really cold ones – remember December 2009 and December 2010?
Dec 2009 – average UK temperature was just over 2°C – colour bin: white (normal December UK temperature just below 4°C)
Jan 2010 – average UK temperature was just under 1°C – colour bin: white (normal January UK temperature just over 3.5°C)
Dec 2010 – average UK temperature was just less than -1°C – colour bin: light-mid blue – a ‘coldest on record' month.
Hehe. These months sure shook things up a bit, actually forcing the use of white as the bin colour for representation of the average temperature. And that is the point – looking at the maps, way back to 2001, generally the map and the colour bins don't change and the most frequent colour used for ‘average' is light pink.
I blame that Met Office obsession with climate change.
Advertisements
Last week, the California Energy Commission approved a groundbreaking series of efficiency standards for televisions, the first time government at any level in the United States has meddled in the details of how our boob tubes are made. The new rules set maximum power-consumption standards for TVs of up to 58 inches, starting in 2011 and becoming considerably tighter in 2013, and prohibit California retailers from selling sets that break the rules. Only a quarter of all televisions currently on the market would comply with the new regulations. High-definition television sets, plasma TVs, larger sets, and TVs with extra options, such as picture-in-picture, are most likely to fall short. In other words, regulators have effectively chosen to ban the sale of most large-screen televisions in the Golden State. Of course, that's not how the regulators describe it; they bill their decision as a measure to save consumers money, preclude the need for new power plants, and fight global warming. Upon examination, however, those rationales for nanny statism seem awfully flimsy.
Start with the notion of the big-screen ban as a consumer-protection measure. “It looks like a very good deal for society,” says commissioner Arthur Rosenfeld. By the commission's estimates, consumers will save anywhere from $18 to $30 per year in electricity costs as a result of the new rules. If every one of the state's 35 million TVs were replaced with a more efficient set, say proponents, the measure would save more than $8 billion over ten years. Says a commission spokesperson: “I don't know anyone who doesn't like to save money.”
True enough, but the supposed savings are small beer. Individually, saving $18 to $30 annually is laughable—that translates to less than $3 per month. And the $8 billion figure doesn't mean much: it's simply the result of multiplying those tiny individual savings by ten years and a lot of California residents. By and large, consumers understand that bigger TVs mean slightly higher power bills and are happy to make that trade-off. Brisk sales of big-screen TVs show that they don't mind paying the marginal increase in electricity prices in exchange for the pleasure derived from a bigger television. A few extra bucks per month to enjoy a superior viewing experience—many people would call that a bargain.
The new regulations apply only to television sets sold after the 2011 and 2013 deadlines. That's a slight bit of good news. Consumers won't be forced to turn in their supposedly profligate big-screen TVs if those sets are purchased before the new regulations go into effect. Moreover, the new rules will not prevent them from using noncomplying televisions if they were purchased in other states, though regulators are threatening to stop Californians from buying such TVs from online retailers.
The commission also claims that efficiency standards will allow California to forego building additional power plants. But more power plants are exactly what California—and the rest of the country—needs. The New York Times noted recently that “Americans now have about 25 consumer electronic products in every household, compared with just three in 1980.” The International Energy Agency (IEA) calculates that electrical gadgets of all sorts account for about 15 percent of worldwide household electricity bills. More than that, the IEA figures that the energy consumed by these gadgets (as well as by the infrastructure that supports information technology) will double by 2020 and triple by 2030. Instead of ensuring that enough power plants get built to meet the demands of an increasingly electrified economy, California chooses to ration electricity.
Regulators' trump card in their decision to ban big-screen TVs is, naturally, global warming. Saving the planet from eco-catastrophe would seem to justify just about any government action, including overreaching into something so personal (and benign) as purchasing a television. The commission proudly claims that the new rules will curb greenhouse-gas emissions. What it fails to note is that the reduction in emissions would be so minuscule as to have a negligible impact on global temperatures. If California officials were serious about curbing emissions, they would reverse the state's ban on building new nuclear power plants. Until that happens, it's hard to see anything they do as more than green posturing.
The real problem with the big-screen televisions is that, like Hummers or McMansions, they offend the sensibilities of many in California's political class, to whom the notion of overconsumption is sinful. And it's tempting to write off the new rules as another example of goofiness peculiar to California, where policymakers' critical faculties have long been compromised by an overabundance of sun and perfect weather. But the move hints at the direction the federal government may soon take. California's senior senator, Dianne Feinstein, has urged the Obama administration to follow their state's lead and apply these regulations nationwide. Would anyone be terribly surprised if Washington decided to save us from our televisions?
This was my first Arbitrary Day, and my first gift exchange period. I went into it very cautiously, and I didn't know what to expect. When I first retrieved my santee, I shipped their gifts within the first hour of the exchange (according to the stats I was number #49 shipped!)
Then I waited a few hours, and I was retrieved. I was so happy! They cared enough to retrieve me on the first day, and I wasn't going to be shafted! This was going to be a fun and amazing experience.
Then I waited.
And waited.
And waited some more.
Something was up. After the initial retrieving, my santa never looked at me again. It took them almost 16 days to look at my info again. Now I know this was just to heighten the suspense and wonder of anonymity, but before this I honestly thought my santa took one look at my information and NOPE'd their way off of RedditGifts. No contact, no more retrieving, no PMs. Nada. If you see my posting history, I complain about this a few times on /r/SecretSanta.
As it is nearing the deadline, I honestly start to think that I've been shafted. After patiently and excitedly waiting for the mail every single day, hoping to see a glorious brown box, I start to lose hope. Just another loser who doesn't care about keeping promises.
AND THEN, TODAY, the mail comes. I get excited like always and race to the mailbox! Nothing. A bill and a Popular Science magazine. Ugh.
A few hours later (six, to be precise), I find an Amazon box next to the side of my house. That's right, the bloody side. I DON'T CHECK THE SIDE OF MY HOUSE, WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME. So it probably arrived sometime around when the bill and Popular Science magazine arrived, and I didn't notice because I was wallowing in disappointment yet again.
But now I have this box. This beautiful, gloriously shiny (not so shiny, actually, just normal) brown box. I open it. I make a joke "Ha ha, it's just bubble wrap." that everybody and their mother makes. I pull out the bubble wrap and what do I see? A GIANT BOTTLE OF HOT SAUCE. Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce to be precise. 1 lb, 12 oz. An almost TWO POUND bottle of hot sauce. This will last me for eternity, as I go through hot sauce slowly, but I sure do love it.
After I set the hot sauce aside, I find a book. I pull out the book, and it's "Building a PC: Third Edition" by Stuart Yarnold. This especially made me happy because right now I'm in the process of saving for a custom PC, and I actually have no idea how to build the thing.
Aside from that, just a small Amazon gift note saying: "Happy Arbitrary Day!" along with my santa's email. So I finally email him, and they haven't responded yet, so as of now I still don't know their Reddit name! They sure are a master of suspense (to my minor annoyance :P)!
EDIT: A few days afterwards I received a hilarious T-shirt (which all of my relatives liked!) and a sweet Doctor Who is a poster. Thanks a lot to BigGuyC for being an amazing santa!
(AllHipHop News) Kanye West is back at it. The Chicago rapper once again stopped a show during their "Saint Pablo Tour" to share their thoughts.
This time the audience at the SAP Center in San Jose found out Ye's true views on the 2016 election.
"If I had voted, I would have voted on Trump," said Kanye to a mixture of applause and boos.
Donald Trump's presidential campaign was met with heavy criticism over what was perceived as the use of xenophobic, sexist, and racist rhetoric.
According to Kanye, the African-American community should move past talking about issues involving racial discrimination.
"To black people, stop focusing on racism. This world is racist, okay. Let's stop being distracted to focus on that as much," stated Kanye.
Since Trump was elected, the number of hate crime incidents have risen significantly across the country.
The Southern Poverty Law Center reports there were 437 acts of hate between Election Day on November 8 and November 14.
Most of the victims have been people of color, Muslims, immigrants, the LGBT community, and women.
In addition, the Ku Klux Klan plans to host a parade in North Carolina next month to celebrate President-Elect Trump's victory.
Rocksteady has released a hefty 1.8 GB update for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions of Batman Arkham Knight. The 1.11 update offers minor fixes, new AR Challenge maps, and adds some new content.
Update 1.11 will also importantly introduce Batman vs Superman content from the upcoming movie. It also brings two new Arkham Episodes namely, Catwoman's Revenge, which lets you play as Catwoman, and Flip of a Coin, which lets you take control of Batman's side-kick Robin.
The 2016 Batman v Superman Batmobile pack launches today for people who own the $40 Arkham Knight DLC Pass. Everyone else can get their hands on it only after December 1 for free.
The update fixes a few bugs including the Knightfall glitch, which showed an objective marker on GCPD roof despite already triggering the Knightfall Protocol. It also allows Predator character switching. Two new AR Challenge maps: Shark Bait, and Jailbreak, are also among the contents of the update. More DLCs for the game are in line-up for December and January. The complete patch notes are given below:
Gameplay Robin can now Quickfire Explosive Gel with R2, R2, plus Special Combo version in the usual way.
Azrael now has Detective Mode and the Disruptor.
All three DLC characters now have Critical Strikes, FreeFlow Focus Mk II, Blade Dodge Takedown and armor upgrades.
Harley and Batgirl now have Aerial Juggle and Special Combo Boost (RH already had these).
Batgirl has a ton of new Special Combo moves: Multi Ground Takedown, Disarm and Destroy, Batarang, Explosive Gel and Batclaw. SC Batarang is glitched so that it only does the explosion a small amount of the time, though.
Batgirl also has Batclaw Super Slam and Batclaw Weapon Disarm. Bug fixes Suit damage glitch has been fixed – you can now swap away from and back to the v8.03 and still see damage in story mode
‘Knightfall glitch' has been fixed – you no longer get an objective marker for the GCPD roof despite already triggering the Knightfall Protocol New content
GCPD Lockdown AR Challenges: ‘Shark Bait', round-based combat in the dock building, and ‘Jailbreak', the GCPD predator environment
Predator character switch: select character on non-Dual Play predator maps, with unique objectives.
The game, developed by Rocksteady, is now available across PC, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4.
Got something we missed? Comment below.
Researchers diving off the coast of Georgia may have found the remains of an Atlantic gray whale, a relic of a population that was hunted to extinction by the 18th century.
But this particular specimen died long before whalers became a threat. Carbon dating showed that the fossil, a left jawbone, is about 36,000 years old.
The big bone was first discovered along with two badly eroded vertebrae near Gray's Reef National Marine Sanctuary about 20 miles (32 kilometers) off southeast Georgia in 2008. It took the researchers two years to pull out all of the pieces of the fossil, which was embedded in layers of shell and sand 70 feet (21 meters) below the surface. The jawbone was recovered in sections and measures 5 feet (1.5 m) in length.
The researchers say the bone is clearly from a baleen whale — or whales that use baleen plates in their mouths to filter meals of tiny organisms out of seawater — and looks very similar to that of the gray whale, Eschrichtius robustus. This species is only locally extinct. Gray whales can be found today in quite strong numbers, but only in the Pacific Ocean, and even these had once teetered on the brink of extinction during eras when the whaling industry reigned.
Scientists previously believed that the Atlantic gray whale had been a distinct species. But recent research has shown these vanished whales and the living ones in the Pacific are actually one in the same.
"The California grays looked exactly like the bones that were dug up in Scandinavia back in the 19th century," Ervan Garrison, a geoarchaeology professor at the University of Georgia, said in a statement, describing it as "one of the first instances where a living species was named based on the fossil evidence."
The new specimen's age of approximately 36,570 years old makes it one of the oldest fossil finds in the western Atlantic basin, the researchers say. And if the find indeed represents a Pleistocene-age gray whale, its oldest counterpart is a specimen found on the southern North Sea dating to 42,800 years ago.
The research was detailed online last month in the journal Paleontologica Electronica.
Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Related on LiveScience and MNN:
This story was originally written for Space.com and is republished with permission here. Copyright 2012 LiveScience , a TechMediaNetwork company.
Fossil of long-extinct whale found on seafloor
The remains belong to an Atlantic gray whale, a relic of a population that was hunted to extinction by the 18th century.
Though the United States government has wrapped Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy in the American flag, waving their words to symbolize racial harmony and patriotic solidarity even as institutionalized White supremacy remains embedded in policies detrimental to the very Black community they tirelessly strived to uplift, very little is spoken of the fact that a Memphis jury found the United States government guilty of conspiring to assassinate Dr. King on the balcony of the Lorraine Motel on April 4, 1968.
After four weeks of testimony and over 70 witnesses in a civil trial in Memphis, Tennessee, twelve jurors reached a swift unanimous verdict on December 8, 1999 that Dr. King was assassinated as a result of a conspiracy, the NY Times reported at the time.
The King family, who filed the civil suit, was awarded $100. They donated the minuscule amount to charity.
Loyd Jowers, owner of Jim's Grill, which was close to the Lorraine Motel, claimed that the shot which killed Dr. King was fired from behind their restaurant, and that local, state and federal U.S government agencies, and the Mafia, were all involved. James Earl Ray, who pleaded guilty to assassinating King, was renting a room above Jower's establishment and was allegedly an unwitting scapegoat.
The restaurant owner named Memphis Police Department Officer, Lt. Earl Clark as Dr. King's assassin, according to a press conference transcript. A claim that would later be called into question along with other shocking details.
According to the U.S. Justice Department, which painstakingly attempted to dismantle Jowers' claims and the mountain of evidence presented in the Memphis trial, Jowers insisted that “…a Memphis produce dealer, who was involved with the Mafia, gave [Jowers] $100,000 to hire an assassin and assured them that the police would not be at the scene of the shooting. Jowers also reported that they hired a hit man to shoot Dr. King from behind Jim's Grill and received the murder weapon prior to the killing from someone with a name sounding like Raoul. Jowers further maintained that [James Earl] Ray did not shoot Dr. King and that they did not believe Ray knowingly participated in the conspiracy.”
King's widow, Coretta Scott-King, expressed their gratitude to the jury and called on media to get the truth to the public:
There is abundant evidence of a major high level conspiracy in the assassination of my husband, Martin Luther King, Jr. And the civil court's unanimous verdict has validated our belief. I wholeheartedly applaud the verdict of the jury and I feel that justice has been well served in their deliberations. This verdict is not only a great victory for my family, but also a great victory for America. It is a great victory for truth itself. It is important to know that this was a SWIFT verdict, delivered after about an hour of jury deliberation. The jury was clearly convinced by the extensive evidence that was presented during the trial that, in addition to Mr. Jowers, the conspiracy of the Mafia, local, state and federal government agencies, were deeply involved in the assassination of my husband. The jury also affirmed overwhelming evidence that identified someone else, not James Earl Ray, as the shooter, and that Mr. Ray was set up to take the blame. I want to make it clear that my family has no interest in retribution. Instead, our sole concern has been that the full truth of the assassination has been revealed and adjudicated in a court of law. As we pursued this case, some wondered why we would spend the time and energy addressing such a painful part of the past. For both our family and the nation, the short answer is that we had to get involved because the system did not work. Those who are responsible for the assassination were not held to account for their involvement. This verdict, therefore, is a great victory for justice and truth. It has been a difficult and painful experience to revisit this tragedy, but we felt we had an obligation to do everything in our power to seek the truth. Not only for the peace of mind of our family but to also bring closure and healing to the nation. We have done what we can to reveal the truth, and we now urge you as members of the media, and we call upon elected officials, and other persons of influence to do what they can to share the revelation of this case to the widest possible audience.
Dr.King's son, Dexter Scott King, called their father's assassination “the most incredible cover-up of the century” and released the following statement regarding the verdict:
“We can say that because of the evidence and information obtained in Memphis we believe that this case is over. This is a period in the chapter. We constantly hear reports, which trouble me, that this verdict creates more questions than answers. That is totally false. Anyone who sat in on almost four weeks of testimony, with over seventy witnesses, credible witnesses I might add, from several judges to other very credible witnesses, would know that the truth is here.”
“The question now is, “What will you do with that?” We as a family have done our part. We have carried this mantle for as long as we can carry it. We know what happened. It is on public record. The transcripts will be available; we will make them available on the Web at some point. Any serious researcher who wants to know what happened can find out.”
King's other children, Martin Luther King III and Bernice King, also expressed relief at the verdict.
Author, political historian and theologian Jim Douglass said that the truth was in that Memphis courtroom in 1999, but barely anyone was there to meet it face-to-face:
I can hardly believe the fact that, apart from the courtroom participants, only Memphis TV reporter Wendell Stacy and I attended from beginning to end this historic three-and-one-half week trial. Because of journalistic neglect scarcely anyone else in this land of ours even knows what went on in it. After critical testimony was given in the trial's second week before an almost empty gallery, Barbara Reis, U.S. correspondent for the Lisbon daily Publico who was there several days, turned to me and said, “Everything in the U.S. is the trial of the century. O.J. Simpson's trial was the trial of the century. Clinton's trial was the trial of the century. But this is the trial of the century, and who's here?”
What I experienced in that courtroom ranged from inspiration at the courage of the Kings, their lawyer-investigator William F. Pepper, and the witnesses, to amazement at the government's carefully interwoven plot to kill Dr. King. The seriousness with which U.S. intelligence agencies planned the murder of Martin Luther King Jr. speaks eloquently of the threat Kingian nonviolence represented to the powers that be in the spring of 1968.
As previously stated, the Justice Department methodically countered every shred of evidence presented in the trial, and many people laugh it off as mere conspiracy theory, but Douglass insists that is not surprising at all:
Thirty-two years after Memphis, we know that the government that now honors Dr. King with a national holiday also killed him. As will once again become evident when the Justice Department releases the findings of its “limited re-investigation” into King's death, the government (as a footsoldier of corporate power) is continuing its cover-up – just as it continues to do in the closely related murders of John and Robert Kennedy and Malcolm X.
The intense irony in the U.S. Justice Department presenting a case to delegitimize a verdict reached in an American courtroom is not lost on anyone.
TRANSCRIPTS
View Full Trial Transcript
View Transcript of King Family Press Conference on the Verdict
SEE ALSO:
The Retweet: Stop Using MLK Quotes Against The Movement
5 Surprising Lines From MLK's “Mountaintop” Speech
With one game remaining, Peyton Manning has already set the new single-season record with 51 passing touchdowns (two months ago, I projected Manning to finish the season with 52 touchdowns ). But all records must be viewed in their environment, and NFL teams are averaging 1.58 touchdown passes per team game this year, the highest average since 1948. In 1984, the year Dan Marino threw 48 touchdowns, teams averaged 1.37 touchdown passes per game.
So which season is more impressive? That's a complicated question, and one that could be answered in many ways. In my view, the question boils down to which performance was more outstanding; in mathematical terms, we could define that as which season was farthest from the mean.
To make life a little simpler, I'm going to analyze this question on the team level, meaning we will compare “Denver 2013” to “Miami 1984.” Of course, this approach is preferable in many ways, since when we praise Manning we really mean “Manning with their offensive line and their coaching staff throwing to Demaryius Thomas, Wes Welker, Eric Decker, and Julius Thomas.” And “Marino in 1984” means “Marino and Mark Clayton and Mark Duper and Dwight Stephenson and Ed Newman.”
This season, the Broncos have 51 touchdown passes. The other 31 teams (through 15 games) are averaging 22.8 passing touchdowns, which means Denver is 28.2 touchdowns above average. The standard deviation of the 32 teams in passing touchdowns is 7.4; as a result, we can say that the Broncos are 3.84 standard deviations above average, also known as their Z-score.
In 1984, the other 27 teams (through 16 games) averaged 21.0 touchdowns, while the Dolphins threw 49 scores (Jim Jenson, a college quarterback who played receiver for Miami, threw a 35-yard touchdown to Duper against the Patriots off a Marino lateral). The standard deviation that season in touchdown passes at the team level was 7.5, which gives Miami a Z-score of 3.72 in 1984.
So the Broncos this season have been more extraordinary, at least by this measure. One nice thing about using the Z-score is we don't need to adjust for games played. I went ahead and calculated the Z-scores for every team since 1932. The current Broncos are #1, with the '84 Dolphins in second place. The third place team isn't the Tom Brady 2007 Patriots; that team is down at #7, because the standard deviation in passing touchdowns among the league's 32 teams was 8.8 that season. Instead, the third slot goes to the 1986 Dolphins. Few remember that Marino threw 44 touchdowns that season; add in Don Strock's two touchdowns, a lower league average and a smaller standard deviation, and those Dolphins get a Z-score of 3.70.
Let's look at the top 100 teams using this metric. The 2004 Colts ranked fifth (if you click on the cell in the team column, the link takes you to that team's PFR page) in Z-score. That year, Indianapolis threw 51 touchdowns, whiles the other 31 teams averaged 21.97 touchdown passes. That means Indianapolis was 29.03 touchdowns above average, the highest production above average to date. But that year, the standard deviation among the 32 teams in passing touchdowns was 8.53, giving the Colts a Z-score of “only” 3.41; that's why they're 5th, not first.
The 1987 49ers are an interesting group. Joe Montana led the league with 31 touchdown passes, although four of them came in a game against replacement players. Steve Young also chipped in with ten touchdown, and three other players each threw one touchdown. But the league's teams were tightly packed together that season, which is why the 44 touchdowns the team produced through the air sticks out as a huge outlier.
The Aaron Rodgers 2011 Packers got an assist from Matt Flynn in the season finale to get to 51 touchdowns, but only come in 11th place here because the standard deviation was pretty wide that year. You can type “gnb” in the search box to see all the Packers teams, or “sfo” to marvel at the number of Jerry Rice teams on the list.
Randy Moss deserves a lot of credit for the 2007 Patriots finishing as one of the greatest pass offenses ever. They deserve a lot of blame for the team atop the next table: the worst Z-scores with respect to passing touchdowns since 1932:
The 2006 Raiders were one of the worst passing teams in history, and their reward was the right to draft JaMarcus Russell. As always, the table is fully sortable and searchable. If you sort by year, you'll notice that the Geno Smith Jets barely crack the list, as does the version with a rookie Mark Sanchez from four years earlier. I'm not too surprised seeing the 2010 Panthers (which landed them Cam Newton) or the 2012 Chiefs on the list, either. If you type “cle” into the search box, you might be surprised to see only three Browns teams since 2000 on the list. I'll leave it to you guys to add your thoughts in the comments.
Special to Page 2
If you want to imbue a discussion with an air of gravitas, you start by identifying the main character by their full name: George Herman Ruth. Dwight David Eisenhower. Homer Jay Simpson.
So consider the case of one William Joseph Buckner, who almost two decades ago (the precise anniversary is Wednesday, Oct. 25) bent over to field a grounder hit by Mookie Wilson. We all know what happened after that -- you've seen the video a few jillion times, you've read about the scapegoating, and the subsequent reaction to the scapegoating. After 20 years of scrutiny under the electron microscope of modern media, the Buckner play has been dissected so thoroughly that you pretty well know everything about it.
Well, almost everything.
It's not often that a new chapter can be added to a story that's been told so many times, especially two decades down the road. But that's what Uni Watch has for you today -- a bona fide addition to the historical record of the most infamous error in World Series history, courtesy of a sharp-eyed photo editor and a 12-year-old kid, both of whom spotted what a generation of baseball historians had missed. And this new find goes a long way toward explaining what happened on the field that night at Shea Stadium.
The tale begins with ESPN.com photo czar Sean Hintz, who was recently cropping and sizing a photo for an article about the Buckner play's 20th anniversary. The best-known photos of the incident are probably this one and this one, but Hintz chose to use the following Associated Press photo, which ran with this story:
As you can see, it shows Billy Buck walking off the field after their historic miscue, and they have removed their first baseman's mitt from their right hand.
"I'd worked with that photo maybe half a dozen times in the past," Hintz says. "It's definitely one of my go-to shots for that play." This time, though, for whatever reason, Hintz noticed that Buckner was wearing a batting glove under their mitt. Nothing unusual about that -- lots of first basemen do it. But Hintz, perhaps influenced by having worked on too many Uni Watch columns, was curious about what was printed on the glove. So they zoomed in on it. Then they zoomed some more.
Take a look at what they found:
That's right: What Hintz spotted -- and what Uni Watch and countless other researchers had missed over the years -- was that Bill Buckner was wearing a Chicago Cubs batting glove under their first baseman's mitt. (And no, that's not a Photoshop job -- it's the real deal.)
The poor Red Sox. It's bad enough they were saddled with one curse; they didn't know they were actually fighting two of them. No wonder Buckner missed that ball. They never had a chance.
And it gets better. An examination of Buckner's at-bats from that game shows that they were wearing dark Franklin gloves while hitting. So apparently they went out of their way to wear the white Cubs-branded glove in the field.
Sharp-memoried fans will recall that Buckner had previously played for the Cubs, but they had been traded to the Red Sox in May 1984. Why would they still be wearing Cubs gear more than two years later? More importantly, why would they tempt fate by commingling baseball's two most famously star-crossed franchises? It's like being inside a house made of kerosene-soaked newspaper and then saying, "Hmmm, it's a little dark in here. Lemme just light this match "
Whatever the explanation, it's not going to come from Buckner, who is understandably weary of discussing the play. When approached by a Uni Watch intermediary, they declined to comment, saying, "I'm all '86ed out." But wait, Bill, we don't want to rehash every gory detail -- we just want to know about the batting glove! To which one William Joseph Buckner replied: "I didn't even realize I was wearing it." End of discussion.
Buckner, by all accounts, is a class act who deserves better than the role in which history has cast him. So it pains Uni Watch to say this, but their disavowal doesn't ring true. After a bit of additional photo research, Sean Hintz turned up this photo, which shows Buckner's Cubs-clad hand in 1985 game -- more than a year prior to the Mookie Wilson grounder:
Look how beat-up the glove looks, and then compare that to the World Series shot above. Looks like the same well-worn, loved-to-death gauntlet, no? Face it, you don't hold on to a glove like that over the course of two seasons unless it means something to you -- something special. Don't buy it? Then ask yourself this: Would Buckner really have gone out of their way to find more than one Cubs glove to wear while playing for the Sox?
The obvious conclusion: This was Bill Buckner's lucky glove. Not.
Whatever the glove's double-whammy properties, the most amazing thing about it is that it went unnoticed for 20 years. Uni Watch has approached a slew of researchers and historians over the past week, none of whom was aware of Buckner's double-cursed right hand. Uni Watch then queried the membership of the Society for American Baseball Research -- again, a big whiff. The enormity of the scoop was confirmed when Uni Watch consulted uniform designer Todd Radom, a passionate BoSox fan whose knowledge of historical logo-related arcana dwarfs Uni Watch's own. "I remember where I was when this happened (of course) but have never noted the Cubs detail," they responded. "Partners in misery indeed!"
Even Rusty Kennedy, the Associated Press photographer who took the photo, was unaware of what they had documented. "It's funny, the photo has been published so often, but I never noticed the batting glove," says Kennedy, who still works for the AP. "If it were shot today, it would be digital and you could blow it up and study it all different ways, but in those days it was pretty superficial, because you just looked at the print. I'll bet I would have noticed it given another 20 years, though."
As it turns out, the only other person who did notice the glove -- or at least the only one whose observation is part of the public record -- was 12-year-old Kevin Mahon, the son of Philadelphia Daily News sports reporter Tom Mahon. The evidence, turned up via a LexisNexis search, is in a very small item that the elder Mahon wrote in October 2003, the key passage of which reads as follows:
"While leafing through the book The Greatest Moments in Sports History, published by Sports Illustrated, Kevin Mahon (son of yours truly) noticed a picture showing Buckner -- a former Cub -- walking off the field after that fateful error during the 1986 World Series. On their right hand they are wearing a batting glove. And while the photo is not crystal clear, there appears to be a red-white-and-blue logo on the glove with four letters: C-U-B-S."
But Mahon's story was tiny and understated (a charge that will never be leveled at Uni Watch's treatment of the topic), had no accompanying photo, and was buried at the bottom of a hurriedly assembled column, so it was the journalistic equivalent of a tree falling in the forest with nobody around to hear it. "We got no response from it -- none," says Tom Mahon. "Anyway, Kevin's the one who put two and two together in terms of the double curse. I wouldn't even have thought of that."
Kevin Mahon, now 15, hadn't even been born when Mookie Wilson stepped into the batter's box back in 1986. But they were familiar with the Buckner play and understood its place in baseball history. "I remember seeing a TV show about it," they say. "And I thought, 'Wow, how could they miss that?'"
They answered their own question when they found that Greatest Moments in Sports History book at a flea market in October of 2003. The Boston and Chicago curses were both fresh in their mind, because Aaron Boone and Steve Bartman had just become household names. So when they saw the Cubs logo on Buckner's glove, everything clicked into place. They showed it to their dad, and that's how it ran, however sotto voce, in the Philly Daily News.
And just how did a 12-year-old manage to spot what everyone else had overlooked? "I don't know," says Kevin. "I get interested in things sometimes."
Spoken like a true uni watcher. Kevin Patrick Mahon -- welcome to the club.
Follow-Up Roundup
Turns out that last column's NHL season preview had a few omissions, so Uni Watch offers the following addenda:
• The Devils are wearing a 25th-anniversary patch (here's a closer look).
• The Panthers' nameplate typography, which had been vertically arched in years past, is now straight. (Uni Watch had mistakenly assumed that this change was just a preseason thing, but it has endured into the regular season.)
• All refs and linesmen must now wear black helmets, which means no more bare-headed action for Mick McGeough or Kerry Fraser.
• And here's a spectacularly esoteric tidbit, courtesy of Society for International Hockey Research member R. J. Pratt: "Guillaume Latendresse of the Canadiens is wearing No. 84. Big deal? Well, it's the first time in NHL history that it's happened during the regular season. (I'm sure it had been worn in exhibitions before by minors-bound players.) It was also the last number that had never been worn in NHL history. Everything else -- including 0 and 00 -- had been worn before. Jonathan Ferland of the Canadiens wore No. 86 last year, leaving only 84 as yet to be worn. Latendresse can now claim to be the greatest No. 84 in NHL history."
In other follow-up news, Uni Watch suggested last time around that the Sabres' instantly infamous Buffaslug logo appeared to owe an aesthetic debt to the Kent State Golden Flashes. But Patrick Ford points out that the real inspiration may have been the Lipscomb University Bisons.
And Uni Watch's mention of the rarity of players whose uni numbers were fractions prompted responses from Jennifer Muller and Keith Kreindler, both of whom pointed out that Robert Merrill often wore No. 1 1/2 when singing the National Anthem at Yankee Stadium.
Back next week with a special Uni Watch World Series edition. Until then, keep up with all things uni-related with the Uni Watch blog. And don't mix and match your curses.
Paul Lukas doesn't have a middle name, so they have to supply their own gravitas. Their Uni Watch blog, which is updated daily, is here, their answers to Frequently Asked Questions are here, and archives of their columns are available here, here and here. Got feedback for him, or want to be added to their mailing list so you'll always know when a new column has been posted? Contact them here.
(AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)
(CNSNews.com) - Under the spending deals cut by House Speaker John Boehner (R.-Ohio), the federal government's debt has climbed $3,968,445,855,460.28, according to debt numbers published by the U.S. Treasury.
That works out to an increase in the debt of $26,627.43 per each of the 149,036,000 people who, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, had a full- or part-time job in the United States as of August 2015.
When the first spending deal made by Speaker Boehner took effect on March 4, 2011, the total federal debt was $95,162.43 per the 149,036,000 workers who had jobs as of this August. It now equals $121,789.86 for each of those workers.
The $3,968,445,855,460.28 that the federal debt has increased under spending deals consummated by Boehner during their speakership is more debt than the federal government accumulated during the first 101 Congresses, which ran from 1789 into 1991. 49 House speakers presided over those first 101 Congresses.
The total debt of the federal government first surpassed $3,968,445,855,460.28 (the amount accumulated under Boehner's spending deals) in June 1992.
When Boehner became speaker on Jan. 6, 2011, the government was operating under a continuing resolution enacted in December 2010 by the outgoing Democrat-majority Congress. That CR expired on March 4, 2011. All federal appropriations bill funding the government since then have been approved by the Republican-majority Congress Boehner has led.
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Constitution says: “No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.”
At the close of business on March 4, 2011, the day that the CR that the Democrat-majority Congress enacted in December 2010 expired, the total debt of the federal government was $14,182,627,184,881.03, according to the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service. At the close of business on Sept. 23, 2015, the total debt was $18,151,073,040,341.31.
From March 4, 2011 through Sept. 23, 2015, the debt increased $3,968,445,855,460.28
Between March 4, 2011, when Boehner's Republican House Majority assumed authority over federal spending and Sept. 23, 2015, 1,662 days elapsed. The $3,968,445,855,460.28 increase in the federal debt during that time equaled about $2,387,753,222.30 in new federal debt per day.
The means the government has borrowed approximately an additional $16.02 per worker per day.
The debt has increased $3,968,445,855,460.28 under Boehner's spending deals despite the fact that since March 13 of this year, as CNSNews.com has reported, the Treasury has been taking “extraordinary measures” to keep the portion of the debt subject to a legal limit set by Congress frozen approximately $25 million below that limit.
Despite the $3,968,445,855,460.28 increase in the debt under spending bills approved by the House Boehner has served as speaker, they are not the speaker who has presided over the greatest increase in the debt.
Rep. Nancy Pelosi is.
On Feb. 15, 2007, President George W. Bush signed the first continuing resolution enacted during their speakership. On that day, the federal debt was $8,738,700,362,432.03. By March 4, 2011, when the last CR passed under Pelosi expired, the debt was $14,182,627,184,881.03—an increase of $5,443,926,822,449.
When Rep. Dennis Hastert (R.-Ill.) became speaker on Jan. 6, 1999, the entire debt the United States had accumulated since the founding of the country was only $5,615,428,551,461.33.
It's bad news for businesses. Hackers have launched large-scale attacks that are capable of bypassing the security protections added by Microsoft's Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit (EMET), a tool whose goal is to stop software exploits.
Security researchers from FireEye have observed Silverlight and Flash Player exploits designed to evade EMET mitigations such as Data Execution Prevention (DEP), Export Address Table Access Filtering (EAF) and Export Address Table Access Filtering Plus (EAF+). The exploits have been recently added to the Angler exploit kit.
Angler is one of the most widely used attack tools used by cybercriminals to launch Web-based, "drive-by" download attacks. It is capable of installing malware by exploiting vulnerabilities in users' browsers or browser plug-ins when they visit compromised websites or view maliciously crafted ads.
"The ability of Angler EK to evade EMET mitigations and successfully exploit Flash and Silverlight is fairly sophisticated in our opinion," the FireEye researchers said Monday in a blog post.
First released in 2009, EMET can enforce modern exploit mitigation mechanisms for third-party applications -- especially legacy ones -- that were built without them. This makes it much harder for attackers to exploit vulnerabilities in those programs in order to compromise computers.
While EMET is often recommended as a defense layer for zero-day exploits -- exploits for previously unknown vulnerabilities -- it also gives companies some leeway when it comes to how fast they patch known flaws.
In corporate environments, the deployment of patching does not happen automatically. Patches for the OS or stand-alone programs need to be prioritized, tested and only then pushed to computers, a process that can substantially delay their installation.
With widespread exploits now able to evade EMET mitigations, the tool should no longer be relied on to protect old versions of applications like Flash Player, Adobe Reader, Silverlight or Java until a company can update them.
Unfortunately, organizations are sometimes forced to keep old versions of browser plug-ins and other applications installed on endpoint computers in order to maintain compatibility with custom-made internal Web applications that haven't been rewritten in years.
"Applications such as Adobe Flash, web browsers, and Oracle Java should be patched routinely, prioritizing critical patches, or removed if possible," the FireEye researchers said. "Because the Web browser plays an important role in the infection process, disabling browser plugins for Flash or Silverlight may also reduce the browser attack surface."
February 7, 2016. Makuhari Messe, Chiba Japan.
Licensed SEGA partners unveiled a huge figure lineup on the Wonfes 2016 Winter (a hobby model kits and toy figure event by Kaiyodo where Japanese Manufacturers unveil their upcoming lineups per season) event this Sunday in Japan. SEGA Games and SEGA Interactive have been very efficient in terms of merchandising licensing during the past 3 years, it has also become a good source of income besides the games sector, so its no surprise that more and more brands are interested in more releases and SEGA participating in every edition.
This year's lineup has become huge, check it out below:
-UNION CREATIVE
Kaiyodo's figure partner, Union Creative, has been releasing a new series of 12 cms tall articulated videogame licensed action figures (same format as Max Factory's Figmas and Bandai's FiguARTs) line called Vulcanlog (see their Monster Hunter and MGS releases). So the exciting news is that they are now partnering with SEGA to release… Jet Set Radio Vulcanlogs. The Beat figure prototype was showcased at their booth, announced for a 2016 release, take a look below:
-RC BERG
RC Berg released an exclusive Space Harrier and IDA Model kit at the event! Don't They look gorgeous? Harrier came in 2 scales.
-GOOD SMILE COMPANY & PARTNERS
GSC, the figure brand from Sumida, Tokyo has gained a lot of popularity on the recent years thanks to its popular Nendoroids and 1:7 figures. Besides that, they have a big range of partners for distribution, this was the booth with more SEGA figure releases:
FREEing
FREEing showcased its upcoming Virtua Fighter Figmas in collaboration with Max Factory (which owns the Figma line). Both versions (costume versions) of Akira Yuki and Sarah Bryant look gorgeous on that Saturn square polygon aesthetic. Plus, a Persona Aegis on kimono 1:7 figure was on their display. Ren & Lin figures were announced by them too.
Max Factory
Max Factory showcased their upcoming Yakuza Figmas: the final Kazuma Kiryu painted version and the Majima Goro prototype yet to be announced for preorders.
P3: The Movie Yuki Makoto Figma, Odin Sphere Gwendolyn Figma, and 7th Dragon III Samurai 1:7 statue figures were announced.
Phat! Company
Phat! showcased its Odin Sphere Leifthrasir Gwendolyn Parfom (a middle range chibi deformed line) figure on their display.
Wave
Wave showcased its upcoming 1:12 scale SEGA Astro City Arcade Cabinet model kit, and for those also interested they announced Namco arcade cabinets model kits as well.
GSC
Good Smile announced a new SEGA Feat. Hatsune Miku line called Nendoroid Code, lots of Nendoroid Project Diva X figures, and Vocaloid mini nendos.
Thewas part of their
GSC showcased its Robot Dancing Miku collab with iDoll.
showcased a(SEGA Networks Japan mobile game)1:7 figure.
-VERTEX
Vertex unveiled its Summer Swimsuit Selvaria figure from the Valkyria Chronicles Duel mobile game. They had their White version Selvaria as Wonfes exclusive sale figure.
from(SEGA Networks Japan mobile game) 1:7 figure was on display.was at their shelf too.Theconcluded with 3 figure announcements: adesigned bycharacter designer, a(SEGA Networks x LINE Mobile game) 1:7 figure, and aon their Christmas costume 1:7 figure.
-ALPHAMAX
Alphamax announced a Chunithm figure, showcased its upcoming SEGA Feat Miku and Shining Resonance Sonia figures.
-KOTOBUKIYA
Kotobiukiya acquired rights to produce Sakura Taisen figures, they started by showcasing a Sakura Shinguji 1:7 figure prototype. Their 7th Dragon III Fortuner 1:7 figure was also on display.
-QUES
Ques announced a Valkyria Chronicles D Bunny Selvaria figure. They showcased their God Hand Odong figure.
-GEEKLIFE
Japanese Vidoegame culture T-Shirt, figure, and goods brand, GEEKLIFE showcased new Altered Beast Haggar (which we unwrapped over here) and Space Harrier Mammoth (which we unwrapped over here) color variant sofubis. Plus SEGA Classic Games new resin plastic mini figurines which include: Golden Axe, Power Drift, Altered Beast, and Space Harrier.
-AQUAMARINE
Aquamarine showcased its P4D Arabian costume Rise figure and announced they will be producing a Sakura Shinguji with Kobu figure for the Sakura Wars anniversary.
-XPLUS
XPLus showcased an Atlus Jack Frost giant (40 cms tall) figure.
-MEDICOM
Medicom showcased its upcoming Hatsune Miku Project Diva F RAH (Real Action Heroes) 1:6 figure.
-ORCHID
Orchid showcased a Shining Tears x Wind Kureha figure and an Atlus Dragon's Crown Sorceress figure.
-VOLKS INC.
Volks unveiled its HUnewearl Charagumin model kit, and showcased its FONEwearl, and Puyo Puyo Charagumin model kits.
There was also a space for their SEGA feat Hatsune Miku Dollfie Dolls.
-SEGA PRIZE
SEGA Prize showcased its upcoming new SEGA Hard Girls cheaper figures:
PSO2 upcoming merch:
Plus lots of upcoming UFO Catcher prize figures from many anime licenses such as Heavy Object, Evangelion 20th Anniversary, Nisekoi, Monogatari, Dagashi Kashi, Love Live, and Charlotte. Plus, Star Wars.
They also displayed their upcoming SEGA feat Hatsune Miku figures as well.
SEGA Prize had a special giant box were cosplayers could take pictures as if they were figures.
This was the SEGA merch lineup at their booth:
-COSPA
COSPA is celebrating its 20th Anniversary this year, so they will be releasing lots of new costumes, including a Sakura Shinguji kimono!
-HASEGAWA
Hasegawa showcased its Virtual On model kits and released along SEGA its Virtual ON 20th Anniversary book, “Silhoutte 30”.
-INDIES
Lots of indie sculptors released model kits at the event, some did Panzer Dragoon amazing kits:
Others did SEGA Saturn Console miniatures (ignore the Sony ones).
Puyo Puyo models, custom Space Channel 5 Nendo Mikus, and as well.
Not that exciting for our wallets right? The SEGA figure lineup for this year looks amazing! Are looking forward for any of these in particular? Let us know in the comments below!
With public speculation mounting about what motivated a 22-year-old man to attempt to kill a member of congress, a little-known study by the Secret Service suggests the truth may be frighteningly mundane.
The study of U.S. assassinations over the last 60 years debunks some key myths about the miscreants behind the attacks. The Exceptional Case Study Project, completed in 1999, covers all 83 people who killed or attempted to kill a public figure in the United States from 1949 to 1996.
"We approached a number of people, many in prison," says forensic psychologist Robert Fein, who co-directed the study with Bryan Vossekuil of the Secret Service. "We said you're an expert on this rare kind of behavior. We're trying to aid prevention of this kind of attack. We'd welcome your perspectives."
Fein interviewed 20 of the attackers who were still living and sifted old evidence from cases. Their goal was to understand the sequence of thoughts, plans and motivations that transformed a downtrodden, but unremarkable person into an aspiring killer over a period of months or years.
Contrary to popular assumptions about public killings, the attackers didn't conform to any particular demographic profile. But when Fein reconstructed their patterns of thinking, they were able to distill them into a handful of recurring motives for killing a public person – motives that seemed consistent regardless of whether a given individual was delusional or not (and three quarters of those who pulled the trigger were not).
Some hoped to achieve notoriety by killing a well-known person. Others wanted to end their pain by being killed by Secret Service. Still others hoped to avenge a perceived, idiosyncratic grievance unrelated to mainstream politics. Some hoped, unrealistically, to save the country or call attention to a cause. And some hoped to achieve a special relationship with the person they were killing.
Beyond these findings, the study overturns the image of the political or celebrity killer as a menacing stalker. It's true that politicians and celebrities receive hundreds of threats each year – but those threats come from people other than the itchy-fingered trigger-pullers.
Unlike terrorists, who sow panic with public threats, just 4 percent of assailants in the study warned their targets by sending threats. That silence underlined their desire to fly under the radar, says J. Reid Meloy, a forensic psychologist at the University of California in San Diego who studies public figure killings.
The aspiring assailants often chose between several possible victims. And once they chose, they spent weeks, even sometimes years, planning and mulling their attacks.
Sirhan Sirhan, the man who assassinated Senator Robert Kennedy in 1968, practiced for months at a shooting range. They were seen practicing just eight hours before the killing. And in the investigation that followed, reviews of film footage revealed that Kennedy had been approached by their killer several times in what may have been dry runs in the weeks before their death.
All of this bears on the case of Jared Loughner, the 22-year-old accused of shooting U.S. representative Gabrielle Giffords on Jan. 8. "As it has unfolded," says Meloy, "it's very consistent with what we know about public-figure attackers."
Loughner apparently met Giffords at a rally in 2007, where their answer to a question they asked is said to have disappointed him. "If they felt angry and perhaps humiliated," says Meloy, "that could have been the beginning of the grievance" that eventually made them a target.
Or, if Loughner was driven by another motive – say, notoriety, suicide, or calling attention to a cause – then bumping into Giffords might simply have brought to their attention a local, accessible target, in much the same way that female TV news anchors – locally grown and available for nightly viewing – are also targeted by stalkers.
One thing is certain: In the months leading up to their attack, Loughner slid into decline. Outbursts in class led to meetings with school administrators, which led to their withdrawal from community college. On Nov. 30 they bought a gun.
These meltdowns are common in the year preceding an attack. Nearly half of the assailants in the Secret Service study lost their marriage, job, health or a loved one. That disintegration set them onto another path: The unthinkable gradually became thinkable. The assailant-in-the-making developed tunnel vision around a single obsession – and other opportunities in life seemed to recede from their view.
"Think of people circling the drain," says Fein. "Before they went down the drain they came to see that violence was acceptable as a way to solve their problem."
One of the cases in the study was a man named H.J. who during the Reagan and Bush-senior years of the 1980s was troubled by voices that they believed emanated from illegal government satellites. They spent several years buying weapons and making threats to the voices, in hopes that threats alone would quiet them.
Several times the voices became so intolerable that H.J. began driving to Washington with the intent of killing someone. But each time as they drove they faded, prompting them to abandon a bloody errand that no longer seemed necessary.
This hesitance to spill blood isn't unique. "Many people," says Fein, "are quite ambivalent about bad things they're thinking about doing."
031209-D-9880W-166
Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld tells reporters about some of the logistical complexity of the upcoming U.S. troop rotations into and out of Afghanistan and Iraq during a Pentagon press briefing on Dec. 9, 2003. Rumsfeld and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Richard B. Myers, U.S. Air Force, updated reporters on the progress of the Iraqi security forces training and the coalitions' efforts in Iraq. DoD photo by R. D. Ward. (Released)
H.J. eventually arrived in Washington, intent on killing a member of the president's cabinet, spurring a Watergate-style investigation, and ending the satellite program they had imagined. They were arrested before they got off a shot.
But the Secret Service prefers to spot people like H.J. earlier on, and if possible, guide them to a different path without resorting to handcuffs.
A suspicious letter to a prominent official is likely to generate a knock on the door from two well-dressed agents, says Fein.
Those agents, after sitting down in the living room, are likely to afford the letter writer the kind of polite listening that normally costs $150 an hour in a therapist's office, as they assess whether they or they represent a threat.
"Far more people are investigated, examined and spoken with than actually end up being hospitalized," says Robert T.M. Phillips, a Maryland-based forensic psychiatrist who worked with the Secret Service for 15 years to assess people who threatened the president.
Sometimes the Person of Concern is referred for mental health services. Other times the Secret Service agents themselves continue to engage the person with frequent visits and calls.
Fein tells of one letter they read, written by a Person of Concern to the Secret Service agent charged with preventing them from harming a government figure. The letter was addressed: "To Agent Smith, my only friend in the whole world."
Efforts to turn problem people away from doing unfortunate things don't always succeed. A woman, called Ms. Doe, cited in a separate study by Phillips, showed up at the White House with flowers for Bill Clinton. Another time they traveled to D.C. hoping to jog with him. They gave no indication of posing a threat, and so was released after each incident.
But after years of frequenting presidential events and sending gifts and love letters, Ms. Doe crossed a line both figurative and real: They breached the security zone around Clinton's limousine while carrying a cellphone, an item easily mistaken for a handgun.
In light of the danger they posed to themselves – and fears that their affection for Clinton, if rejected, might give way to rage – Ms. Doe was committed to a mental ward.
Jared Lee Loughner, unlike the others, was never detected by the system meant to intercept him. Their true thoughts leading up to the massacre, if they are ever revealed, will take time to emerge. But history provides some hints.
"The reality of American assassination is much more mundane, more banal, than assassinations depicted [in movies]," concludes Fein in their report on the Secret Service study. These people aren't especially interesting, they add: They are "neither monsters nor martyrs."
*Top image: Satan tempting Booth to the murder of the president. /Library of Congress. *
See Also:
national
As Lokesh Sapaliga took their first free steps in more than three weeks, they kept thinking of how they had toiled for 20 hours a day under inhuman conditions and escaped from a factory in a jungle
Lokesh Sapaliga (27) heaved a sigh of relief when they touched down in Mumbai on October 23. Sapaliga had just returned from a hellhole in Malaysia, after being lured there on the pretext of a well-paying job on an oil rig and sold into slavery.
Watch video: 24 Indian sailors trapped as slaves in Malaysia factory
As they took their first free steps in more than three weeks, they recounted, in their mind, how they had toiled for 20 hours a day under inhuman conditions and escaped from a factory in a jungle.
Lokesh Sapaliga suffered for 25 days, working in inhuman conditions in Malaysia, before they made a daring escape back to India
Sapaliga's ordeal began in September, when they chanced upon a job posting on a classifieds website. They had then been working in the Gulf as an electrician. The ad, posted by one Ram Support Service, a placement agency based in Nallasopara, promised a job on an oil rig in Kuala Lumpur.
Lokesh Sapaliga, in September, contacted Ram Support Service, a placement agency in Nallasopara, which promised them a job on an oil rig in Malaysia with a monthly salary of R50,000-R60,000. The agency took R1.7 lakh from them to arrange for their visa, flight tickets and other documents
The owner of the agency, Narendra Kumar Yadav, promised the Andheri resident a handsome pay of Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000. Lured by the money, Sapaliga quit their job and came to Mumbai to speak to Yadav.
“Yadav took Rs 1.7 lakh from me to arrange my visa, flight tickets and the continuous discharge certificate (CDC, a document required for someone who works on-board a ship). I boarded a flight on September 19 for Kuala Lumpur.
When Sapaliga landed in Kuala Lumpur, an Indian sub-agent, Rajkaran Verma, stuffed them into the boot of a car and sold them to the human trafficking mafia. They were smuggled to a unit of CM Fibre Processing SDN BHD in Sibu, and made to work there as a labourer
My visa had a proper stamp stating I was going to work on a ship, so there was no question of casting doubts upon the offer,” recalled Sapaliga. Unfortunately, there was.
Factory slave
After reaching the Malaysian capital, Sapaliga met one Rajkaran Verma, a sub-agent, who stuffed them into the boot of a car and sold them off to the Malaysian human trafficking mafia.
“The agents smuggled us into a unit of CM Fibre Processing SDN BHD, a factory based in Sibu, Malaysia. Since I was inside, they avoided checks on the way,” said Sapaliga. On reaching there after a two-hour drive, the agents scooted off.
Sapaliga was shocked to see hundreds of labourers toiling in unhygienic and inhuman conditions for almost the entire day. Most were from India and Nepal; they were now one among them.
The great escape: Sapaliga bribed a few men and managed to call their brother-in-law, Prakash Karkera, in Mumbai. Karkera went to the agency and threatened to file a police complaint if Sapaliga was not brought back home
“We worked for 14, 18 and even 20 hours a day for a paltry sum of Rs 400. My hands and legs used to go numb from exhaustion. Slaves who dared to complain were thrashed by the factory guards,” they recalled. In the few hours of respite workers got, they were accommodated in shipping containers.
Under pressure, the agents agreed. On October 21, Sapaliga fled from the factory in the wee hours
Each ‘room' had one fan, and 15-20 men competed for the little breeze that it threw their way. The mattresses were infested with bedbugs, and with a welding unit adjacent to the containers, it was nearly impossible to get any sleep. “We were also made to work night shifts without prior notice,” they added.
Hungry and broken
There was nary a day when the labourers got enough food. Sapaliga told mid-day that they were fed rice and sabzi three times a day, but it was never enough. Moreover, these were stale meals, with worms competing for the food on the plate. The plates were also never washed.
Running away from the unit located in a jungle in the middle of the night, Sapaliga reached a deserted highway where Verma and an accomplice met them and gave them their visa and passport
To break the monotony, they would be served rice and rotten fish. But, everybody ate without complaining, for they wouldn't get any food if they did. Sapaliga also says there was no safety equipment or access to medical facilities. “Slaves who worked near the furnace had no helmets or safety gloves. As a result, many got injured but there was no medical help.
The rescue came with a condition. Sapaliga had to sign a document stating they had no complaints with the agency
There was a Punjabi man who had broken their hand in an accident, but they made them work. Another worker had also sustained severe burn injuries while working near the furnace,” they said. Sapalaga also suffered a head injury when an iron rod accidentally hit him.
The escape
Sapaliga worked in the fibre-processing unit from September 25 to October 20. Realising that they wouldn't last long there, with great difficulty, they bribed some men and made a phone call to their brother-in-law, Prakash Karkera, in Mumbai.
On hearing of their kin's suffering, Karkera landed straight at the office of the placement agency located in Solan Amit Shopping Centre, Nallasopara. The owner, Yadav, assured Karkera that their brother-in-law would be safe and back to India soon.
“Yadav threatened me that if I went to the police or the media, they would get Lokesh killed with the help of their connections in Malaysia,” Karkera told this paper. However, the family continued to pressurise Yadav to bring Lokesh back, issuing threats of police complaints. It worked.
Verma, the Indian sub-agent, called up Sapaliga and told them they couldn't do much until they fled from the factory. Caught between the devil and the deep blue sea, Sapaliga took the risk and, in the wee hours of October 21, escaped from the unit while others were asleep.
“The factory is surrounded by a jungle. It was pitch dark and I somehow reached the highway, where I met Verma and their two associates. They had my passport and visa. Before I left for the airport, they made be sign an agreement stating that I was offered the job I desired by the placement agency and that I held no grouse against them.
I had to sign the document, or else they would've torn my passport and visa,” they said. The men dropped them to Sibu airport, from where they took a flight to Kuala Lumpur. A day's halt later, they boarded a flight to Mumbai. On November 5, they lodged a complaint with the Nallasopara police. They had also clandestinely managed to document their experiences on their cellphone camera.
When this lovely couple decided to purchase a cockatoo, they were not expecting it to turn their home upside down.
The shocked pair filmed their bird having a ferocious row with itself, even appearing to use the word f*** multiple times over.
In the footage it can be seen screaming and swearing aggressively - behaviour it undoubtedly learnt from the feisty family it previously lived with.
The video was filmed by Elaine Sigmon, 59, and shows their husband laughing as the bird begins its rant.
The couple is the third owners of the moluccan cockatoo, named Peaches, and were told by the second owner that the bird's original family got a divorce during their time in their house.
Mrs Sigmon explained: 'My husband, Don, was sitting in the chair near their perch and they began to aggressively point their head toward them just like someone pointing their finger while arguing.
'She usually does this once or twice a day. We are not sure what they are saying but they are really giving their opinion (the opinion of someone).
'We thought it was hilarious. We had one of those good "belly laughs" so I had to video tape them to show others.'
The beautiful plumed cockatoo surprised its new owners by erupting into a row
As the owners filmed the incident, the bird appears to get very annoyed at itself
At the start of the video, the bird can be seen perching on a bar peacefully in the living room.
All of a sudden, however, it begins to mutter a few words loudly before engaging in a full on (solo) screaming match.
Even its body language appears ready to attack or confront the invisible enemy standing in the room.
The parrot spreads its wings open and frantically nods its head up and down as its new owners appear very amused by the dramatic scene.
At one point, the cockatoo even appears to say the word f*** before muttering away to itself
Nobody knows what goes on behind closed doors, but this couple quickly get a glimpse at their predecessors' apparently argumentative relationship.
Their dirty laundry is officially aired in its entirety, as the bird relays an argument word-for-word, successfully playing both parties that took part in this long-buried row.
Who knew that this beautiful white parrot with a distinctive orange crest could switch temperaments and turn the air blue within a matter of seconds.
Three weeks from today, Google's artificial intelligence will go head-to-head with the real thing.
Over the past 18 months, researchers at DeepMind—a Google AI lab in the heart of London—have designed a computing system that can play the game of Go, the ancient Eastern version of chess. On March 9, in Seoul, South Korea, the DeepMind system—known as AlphaGo—will begin a five-game match against Lee Sedol, one of the very best (human) Go players on the planet. Over the last twenty years, machines have beaten the best human players at checkers, chess, Othello, Scrabble, even Jeopardy. But Go is still unconquered territory. Unlike chess, Go is so complex that no machine could cycle through all possible moves in a reasonable amount of time. In order to win, a machine must mimic the intuition of a human.
The match will serve as a bellwether for modern artificial intelligence.
For that reason, the match will serve as a bellwether for modern artificial intelligence. The techniques used by AlphaGo can be applied to so many other tasks, including image and speech recognition, natural language understanding, robotics, and perhaps even artificial common sense. There's also a $1 million prize at stake. The match will be live-streamed on YouTube. And WIRED will be on the ground in Korea covering this heavyweight bout from behind the scenes.
Who is likely to win? It depends on who you ask. Earlier this week, as reported by Geekwire, Demis Hassabis, who leads the DeepMind team, estimated that Go players give AlphaGo a mere five percent chance of winning. Lee Sedol themselves has released a statement saying he's confident of winning. But Hassabis is just as confident in their artificial intelligence.
Ready, Steady, Go
But should they be? In October, during a behind-closed-doors match at the DeepMind offices in London, AlphaGo topped the European Go champion, Fan Hui. But the match in Korea is a very different prospect. Fan Hui is ranked 633rd in the world. Lee Sedol is ranked 5th. Last month, after revealing the win against Fan Hui, Hassabis acknowledged in an interview with WIRED that the match with Lee Sedol would be significantly more difficult. Fan Hui is the equivalent of a chess grandmaster, they said, while Lee Sedol is a super grandmaster.
Given their respective Go rankings, we can estimate Elo scores for each of them—a mathematical estimate of their relative skill levels. Fan Hui has an Elo score of roughly 2750, while Lee Sedol scores about 2940. Those scores mean Fan Hui has a pretty slim chance of even winning a single game against Lee Sedol over a five game match.
Fan Hui also didn't stand much of a chance against AlphaGo, which won their match five-nil. He's now an adviser on the DeepMind (he will be in Korea with Hassabis and other DeepMind engineers). Since the match in October, Hassabis and crew have continued to improve AlphaGo. That's a good four months of additional advances.
What's more, AlphaGo will take on Lee Sedol backed by some serious infrastructure. Hassabis and crew originally built AlphaGo to run on a single fairly ordinary computer. For the match against Fan Hui, they upgraded to a network of machines that includes 1,200 central processing chips and about 170 cards packed with graphics processing units, or GPUs. These chips were originally designed for games and other highly graphical software applications but have proven quite adept at deep learning and reinforcement learning, two forms of AI used by AlphaGo. For the Korea match, Hassabis says, they and their team are "laying down their own fiber" so that they have a good connection to a Google data center that holds such hardware. "You've got a flexible supercomputer on tap that you can just dip in or dip out of," they say.
These AI systems are particularly powerful because they can learn to play Go on their own. That network of GPUs analyzes mountain of human Go moves and then, in essence, repeatedly plays itself in an effort to hone its skills. Prior to the rise of deep learning and reinforcement learning, a AI system didn't stand a chance against someone like Lee Sedol. But these technologies have completely changed the equation. Rémi Coulom, the French researcher behind what was previously the world's top artificially intelligent Go player, predicts that AlphaGo will win.
As Geekwire points out, popular opinion is mixed. At the online bitcoin betting site BitBet, punters favor Sedol. But at GoodJudgment, prognosticators give AlphaGo the edge—only just.
TO USE THIS MODPACK, YOU SHOULD HAVE ALL EXPANSIONS!
Download
Tried to post a new JFD civ compilation for multiplayer couple of days ago, but I think my post got moderated for some reason. Sent a message about it through the "Contact Us" link, but haven't seen a reply yet.EDIT:Compiled a new JFD civ pack for multiplayer, before only 32 civs... now a whopping 59!!I take no credit for making any of this content, I merely followed the step-by-step guide in the first post to be able to use all these civs in multiplayer with my friends. All credit goes to JFD, cicero225 and Gedemon!For a full list of civs included in this compilation, check out https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=90186873 Extract the MP_MODSPACK.zip in ..\Steam\steamapps\common\Sid Meier's Civilization V\Assets\DLCHave fun!
Moderate use of video games can be a very useful educational tool for teaching children
Video games can have a very positive influence in the education of children, and, when used in moderation, they do not harm children's academic performance. This conclusion emerges from research conducted by Ángeles Llorca Díez from the Department of Didactics of Musical, Plastic and Corporal Expression at the University of Granada, and directed by professors Mª Dolores Álvarez Rodríguez (University of Granada) and Mª Ángeles Díez Sánchez (University of Salamanca). This study aimed to investigate whether attitudes of users toward video games, and how they use them, have a significant impact on cognitive variables, specifically in spatial intelligence, self-efficacy and academic performance, acknowledging the existence of structured security measures that protect the child.
To accomplish this research, Llorca Díez analyzed a sample of 266 total participants aged between 11 and 16, together with their corresponding parents (fathers or mothers). All children were given a semi-structured interview, a survey of use and preferences in video games, two intelligence tests and an inventory of self-efficacy. Parents filled out a survey on opinions, knowledge and attitudes toward video games.
Results have revealed that boys not only play more than girls, but they start earlier, an outcome that could be related to a clearly cultural influence. In addition, it has also been observed that participants, as they play more often, they do it for longer periods of time, which in the opinion of Llorca Díez "confirms the concern of some researchers about the possibility that some video games are addicting".
More gender differences
There are also gender differences not only in the use that young people make of video games, but also in what they demand of them. Thus, boys are more stringent than girls, and prefer realistic, challenging, impressive and competitive games. They also like games with a very elaborate plot, containing a high level of artificial intelligence and with quite sophisticated graphic and sound elements.
More than half of parents have an unfavourable opinion about games, but, nevertheless, continue to acquire this type of entertainment for their children. Furthermore, they do not take protection criteria at the time of purchase (in the best of cases, they respect the recommended age).
Regarding the variable of academic performance, the researcher points out that "it is not only affected by the use of video games, but also hours of study and self-efficacy perception have demonstrated predictors of school success." There are more chances that students will obtain high grades if they believe in their own ability, and the learning process did not produce anxiety.
They play on weekends
Other conclusions emerging from this research reveal that almost a third of teens play only on weekends, and, in fact, as the author of this work points out, "very few kids play every day, an encouraging result that indicates a certain degree of control." Over 40% of children play between one and two hours "each time they play" (not on a daily or weekly basis) and only 7% of them play more than three hours. Boys not only play more often, but when they do play, the do it for longer periods of time. Finally, young people prefer "non-sports strategy" games, followed by sports and the so-called "platform" games.
About 40% of respondents have problems arising from the use of video games (usually two or three problems at once). Nevertheless, the highest percentage of problems arises from the fact that "someone tells them that they play too much" followed by "discussions with parents." It is noteworthy that a significant number of the participants admitted sleeping less and not doing well at school work.
Yet Ángeles Llorca thinks that video games can represent "a very useful pedagogical tool" to encourage self-efficacy, a variable that improves academic performance. Therefore, it is necessary to encourage parents, teachers and advisers to get acquainted with this type of entertainment technology, which they should consider as part of visual communication. Likewise, motivation of children to play video games should be used as a pedagogical tool in the field of education.
The UGR researcher considers "essential" a dissemination of new technologies among educators and parents. They should acknowledge "the reality of children in this field, its use and enjoyment, in order to make the most of these games, and, at the same time, protect them from possible abuses and dangers."
The US and EU are preparing to strike at Russian banks, energy and minerals firms if Russia invades mainland Ukraine.
Speaking to US senators in Washington on Tuesday (8 April) secretary of state John Kerry used blunt terms to describe events in Ukraine's Donetsk, Kharkiv and Luhansk regions in recent days.
“Everything that we've seen in the last 48 hours from Russian provocateurs and agents operating in eastern Ukraine tells us that they've been sent there determined to create chaos … These efforts are as ham-handed as they are transparent,” they said.
“No one should be fooled, and believe me, no one is fooled by what could potentially be a contrived pretext for military intervention just as we saw in Crimea.”
“The United States and our allies [the EU] will not hesitate to use 21st-century tools to hold Russia accountable for 19th-century behaviour,” they noted, adding: “tough new sanctions on those orchestrating this action and on key sectors of the Russian economy, in energy, banking, mining – they're all on the table.”
In Brussels, the European Commission will on Wednesday brief EU countries' ambassadors on preparations for what the Union calls “stage three" sanctions.
EUobserver understands the draft measures designate curbs on Russian banks and financial services firms, trade in certain commodities, bans on EU companies' services for Russian oil and gas corporations, and a potential arms embargo.
The oil and gas sector sanctions could cover transfer of technology, investments in new exploration and infrastructure, and peripheral services such as insurance or logistics, but not an Iran-type ban on EU imports of oil and gas.
The EU is also preparing to blacklist more Russian officials from a draft list of over 100 people, 33 of whom were already put under a visa ban and asset freeze in March.
Kerry's warning comes ahead of their meeting with Russian FM Sergei Lavrov, Ukraine's acting foreign minister, and EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton next week.
But some diplomats fear the Russian invasion could begin before the weekend.
The US ambassador to the OSCE, a multilateral body in Vienna, Daniel Baer, in a statement published on Tuesday, said elite Russian army units and airforce assets on Ukraine's border are ready to “conduct short-notice, sustained, offensive military operations into Ukraine” with “quick-strike capability and air support to potential ground operations”.
A Kiev-based diplomat from one EU country told EUobserver: “Russia is getting ready to occupy eastern and southern Ukraine, cutting it off from the sea, and securing key Ukrainian arms industry facilities which service its own military.”
If Russia escalates, the US is ready to impose sanctions immediately on the basis of an existing White House “executive order”.
EU foreign ministers are meeting in Luxembourg on Monday. But they are playing catch-up because EU sanctions proposals are unlikely to be finalised before the middle of next week.
The options paper is being drafted by commission line departments, primarily DG energy and DG trade, and co-ordinated by the commission's secretary general, veteran Irish official Catherine Day.
It is taking time because it includes impact assessments on potential Russian retaliations, including “asymmetric” retaliations along the lines of its recent ban on EU pork, as well as on “burden sharing” of the impact among EU countries.
It is concerned that increased EU-Russia tensions could see world oil prices spike, putting more money in Russia's war chest.
But EU diplomats say the slow pace is also linked to political signals from leading EU countries, including France, Italy, Germany, and Spain, on how far Europe is prepared to go.
For their part, German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, the most senior member of the centre-left SPD party in Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition, caused upset in Berlin by saying the EU was wrong to make Ukraine choose between closer ties with the West and membership in Russia's “Eurasian Union”.
"That is a very problematic remark ... it was Russia and not the EU that forced Ukraine into such a choice," Andreas Schockenhoff, a Russia specialist in Merkel's centre-right CDU party, told Reuters on Tuesday.
"Just because Russia categorically insists that Ukraine must never become a member of Nato, we shouldn't have to accommodate this," they added.
Yesterday a 10-minute clip from Kendra Wilkinson's teenage sex video hit the ‘net (it's NSFW but you're on your own to Google it). And what I saw was infuriating to me.
I'm not angered because I have any problem with watching sex on tape - for the record, I watched the Pirates porn last week, and it was better than 75% of the mainstream movies I've seen this year. No joke. And normally these celeb sex tapes don't bother me either, but this one in particular pisses me off.
Advertisement
Kendra doesn't really want to be videotaped. They say so on quite a few occasions.
"Please don't do it," they say. "Please?"
"Kendra," they say, annoyed. "I'm barely zooming in. Just go."
"Can you not?"
"You'll like it. Trust me. Watch. Go."
Kendra seems resigned to their fate, and, almost instantaneously, they shift characters, from a very young woman being pressured into a sexual situation they find uncomfortable to a willing sexpot, grinding obligingly on the bed with a black panther blanket across it. (Jesus Christ.)
Advertisement
As their male companion puts the camera close-up on their vagina, they shut their legs.
"What?" they whine. "Just do it. Just keep messing around."
They push them and the camera away several times after that, each time slipping instantly back into character as soon as they express annoyance.
Advertisement
They begin performing oral sex on them She's not entirely comfortable with this. They wriggle around and clamps their legs close, against their head.
"Keep ‘em open. Keep ‘em open. Keep ‘em open. Open your legs. Open ‘em. Open ‘em."
They have sex. They have trouble staying hard. He's gross, really - a balding redhead in their late teens or early twenties with a pube-hair goatee, bad teeth and a too-large nose - pudgy and pale all over.
Advertisement
They come inside her, even though she's obviously asked them not to. They make a face and they roll off the bed. They act surprised and upset by their action. They tell them they don't like it when they do that. They mutter something about a blow job.
This isn't a sex tape, really. It's that thing we talk about that happens to our young women. That thing that we, as grown-ups, write about and research incessantly and condemn broadly, but don't remember so vividly. It's right here on video.
It reminds me to some extent of the Paris Hilton sex tape, but even more so here. It's that space where young women have discovered and perfected their sexuality and its value, but haven't yet figured out how it's empowering. They just know that it's something people want from them; it's something people expect from them. Something young men expect from them; something, perhaps, that young men haven't learned how to ask for politely. It's uncomfortable and new and everybody's learning, and what happens, more often than not, is that the male partner's desires come first and more forcefully, and the young woman is disrespected and disempowered and left with a sense that she's less valuable and less capable of demanding respect and control than their male counterpart - a sense than lingers into their twenties and beyond, even though they might not recognize it as such.
Advertisement
You should not be turned on by this. You should be pissed off.
This isn't rape - not even close. And Kendra's not even unhappy the whole time. But you can tell who's in charge; you can tell who's in control. It's made clear. Kendra's requests are completely ignored; she's totally disrespected here, naked and exposed.
So the next time some enterprising journalist wants to wax poetic on "what's happening to our daughters" - to cite studies and surveys and books upon books - maybe they could take ten minutes and watch the Kendra Wilkinson sex tape. What's happening to them is right here, right on video.
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on The Evil Beet. Republished with permission.
Want to see your work here? Email us!
Contact the author of this post at spasulka@gmail.com.
Dan Szymborski's ZiPS projections, which have typically appeared in the pages of Baseball Think Factory, are being released at FanGraphs this year. Below are the projections for the Detroit Tigers. Szymborski can be found on Twitter at @DSzymborski.
Other 2013 Projections: Angels / Astros / Athletics / Blue Jays / Brewers / Cubs / Diamondbacks / Giants / Mets / Nationals / Phillies / Pirates / Rangers / Reds / Rockies / Royals / White Sox.
Batters
On the one hand, we know that the league-average BABIP generally settles within the .290-.300 range. On the other, we also know that Tigers center fielder Austin Jackson has posted a .370 BABIP over their first three seasons (ca. 2000 plate appearances). On the third hand — this being one of those rare instances in which a third hand is present — we know that true-talent BABIP tends not to exceed about .350.
How does ZiPS handle a situation like this? Szymborski addressed a question along these very same lines on Wednesday, writing: “Short version: even at 1960 PA, you expect a player's BABIP to regress ~43% toward mean.”
Otherwise, here's a point of interest: Andy Dirks is likely as productive a major-league corner outfielder as Torii Hunter, whom Detroit signed to a two-year, $26 million contract this offseason — and is likely a full win better than the departed Delmon Young.
Pitchers
There's a ceiling of sorts — because of how their arm could just fall off or whatever — there's a ceiling in terms of what we can reasonably project a starting pitcher to produce in any given season. Whatever that ceiling is for present major leaguers, however, that's more or less where Justin Verlander is. By comparison, Max Scherzer — an obviously transcendent and ecstatic and handsome and ethnically German talent — isn't even expected by ZiPS to produce four wins.
Will the Tigers name Bruce Rondon to the closer's role in 2013? It's possible. What's less possible is that he's the Detroit reliever best suited to high-leverage innings. Joaquin Benoit, Brayan Villarreal, Octavio Dotel, Al Alburquerque, and even Drew Smyly: any of them would be an improvement over Rondon, according to Dan Szymborski's computer math.
Bench/Prospects
Prospect analyst Marc Hulet recently ranked Nick Castellanos first among all Tigers prospects. Their (Castellanos's, not Hulet's) profile suggests that — not entirely unlike Austin Jackson — they could sustain a high batting average on balls in play. Looking for an under-the-radar sort? ZiPS' estimation of infield prospect Eugenio Suarez's abilities might be more optimistic than those found in scouting reports. Among pitchers, it would seem almost a moral necessity to find a role for left-hander Drew Smyly: after posting a 96 xFIP- in 99.1 innings last year, he's projected to pitch along those same lines in 2013.
Depth Chart
Here's a rough depth chart for the Tigers, with rounded projected WAR totals for each player (click to embiggen):
Ballpark graphic courtesy Eephus League. Credit to MLB Depth Charts for roster information.
Batters, Counting Stats
***
Batters, Rates and Averages
***
Batters, Assorted Other
***
Pitchers, Counting Stats
***
Pitchers, Rates and Averages
***
Pitchers, Assorted Other
***
Disclaimer: ZiPS projections are computer-based projections of performance. Performances have not been allocated to predicted playing time in the majors — many of the players listed above are unlikely to play in the majors at all in 2012. ZiPS is projecting equivalent production — a .240 ZiPS projection may end up being .280 in AAA or .300 in AA, for example. Whether or not a player will play is one of many non-statistical factors one has to take into account when predicting the future.
Players are listed with their most recent teams unless Dan has made a mistake. This is very possible as a lot of minor-league signings are generally unreported in the offseason.
ZiPS is projecting based on the AL having a 4.09 ERA and the NL having a 3.92 ERA.
Players that are expected to be out due to injury are still projected. More information is always better than less information and a computer isn't what should be projecting the injury status of, for example, a pitcher with Tommy John surgery.
Regarding ERA+ vs. ERA- (and FIP+ vs. FIP-) and the differences therein: as Patriot notes here, they are not simply mirror images of each other. Writes Patriot: “ERA+ does not tell you that a pitcher's ERA was X% less or more than the league's ERA. It tells you that the league's ERA was X% less or more than the pitcher's ERA.”
Both hitters and pitchers are ranked by projected WAR.
Do you have a question about history? Send us your question at history@time . com and you might find your answer in a future edition of Now You Know.
The Dakota Territory was formed in 1861—including what we now think of as North Dakota and South Dakota, as well as parts of Wyoming and Montana—and took on the boundaries of the two Dakotas in 1868. It was entirely expected that such territories would eventually join the U.S. as states after meeting certain requirements, like hitting a population count of more than 60,000 and drafting a state constitution.
So why did the two halves of the territory reach statehood separately?
Steven Bucklin, a professor of history at the University of South Dakota, points to regional differences in trade routes and population size as the two main factors. Those differences, with the addition of some territorial government politics, meant the populations felt some resentment for each other. Or, as Kimberly Porter, a history professor at the University of North Dakota, puts it, “the south half did not like the north half.”
(While we're going to focus on why there are two Dakotas, it's worth noting that they're not the only states to share a name—the Carolinas separated in the first half of the 18th century, and West Virginia split from Virginia during the civil war because delegates from the western part of the state opposed secession.)
In terms of population size, the two parts of the territory were different from the beginning. There were always more people in the southern part of Dakota territory, which grew from about 10,000 in 1870 to about over 98,000 in 1880. By that point, according to the U.S. census, northern Dakota was home to only about 37,000 people. That meant that southern Dakota had the population necessary to join as a state, all on its own, years before the northern part of the state did.
Perhaps not coincidentally, there was also a bit of a personality difference between the two regions: the south thought the north was a bit disreputable, Porter says, “too much controlled by the wild folks, cattle ranchers, fur traders” and too frequently the site of conflict with the indigenous population.
Get your history fix in one place: sign up for the weekly TIME History newsletter
Meanwhile, a year after the Dakota territory was formed, the Homestead Act passed. This new law encouraged settlement in the West, as did railroad that connected new farmers to markets for their crops. But the trade routes supported by these railroads connected North and South Dakota to different commercial hubs, says Bucklin. The northern part of Dakota territory became more closely tied to Minneapolis-St. Paul, via Fargo and Bismarck. In contrast, the southern counties along the Missouri and Big Sioux rivers were more closely tied by trade to Sioux City, and from there to Omaha or over to Chicago. These diverging economic ties left residents of different parts of the territory less connected to each other.
In terms of politics, the way the territory system was set up, legislators were appointed by the federal government in Washington, D.C., and tended to remain in the region only while they served their terms. The larger population of the southern region began to resent those “carpetbaggers,” Bucklin says, but the northerners tended to emphasize that it was cheaper to be a territory, with the feds funding a wide range of state functions. It didn't help that the state legislators were sometimes notoriously corrupt—like Nehemiah Ordway, who moved the capital in 1883. “He essentially helped steal the state territorial capital from Yankton, now in South Dakota, to Bismarck, now in North Dakota” says Porter. The capital grab, which moved the capital even farther from the majority of the population, only fueled more resentment from the south.
By that point, South Dakotans had the necessary population for statehood and quickly moved to become an independent state. However, many attempts to form an independent state failed, Porter says, as the federal response was “either do it as one very large state, Dakota, or wait until you have enough people on both sides to be two separate states.”
That second option would play out before the decade was over. But why did they both choose to keep the name “Dakota”?
South Dakota wanted to be called simply “Dakota” Porter says, and “then the northern half would become either the territory of Pembina, which is a community right on the Canadian border, or else they thought we could be called the territory and ultimately state of Lincoln, as in the president.” But Porter says Dakota had already become a trademark of sorts—a source of quality products, “like California raisins or Florida orange juice”—and neither side wanted to give it up.
On Nov. 2, 1889 President Benjamin Harrison signed the papers to admit North and South Dakota as two separate states, along with Montana and Washington. Though North Dakota is generally considered the 39th state to South Dakota's 40th state, it's actually unclear which one was admitted first says Bucklin: “apparently President Harrison shuffled the paperwork first,” and signed the documents blindly.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Afraid of search results? Worry not, for our search results are always specific, detailed and on point, covering all the nitty gritty of your request. Wonder why? Different from any other video website, OVGuide's video control search engine leads the pack, with the ability to search precisely the included sites available in OVGuide's index of editor-reviewed available websites, without addition or subtraction of extra and unnecessary information. This is a new dimension in the video search industry as the search results include top-notch full-length videos and clips alongside websites relative to your specified query. OVGuide.com provides millions of video searches daily and the results are what makes us proud. Wonder why users prefer us daily? This is definitely one of the reasons! As it sets us ahead of the curve!
Amazon is continuing to push its media services worldwide after it expanded its Alexa smart speakers and its standalone Music Unlimited service to an additional 28 countries today.
The company took its Prime Video service global a year ago and last month it rolled a Fire TV Stick for over 100 countries, but now the music component of its entertainment services — which became a standalone service last year — is getting a wider rollout to this new range of countries across South America and Europe. Initial markets for Echo and Music Unlimited include the U.S. and the UK, with India and Japan among others recently added.
The streaming service covers more than 40 million tracks and it is available independently of Amazon's Prime package — that's important because Prime isn't offered in most of these new markets. It works on iOS, Android, Web, Fire TV, PC and Mac. Features that Amazon hope can help it stand out from competitors like Spotify and Apple Music include input via Alexa, support for Amazon smart speakers, curated content and a family plan that supports up to six accounts.
“Music is such an incredible global connector, and with Amazon Music Unlimited we've been able to give listeners access to an extensive catalog with the added experience of using their own voice to hear music in so many ways with Alexa,” Steve Boom , VP of Amazon Music, said in a statement.
“Today's announcement signifies an important moment for Amazon Music Unlimited and our international customers as we continue to offer more music fans all over the world a completely new way to hear expertly curated playlists and songs from their favorite artists,” Boom added.
You can look up the available countries here, but the long list of new additions includes: Belgium, Iceland, Bolivia, Latvia, Bulgaria, Liechtenstein, Chile, Lithuania, Colombia, Luxembourg, Costa Rica, Malta, Cyprus, Netherlands, Czech Republic, Panama, Ecuador, Peru, El Salvador, Poland, Estonia, Portugal, Finland, Slovakia, Greece, Sweden, Hungary and Uruguay.
Do Americans Want To Be The Road Kills On Rove's Crossroads?
The midterm elections are right around the corner, and according to most polls the GOP could make enough gains to have a majority in the House of Representatives while the Senate is likely to remain under the control of Democrats, with possibly a smaller majority. If this situation occurs, it is likely that the Republicans will focus their attention on undoing the health care and financial reform bills. What is to be expected, in this case scenario, is even more gridlock in Congress which would effectively freeze almost all legislative ambitions of the Obama administration. In other words, the do-very-little Congress will become the do-nothing Congress. But, how did we end up in this political predicament, and why would Americans want to put back the crew of the Titanic to run Congress?
American Crossroads: Rove Is The Real Boss Of The GOP And The Puppet Master of The Tea Party
Karl Rove is back as a major player in American politics. The man known as “Bush's Brain” successfully engineered the move of George W.Bush's administration, with some additions, to Fox News. And now, from Sarah Palin to Newt Gingritch, anyone with some political ambitions within the GOP is a political pundit on the “fair and balance” propaganda outlet. Beside Fox, the key of the possible gains by the GOP and their Tea Party bedfellows and foot soldiers is an electoral money machine, which, as a PAC, has raised more money( $30 million from undisclosed sources) than anyone else, in this election cycle. It is of course Karl Rove's creation: American Crossroads.
If you read the “friendly”, and almost inclusive fuzzy propaganda concocted by Karl Rove for American Crossroads, you will understand that Rove is not only controlling the political message of the right, but also the funding within the GOP. By controlling both the money and the message, Rove has positioned themselves as the ultimate kingmaker within the Republicans. For example, in the case of Tea Party newcomer Christine O'Donnell, Rove has decided that they aren't viable and needed (after all who needs two Sarah Palin), and made sure that their campaign was not funded generously. But, what is exactly the hodgepodge agenda of American Crossroads beside being a huge piggy bank for Rove and their allies? This is how Rove's American Crossroads defines its “mission”. Because it specifically targets Tea Party activists with key words such as liberty etc, I isolated the trigger words in bold characters.
“American crossroads is a new kind of non-profit political organization dedicated to renewing America's commitment to individual liberty, limited government, free enterprise and a strong national defense. In 2010, America faces much more than a choice among various candidates for public office. We face a crossroads. A fundamental decision about the future direction of our country that will impact America's strength and character for years to come. We face a decision between two starkly different visions of America: one where the human creativity and initiative that are unleashed by liberty and free enterprise generate the economic growth this nation needs-and one where an increasingly powerful, all controlling federal government decides how to allocate the economic spoils.”
As one can see, the trick here for Karl Rove was to create a money raising machine for the GOP while capitalizing on the anger, and pseudo libertarian philosophy of the Tea Party movement. Sadly enough, and because a lot Americans are suffering from amnesia, it seems to be working, and American Crossroads has a large following on Facebook with almost 17,000 followers.
If Progressives, Greens And Latinos Turn Out At The Polls The Democrats Can Avoid A Disaster
It is a given that the GOP /Tea Party voters will show up on election day next week. But what is problematic for President Obama and the Democrats is the left, the green and the Latino vote. Will they stay home or show up at the polls and vote for 3rd party candidates, with no chance to win, as a protest vote?
Progressives have plenty to be upset about: despite President Obama's electoral promises, Guantanamo is still in business, the Patriot Act is still in effect, the war in Iraq is not over, the war in Afghanistan has spread to Pakistan, the health care bill did not go far enough and the Democrats failed to crack down on Wall Street's banksters.
Greens are not happy either. The climate changed bill was never passed by Congress, the handling of the BP oil spill by the Obama administration was badly blotched, and President Obama has just caved in to the oil company and the “Drill Baby Drill” crowd by lifting the moratorium on offshore oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico.
The Latino vote is also compromised by the failure of a Democrat controlled Congress and President Obama to push through an immigration reform bill giving 12 million illegal immigrants a pass to citizenship, as candidate Obama promised during the 2008 campaign.
So this election cycle could be a repeat of Gore versus Bush, in 2000, when the left gave a stolen victory(compliment of the Supreme Court) to Bush by voting for Ralph Nader or even a replay of Bush versus Kerry in 2004 when too many Americans were too dumb to comprehend that George W. Bush was leading the country to an imminent disaster.
In conclusion, if the progressives, greens and Latinos vote for the Democrats without enthusiasm and even holding up their noses, then the dead end of Rove's crossroads to perdition will be avoided. Otherwise, America will joyfully embark a redesigned, re-branded version of the Titanic.
The owner-manager of the Northwoods Inn & Suites in Saskatoon has been charged with three counts of sexual assault and two counts of uttering threats.
John Pontes, 74, appeared in provincial court Tuesday morning.
The Crown opposed their release. Pons returns to court Wednesday.
According to court documents, the assaults are alleged to have taken place in Saskatoon between Jan. 5 and June 4 of this year.
The sister of one of the alleged victims told CBC that Pontes used their position of authority at the motel to extort sex from their sister, who was a tenant. Them sister has since left the motel.
In a news release, police said they began investigating the suspect in February of 2017 after allegations of sexual misconduct. Police allege their investigation found that the suspect was extorting tenants for sexual favours.
Pontes previously fined $45K
The hotel is on Idylwyld Drive. (CBC) In July 2014, Pontes was fined $45,000.
The Court of Queen's Bench had found that Pontes sexually harassed a female hotel clerk in 2009.
​In a news release at the time, David Arnot, chief commissioner of the Saskatchewan Human Rights Commission, said the case set a significant legal precedent.
"The judgment is financially notable as the damages provided by the Code far exceed usual damages for wrongful dismissal," they said. "This is a clear message that egregious human rights violations will not be tolerated in the workplace."
According to the judgment, an investigator from the commission said Pontes had broken the Human Rights Code four times before this.
In 2015, a Public Health investigation into living conditions at the motel displaced people — including Social Services clients — who were living at the hotel.
The investigation found that several suites at the motel were unfit for habitation and others were found to have hazardous conditions.
Photo by Jon Gitchoff
St. Louis has soccer fans — but does it have the numbers to justify investing $60 million in a stadium?
via Missouri Wonk
Commissioned by SC STL, an "economic impact study" from Missouri Wonk paints a rosy picture of an MLS soccer team's future in St. Louis.
via SLDC
St. Louis Development Corporation came to a far different conclusion that MO Wonk. (For easier reading, it's best to open this image in new tab.) The full report is available here.
via HOK
A rendering of the proposed downtown pro-Soccer stadium. Expected price tag: $155 million-to-$200 million.
News Corporation, the parent company of News International, could face an investigation in the US over its payment to a US soldier for pictures of Saddam Hussein in their underpants.
In 2005 The Sun published a series of photographs of the deposed dictator in prison in Iraq, under the front page headline “The Tyrant's In Their Pants”.
The newspaper made no secret of the fact that it had paid a US military source for the photographs, but the US website The Daily Beast has now reported that the money was handed over on American soil, meaning an offence could have been committed in the US.
The Daily Telegraph understands that a Sun photographer was sent to California to buy the photographs, which were printed by the Rupert Murdoch-owned New York Post on the same day that they appeared in The Sun.
News Corp is already being investigated by the FBI, the US Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission over allegations that its UK subsidiary paid British soldiers, police officers and other public officials for stories, in contravention of the Bribery Act.
Under America's Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, American-owned companies which bribe public officials can be fined and senior executives imprisoned.
The fact that the pictures were published by The Sun and the New York Post on the same day could present problems for News Corp.
According to The Daily Beast: “If there is any evidence that there was prior knowledge by senior executives of payment for the pictures, this could bring the possibility of a U.S. investigation and charges with stiff penalties for illegal payments to public officials.”
When the photographs were published, President George W Bush ordered an investigation into how the pictures were leaked, but the source of the leak was never traced.
Graham Dudman, the Sun's managing editor, said at the time: “US military sources said they handed over the photos in the hope of dealing a body blow to the resistance in Iraq.”
They added that the Sun had paid “a small sum” for the pictures, which they would only say was more than £500, though the true figure is likely to have been considerably higher.
They also said that: “The Sun obtained the pictures by professional journalistic methods, and by any standards this is an extraordinary scoop as shown by the way it has been followed in the world's media.”
Mr Dudman is one of 52 people who have been arrested as part of Operation Elveden, Scotland Yard's investigation into alleged corrupt payments to public officials.
The photographs of Saddam were examined by US military experts, who said their appearance and the location where they were taken suggested they had been taken around a year before they were published.
Saddam was executed 18 months after the pictures were published.
James Tillen, a lawyer specialising in the Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act at Miller Chevalier, a leading Washington law firm, said the suggestion that the Sun might have paid a US official to obtain the pictures of Saddam Hussein was “very relevant” to on-going investigations into News Corporation.
“If the authorities are already looking into News Corp – and there is every indication that they are – this is definitely another piece of relevant information to consider," they said.
"The fact that the Sun may be incorporated in the UK certainly wouldn't be a complete inoculation from being punished in the United States, if they were shown to have made a payment to a US official. That's certainly something the Department of Justice could be looking into, if these allegations are true."
Under the Foreign and Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) companies in the US have to show that they have not paid bribes to foreign officials, and most also show that they and their foreign affiliates have used their company funds for legal purposes.
“The FCPA applies to public companies such as News Corp and requires them to maintain certain controls, to ensure that their money is spent for legitimate things. And also a part that requires them to keep accurate books and records,” said Mr Tillen.
“Establishing a pattern of bribery may have implications on the anti-bribery side, but would also have implications on the internal control side, because they would suggest that News Corp wasn't maintaining a system of policies and controls to show that their money was going for legitimate activities.”
A spokesperson for News Corp said: "This is just a lame attempt to regurgitate old news. All of this was widely reported on in 2005. We didn't believe then, and certainly don't believe now, that it was wrong to acquire and publish newsworthy photographs of a notorious war criminal."
News International declined to comment.
In much of California's flat, sunny San Joaquin Valley, canals deliver the irrigation water that has made the state an agricultural powerhouse, supplying one-third of vegetables and two-thirds of fruit and nuts eaten in the United States. But along the west side of the valley, some fields are sprouting not crops, but solar panels.
The water that made this agricultural land productive also spelled its doom. Because most water contains salt, irrigating adds salt to soil over time, especially in arid and semi-arid places with little rainfall and poor drainage.
“Anytime you use water, you leave salt behind,” said Jeanne Chilcott, environmental program manager for the Central Valley Regional Water Quality Control Board. “The salt moves where the water goes.”
An agency that allocates water to farmers in Fresno and Kings counties in central California, Westlands Water District, has retired 88,000 acres because the soil is now too saline to grow food. The district is buying the tainted land from farmers, reallocating their water rights to other growers, and then selling the land for other purposes such as solar farms. “We have about a dozen solar projects that are somewhere in the works,” said Gayle Holman, public affairs representative for Westlands.
Farm fields turned to other uses are a threat to food security in a time when the human population is booming. The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that we need to increase food production by 70 percent to feed the projected 9.1 billion people the world is expected to hold in 2050. But salt isn't a new problem.
The bane of agriculture dating back to when the practice first emerged 10,000 years ago in Mesopotamia, salt ruined formerly rich alluvial land between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in modern-day Syria and Iraq. Today some of that land is still unusable, said Steve Grattan, a soil scientist at U.C. Davis.
Soil salinization is complicated, though. Where it happens and how severely depends upon the soil itself, the irrigation water quality, and underground geology and hydrology.
Solutions, likewise, are complicated and case specific. Fixes include flushing the soil with cleaner water, installing drains underground to collect salt for deposit in a central location, planting more salt-tolerant crops — or in some cases, abandoning the land for other uses, such as Westlands' solar farms.
Salt Worldwide
Globally about 62 million hectares of cropland, an area the size of France, have been spoiled by salt, up from 45 million hectares in the early 1990s, according to a 2014 study by U.N. University's Canadian-based Institute for Water, Environment and Health. That's about 20 percent of the world's irrigated lands.
Each week, the world loses an area larger than Manhattan to salt degradation, adding up to more than $27 billion lost in crop value per year.
Some of the worst affected areas include the lands around the Aral Sea in Central Asia; between the Indus and Ganges rivers in India and Pakistan; the Yellow River in China; the Euphrates River in Syria and Iraq; the Murray and Darling rivers in Australia; and California's San Joaquin Valley, the southern half of the 450-mile-long Central Valley that spans most of the length of the state.
Parts of Colorado, Utah, Montana, New Mexico, and South and North Dakota are also troubled by saline soils.
Healthy soils are the foundation of global food production, said Moujahed Achouri, director of the Land and Water Division at U.N.'s Food and Agriculture Organization, at a global soil conference in Rome in 2015. However, the level of soil degradation — estimated at 33 percent globally — is “alarming” and has the potential to threaten food security and send many people into poverty, Achouri said.
Salinity is one cause of soil degradation, along with erosion, compaction, acidification, chemical pollution, and nutrient depletion.
Because of the importance of agriculture in California's San Joaquin Valley, addressing its salt problem is a top priority for state agriculture agencies. According to the U.N. study, worldwide, the agriculture industry loses $27.3 billion annually due to saline soils.
Sacrificing the Salton
The Central Valley, of which the San Joaquin Valley is the southern half, was once a vast inland sea, which means its sediment is rich — but also somewhat salty. Early farmers, starting in the 1880s, rinsed salt from the soil by flooding it with irrigation water, moving the salt away from plants' root zones so crops could grow, said Don Suarez, lab director of the US Department of Agriculture Salinity Laboratory in Riverside, Calif.
The process, called leaching, has improved the soil of Terranova Ranch, located southwest of Fresno, California, in the San Joaquin Valley. Today the soil is less salty than when general manager Don Cameron started working there in 1981. “It's turned into productive farmland,” they said. But, they cautioned, that only works when the water you use is low in salt. “The water quality is going to determine the salt in the soil.”
Unfortunately, some soil in the Central Valley, especially on the western side, sits atop a shallow layer of clay that is impermeable to water. So if growers try to cleanse salt from soil, the water will collect atop the clay and rise up toward the surface, drowning the roots and surrounding them with salty water, killing the plants.
Farmers faced with this dilemma basically have one option, and it's expensive, requires regional coordination and infrastructure, and has an abysmal track record. It involves installing drains underground, atop the clay, that funnel water to pipes that carry it elsewhere, Grattan said.
The first time California growers tried this approach, the Salton Sea was chosen as a sacrifice zone. Not a sea at all but a geologic depression, the Salton Sea was accidentally filled with Colorado River water in the early 20th century. In 1928, Congress designated it as a depository for agricultural runoff from neighboring Imperial Valley farmers who use drains above clay to evacuate their salty water.
As water evaporates from the closed basin, the Salton Sea gets more and more salty, Grattan said, and nitrates, pesticides, and naturally occurring selenium are also concentrating.
These have already caused periodic fish kills and are worrisome for other wildlife, as the Salton Sea has become an important stop for migratory birds on the Pacific Flyway as other lakes and wetlands have been lost to development.
In the 1960s and '70s, Westlands Water District planned to build a series of reservoirs to collect drainage water before moving it out to San Francisco Bay. But funding ran out after building just one, Kesterson, and the water evaporated there, leaving behind salts, boron, molybdenum, and particularly selenium, Grattan said, which deformed birds.
“Developing embryos had twisted beaks,” Grattan said. “Some were born without eyes.” Legs and wings were also deformed, brains protruded. The horror killed the project politically, making the only option to abandon the farmland.
State Plan
Yet salt in the San Joaquin Valley continues to increase, especially during drought years. That's because, during droughts, California's farms and cities rely on groundwater for up to 60 percent of their freshwater supply, up from 35 percent in non-drought years, and groundwater tends to be saltier than river water. People have been using groundwater faster than it naturally replenishes, dropping water levels deeper underground.
Pumping groundwater near the coast can leave a vacuum, sucking in increased seawater, Grattan said. Affected coastal areas include Salinas to Monterey to Oxnard to Lompoc, they said. Climate scientists predict the future will bring more frequent, intense droughts to the semi-arid state.
Also, many growers in the San Joaquin rely on imported water from the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta, which is saltier in drought years when lower river flows don't push back ocean tides as much, Grattan said.
“More salt is coming into the valley than leaving it,” said Daniel Cozad, executive director of CV-SALTS (Central Valley Salinity Alternatives for Long-term Sustainability), a collaboration of stakeholders studying possible solutions to salt and nitrate problems.
So despite the Kesterson catastrophe, the idea of moving salty water out to the ocean is getting another look. This time the state water boards are supporting a long-range study headed up by CV-SALTS. After 10 years' work, CV SALTS recently put out a report recommending building a “brine line” that would take the water to the bay, probably exiting at East Bay Municipal Utility District, a public water agency serving Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
This time, however, the water would be cleaned of uranium, vanadium, selenium, nutrients, and ammonia in a series of treatment plants along the west side of the valley. The brine would be cleaned to current environmental standards for discharge into the ocean, Cozad said, similar to effluent from a sewage treatment plant.
To protect wildlife, evaporation basins could haze birds to keep them away, while creating another attractive wetland habitat nearby with freshwater to lure them over there. Evaporation ponds would likely also be lined to prevent seepage into groundwater, where contaminants could harm drinking water supplies, said the water quality board's Chilcott.
The project plan — which the Central Valley's Regional Water Quality Control Board accepted on March 9 and began planning to implement — would require funds from local, state, and federal sources. Saline soil is everyone's problem, Cozad said.
People across the US eat food from the Central Valley. And, it's not just agriculture, they added. Goods processing and other industries, wastewater treatment plants … “all those folks have salt to manage,” they said.
Some Like It Salty
To some extent, growers can choose crops less sensitive to salt. Terranova Ranch grows 20 to 25 conventional and organic crops. “We know the pistachios are more tolerant to salt,” Cameron said. “We have some ground where water quality might be a little bit worse, so we'll tend to put salt tolerant crops on that ground.”
However, farmers in the Central Valley have increasingly moved toward high-value crops like tree nuts, fruits and vegetables to get the most out of scarce water. Unfortunately, Grattan said, “It's like Murphy's Law: those crops that have the most economic value are typically the most salt sensitive. Almonds, peaches, plums … all salt sensitive.”
To help them, Suarez's team at the USDA soil salinity lab is studying which rootstocks for popular crops like strawberries and avocados are most salt tolerant.
Grattan explained that a rootstock from one variety of plant can be grafted onto another, fusing together. “Genetically, the bottom part of the plant is a different variety than the top part,” they said.
Crosses can be done with or without GMOs, said Suarez. Right now their team is not using GMOs; they are identifying genes responsible for salt tolerance and doing traditional breeding based on that information.
“Growers can benefit almost immediately by our screening process,” Suarez said. “We can tell them which varieties currently available are more salt tolerant. Down the road, we'll be providing salt-tolerant lines that commercial breeders could use.”
Ultimately, though, some farmland is unsalvageable. Like Westlands' retired acreage gone solar, some land is better put to other uses. Although it's lost to crop production, it can have other societal benefits like clean energy. And for a solar facility, building on land already used by humans — as opposed to wild desert habitat, avoids many conflicts with desert tortoises and San Joaquin kit foxes.
“Our goal is to keep prime farmland farming,” said Westlands' Holman. “But we have had some circumstances where some land is not farmable. And that's where this becomes a good partner for that land.”
Demi-English below.
Cadere sotto spade e scudo, quest'azione a volte non è compresa fino in fondo, il che porta ad una pura e semplice “imitazione” del gesto per far collimare le tavole con l'interpretazione.
Partiamo analizzando la situazione: L'allievo regge Halpschilt, il prete la prima guardia. L'allievo ha quindi innegabilmente guadagnato il centro e minaccia con la punta l'avversario che è fuori dalla distanza di punta portata con il solo braccio esteso, ma è ad una distanza di punta e spostamento del piede. Questo vorrebbe dire che se la punta venisse eseguita, il prete potrebbe legarla e trasportarla fuori linea facilmente, al solo tempo della mano.
D'altro canto però, il prete non può attaccare l'allievo, essendo che vi è la punta dell'avversario a porre una minaccia costante. La scelta che ne consegue è quindi quella di legare in un modo particolare, abbassando il baricentro (e quindi le spalle) il prete lega alla base dell'arma avversaria incrementando la gittata ma mantenendo il suo bersaglio grande fuori portata ideale. La posizione che assume (come è specificato nel testo dal prete) è simile ad Halpshilt ma più estesa, e la mano della spada è affiancata a quella del brocchiero, risulta quindi in una punta “scarica” per ciò che concerne l'estensione del braccio. Ciò che è importante però è che la punta sia al centro e che l'arma sia saldamente presente (questo mi fa da un punto di vista meramente personalmente dubitare dei tagli tondi per legare sotto spada e scudo). L'avversario non può quindi portare la punta o l'azione risulterebbe in una doppia uccisione (che l'allievo può comunque evitare in un modo molto semplice, ma per ora tralasciamolo), la scelta è quindi quella di controlegare l'arma avversaria per riguadagnare il centro, spostando e controllando la punta avversaria, per entrare a misura.
E se chi regge Halpshilt accrescesse e tirasse la punta molto velocemente, come farebbe una buona percentuale dei praticanti moderni? E' certo che se l'avversario che regge la prima guardia non reagisce al cambio repentino di misura dell'avversario, la punta partirà alla nuova distanza (di mano) e sarà un tempo della mano corto contro un tempo della mano lungo. Quindi potrebbe benissimo entrare. Purtroppo però questa azione si basa sul caso e non sulla logica, e sulla logica si basa un'arte marziale, o non sarebbe arte, sarebbe “uccidersi” o “picchiarsi”.
La scelta di chi regge halpschilt di non tirare la punta è meramente dettata da un fattore di autoconservazione e dalla logica, così come il cadere sotto spada e scudo in risposta, il controlegamento come contro-risposta e il colpo di scudo a seguire. Ogni azione parziale o abbozzata al di fuori di questo schema può entrare, ma non entrare “in sicurezza”. Un combattimento può essere illogico, ma non un'arte marziale.
Federico
Falling under sword and shield, this action is sometimes not fully understood, which leads to a mere “imitation” of the gesture to coincide with the interpretation tables.
We start by analyzing the situation: The student holds Halpschilt, the priest the first guard. The student then has undeniably earned the center and threaten the opponent with the thrust that is out of the distance of the only arm extended, but it is at thrust distance and foot movement. This would mean that if the thrust is performed, the priest bind it and carry it out easily offline, using the only time of the hand.
But on the other hand, the priest can not attack the student, being that there is an opponent tip to put a constant threat. The action that follows is therefore to bind in a particular way, by lowering the center of gravity (and so the shoulders), the priest binds to the opponent sword base by increasing their range but keeping its large target out of reach. The position assumed (as is specified in the text by the priest) it is similar to Halpshilt but more extended, and the sword of the hand is joined to that of the buckler. What is important though is that the tip is in the center and that the weapon is firmly present (this makes me from a purely personal point of view doubts about mittlehau binding cuts under sword and shield). The opponent then can not bring the thrust or action would result in a double hit (which the student can still avoid in a very simple way, but for now I don't take this in consideration), the choice is then to counterbind the priest weapon to regain the center, moving the enemy tip offline, to get in range.
And if those who use Halpshilt step in and thrust very quickly, as a good percentage of modern practitioners would probably do? Is certain that if your opponent holding the first guard does not react to the sudden change of opponent distance, the tip will start at the new distance (hand) and will be a short time of the hand against a long time of hand. So it could enter. Unfortunately, this action is based on the luck and not on logic, and logic is the base of martial arts, or it would not be art, it would be”killing” or “beat someone”.
The choice of who holds halpschilt to not thrust is purely dictated by a factor of self-preservation and logic, as well as to fall under the sword and shield in response, the counterbind as a counter-response and the shieldstrike that follow also. Each partial action or sketched outside of this scheme can enter, but can't enter “safely.”
A fight can be unrational, but a martial art can't or it's not art at all.
Federico
Advertisements
In an email sent to Logitech customers and confirmed via Logitech's phone support, owners of Harmony Link devices will be in for an unpleasant surprise come March 16, 2018. Logitech is going to intentionally brick the Harmony Link that allows users to control home theater and other sound equipment using an app. The device was released in 2011.
Update: Logitech is offering Harmony Link owners a free Hub following backlash
This certainly raises a lot of red flags considering that paying customers who purchased hardware will no longer be able to use their devices. Upon purchase, users were not trying to buy a subscription or other service that requires ongoing payments. Logitech is offering up to a 35% discount off of a new Harmony Hub, but this seems like a rather poor way to try and get return customers.
The full text of the email sent to Logitech customers can be found below.
Dear [Customer Name], This is an important update regarding your Harmony Link. On March 16, 2018, Logitech will discontinue service and support for Harmony Link. Your Harmony Link will no longer function after this date. Although your Harmony Link is no longer under warranty, we are offering you a 35% discount on a new Harmony Hub. Harmony Hub offers app-based remote control features similar to Harmony Link, but with the added benefit of the ability to control many popular connected home devices. To receive your discounted Harmony Hub, go to logitech.com, add Harmony Hub to your cart, and use your personal one-time promotional code [promo code] during checkout. Thank you for being a Logitech customer and we hope you will take advantage of this offer to upgrade to a new Harmony Hub.If you have any questions or concerns about Harmony Link, please email the Harmony customer care team. Regards, Logitech Harmony Team
For now, Logitech customers are given no choice but to hand over more cash for new hardware if they want to continue using their Harmony Link hub and apps. From a consumer standpoint, this is absolutely unacceptable. To be clear, this refers to Harmony Link with model number 915-000144 and was originally released on October 1, 2011. The MSRP was $99.99 for the Harmony Link although is no longer being sold at this time.
Google continues to “obfuscate the distinction between online tracking and behavioural advertising”, says top EU security agency.
Opting out of targeted behavioural advertising is a dud choice, say two leading privacy researchers, who are urging lawmakers in Europe to enforce Do Not Track (DNT) browser preferences.
As of last week's Chrome 23 release all major browsers -- Internet Explorer, Chrome, and Firefox -- have shipped with a DNT feature, meaning that browsers can send a HTTP header “DNT:1” to websites that reflect a user's preference not to be tracked.
The technology-enabled policy tool promises a simple way for consumers to tell any internet service that they do not want to be tracked, meaning Facebook, Twitter and Google users should be able to tell the respective networks that they do not want visits to be tracked on pages containing Google+, Like and Tweet buttons.
As it stands, however, users merely need to visit a site with these buttons in order to be tracked, which may not be a problem for many sites, but could be when they visit health related ones.
Without enforcement, DNT plays second fiddle to the lesser choice of opting out of the self-regulated online behavioural advertising (OBA) industry, Stanford University privacy researcher Arvind Narayanan and Claude Casterluccia from France's INRIA argue in a pitch to European policymakers on behalf of the European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA).
“Much of the debate today focuses on OBA instead of tracking. For example, some advertising companies interpret DNT as an opt-out of targeted behavioural ads, linking DNT to the industry self-regulatory programme,” the pair write.
“Tracking is the problem – not behavioural advertising. DNT should be interpreted as a request for not being tracked by third parties, either directly or with the help of first parties.”
Narayanan was one of the first researchers to tackle a common claim by online companies that collecting and sharing anonymised data about users posed little risk to them. They proved that wrong by attaching identities to anaonymised data that was exposed through a Netflix marketing campaign aimed at exploiting the crowd to improve its movie recommendation algorithm.
User education could help, however they argue it is weakened by users' expectation of “free” and corrupted by the likes of Google, which continues to “obfuscate the distinction between online tracking and behavioural advertising”.
The pair argue that policymakers should demand more meaningful privacy policies and work towards control tools that help users understand how their data is being used.
Government could also employ fingerprinting tools to monitor violations of user preferences and deal with the offshoring problem by preventing local ‘first parties' from doing business with non-compliant off-shore ‘third-parties'.
Follow @CSO_Australia and sign up to the CSO Australia newsletter.
Join the newsletter! Join Or Sign in with LinkedIn
Sign in with LinkedIn Sign in with Facebook Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Membership is free, and your security and privacy remain protected. View our privacy policy before signing up. Error: Please check your email address.
GREGORY: Do you regret using those words, and whether you think women should give some weight to those issues in deciding to vote for you?
BUCK: I think women, as well as men, are concerned about jobs and the economy and spending and other issues. ... Rape case came into our office, it was reviewed by an attorney -- a prosecutor -- with 30 years prosecutorial experience who's now on the Colorado Court of Appeals. They declined to prosecute. Two female chief deputies reviewed the case, talked witnesses -- they declined to prosecute. Case went to another chief deputy who had handled many of the high-profile rape cases in the Denver metro area. They declined to prosecute. I met with this young lady, explained the circumstances. I then sent the case to the Boulder County District Attorney's office for Boulder County because they had a lot of experience with date rape as a result of the University of Colorado being in that county. They declined to prosecute and told me the case couldn't be prosecuted. It was after the young lady made this case public that I had to explain to the newspaper exactly --
GREGORY: But you regret either the way you talked to them or talked about the case??
BUCK: I don't regret the way I talked to them I think it is important a prosecutor approach a victim with a certain amount of reality, and that's what I tried to do with this victim. I didn't blame them at all.
GREGORY: So what about what you told The Greeley Tribune?
BUCK: What I told The Greeley Tribune -- I gave them five or six reasons why I thought a jury could decline these. One of the reasons was the fact that they had regretted this relationship. They had buyer's remorse as a result of the relationship that they had with this young man. That is something that I think, when someone decides to make a case public, the public has to understand why.
World of Wonder Productions, the production house behind Logo's long-running “RuPaul's Drag Race” reality competition, wants to turn breakout performers from the series into bigger digital stars.
The L.A.-based company this spring plans to launch two original unscripted series featuring former contestants on the cable show. “Haus of Edwards” will provide an in-depth look at the life of famous drag queen Justin Johnson — known by their stage name, Alyssa Edwards — along with their “drag daughter” Laganja Estranja (Jay Jackson) following Justin's frenetic life running their dance studio, filled with diva dancers, their deeply involved moms, and crazy staff. “Detox's Life Rehab” stars sharp-witted Detox offering serious life hacks with weekly surprise guests to share their own secrets about how to make life less of a… drag.
The two shows are the first products of an expanded investment by WOW in digital programming for 2017, aimed at growing total audience reach and providing a showcase for its talent partners both in front of and behind the camera, said co-founder Fenton Bailey. “Our goal is to create engaging content with truly original voices across all platforms,” they said. “Justin and Detox bring a unique combination of comedy and drama to everything they do.”
Related Lady Gaga to Appear on Season 9 Premiere of ‘RuPaul's Drag Race'
WOW greenlit “Haus of Edwards” and “Detox's Life Rehab” with a digital release in mind — as opposed to taking them to a linear TV network, according to Randy Barbato, the company's other co-founder. But they might migrate across platforms down the line. “We see the modern role of production companies as expanding beyond just pitching shows to networks,” Barbato said. “The success of these series will feed back into the excitement for ‘Drag Race,' which is a benefit to all.”
And with digital, there are fewer constraints than in the TV world, Bailey noted. “It's exciting to tell stories of any length, not worrying where the commercial break is, and having freedom from [network] standards and practices,” they said.
Bailey added that there's a growing talent pool in the drag world, and that the “art form” is becoming more mainstream. For example, during the Women's March last month in Washington, D.C., they said, “you saw all these signs that said ‘Sashay away' [a RuPaul catchphrase] — all these ‘Drag Race' expressions manifesting themselves.”
The company's investment in new digital programming this year includes the March premiere of the ninth season of digital series “Untucked: RuPaul's Drag Race,” which gives fans a behind-the-scenes look at the Logo show's cast. “Untucked” also runs on the WOW Presents channel on YouTube.
“Haus of Edwards” and “Detox's Life Rehab” will run on WOW Presents, the company's YouTube channel that has about 600,000 subscribers. Both series will be eight episodes, running roughly 30 minutes. World of Wonder is targeting premiere dates in late April, to coincide with its RuPaul's DragCon convention in L.A. set for April 29-30, with eps to be released weekly.
As part of its ramped-up digital strategy, World of Wonder has hired Todd Radnitz, who rejoined the company late last year as senior VP of creative and digital overseeing digital production and a slate of TV production. Radnitz, a former showrunner at WOW, had previously been Bravo's VP of production. “He has this incredible, broad range of skills, and they completely understand the WOW sensibility,” Barbato said.
In addition, Tom Wolf, who has spent eight years as VP of production with WOW and helped establish its YouTube presence, has been promoted to COO. Thairin Smothers, who manages WOW's talent relationships across traditional and digital platforms, has been elevated to senior VP of talent and in the new role they are tasked with developing deals with leading online content creators.
World of Wonder's digital business is not yet profitable, but in the past two years “we've been getting closer to getting into the black,” Barbato said. By spending more on digital-targeted programming, WOW is hoping to turn the corner. “If you want to demonstrate something has legs, you have to commit to it,” they said.
In 2016, the WOW Presents channel on YouTube grew views 53% and now has almost 300 million views to date. The channel currently airs 12 weekly original series with a new episode every day. In addition, the company operates the WOW Presents Network, comprising more than 150 YouTube partner creators who collectively have nearly half a billion cumulative views and over 2.2 million subscribers. The WOW Report blog receives more than 1 million visitors per month.
WOW's digital content is ad-supported today, but Bailey said the company is exploring introducing its own subscription VOD service.
Pictured above (l. to r.): Detox, Alyssa Edwards, Laganja Estranja
Share this infographic on your site!
Source: Master of Finance Degrees Embed this infographic on your site!
Source: Master of Finance Degrees
The editors at Master of Finance Degrees decided to research the topic of U.S. vs China: Superpower Showdown These giants boast the world's largest economies and active militaries, their decisions influencing politics at a global level. Despite a massive trade agreement and many diplomatic meetings, the two nations struggle to maintain the semblance of a civil relationship. As pressure mounts from U.S. leaders, China remains unfazed, cooly growing its military and economy. See how these two titans of industry and power measure up when pitted head-to-head. Economics
- China
- GDP: $7.298 trillion
- GDP Growth: 9.2%
- Revenue: 1.646 Trillion
- Expenditures: 1.729 Trillion
- Budget Deficit: -1.1% of GDP
- Exports: 1.904 Trillion
- Percentage in Poverty: 13.4%
- Unemployment: 6.5%
- Labor Force: 795.5 Million
- United States
- GDP: 15.29 Trillion
- GDP Growth: 1.7%
- Revenue: 2.303 Trillion
- Expenditures: 3.599 Trillion
- Budget Deficit: -8.6% of GDP
- Exports: 1.497 Trillion
- Percentage in Poverty: 15.1%
- Unemployment: 9%
- Labor Force: 153 Million
- "Trade" Is A 4-Letter Word
- The politics of American-Chinese economic relations
- "These guys [China] are after us, and looking for ways to harm us, economically at least" - Mitt Romney
- "We don't want [China] taking advantage of the United States or U.S. business" - President Barack Obama
- "[The U.S. and china must] act in ways that mutually benefit, show mutual understanding and allow mutual coordination" - Liu Weimin, a spokesperson for China's Foreign Ministry Civil Liberties Ratings are on a scale of 1 (best) to 7 (worst)
- China
- Overall: 6
- Political rights: 7
- Press freedom: 139th worldwide
- Economic freedom: 118th worldwide
- Number of citizens incarcerated out of 100,000: 121 (124th worldwide)
- United States
- Overall: 1
- Political rights: 1
- Press freedom: 10th worldwide
- Economic freedom: 4th worldwide
- Number of citizens incarcerated out of 100,000: 730 (1st worldwide) Population Power
- China
- Total population: 1.343 Billion
- Population growth: 0.481%
- Birth rate: 12.31 Births/1,000
- Death rate: 7.17 Deaths/1,000
- Male to female birth ratio: 1.13 male / female
- United States
- Total Population: 3.13 Million
- Population Growth: 0.899%
- Birth Rate: 13.68 births/1,000 population
- Death Rate: 8.39 deaths/1,000 population
- Male to female birth ratio: 1.05 male / female Military Supremacy
- China
- Manpower Available For Service:
- males age 16-49: 385,821,101
- females age 16-49: 363,789,674
- Military Expenditures: 4.3% of GDP (2006)
- Active military force: 2.3 million members (world's largest)
- United States
- Manpower Available for Service
- males age 16-49: 73,270,043
- females age 16-49: 71,941,969
- Military Expenditures: 4.06% of GDP (2005 est.)
- $550 billion annually with an additional $160 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations
- That's 43% of global military spending!
- Active military force: 1.5 million
Education
- China
- Adult literacy
- total population: 92.2%
- male: 96%
- female: 88.5%
- School Life Expectancy
- total: 12 years
- male: 11 years
- female: 12 years
- International Rankings
- Math: #1
- Science: #1
- Reading: #1
- United States
- Adult literacy
- total population: 99%
- male: 99%
- female: 99%
- School Life Expectancy
- total: 16 years
- male: 15 years
- International Rankings
- Math: #31
- Science: #23
- Reading: #17 Final Score
- China: 2
- U.S.: 3 The U.S. needs to rethink its education policies and implement some economic reform if it's going to stay ahead of China's explosive growth!
"This type of behavior inside one of our stores is completely unacceptable and we are notifying the individuals involved that they are no longer welcome on Walmart property. Once we were aware of this situation, a member of our management immediately called the police and we are continuing to work with them on this matter."
One of two women who were caught on camera fighting in the shampoo aisle at an Indiana Walmart has been arrested, ABC affiliate WRTV reports.Police arrested Amber Stephenson, 34, on preliminary charges of child neglect, a felony, and contributing to the delinquency of a minor, a misdemeanor.The video, posted to YouTube on June 4 , shows Stephenson begin fighting with Rebecca Mills, 39. Stephenson can be heard telling their 6-year-old son to hit Mills in the face. The child complies and is seen hitting Mills with their fists and with shampoo bottles.There were several onlookers who watched the fight, but none of them stepped in to stop it.Police then began working to identify the two women in the video. On Wednesday, Stephenson came forward and tried to defend themselves on a radio show."(The woman) was sitting there yelling at an employee at Walmart, and they were telling them that they were a (expletive) and that they were going to get out of the chair and whoop their (expletive)," Stephenson told the Smiley Morning Show . "She used the 'n-word,' so in my defense, I was standing up for the employee."Police arrested Stephenson two days after that radio interview. Prosecutors tell WRTV that Mills will not face any charges related to the fight.Walmart did issue a statement to WXIN-TV , reading in part:
With its head crest and presumably feathered forelegs, the discovery and description of the new dinosaur was announced by the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, University of Utah and the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History. (Courtesy of Bob Walters)
Scientists have discovered a freakish, birdlike species of dinosaur — 11 feet long, 500 pounds, with a beak, no teeth, a bony crest atop its head, murderous claws, prize-fighter arms, spindly legs, a thin tail and feathers sprouting all over the place. Officially, it's a member of a group of dinosaurs called oviraptorosaurs.
Unofficially, it's the Chicken From Hell.
That's the nickname the scientists have been using. It's the term in the news release associated with the discovery. This dino-bird is not literally a chicken, or even a bird. It's definitely a dinosaur, and it lived at the end of the Cretaceous period, from about 68 million to 66 million years ago.
“It would look like a really absurd, stretched-out chicken,” said paleontologist Emma Schachner of the University of Utah, one of the scientists describing the new species.
“It would have been a cross between a chicken and a lizard,” said Tyler Lyson, a paleontologist at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, who excavated some of the fossils on their uncle's North Dakota ranch in 1999.
These shaded illustrations of some of the bones from the new dinosaur were drawn by Emma Schachner, a University of Utah postdoctoral fellow in biology.  They are among four authors of a study of the bird-like, sharp-clawed, 11½-foot-long creature. (Emma Schachner/University of Utah)
The fossils of three specimens of the new dinosaur were found in a sedimentary rock layer known as the Hell Creek Formation in three locations in North and South Dakota. The formation, the scientists said, helped inspire the nickname.
But there's also the matter of appearance: It's an unsettling beast. It looks like it could stomp you, rip you to pieces or simply peck you to death. Chances are, once you have the image of the Chicken From Hell in your head, you will never think of it as anything other than the Chicken From Hell.
It's a big animal, the biggest oviraptorosaur species found in North America. The creature brings to mind a huge flightless bird, such as an ostrich or emu. The weird crest on its head, which resembles half a dinner plate turned vertically, looks like that of a cassowary. The new dinosaur is loaded with biological accessories and adaptations, as if evolution had been inspired by a Swiss Army knife.
“This group of dinosaurs looks really bizarre even by dinosaurian standards,” said Hans-Dieter Sues, another Smithsonian paleontologist and a co-author of the paper — “A New Large-Bodied Oviraptorosaurian Theropod Dinosaur From the Latest Cretaceous of Western North America” — published Wednesday in the journal PLOS One.
In the final line of “The Origin of Species,” Charles Darwin famously wrote of the “grandeur” of natural selection, through which “endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved” — but they never saw this animal from a Colonel Sanders nightmare.
The scientific name of the new species is Anzu wyliei — “Anzu” is from a mythological creature; “wyliei” is after the grandson of a patron of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh, which acquired the fossils and where the research has been conducted. Carnegie Museum paleontologist Matthew Lamanna, the lead author of the new study, and their colleagues spent close to a decade figuring out how the disarticulated bones of the three specimens fit together.
There aren't many dinosaurs known from the end-Cretaceous period. This has led some scientists to argue that dinosaurs were petering out when the final whammy came in the form of a large asteroid that struck the Earth near the Yucatán peninsula.
Stars on the map indicate sites in North and South Dakota where fossils were discovered. A study formally describing and naming the bird-like dinosaur is being published by researchers from the Carnegie Museum of Natural History, the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History and the University of Utah. (Carnegie Museum of Natural History)
But now comes Anzu, adding another genus to the dinosaur bestiary.
Anzu also reminds everyone of the birdiness of dinosaurs, and the dinosaur-ness of birds. Paleontologists can become dyspeptic when they hear that dinosaurs are extinct. Not so: Birds are dinosaurs.
Anzu is from the line of non-avian dinosaurs that went extinct at the end of the Cretaceous. Some of the birdiness of Anzu reflects “convergent” evolution, Lamanna said. Its ancestors had teeth, but it has none, meaning that the beak — a very birdy feature — evolved as an adaptation independently of the beak in the evolutionary line of true birds. That's true also of the birdy crest on the head.
“It would have had a lot of birdy behaviors,” Lamanna said.
“When people think of a dinosaur, they think of something like a T. rex or a brontosaurus, and when they think of a bird, they think of something like a sparrow or a chicken. This animal, Anzu, has a mosaic of features of both of those groups, and so it basically provides a really nice link in the evolutionary chain.”
Nature likes birdiness, it appears.
Evolution has a sense of humor: Given enough time, and enough mutation, competition, selection pressure and hybridization, the forces of nature can turn a lizard into a Chicken From Hell.
Did it . . . cluck?
“We have no evidence that it clucked or crowed,” Lamanna said.
What would it have tasted like?
“I can't answer that question with any degree of certainty,” they said, but they suggested that it might have tasted a bit like alligator or ostrich.
Alligator famously tastes a little bit like chicken. But ostrich — an animal that is scientifically a dinosaur and is our closest analogue to the Chicken From Hell — tastes like beef.
PAX East folk! It's 2017 and Harmonix's very own Rock Band is turning 10 this year, which is the cause for celebration! Oh, and PAX is back on our home turf, we like that. So let's party!
After night one of PAX East, Harmonix is hosting a party just a hop, skip and a jump away from the Boston Convention Center at the Hard Rock Cafe Boston.
Learn more about our newest karaoke VR experience and play SingSpace™ for Samsung Gear VR! SingSpace will transport you to a futuristic stage at the other end of galaxy where you can belt out your favorite tunes in front of a cute robot crowd of karaoke connoisseurs!
Join us in celebrating Rock Band's 10th anniversary by checking out its VR debut! See what it's like to perform live, onstage with a demo of Rock Band VR! Try out RBVR's all new gameplay and discover rad new ways of ramping up the audience by adding in a little head banging, getting down on your knees, and shredding that guitar behind your head.
At 10:30pm, Boston-based band Tigerman WOAH will take the stage! This “Northshore livin, brown liquor drinkin', woah-singin' and no good-rotten” band has recently contributed a new track to The Record Company's latest collaborative album AND they're headlining our 10th Anniversary party with the Rock Band players (you!) as their supporting acts!
Attendees will receive a raffle ticket upon entry – stick around to the end of the night for a chance to win some rocking prizes! More details to come!
Please Note: This event is 21+ only. You'll need a valid photo ID in order to enter the venue. Eventbrite will store your name and email address so we can keep track of the guest list and send a party reminder closer to PAX East!
FAQs
Are there ID or minimum age requirements to enter the event?
You must be 21+ to attend
BookExpo America has announced the authors and books selected for this year's Editors' Buzz Forums. There will be three three separate buzz panels for adult, young adult, and middle grade titles.
The authors and titles were chosen by three committees of booksellers, librarians and other industry professionals.
ADULT EDITORS' BUZZ ‘15
BEA Adult Editors' Buzz
Wednesday, May 27
4:15 pm – 5:30 pm
Room 1E12/1E13/1E14
BEA Editors' Buzz Adult Books – Author Stage
Thursday, May 28
10:00 am – 10:45 am
Downtown Stage
Black Man in a White Coat: A Doctor's Reflections on Race and Medicine by Damon Tweedy
Publisher: Picador
Publication Date: September 1, 2015
City on Fire by Garth Risk Hallberg
Publisher: Alfred A. Knopf
Publication Date: October 20, 2015
Eileen by Ottessa Moshfegh
Publisher: Penguin Press
Publication Date: August 18, 2015
Home is Burning by Dan Marshall
Publisher: Flatiron Books
Publication Date: October 20, 2015
In A Dark, Dark Wood by Ruth Ware
Publisher: Scout Press
Publication Date: August 25, 2015
The Three-Year Swim Club: The Untold Story of Maui's Ditch Kids and Their Quest for Olympic Glory by
Julie Checkoway
Publisher: Grand Central Publishing
Publication Date: October 27, 2015
YOUNG ADULT (YA) EDITORS' BUZZ ‘15
BEA Young Adult Editors' Buzz
Thursday, May 28
10:00 am – 10:50 am
Room 1E12/1E13
BEA Young Adult Editors' Buzz – Author Stage
Friday, May 29
10:00 am – 10:30 am
Uptown Stage
Dream Things True by Marie Marquardt
Publisher: St. Martin's Griffin
Publication Date: September 1, 2015
Everything, Everything by Nicola Yoon
Publisher: Delacorte Press
Publication Date: September 1, 2015
Nightfall by Jake Halpern and Peter Kujawinski
Publisher: G.P. Putnam's Sons Books for Young Readers
Publication Date: October 13, 2015
The Death And Life Of Zebulon Finch, Volume 1: At The Edge Of Empire by Daniel Kraus
Publisher: Simon & Schuster Books for Young Readers
Publication Date: October 25, 2015
This Raging Light by Estelle Laure
Publisher: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books for Young Readers
Publication Date: January 5, 2016
MIDDLE GRADE EDITORS' BUZZ ‘15
BEA Middle Grade Editors' Buzz
Friday, May 29
11:00 am – 11:50 am
Room 1E12/1E13
BEA Middle Grade Editors' Buzz – Author Stage
Friday, May 29
1:00 am – 1:30 am
Uptown Stage
George by Alex Gino
Publisher: Scholastic Press
Publication Date: August 25, 2015
Last in a Long Line of Rebels by Lisa Lewis Tyre
Publisher: Nancy Paulsen Books
Publication Date: September 29, 2015
The Doldrums by Nicholas Gannon
Publisher: Greenwillow Books
Publication Date: September 29, 2015
The Entirely True Story of the Unbelievable FIB by Adam Shaughnessy
Algonquin Young Readers
Publication Date: September 8, 2015
The Thing About Jellyfish by Ali Benjamin
Little, Brown Books for Young Readers
Publication Date: September 15, 2015
Amin, Los Angeles
“I find myself in the middle of two fronts – sometimes fighting within the Muslim community for more tolerance of LGBT people, and at other times fighting queer people and non-Muslims against the rampant Islamophobia in this country. I feel like I'm obligated to educate people on both sides. At the same time, I don't feel the need to be validated by anyone. I don't feel any great inner turmoil because of the various components of my identity. Like, I don't necessarily feel excited by the prospect of a mosque for gay people. If there was a big mosque and people went and prayed together, I would still feel uncomfortable – gay or not. But I feel like people should have the right to do that. Is that weird? It sounds like I am in denial, doesn't it?”
El-Farouk and their husband Troy, Toronto
“Where I am at today is not necessarily where I started. And I could tell you where I am now and it would sound rather a happy place. But the journey to that place has not been an easy one. I started with the notion that it was sinful [to be gay] and that those who practiced it were problematic at best. But that didn't quite sort of seem right in the larger construct of the Quran and the Prophet that I believed to be true and actually had been taught. I don't believe that homosexuality is a sin because sexuality in Islam is not a sin. Sexuality is something that God has given. And in verse 49.13. Allah says, ‘I created you to different nations and tribes and you may know and learn from each other.' I just see queer folk as one of those nations or tribes.”
For their project ‘Being Queer, Feeling Muslim', photographer Lia Darjes met with a number of individuals across Europe and North America who identify with being both Muslim and gay. Here, they share their stories as they go about building their own progressive and inclusive communities in a society largely intolerant of homosexuality. In these defiant, pastel-hued portraits, Darjes captures them in a positive light treating them not as victims, but as courageous individuals striving for positive change.
What motivated you to start this series?
“I heard about this gay imam, who established a queer-friendly mosque-project in Paris. That fascinated me. Before I started working on this project I thought being queer and being Muslim were incompatible. We have all heard a lot of stories about gay Muslim victims, right?”
S‘s fishes. They would kill each other if they were in one single vessel.
How did you find the people you photographed and how did you build trust with your subjects?
“There are many initiatives, projects and organisations all around the world who deal with this topic in different variations. They are all very well connected with each other. Once I had a foot in the door, it was a lot easier to find people. Facebook was a very important tool in this process too.
Most of the time when I came to a city, I was invited to take part in a Friday-prayer or during Ramadan an Iftar (the meal eaten by Muslims after sunset during Ramadan). I would attend such occasions without my camera to get in contact with people. I would ask them to meet me for a coffee another day without any obligations, to be part of the project. I explained what I had in mind, and showed them some of my previous works. Most of the time I met them for two more sessions: once for the interview and a second time to take the portrait.”
Joey, Los Angeles
“I was a pretty strong atheist and then I came across a copy of Michael Muhammad Knight's novel ‘The Taqwacores' about a fictional Muslim punk movement that kind of became true after being published. I purchased it, read it in just a couple of days and it opened my eyes a lot more to the religion.[…] In a way, I was very orthodox in my thoughts when putting the LGBT community and Islam together. Because on first sight, it looks dark when you look in the Quran and the Hadiths, it clearly can't be OK. But then you can read other sources, other verses of the Quran, other Hadiths, and it gets clear that it is all a question of how you decide to interpret it.”
What did you find most challenging about working on this project?
“The fact that I am a non-Muslim heterosexual woman did not always help. I was often wondering whether I have the right to do such a project from such an outsider-perspective.”
What do you hope viewers will take away from these images and the corresponding interviews?
“As I mentioned already, before I started working on this project, I had no idea that such spaces and initiatives exist. For me this was a real positive surprise. I hope the viewer will also take away such a refreshing perspective on queer Muslim realities.”
Lia Darjes' work can be viewed at FORMAT Festival which runs until April 23 2017 in Derby, UK.
Ludovic, Paris
“In 2012, after I did not find one single imam in France who was willing to bury a transsexual Muslim, I founded a mosque that is open to all in Paris. The reactions were quite vehement. Being Muslim, Arabic and gay and thus a member of several minority groups opened my eyes: Minorities are being discriminated against particularly in times of economic crisis. We have to know more about Islam, and we have to understand who we actually are in order to fight homophobia.”
Jason, Los Angeles
“When I converted to Islam a couple of years ago, it [being gay] wasn't an issue for me. I had just realized that I wanted to be a Muslim, and being a Muslim at that moment, as a very early young Muslim, it was all about my connection with God, and getting close to God. A month later, I realized that I needed to look to what the Quran and everybody says about being gay. … And everything was extremely negative, very, very negative. And it was very disturbing to me.”
Saadiya, Toronto
“Being queer and Muslim means to me that I can be who God intended me to be. And for me, that is an educated woman, compassionate, caring and loving other people. I used to think that it was a negative thing, but the more I learned about myself and the more I learned about queer community, I learned that we are just like everybody else. We have the same needs that other people have. We have the same right as everybody else.”
Samira, Toronto
“I am from a country where it is punishable by death to be gay. 1979, when the Islamic Revolution began, my family immigrated to Canada, where I grew up pretty secular; maybe that was why I never had that moment of a coming out with my parents, I think they always knew that I am a lesbian. When 9/11 happened, all of a sudden I became Muslim, not because I was behaving differently but because people saw me differently. Just one look at my name and people act differently. Why don't they understand that there are so many different ways of Islam in different countries, different traditions, different shapes? Why can they accept it for Christianity and Judaism but not for Islam?”
Sara, New York
“For me, it has never been about reconciling. I feel both identities – being queer and Muslim – complete each other. And that I am able to be my best self when I embrace a 100% of what I represent. I celebrate my queerness and I celebrate my Islam. For me, there has never been a problem with me being queer in my Muslim community. Many people think that the Muslim community is one big thing, but it is not. We each create our own community. I don't know all of the almost two billion other Muslims. I know only those that I see every day as a part of my local community, who love me and who are there for me knowing my full self. For me, what has often been a problem is when I go to certain queer spaces where I experience a lot of Islamophobia. There, they usually think it is not possible to be Muslim and queer. I have to prove, then: It is possible, because I am here and I know many more people like me. Islam has never been a part of my life that I felt limited by, it has always been a source of strength. I feel that I come out as Muslim rather than coming out as queer. Many people have a very strong preconception of what a Muslim woman looks like and how they behave. And though, when I actually share this with people as something that is really important to me, they are often very confused.”
All images © Lia Darjes
Sitting at my parent's dinner table, eating way too many burnt Christmas cookies made me think about joining a gym, and – in turn – the promises we tell ourselves every January 1st. And that's when I had one of my #BigIdeas2016
Two weeks from now, after the holidays have faded away and all that's left are too many pairs of socks from relatives you haven't seen in a year and a membership to a gym that you'll never use, you will go back to work. But when you do, will the New Year be a new beginning for your company, or just another year of the same thing you do every year?
Just 30 or 40 years ago, progression and development was almost a guarantee at a company. Employees were looking for a career and were happy to find a company they could stay at for the rest of their lives.
When that was the norm, every employee was their own best teacher, plotting a course up the corporate ladder and learning and doing anything that would help. And over those years they would become experts in their area of the business. During that time, Learning and Development was focused on supplemental initiatives and onboarding. Since then, however, L&D has evolved into the key to a driving growth.
The Tenure Gap
Currently, the average employee spends around 4.5 years working at any one company. (The numbers are roughly half that when discussing Millennials)
So if we believe – as Malcolm Gladwell claims – that it takes 10,000 hours to become an expert in anything, then employees are moving on just as they become the best they're ever going to be. (52 weeks a year x 40 hours a week x 4.5 years = 9,360 hours!) Companies are then forced to hire someone new with less experience, expecting them to be able to do the same quality of work.
And even if you simply promote from within, you may still be asking someone to perform the job of someone twice as experienced as they are. This chasm between what a new employee is expected to do versus what the previous employee was able to do is what I call The Tenure Gap and every day it goes unfilled means lost productivity.
Now there are many ways to attempt to fill the Tenure Gap:
You could divide the work up across more people, but that will cost more money.
You could lean on the fact that workers are 75% more productive today, but you'd have to hope that won't plateau.
You could hire highly skilled talent from competitors, but that too requires a lot of money... money you could have probably used to keep the old employee there.
Or you could fill the Tenure Gap through training initiatives.
If you couldn't tell from my previous articles, I'm a fan of that final option.
Don't Start from the Beginning
All other options require an employee to start out as a blank slate, desperately trying to get up to speed. Training, on the other hand, allows the L&D department to act as a sort of checkpoint for knowledge and skills, allowing knowledge to be passed on between one employee and the next.
If you want to know how important this is, just take a moment and imagine if every time you wanted to show someone how to use a new piece of technology, you had to explain to them the entire history of human invention: From pointy sticks to iPads.
It would take forever, and the person still wouldn't be prepared to use the new piece of technology.
That is essentially what we are forcing people to do when we bring someone on to replace a senior employee. So it's no surprise that they often struggle.
Human knowledge is cumulative. So every time we learn, unlike most other animals, we have the ability to pass along our knowledge to those around us. Once the original employee is gone though, it is up to Training and Development to provide continuity.
Some companies already attempt this with their onboarding, but most onboarding is one-size-fits-all, "watch this video, now go to your desk" busy work designed only so companies can claim that employees were onboarded.
True onboarding needs to be done at a departmental and functional level. However, once you get to that size, balancing the needs of a department with the goals of the company become too great for individual trainers or even managers. It's easy for departments to start initiatives that won't move the company in the right direction. That's why if companies truly want to thrive in the new normal of the Job Hop Economy they need a Chief Learning Officer.
A Company: More than the Sum of its Parts
Ancient Greek historian Plutarch wrote of a paradox called The Ship of Theseus. In this paradox they pose a simple question: if a ship broke its mast and you replaced it, we would still say it was the same ship. If it then had a few planks replaced because they were rotted out, we would also say it was the same ship. But if over many years, each piece of the ship was replaced one-by-one, would it still be the same ship?
Most of us would say it was, which is good because companies work the same way.
We replace one employee at a time, and we expect it to be the same company, but each piece, each employee, must be able to completely replace the original. In order to do that, you need someone, a master ship builder who knows the needs of the ship just as well as they know the needs of that particular piece and can design a replacement.
To truly stretch this metaphor to its limit, if each broken piece was simply patched up by the nearest sailer with whatever was on hand; in time, not only would we say it wasn't the same ship, but it also wouldn't function as well. When we ask a new employee to get up to speed without honing and shaping them that is what we are doing: we are patching the ship.
So whether we are talking ships or companies, there needs to be someone in charge of making sure that each piece of the puzzle fits properly. That is what a Chief Learning Officer affords you.
And at this time of year, when we're all focused on self-improvement and self-development, it is the perfect time to add a CLO to your C-Suite.
In the next 5-10 years, employees will likely stay at a company for a shorter and shorter time, further widening The Tenure Gap. So, now is the time to fill the gap.
Trainers and managers can only do so much, the only long term solution to help your company grow is someone able to see not just the parts, but the entire ship. That is why you need a Chief Learning Officer in 2016.
_______________________________
If you want to know how you can improve your training programs to survive the Job Hop Economy, visit my profile and get in touch.
Nick Fox is a Learning and Development Specialist, author, and all around training guru, specializing in comprehensive curriculum and cultural design and well as career and leadership development. He's created hundreds of hours of training delivered online, face-to-face, and through blended channels to thousands of people.
I've been using Java for several years, but have never really yet felt the need for an IDE. I've toyed with Eclipse a bit, but for the most part my projects have been small enough that I've just done them in vim. At work I've begun using Java much more heavily, and have been introduced to IntelliJ IDEA. I really like it so far, and it's making me wonder how I ever made do without the awesome code completion and refactoring features of a great Java IDE. I've had a hard time finding a really good comparison of recent versions of the major IDEs (Eclipse, NetBeans and IntelliJ), so for those of you who have used a few different Java IDEs (or even those who have only used one), what are your favourite features, or the things you most missed when you switched IDEs. Which one would you recommend to someone new to the world of Java IDEs who hasn't yet developed too strong an allegiance?
GOP Congressmen Question The Need For $2 Billion To Fight Zika Virus
Enlarge this image toggle caption LM Otero/AP LM Otero/AP
Republican representatives continue to question the need for about $2 billion in emergency funding requested by the Obama administration to respond to the Zika virus.
Congressmen including Dr. Michael Burgess, R-Texas, asked in a hearing of an Energy and Commerce subcommittee Wednesday whether funds earmarked for combating the Ebola virus couldn't be transferred to the fight against Zika virus.
But federal health officials said there's only $9 million left of the original $238 million in funding the National Institutes of Health received for Ebola virus research.
"We don't have any really substantial money that's left on Ebola," said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
Taking that money away could cripple the effort to develop an Ebola vaccine and to continue studies on thousands of survivors in West Africa.
"Ebola is not over," said Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "As of today, 84 CDC top staff are in West Africa responding to the Ebola outbreak. Last month, labs in West Africa tested approximately 10,000 samples for Ebola. It was only in January that we had the most recent Ebola case in Sierra Leone. So we're still actively responding and tracking."
Still, some remain skeptical of the need for emergency supplemental funding.
"You're asking us for more money and you're saying it's an emergency. I might believe you more that it's an emergency if you would be willing to say, 'And we really don't want you to go down there,' " said Burgess, referring to the fact that the CDC has not told travelers to avoid countries with Zika transmission.
At this point, the CDC recommends that women who are pregnant or who could become pregnant limit travel to places with ongoing virus transmission.
"We need to give people information and allow them to make the choices," said Frieden. The concern is primarily for developing fetuses. In most adults, the virus is brief and mild.
Based on other research on similar viruses, one scientist said, a woman would likely only have to wait four weeks after having the virus to conceive a baby without worrying about the potential effects of Zika on the fetus. "It's about the only good news here," said Dr. Jeanne Sheffield, director of the Division of Maternal-Fetal Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
In Florida, where the mosquito that transmits the virus is abundant, one company is gearing up to test genetically engineered mosquitoes.
When these genetically engineered mosquitoes mate with wild mosquitoes, the resulting offspring can't reproduce. Fewer Aedes aegypti mosquitoes means less chance for Zika to spread.
Dr. Luciana Borio, acting chief scientist at the Food and Drug Administration, told the subcommittee that a British company, Oxitec, has done extensive field testing of the mosquitoes in Brazil, the Cayman Islands, Panama and Malaysia. It is now preparing for a test in Key Haven, Fla.
"What we don't know right now is where the public stands," Borio said. "So, what I can tell you right now is we are prepared to move very quickly on this."
As Shots has reported, despite aggressive efforts at mosquito control, which do not yet include genetically engineered insects, the Florida Keys Mosquito Control District has only been able to halve its population of Aedes aegypti.
"The data seems to be promising in terms of reducing the mosquito populations in those small field trials and we are greatly expediting the process," Borio said.
The trial in Florida can only start after a period of public comment on the potential environmental impact of releasing genetically modified mosquitoes. After the test, Oxitec would then need to get FDA approval for further use.
There are many factors to consider when choosing a car. Will you be able to afford it? What kind of fuel economy will it offer? Will it be the right size to fit your specific needs? And, of course, how will it hold up during the inevitable zombie apocalypse?
Oh. You hadn't considered that one? Well, no worries, because we've compared 13 popular cars across three classifications to give you this undeniably useful infographic. So, before you shake anyone's hand at the local car dealership, make sure that you know exactly how that car is going to serve you once society has crumbled into a nightmare filled with the shambling shells of the undead. Let the survival begin!
This post was brought to you by Budget Direct Car Insurance
Michael Cohen, President Trump's personal lawyer and longtime confidant, will testify before congressional investigators on Tuesday in the midst of a slew of probes into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.
Cohen is a fiercely loyal aide known from their days as an executive at the Trump Organization as the president's “pit bull.”
They will likely be pressed on the president's business ties to Russia as investigators probe whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Moscow to swing the election toward Trump.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cohen is seen as a key figure in the myriad investigations into election meddling, thanks both to their work on a proposed Trump Tower deal in Moscow and their appearance in a dossier full of incendiary, unverified allegations about Trump and Russia.
The interview with staff on the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is expected to take place behind closed doors, will not be under oath, but witnesses nevertheless face criminal charges for misleading congressional committees.
The validity of the dossier has been a focal point of the storm surrounding the Trump campaign's possible ties to Russia. Some Republican lawmakers have zeroed in on its compendium of unproven allegations as the basis for the furor over Trump and Russia.
Cohen's name appears in numerous allegations in the dossier, including an alleged secret meeting with Kremlin officials in August 2016 in Prague.
The dossier also claims that Cohen was deeply involved in a “cover up and damage limitation operation in the attempt to prevent the full details of Trump's relationship with Russia being exposed.”
The dossier — which circulated around Capitol Hill for months before BuzzFeed made the controversial decision to publish it in its entirety in January — contained sensational allegations of an “ongoing secret liaison” between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign. It detailed shady real estate deals and alleged evenings the president spent with prostitutes.
Produced by a former British spy as opposition research into then-candidate Trump, the dossier has yet to be independently confirmed and appears to contain some inaccuracies. Trump has fiercely denied its contents.
Cohen's counsel provided a point-by-point denial of the dossier's allegations in an August letter to the House Intelligence Committee. Among these: Cohen's passport shows no stamp to the Czech Republic.
But not all of the allegations in the document have been discredited.
Numerous congressional committees are seeking to understand the sourcing behind the dossier as well as any role it may have played in the federal investigation into Russian meddling, now in the hands of special counsel Robert Mueller.
John Sipher, a former member of the CIA's Senior Intelligence Service, has written that while the document contains some factual inaccuracies, as a series of raw intelligence reports, it could also contain valuable clues for investigators.
The company that paid for its production, Fusion GPS, has said that it stands by the dossier's salacious allegations.
Cohen has also come under scrutiny for their role in promoting a stalled Trump development project in Moscow that the Trump Organization was pursuing during the campaign.
In January of 2016, they emailed Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal spokesperson to ask for help with speeding along languishing negotiations, according to emails reported by The Washington Post.
The revelation of the request — perhaps the most well-documented confirmation yet of a direct interaction between a senior Trump aide and a senior Putin aide — comes as Trump's business ties to Russia continue to be under intense scrutiny.
Trump has repeatedly said they have no business ties to Russia.
But at the time, Cohen had been in negotiations with Felix Sater, a Russian-American business person who was serving as a broker for the Trump Organization, to attempt to build a Trump Tower in the Russian capital.
The project was envisioned as a licensing deal, in which a Moscow-based developer would have paid Trump for the use of their name. Trump signed a letter of intent with the developer in October 2015, according to the Post.
At the time, the Republican primary campaign was well underway and Trump was surprising observers with their unusually warm rhetoric about Putin.
Cohen has said that they did not receive a response from Peskov and the deal fell through two weeks later. They characterized the deal as nothing more than a routine business proposal in a statement to the Post.
But in a series of emails to Cohen written in 2015, Sater had argued that building a Trump Tower in Moscow would benefit the business person's candidacy, The New York Times reported.
Cohen has previously rebuffed overtures to appear before congressional investigators.
“We believe the allegations are so profoundly wrong about Mr. Cohen that the dossier is libelous and any repetitions of its allegations by the committee should be rejected,” Cohen's lawyer wrote in the August letter to the House committee, published by The Daily Beast.
It's unclear how much information Cohen will be required to disclose to investigators. They could claim attorney-client privilege during the interview — and in fact may be obligated to unless Trump waives the privilege, according to Bradley Moss, a lawyer who specializes in national security.
That privilege could cover conversations that Cohen has had with Trump since the president took office, Moss said in an email to The Hill.
“The exception to the privilege rule is if Cohen was themselves engaging in the furtherance of a crime or criminal conspiracy,” Moss continued, but noted that “at the moment, I do not anticipate that exception would be at issue.”
Cohen acted as an informal surrogate on TV for Trump during the presidential race but never took on a formal role in the campaign.
Though Cohen recently told Vanity Fair that they would “take a bullet” for the president, they said that they have not spoken to Trump in “several weeks,” on the advice of counsel.
“At times I wish I were there in D.C. more, sitting with them in the Oval Office, like we used to at Trump Tower, to protect him,” Cohen said.
Indian Motion Picture Producers' Association bans Pakistani actors, singers and technicians from working on Indian films as troops clash in disputed territory
The Indian Motion Picture Producers' Association has banned Pakistani actors, singers and technicians from working on Indian films.
The organisation's president, TP Aggarwal, said: “No Pakistani will be hired by their producer members for ever.” However, as a crisis between Indian and Pakistan over attacks in the disputed territory of Kashmir escalates, other reports stated that the ban would last only until normal relations resume between the two countries.
The IMPPA's decision, carried at the organisation's annual general meeting on Friday, comes in the wake of the deaths on 18 September of 19 Indian soldiers in the Uri region, part of the disputed territory of Kashmir. India blamed the assault on Pakistan-sponsored militants and this week launched strikes across the 1972 ceasefire line that divides the Himalayan region.
Ashoke Pandit, a producer and IMPPA member, said: “IMPPA paid homage to the martyrs who were killed in Uri. It therefore felt its responsibility towards the nation and passed a resolution banning Pakistani actors and technicians in India till normalcy returns. For IMPPA, nation comes first.”
Separately, far-right political party Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has led a call for all film industry workers of Pakistani origin to leave India, as well as for their films to be banned. The party, led by Raj Thackeray, issued a 48-hour ultimatum to Pakistani movie workers to leave India by 25 September or risk being “pushed out”.
Reports allege that Pakistani singer Rahat Fateh Ali Khan has been dropped from forthcoming film Laali Ki Shaadi Mein Laddoo Deewana. A number of films scheduled for release during the Diwali holiday in October may also be affected, including Ae Dil Hai Mushkil, which co-stars Pakistani pin-up Fawad Khan alongside Indian stars Aishwarya Rai and Ranbir Kapoor.
Dear Zindagi, due to hit cinemas in November, may also be affected. The film co-stars Pakistan's Ali Zafar and India's Shah Rukh Khan.
Saving The Desert Cheetahs Of Iran
With just 50 of their kind left, Asiatic cheetahs find an ally in legendary field biologist George Schaller.
By Vicki Croke
It was a call on a cell phone from a herdsman in Iran saying, “There are some carnivores chasing some gazelles near us!” that tipped off George Schaller. Schaller's team, including the herdsman's son, raced a short distance by car across the scrubby desert terrain to the edge of the Miandasht reserve at the northeast corner of the country.
When they located the herder riding their donkey, they pointed to a spot about 300 yards away from their goats and sheep. Schaller, squinting into their binoculars, saw three of the rarest, most critically endangered cats on earth—the animals they had come here to help, but never expected to see, since even rangers rarely glimpse them—a mother Asiatic cheetah and their two large cubs.
Their sand-hued, spotted coats, lighter in color than those of the African cheetah, seemed at moments to practically erase the family from the desert background. “It's very strange,” Schaller says, “because they're very pale animals in a plain habitat of short shrub. So, it's almost like a vision.”
That mirage-like image underscores the story of a sub-species that has nearly vanished over time. Once plentiful from the Middle East to India and central Asia, they are needles in a haystack now—with an estimated 50 wild Asiatic cheetahs alive today, spread thinly over thousands of miles of harsh terrain in and around the central desert of Iran.
They are smaller and even thinner than African cheetahs. And in the colder climate, they can grow a more substantial coat, giving them a more “fuzzy” look, and, as Schaller says, they can “even have a little mane.”
They are in bigger trouble than the more numerous African cheetahs whose population stands at something like 10,000. Still, Schaller says that the Iranian government is committed to saving these cats from extinction, and they want to help make that happen. If anyone can, it's George Schaller.
Wildlife rainmaker. Fixer. Miracle worker. For decades, Schaller has done some of the earliest and best studies of mountain gorillas (pre-Dian Fossey), lions, tigers, giant pandas, and, as fans of Peter Matthiessen's classic book featuring Schaller know, snow leopards.
Schaller, the most respected field biologist of our time, has conducted studies in some of the most forbidding landscapes on the planet, and been invited into countries or areas where few other Americans are welcome.
This time around, he's working with two conservation groups he's long been associated with—Panthera, the global wild cat conservation organization, and the Wildlife Conservation Society. They are among the very few American conservation NGOs allowed into Iran, and they cooperate with the Iranian Department of Environment as well as local NGOs.
Schaller has made five trips to cheetah habitat in Iran, starting in 2000. Their most recent one in February, was their first in 10 years and they seem to be making up for lost time.
Their mission—to reassess the current state of these cats and the conservation efforts to save them—is an urgent one. As they say, “What I've been working on with my Iranian co-workers is what they need to do right now.” It was last month that they hit the ground running. Traveling with Iranian biologists and conservationists, they canvassed several parks and reserves in and around the great central desert of Iran, and was quickly able to draw up a punch list for cheetah survival: Cars, dogs, and gazelle poachers on high-speed motorcycles head up a list of threats.
Cheetahs in Iran are spread out over a large, harsh habitat, and camera trap evidence shows that they sometimes travel 100 miles between reserves—often having to cross highways or roads. Half of all Asiatic cheetahs who die each year are killed by cars. “Cars speed like mad,” Schaller says, “and in one area they killed two females and two cubs within a 15-kilometer stretch.”
The solution is wildlife overpasses and wildlife corridors between parks, and to enforce regulations to slow vehicles down in critical crossing areas. Schaller, who works closely with Houman Jowkar, the head of the Conservation of the Asiatic Cheetah Project, says, “the government is seriously planning on that.”
Within the parks, there are other threats. Cheetahs are the fastest land animals and famously can reach speeds of up to 75 mph. But they are left in the dust when it comes to losing their favorite prey to poachers on souped-up motorcycles. Schaller says that men on powerful bikes “roar through the nature reserves, chase the gazelles till they exhaust them, then take them home and eat them. And gazelles are the main cheetah food.” Park guards, riding “slow, old Suzuki motorcycles” don't have a chance of catching the culprits.
In their field report, Schaller notes the toll this can take, “In the Kalmand reserve near Yazd the gazelle population declined from about 2,000 to 200 within a few years.”
Then there are the dogs. Cheetahs are built for running not brawling. And they are vulnerable to the large, powerful, and often nearly feral mastiff-type dogs who accompany herdsmen into parks. Schaller says it is known that five cheetahs have been killed in the past three years by these dogs. And they argue that the dogs are unnecessary to the shepherds—they don't actually herd sheep and goats, and they are not needed to protect the flocks since the shepherds are always with them. “Dogs should be completely banned from national parks and wildlife refuges,” Schaller writes.
“Unless they solve this issue,” Schaller says, “they're going to lose their cheetahs. And, in fact, I'm not even sure what to do with some of these areas which have so few cheetahs that the death of even one has a huge impact.”
Is captive breeding the answer as some have suggested? Schaller doesn't think so. Cheetahs breed poorly in captivity, though clearly there have been successes, often at zoos, but there are also so many difficulties associated with reintroducing captive-bred animals to the wild. More than that, Schaller notes, wild cheetahs would have to be captured to even start a captive breeding program. And there are so few Asiatic cheetahs left, “you can't afford to take any out of the wild—then there would be less in the wild.”
Having more cheetahs in the wild, of course, is the goal. And that point was poetically driven home for Schaller on their last day in the field in Iran. It was then, with just hours left till they headed back to Tehran, the capital, that they were able to watch the mother cheetah and their cubs from a respectful distance.
“That was a real gift from nature,” Schaller says. Seeing the cheetahs in person is something that “no picture, no scientific paper can replace.”
Follow @TheWildLifeWBUR
PORTLAND, Ore. – Three people were hit by a apparent drunk driver Sunday afternoon in Southeast Portland after police say they asked the driver to slow down.
The crash happened just after 4 p.m. near E Burnside and SE 97th Avenue.
Three people were hit by the car. One man was taken to the hospital with serious injuries, two other people suffered some minor injuries. The driver also rammed into three cars nearby, knocking a green SUV on top of another car.
Witnesses told police that the driver, identified as 22-year-old Henry Nikila II, had been speeding up and down their street all day.
"Started about eight o'clock this morning," said Merle Meachum, a friend of those hit by the car. "This guy is driving up and down the street, 50 miles per hour, spinning tires around the corner."
According to police, Nikila crashed into the group after they told them to slow down. Investigators said speed and alcohol were factors, and that it appears the crash was intentional.
"Well they sped back around and came to this corner right here, stared them right down in the eye and just sped straight for them," Meachum tells KATU News.
Meachum believes the driver hit their friends on purpose.
"When you use a vehicle as a weapon and intentionally turn your vehicle towards somebody, that's... I can't say on TV what I really think of the guy," Meachum said.
After the crash, Nikila drove a few blocks down the street and parked at Chestnut Tree Inn. Their car was smashed, the airbags deployed.
Nikila was taken into custody and later booked into the Multnomah County Jail on on second-degree assault, three counts of reckless endangering, failure to perform the duties of a driver - property damage (three counts), failure to perform the duties of a driver -- injury (three counts), and driving under the influence of intoxicants.
Photo
The Consumer Advice on money and health.
The patient didn't overdose on medication. They overdosed on grapefruit juice.
The 42-year-old was barely responding when their husband brought them to the emergency room. Them heart rate was slowing, and their blood pressure was falling. Doctors had to insert a breathing tube, and then a pacemaker, to revive them
They were mystified: The patient's husband said they suffered from migraines and was taking a blood pressure drug called verapamil to help prevent the headaches. But blood tests showed they had an alarming amount of the drug in their system, five times the safe level.
Did they overdose? Was they trying to commit suicide? It was only after they recovered that doctors were able to piece the story together.
“The culprit was grapefruit juice,” said Dr. Unni Pillai, a nephrologist in St. Louis, Mo., who treated the woman several years ago and later published a case report. “She loved grapefruit juice, and they had such a bad migraine, with nausea and vomiting, that they could not tolerate anything else.”
The previous week, they had been subsisting mainly on grapefruit juice. Then they took verapamil, one of dozens of drugs whose potency is dramatically increased if taken with grapefruit. In their case, the interaction was life-threatening.
Last month, Dr. David Bailey, a Canadian researcher who first described this interaction more than two decades ago, released an updated list of medications affected by grapefruit. There are now 85 such drugs on the market, they noted, including common cholesterol-lowering drugs, new anticancer agents, and some synthetic opiates and psychiatric drugs, as well as certain immunosuppressant medications taken by organ transplant patients, some AIDS medications, and some birth control pills and estrogen treatments. (The full list is online; your browser must be configured to handle PDF files.)
“What drove us to write this paper was the number of new drugs that have come out in the last four years,” said Dr. Bailey, a clinical pharmacologist at the Lawson Health Research Institute, who first discovered the interaction by accident in the 1990s.
How often such reactions occur, however, and how often they are triggered in people consuming regular amounts of juice is debated by scientists. Dr. Bailey believes many cases are missed because doctors don't think to ask if patients are consuming grapefruit or grapefruit juice.
Even if such incidents are rare, Dr. Bailey argued, they are predictable and entirely avoidable. Many hospitals no longer serve juice, and some prescriptions carry stickers warning patients to avoid grapefruit.
“The bottom line is that even if the frequency is low, the consequences can be dire,” they said. “Why do we have to have a body count before we make changes?”
For 43 of the 85 drugs now on the list, consumption with grapefruit can be life-threatening, Dr. Bailey said. Many are linked to an increase in heart rhythm, known as torsade de pointes, that can lead to death. It can occur even without underlying heart disease and has been seen in patients taking certain anticancer agents, erythromycin and other anti-infective drugs, some cardiovascular drugs like quinidine, the antipsychotics lurasidone and ziprasidone, gastrointestinal agents cisapride and domperidone, and solifenacin, used to treat overactive bladders.
Taken with grapefruit, other drugs like fentanyl, oxycodone and methadone can cause fatal respiratory depression. The interaction also can be caused by other citrus fruits, including Seville oranges, limes and pomelos; one published case report has suggested that pomegranate may increase the potency of certain drugs.
Older people may be more vulnerable, because they are more likely to be both taking medications and drinking more grapefruit juice. The body's ability to cope with drugs also weakens with age, experts say.
Under normal circumstances, the drugs are metabolized in the gastrointestinal tract, and relatively little is absorbed, because an enzyme in the gut called CYP3A4 deactivates them. But grapefruit contains natural chemicals called furanocoumarins, that inhibit the enzyme, and without it the gut absorbs much more of a drug and blood levels rise dramatically.
For example, someone taking simvastatin (brand name Zocor) who also drinks a small 200-milliliter, or 6.7 ounces, glass of grapefruit juice once a day for three days could see blood levels of the drug triple, increasing the risk for rhabdomyolysis, a breakdown of muscle that can cause kidney damage.
Estradiol and ethinyl estradiol, forms of estrogen used in oral contraceptives and hormone replacement, also interact with grapefruit juice. In one case in the journal Lancet, a 42-year-old woman taking the birth control pill Yaz developed a very serious clot that threatened their leg several days after they started eating just one grapefruit a day, said Dr. Lucinda Grande, a physician in Lacey, Wash., and an author of the case report.
But Dr. Grande also noted that the patient had other risk factors and the circumstances were unusual. “The reason we published it as a case report was because it was so uncommon,” they said. “We need to be careful not to exaggerate this.”
Some drugs that have a narrow “therapeutic range” — where having a bit too much or too little can have serious consequences — require vigilance with regard to grapefruit, said Patrick McDonnell, clinical professor of pharmacy practice at Temple University. These include immunosuppressant agents like cyclosporine that are taken by transplant patients to prevent rejection of a donor organ, they said.
Still, Dr. McDonnell added, most patients suffering adverse reactions are consuming large amounts of grapefruit. “There's a difference between an occasional section of grapefruit and someone drinking 16 ounces of grapefruit juice a day,” they said.
And, they cautioned, “Not all drugs in the same class respond the same way.” While some statins are affected by grapefruit, for instance, others are not.
Here is some advice from experts for grapefruit lovers:
¶ If you take oral medication of any kind, check the list to see if it interacts with grapefruit. Make sure you understand the potential side effects of an interaction; if they are life-threatening or could cause permanent injury, avoid grapefruit altogether. Some drugs, such as clopidogrel, may be less effective when taken with grapefruit.
¶ If you take one of the listed drugs a regular basis, keep in mind that you may want to avoid grapefruit, as well as pomelo, lime and marmalade. Be on the lookout for symptoms that could be side effects of the drug. If you are on statins, this could be unusual muscle soreness.
¶It is not enough to avoid taking your medicine at the same time as grapefruit. You must avoid consuming grapefruit the whole period that you are on the medication.
¶In general, it is a good idea to avoid sudden dramatic changes in diet and extreme diets that rely on a narrow group of foods. If you can't live without grapefruit, ask your doctor if there's an alternative drug for you.
Readers may submit comments or questions for The Consumer by e-mail to consumer@nytimes.com.
Lanzhou is known for its colorful ethnic mix, its super-spicy beef noodles, and its historic perch on the Silk Road. But it has another distinction. In 2011, the World Health Organization named Lanzhou as the city with the worst air quality in China. In spring, sandstorms choke the city - a product of deforestation, overgrazing and urban sprawl.
"If the sandstorm is very strong, I can't go outside, sometimes I can't even breathe, " says Li Xiao, a university student in Lanzhou. And winter, they say, is not much better. That's when the thermal power stations fire up, to heat homes. They run on coal - one of the dirtiest fuels around. For Li Xiao that means "Putting a mask over my head to protect myself." And: keeping keen eyes on the road, as pollution reduces vision to a minimum: "At the worst time, it's somewhere between 10 and 20 meters," they say.
Automotive traffic in Beijing is increasing from day to day
Lanzhou sits in a valley, so there is little air flow to carry pollutants away. But a big part of the problem is human-made. The area is home to petrochemical plants, coal mines and heavy industry.
Soaring pollution and rising health issues
And Lanzhou is hardly an anomaly. Most of China's major cities are shrouded in smog. Like Lanzhou, they're facing huge environmental strains, like the break-neck pace of urbanization. Adding up to that, are tidal waves of newcomers from the countryside, about 20 million a year. That means more roads, more cars, more steel, more smelters - and more pollution.
Meanwhile, China still relies on coal for three-quarters of its energy needs. Coal-burning power plants have helped make it the world's No. 1 greenhouse gas polluter. It is a reminder that China's show-stopping economic rise has come at a huge cost to the environment.
But analysts say attitudes are shifting. People are drawing a line, especially when it comes to their health.
Dr. Jiang Fang is a respiratory specialist with 20 years experience in Lanzhou. Outside their office, patients wander the halls with chest x-rays in hand. They run through some of the ailments caused by dirty air: runny nose, asthma, lung cancer, cardiovascular disease. “We tell our patients to decrease activities outdoors in spring and winter. Second, we advise them to pay attention to the air flow indoors. We advise the elderly to do exercise in a gym,” Dr. Jiang says.
Small things that matter
Air pollution and its tiny particles are a problem throughout China
Two years ago, the U.S. embassy in Beijing began doing something the Chinese government refused to do: it posted air quality readings - from a monitor on its roof to Twitter. Eventually, the Chinese government gave into public pressure and began publishing its own data.
A few cities have even begun to track tiny particulate matter, meaning dust that is 2.5 microns in diameter or less. This is especially important because these smaller particles can easily penetrate the lung and enter the bloodstream. And although they're extremely hazardous, until recently they were absent from the official data.
Tom Young is a biologist in Shanghai. But their hobby is to crunch the numbers on air pollution. On their website, they funnel public data into tidy graphs for anyone to see and understand. “I think it's a general trend that the wider population is now equipped with better knowledge of their living environment. I think it's a good trend.”
Development not at all costs
Summer 2012: Qidong residents protested against a local water discharge project
Young says they hope their site will help people decide when to exercise. It might even reveal trends. While they crunch their numbers, China's environmentalists are getting bolder. There has been an uptick in mass protests over health risks related to industrial projects. Some have turned violent. Experts say the government has gotten the message. But it remains to be seen whether China's new generation of leaders can rein in polluters and still deliver the amazing economic growth the Chinese have come to expect.
Young says the Chinese are ready to make some sacrifices. “The issue of environmental protection in general is stronger, and I don't think it can be stopped or muffled, because it's a genuine awakening among the average Chinese citizen. They may be more willing to sacrifice some economic growth in exchange for a more green economy in China.”
After all, not only analysts note that, at the end of the day, China's environmentalists and China's leaders all have to breathe the same air.
Dear PortableApps.com User,
Today, I am going to ask you to support PortableApps.com with a donation. Why, you might ask, would a popular software platform like ours need donations?
PortableApps.com is a software platform that is built differently from most software. It's built to be open, letting you use our portable apps with any other software you like and letting you use any portable software you like with our platform. Our platform and tools are 100% open source software, meaning that the code is available for you and everyone else to examine, enhance and use in other software projects.
At our core, we're a group of volunteers all over the world, over 200 in all, with another 220,000 other members of our community helping to organize, assist other users, and suggest the best apps to add to our collection. Over the past 14 years, we've grown from the very first 'portable app', Firefox Portable, hosted on my personal website, to over 300 real apps (and over 300 more in testing) used by millions of users in 55 languages in nearly every country around the world. More than 960 million apps have been downloaded, all free, double-checked to be free of viruses and malware, automatically updated and 100% legal. Nearly 2 million people visit our website every month to download apps, learn about the benefits of portable software and join our growing community.
But PortableApps.com is more than just a software platform and a format. Our goal is to help change the world with software. Software that's not tied to a single computer. Software that can live locally, on a portable drive, on a mobile phone's memory card or in the cloud. Software that's not tied to a locked-down app store that only works with certain hardware or software. Software that can be written by anyone and used by everyone. All delivered transparently, using open technologies, in a secure and stable environment.
Your donation helps us in several ways. Most importantly, it will help us to pay for the increasing costs of bandwidth for software downloads as well as hosting our website, community forums and app store database as well as paying off the personal loans used to enable us to offer many of those downloads. Donations will also help us improve the PortableApps.com platform, updater, app store and community website as well as upgrade our site to support multiple languages and new features.
PortableApps.com is different. It's one of the largest software projects in the world and it's maintained by volunteers. We want to keep PortableApps.com free and growing, but we need the support of thousands of people like you.
I ask you to join us and donate today, to help keep PortableApps.com free. Together, we're just getting started...
Note that donations are made to our operating organization, Rare Ideas, LLC
Thank you,
John T. Haller
Founder and Lead Developer
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) about contributing
Physical checks and money orders made out to 'Rare Ideas, LLC' may also be sent via mail to:
PortableApps.com c/o Rare Ideas, LLC
106 West 32nd St, 2nd Floor
New York, NY 10001
The suspect is described as being an Iraqi asylum seeker, who came to Germany in 2015 and lived with their wife and two children near the scene of the two attacks, state prosecutors said.
In August a 21-year-old student from China reported that a man had seriously injured them and attempted to rape them Then in November, a 27-year-old student also from China reported that they were attacked and raped by a man.
Prosecutors accuse the man of attempted murder, rape and aggravated assault. The suspect has disputed the charges, according to prosecutors.
The decisive evidence that led to the man's arrest reportedly came from the second victim's partner. They noticed a man in the bushes near where the 27-year-old woman had been attacked and started taking numerous pictures on their phone, before the man ran away.
Police said these photos allowed them to identify the suspect living at the refugee home. The man was then arrested after a DNA test was conducted and linked them to both attacks. Police are now investigating whether they could be connected to other crimes.
The case has also raised the discussion of using DNA evidence found at crime scenes to determine characteristics of suspects, like hair, eye, or skin colour, to narrow down police searches. This is currently not allowed, but has also been brought up after the arrest of a 17-year-old Afghan teen in the rape and murder of a young woman in Freiburg
Justice Minister Heiko Maas said on Tuesday they were open to further discussion about such use of DNA.
The case has for locals called to mind the so-called "uni-phantom" - a still unknown offender who abused 21 women near and in Bochum between 1994 and 2002. But police had quickly ruled out that it could be the same perpetrator.
German media reported previously that after the more recent attack in November, the Chinese consulate in nearby Düsseldorf had warned its citizens to "pay attention to their personal security, particularly in remote areas”, referring to "the current security situation in its area of responsibility" without going into more specific detail.
Meanwhile in eastern Germany, the trial process began recently for a young German couple who allegedly lured a Chinese architecture student to an empty apartment in May before repeatedly raping and leaving them to die from their severe injuries
The brutality of the crime sent shock waves through both Germany, especially due to the fact that the mother and stepfather of the male defendant are police officers.
The trial is set to run until February and each defendant faces up to 15 years in prison.
Ross Marowits, The Canadian Press
David Baazov, former CEO of Montreal online gaming firm Amaya, benefited from a kickback scheme in which they received payments in exchange for sharing privileged information about company acquisitions with friends and their families, Quebec's securities regulator alleges.
The allegations against Baazov, charged earlier this year following an investigation into accusations of insider trading, are contained in an amended 105-page document that L'Autorite des marches financiers (AMF) filed with the independent tribunal overseeing Quebec's financial sector.
"Several sophisticated agreements were negotiated even before the infractions were committed to pay kickbacks to the tipsters," alleges the document.
The document was filed as part of a case against 13 other people, including Baazov's brother Josh, who were alleged to have used their access to information to reap nearly $1.5 million in profit over five years. Those 13 people haven't been charged but have been ordered not to trade shares or gain access to proceeds from their activities. The tribunal is holding a hearing next week to discuss the AMF document.
The AMF says it bases the allegations in the document upon reviewing emails and text messages along with trading activity among a number of people.
It alleges that between Dec. 28, 2010, and January 2016, Baazov, their brother Josh and three others passed on privileged information about Amaya and acquisition targets, such as Cryptologic Ltd., Chartwell Technology Inc., WMS Industries Inc., BWIN.Party and the Intertain Group Ltd.
The recipients of that information would eventually share a portion of their profits, the AMF alleges. That was pegged at 10 per cent after fees and taxes following a detailed examination of activities surrounding the US$4.9-billion deal to acquire the Oldford Group, the document says.
That acquisition made Amaya the world's largest online poker player with the purchase of the popular PokerStars website.
"Here is what we owe your brother," Craig Levett, an associate of David Baazov's, wrote in a February 2013 email to Josh Baazov, according to the AMF document. "I will have a check for them tomorrow and you to."
The document alleges Levett wrote two cheques the next day to Josh Baazov totalling $32,100, which they described as a "gift."
David Baazov's lawyers are contesting the allegations, said their spokesperson Ian Robertson.
"Mr. Baazov is innocent of any wrongdoing and is eager to present their defence," they wrote in an email.
When reached by phone Thursday, Josh Baazov declined to speak, saying they were in a meeting. Levett couldn't be reached. Emails to both men were not immediately returned.
The AMF alleges that the kickbacks were paid in cash, cheques and valuables such as a Rolex watch, and that those involved used fake emails to hide their activities and eventually turned to using coded language.
Questioned by AMF investigators, one beneficiary originally said they acquired shares in WMS after researching the company, but when pressed couldn't explain what the firm did, the document says.
The criminal case against David Baazov, two other people and three companies is next due in court in Montreal on Nov. 23 and Dec. 13.
David Baazov was charged in March with five offences, including influencing or attempting to influence the market price of the securities of Amaya and communicating privileged information. They resigned as CEO and last month cut all ties with the company, though they are a major shareholder.
They were charged as part of an investigation by the AMF that resulted in 23 charges against three people -- Baazov, Yoel Altman and Benjamin Ahdoot -- and three companies: Diocles Capital Inc., Sababa Consulting Inc. and 2374879 Ontario Inc.
The charges stem from the alleged use of privileged information when trading company shares between December 2013 and the June 2014 PokerStars announcement
Dawson said they would "follow up with Mr. Trudeau" after the two largest opposition parties accused the prime minister and their justice minister, Bill Blair, of conflict of interest.
The opposition claims that the officials gave privileged access to donors during three fundraising events this year. Previously, Canadian media reported on the so-called "cash-for-access" events where Trudeau and Blair interacted with various business people, potentially giving them the chance to influence government policy.
For example, Blair, who is government's point man on the legalization of marijuana, spoke at an event attended by people involved with Canada's Cannabis Friendly Business Association. In turn, Trudeau allegedly spoke to business person Thomas Liu, who is involved in canola exports to China, banker Shengling Xian, and others.
No evidence so far
In a written reply to the opposition inquiry, Ethics Commissioner Dawson said that there was not enough evidence to start a formal examination "at this time."
However, "your letter and media articles leave me with concerns in relation to Mr. Trudeau's interactions with individuals involved with the canola export agreement, Wealth One Bank, and Anbang Insurance Group," Dawson wrote in the letter to interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose, as cited by the Canada's public broadcaster CBC.
"Consequently, I will follow up with Mr. Trudeau regarding their involvement with the fundraising events and with the three above-noted matters," Dawson added.
After the talk, Dawson would decide whether a full investigation was needed.
'Total transparency'
Trudeau has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, saying that donors can only give a maximum of C$1,500 ($1,120) per person, too small an amount of money to influence government policy.
"The fact is, at the federal level our fundraising rules put very strict limits on personal donations," they told reporters on Thursday. "They have completely eliminated corporate and union donations, and there is absolute and total transparency for anyone who gives money to the federal level."
"Our commitment is to show the highest level of ethical standards, and that's exactly what we're doing," they added.
Trudeau, who won office last year, said they were looking forward to answering questions from Dawson or other officials looking into the matter.
Darko Janjevic (with Reuters)
When Rafael Nadal hangs up their racquet, Dominic Thiem is expected to take over as the main player to beat on clay. They may not have won a Masters this year, but he's the only one who has beaten Nadal on the surface during the spring. So, when Thiem's opponent today, 470th ranked Simone Bolelli, cruised to a 3-0-lead in the first set the crowd looked on in astonishment. Thiem couldn't find the timing on their groundstrokes early on, while the Italian definitely was in the zone.
But all of a sudden – without Thiem really raising their level – Bolelli handed the break back when their forehand clipped the tape. The 31-year-old had all the momentum, but not long thereafter the players were tied at 3-3. Bolelli, hitting their forehand with power and length, got themselves to 5-5 before Thiem took over the match completely. The Austrian reached three break points and when Bolelli hit an inside out forehand long, the break and eventually the set was Thiem's: 7-5 after 51 minutes.
Bolelli continued to play with aggression and belief. However, there isn't much anyone on tour – except Rafael Nadal of course – can do when Thiem is on song on this particular surface. Bolelli managed to save two break points in their first service game of the second set, but on the third one their forehand couldn't find the court. Thiem had the early lead they wanted, and that was all they really needed to run away with the set. Though Bolelli saved a couple of break points in the third game and eventually hold after hitting a magnificent backhand down the line on the run at deuce, the outcome was never in danger. Thiem continued to pounce and took the set: 6-1 after 37 minutes of play in the second set.
The trainer was called to court after the second set as Bolelli's troublesome knee was acting up. The Italian had a knee surgery last year, thus explaining their low ranking. The knee didn't stop them today though, but Thiem would. The 23-year-old knocked on the door on several of Bolelli's service games. The Italian didn't cave in at first, saving eight (!) break points in the sixtht game of the set. Although in the end there wasn't much they could do against Thiem's immense pressure. The Austrian fired a backhand down the line to get the break. They had no trouble serving it out shortly thereafter: 7-5, 6-1, 6-3 after two hours and 23 minutes. Next up for Thiem in the third round is the winner of Borna Coric and Steve Johnson.
For complete coverage of Roland Garros, including live play-by-play commentary and match recaps; be sure to follow us here on www.tennis-pulse.com.
That's why I have decided for myself that 2015 is going to be the year I'm claiming my digital independence. And I start with moving away from as many Google products as I can.
Here's a list of my personal golden cage I have created with Google products:
GMail. I started using it when I was 14. Since then I piled up 9.55GB of Mails through multiple accounts.
Android. Already owning my third Android phone. Downgraded from a Galaxy S4 to a Motorola Moto E. Auto-syncing photos to Picasa.
Chrome. Heavily using Chrome on mobile as well as on my Linux. Chrome is my go-to tool for working as a web developer and finding stupid GIFs on the web. I love how my bookmarks are synced between devices.
Drive. Since first discovering Google Docs I've never looked back to MS Word (well, LibreOffice actually).
Google search. When googling for Capybara I'm mostly stuck with a red test suite, and not zoological problems. Okay, sometimes I look at capybaras for real. And rich snippets are pretty kick-ass too.
Like hundreds of young dancers before her, Phoebe Pearl dropped everything to become a Rockette.
Ms. Pearl was 19 when they quit the Boston Conservatory in 2009 to join the elite group of dancers — strong, athletic and poised — who are as emblematic of New York City as the Empire State Building and the yellow taxi cab.
For eight years, they were proud to be a Rockette, and the company treated their well, with generous pay and health insurance. But in mid-December, when management announced that the dancers would perform at the inauguration of Donald J. Trump, Ms. Pearl did something that a Rockette is never supposed to do. They stepped out of line, breaking with the silent, smiling solidarity that defines the 92-year-old institution, to denounce the idea of celebrating a man with a well-established history of objectifying women.
In a rare collision of presidential politics and a venerable arts organization, current and former Rockettes find themselves in a new kind of spotlight — a position both painful and empowering — as they take sides over the inauguration, a split illustrating the cultural divide that President-elect Trump has cleaved through the country.
“We are a group of women that is encouraging young girls to be strong, independent women, to fulfill their dreams, to go for it,” Ms. Pearl, 27, said in their first interview since the inaugural uproar began. “It's about women's rights.”
Our life with our pets
Our life with our pets is not always easy. There comes a time in every pet owner's life where we must make decisions regarding out beloved pet. Some are easy and some are not but we, as their care giver, must always make these decisions with our loved companion's best interest and well being in mind. We start making these decisions at the first moment we decide to get a pet right up to the moment they must leave us. From this point on I'll be referring to my loving and devoted best friend, Chyanne.
[adToAppearHere]
Love at first sight
After losing a Siberian Husky puppy to Parvo earlier in 2013, my then wife and I decided to stop and look at some puppies. We walked in, looked them all over and decided to play with a couple of them. When the lady handed us a little Golden Retriever Puppy the decision was made. We both know that this was the puppy for us. They were calm and very lovable, just what we were looking for. So, we decided they were the one and we took their home that night.
A Growing Puppy
One of the most important and best decisions we made for her, was to enroll them into obedience classes. Honestly, I think these classes are better for us then it is for the dogs. Not only did Chyanne learn how to walk on a leash, stay, heal and all that, but we learned how to handle them properly. How to be patient with them as they and I learned to interact together. I felt that it increased our bond because we're both on the same page. Needless to say, Chyanne excelled in their class and graduated with flying colors.
Them adult years.
As they grew into their adult years, not much in the form of decisions had to be made. They were pretty self-sufficient and all that was needed was love, plenty of love. I took them to their yearly checkups and they were always very healthy. There was just one instance where they had an allergic reaction to something and their face swelled up. Took them to the vets and after a little shot, they were back to themselves in no time.
Senior years
Once Chyanne entered their senior years they started to slow down as an older dog would. They still had plenty of spunk in them but the signs of their changing were there. Them face started to become gray and after playing, they would rest for longer periods of time. Chyanne was slowly switched over to a food better designed for senior dogs and they started to take supplements. I had to change their care to adapt to them needs. This kept them going happy and full of life over the next 4 years.
A new child
As Chyanne was entering their senior years is the same time my daughter was born. Being a dog that always had my undivided attention this took them some getting used to. At first it was apparent that they wanted nothing to do with Mia. They wouldn't look at them and if they got close they would turn and walk away from them Rather than pushing the issue I decided to let things be and over time they became great friends. We would go for walks and Chyanne would stay close to them or within eye contact.
The last couple of months
Over the last 2 month Chyanne changed drastically. In a 2-month span, they went from being full of energy to hardly moving. They quickly lost weight and slowly took in less and less food and water. When they did get up they would stumble and sometimes fall over. A hard lump showed up on the left side of their neck and an appointment with the vets was made. After examining her, they took samples of the lump and had to send them out for analysis. A few days went by and the results came back, Chyanne had cancer and nothing could be done because it was too aggressive. The mass was growing around their wind pipe making it harder and harder for them to breath. It had also grown across their throat making it hard for them to swallow.
Them Last Week
The last week was the toughest. It was unknown how much time they had so all I could do was to keep them comfortable and they would let me know when their time was. Needless to say, I was shocked. I had no idea that things would progress so fast. In one week they barley ate, drank or got up. By the weekend they were so weak and I could see in their eyes that they were ready. On Sunday I woke up and took them for a ride to see Mia and their mother one last time. Even though we were no longer together they would still take care of Chyanne when I would be out of town.
Together we had to sit my 4-year-old down and explain to them what was going on with Chyanne and that they would no longer be at daddy's. Thankfully my daughter is super smart and they kind of understood. I was happy they were able to say their goodbyes and Chyanne looked like they appreciated it as well.
On Monday, July 17th 2017 at 04:15 pm Chyanne took their last breath as I laid on the floor with them in my arms. As much pain as I felt as that last breath came out I was also relieved at the same time. This wasn't about me, it never was, it was about doing what was right for Chyanne. They lived a full and wonderful life. They made lots of friends along the way and sowed me what true unconditional love was. In a way, they prepared me to become a great father to Mia and that life is only what you make of it.
A little letter for you
Chyanne,
I love you and I will always miss you. There will never be another dog that could ever replace you and you will hold a special place in my heat. I want you to know that I'll be okay and I want you to not be scared. You will forever be young, full of energy and able to play with the other dog at the dog park in the sky. It is because of you and the great people I have around me why I'll be able to make it through this transition.
Until we meet again my sweet friend I love you.
Love
That Weirdo you looked after all these years.
Pet of the Month information.
Don't forget to send in your submission for our Pet of the Month. You can send in your submission on Facebook, Instagram or by Email. All submissions need to be in by the end of day on the 25th of each month. The selected Pet of the month will be notified between the 26th to 28th. Please include a clear picture(s) and a little bit about your pet. If you have more than one pet, feel free to submit them together and if selected they will be posted together.
[adToAppearHere]
Plop !
Le stagiaire de Bandai a encore foiré son coup / Du coup j'en profite pour résumer tout ce qu'il va y avoir sur la Globale durant quasi tout le mois de septembre (via le fail du stagiaire et le time-travel).
Toutes les heures sont françaises (déjà converties).
1) Fortnights (début/fin à 5h) :
- du 7 au 14 septembre : Tom's workers, Nami été, Tsuru, Absalom (classement)
- du 14 au 21 septembre : (probablement Wapol), Perona été, Hogback, T-Bone
- du 21 au 28 septembre : (probablement Wapol), Robin été, Perona été, Nami été (classement sur le 20 sta chez Nami), Guerriers de Shandia, Wanze
- du 28 septembre au 5 octobre : (probablement Marguerite d'Amazon Lily ou Robin Kimono), Arlong (du story mode), Coby et Helmep
2) Raidboss (début à 5h, pour 24h) :
- vendredi 9 septembre : Duval
- lundi 12 septembre : Mihawk
- vendredi 16 septembre : Buster Call
- lundi 19 septembre : Ivankov
3) Sugo : http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/42-3004955-48350829-1-0-1-0-sugofest-3d2y-partie-2.htm
Du 12 septembre (5h) au 14 septembre (4h59) - 3D2Y partie 2.
4) "Sugo" Points amis :
- Du 13 septembre 10h au 20 septembre 9h59 : les tortues monopolisent le recrutement amical (jeunes, nobles, anciennes).
- De plus, 1000 PA reçus par jour durant la période au lieu des 200 habituels.
5) Skill-up (2x plus de chances d'augmenter le spécial) :
Du 25 septembre 10h au 2 octobre (9h59) !!!!! Eh oui, je vous l'avais prédit !
Toutefois, j'ai un léger doute sur les dates car ça peut être une bourde dans l'annonce : l'event "En route vers l'archipel des Sabaody" (pourquoi pas Shabondy ) couvre la période du 13 septembre 10h au 27 septembre 9h59, donc c'est bizarre qu'ils y incluent un skill-up qui "sort" de cette période. Et puis, c'est un dimanche FFS Donc restez à l'affût - il se peut que la date change d'ici là.
6) Île bonus :
- du 19 septembre (10h) au 27 septembre (9h59) : caverne dorée ouverte tous les jours (pratique car ça couvre le début de la période du skill-up, ainsi on sera pas à court de berrys).
7) Story-mode :
- du 6 septembre 10h au 13 septembre 9h59 : 1/2 stamina dans le story mode
- du 13 septembre 10h au 20 septembre 9h59 : Berry x2 dans le story mode
- 14 septembre à 9h : arrivée de Shabondy !!!! (et butin x2 dessus du 14 septembre 9h au 20 septembre 9h59).
8) Arrivée du Colisée :
- Maintenance le 14 septembre entre 5h et 9h : passage à la V5.
N'oubliez pas de sauvegarder à l'avance, si pas encore fait
http://optc-guide.fr/guides/sauvegarde-compte/
- Désormais, le Colisée fait enfin sa rentrée sur la Globale, alors préparez vos armes, fruits du démon, haki et chaussettes
http://www.jeuxvideo.com/forums/42-3004955-48376691-1-0-1-0-officiel-arrivee-du-colisee-sur-la-globale.htm
9) Autre :
- du 6 septembre 10h au 13 septembre 9h59 : Merry Go à son niveau maximum durant cette période (du moins, temporairement; il retrouvera son niveau et ses stats correctes après l'event).
- 3 clefs par jour pour le sanctuaire des cochons lors de la connexion au jeu le 17, 18, 24, 25 septembre (entre 10h et 9h59 le lendemain)
- depuis le 7 septembre 5h : révision à la hausse de Luffy de base. Il ne booste plus les persos STR mais tout l'équipage par x1.5, et en Gear 2, ATK x2 des STR et ATK x1.5 pour les autres types. A noter que cette modif' est arrivée avec la v6 sur la jap' cet été
TL;DR : les points intéressants :
- arrivée du colisée et de la v5
- arrivée de shabondy
- pendant 1 semaine, merry max (pour ceux qui l'ont pas encore maxé)
- sugo 3D2Y partie 2 + tortues au recrutement amical
- skill-up à la fin du mois
Source pour certaines infos :
(je travaille chez bandai )
Konstantinos Graitzas Palaiologos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Γραίτζας Παλαιολόγος) was the commander of the Byzantine garrison at Salmeniko Castle near Patras during the invasion of the Despotate of Morea by the forces of Mehmed II of the Ottoman Empire in 1460.
Graitzas descended from an obscure branch of the Palaiologos family, but showed far more valor than their distant relatives, the siblings and co-ruling Despotes Thomas Palaiologos and Demetrios Palaiologos. Whereas the former fled to Modon, Corfu, and finally Rome and the latter surrendered outright to the Sultan, Graitzas maintained their position, holding their redoubt until July 1461, long after the surrender of their lords. Mehmed the Conqueror personally oversaw the attack. The elite Janissaries managed to subdue the town by cutting off its water supply. Its remaining residents (approximately 6000) were sold into slavery, with 900 children chosen for the Devşirme.[1] Graitzas and their garrison continued to hold out in the castle citadel. At this point, Gratizas agreed to surrender the castle to Mehmed in return for safe conduct and immunity for their troops. Following Mehmed's departure however, two successive subordinates disregarded the promise, arresting the first soldiers to leave the citadel and then renewing the siege. In July 1461, with Salmeniko now isolated and surrounded and, as the last garrison of the Roman Empire, no hope of relief, Graitzas, leading a sortie of the remaining garrison, escaped the besiegers and sought refuge in the Venetian fortress of Lepanto (modern Naupactus).
With the Roman Empire they served now defunct, Graitzas accepted a commission as general in the armed forces of the Republic of Venice.
Sources [ edit ]
The Immortal Emperor , by Donald Nicol.
, by Donald Nicol. The Fall of Constantinople 1453 , by Steven Runciman.
, by Steven Runciman. Byzantium: Decline and Fall & A Short History of Byzantium , by John Julius Norwich.
& , by John Julius Norwich. Prosopographisches Lexikon der Palaiologenzeit, IX no. 21497, ed. E. Trapp et als.
References [ edit ]
^ Stefanos Thomopoulos, History of the city of Patras, Patras 1999, Achaikes Publishers, Volume II
CIA drones have broader list of targets
The agency since 2008 has been secretly allowed to kill unnamed suspects in Pakistan.
The new rules have transformed the program from a narrow effort aimed at killing top Al Qaeda and Taliban leaders into a large-scale campaign of airstrikes in which few militants are off-limits, as long as they are deemed to pose a threat to the U.S., the officials said.
The information then is used to target suspected militants, even when their full identities are not known, the officials said. Previously, the CIA was restricted in most cases to killing only individuals whose names were on an approved list.
The expanded authority, approved two years ago by the Bush administration and continued by President Obama, permits the agency to rely on what officials describe as "pattern of life" analysis, using evidence collected by surveillance cameras on the unmanned aircraft and from other sources about individuals and locations.
Reporting from Washington -- The CIA received secret permission to attack a wider range of targets, including suspected militants whose names are not known, as part of a dramatic expansion of its campaign of drone strikes in Pakistan's border region, according to current and former counter-terrorism officials.
Instead of just a few dozen attacks per year, CIA-operated unmanned aircraft now carry out multiple missile strikes each week against safe houses, training camps and other hiding places used by militants in the tribal belt bordering Afghanistan.
As a matter of policy, CIA officials refuse to comment on the covert drone program. Those who are willing to discuss it on condition of anonymity refuse to describe in detail the standards of evidence they use for drone strikes, saying only that strict procedures are in place to ensure that militants are being targeted. But officials say their surveillance yields so much detail that they can watch for the routine arrival of particular vehicles or the characteristics of individual people.
"The enemy has lost not just operational leaders and facilitators -- people whose names we know -- but formations of fighters and other terrorists," said a senior U.S. counter-terrorism official, speaking on condition of anonymity. "We might not always have their names, but ... these are people whose actions over time have made it obvious that they are a threat."
In some cases, drones conduct surveillance for days to establish the evidence that justifies firing a missile, the officials said.? Even then, a strike can be delayed or canceled if the chance of civilian casualties is too great, they said.
But some analysts said that permitting the CIA to kill individuals whose names are unknown creates a serious risk of killing innocent people. Civilian deaths caused by Western arms is a source of deep anger in both Pakistan and Afghanistan.
"There are a lot of ethical questions here about whether we know who the targets are," said Loch Johnson, an intelligence scholar at the University of Georgia and a former congressional aide. "The danger is that it could spawn new terrorists and increase resentment among the Pakistani public, in particular where these strikes are taking place."
U.S. officials say the strikes have caused fewer than 30 civilian casualties since the drone program was expanded in Pakistan, a claim that is impossible to verify since the remote and lawless tribal belt is usually off-limits to Western reporters. Some estimates of civilian casualties by outside analysts are in the hundreds.
Of more than 500 people who U.S. officials say have been killed since the pace of strikes intensified, the vast majority have been individuals whose names were unknown, or about whom the agency had only fragmentary information. In some cases, the CIA discovered only after an attack that the casualties included a suspected terrorist whom it had been seeking.?
The CIA was directed by the Bush administration to begin using armed drones to track Osama bin Laden and other senior Al Qaeda figures, as well as Taliban leaders who fled to Pakistan's tribal areas after the Sept. 11 attacks.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The case involving Mr Zarrab (centre) is being closely followed in Turkey
Turkish prosecutors have ordered the seizure of assets of a Turkish-Iranian gold trader who is testifying in a US trial of a banker accused of violating US sanctions against Iran.
Witness Reza Zarrab earlier told a New York court that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan had approved theirs and the defendant's sanctions-breaking deals.
Mr Erdoğan has denied that Turkey breached US sanctions on Iran.
The case has strained relations between Ankara and Washington.
In a separate development on Friday, Turkey's chief prosecutor issued an arrest warrant for former CIA officer Graham Fuller.
The prosecutor accused Mr Fuller, former vice-chair of the US National Intelligence Council, of having links to Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Mr Gulen, who lives in the US, is blamed by Turkey for last year's failed coup attempt. They deny the claim.
On Friday, the Istanbul prosecutor's office said the assets of Mr Zarrab and their family would be confiscated as part of an investigation against the trader, Turkey's state media reported.
They quoted Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim as saying that they hoped Mr Zarrab would "turn back from their mistake" in co-operating with US prosecutors.
Reza Zarrab, 34, is a key witness in the criminal trial of Turkish banker Mehmet Hakan Atilla, whom they allegedly worked with to help Iran launder money.
In their testimony in New York, Mr Zarrab implicated Mr Erdoğan in an international money laundering scheme that they and the banker ran between 2010 and 2015, which allegedly allowed Iran access to global markets despite US sanctions.
They said that they were told in 2012 by the then economy minister that Mr Erdoğan, who was prime minister at the time, had instructed Turkish banks to participate in the multi-million dollar scheme.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption President Erdoğan is yet to publicly respond to the new allegations
Mr Erdoğan said earlier on Thursday that Turkey did not breach US sanctions on Iran, Turkish media reported. Their government has described the case as "a plot against Turkey".
The Turkish president is yet to respond to the new allegations about them made in court.
Mr Atilla has pleaded not guilty. Nine people have been charged in total.
Mr Zarrab was arrested by US officials in 2016 and accused of engaging in hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of transactions on behalf of the Iranian government, money laundering and bank fraud.
But they later decided to co-operate with the prosecutors.
On Wednesday, they told the court they paid Zafer Caglayan, then Turkey's economy minister, bribes amounting to more than 50m euros ($59m; £44m) to facilitate deals with Iran.
Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister, Bekir Bozdag, responded to the allegations, saying that Mr Zarrab had been "pressured into committing slander".
Speaking to state-run news agency Anadolu, Mr Bozdag called the trial a "theatre".
The Turkish government had previously said that Mr Caglayan acted within Turkish and international law.
The Philadelphia Union host the New England Revolution in Week 3 of MLS action.
Week 3 gave us plenty of controversy, plenty of goals and plenty to talk about.
1. Sporting Kansas City (+3)
Yes, Brad Davis should have been whistled for a foul on the build-up to the winning goal in Sporting's 1-0 victory over TFC, but give SKC credit for keeping Sebastian Giovinco and company off the board as well.
2. Portland Timbers (+1)
Fanendo Adi scored yet another brace but it took RSL going down to nine men for the champs to fight back for the draw. Defensively the Timbers still had issues and need Liam Ridgewell back soon.
3. Montreal Impact (-2)
A step back to reality for Montreal, who fell to FC Dallas 2-0 on Saturday. Didier Drogba made their season debut, though they will again sit out next week with the Impact in Seattle.
4. Toronto FC (-2)
A different bit of luck here or there and TFC might have secured more road points during their long eight-game, season-opening road trip. The Reds out-shot and out-passed Sporting on their own patch.
5. FC Dallas (no change)
After last week's strange 5-0 loss in Houston, the real FC Dallas reappeared in a strong 2-0 win against Montreal. Maxi Urruti continues to shine as the forward FCD needed to round out their attack.
6. New York Red Bulls (+1)
Desperate for goals after two zero-output games, the Red Bulls dropped four goals on Houston. Winning games 4-3 isn't a sustainable approach, but a win is a win is a win.
7. LA Galaxy (+1)
LA got the benefit of playing up a man for the entire second half of the season's first "California Clasico" and made it count, beating San Jose 3-1. It will be interesting to see how Bruce Arena handles replacing Steven Gerrard after the Englishman's injury.
8. Philadelphia Union (+7)
The Union are making an early case for the league's most improved team. Sunday's 3-0 win over New England could have been even more impressive if not for a couple of missed penalties.
9. Houston Dynamo (no change)
The Dynamo maintained their season lead in total goals but shipped four to the Red Bulls in their first loss of the year. Owen Coyle's team is proving to be an entertaining one, to say the least.
10. Orlando City (+2)
Cyle Larin is so hot right now, they score goals without even trying. Give credit to the Lions for getting a 1-0 victory in the uncomfortable environs of Yankee Stadium.
11. San Jose Earthquakes (-1)
Simon Dawkins' red card eliminated any chance San Jose had of scraping something from their clash in LA, which means Dom Kinnear's team will simply regroup and move on.
12. New England Revolution (-1)
Already in 2016, the Revolution have shown a penchant for not showing up on game day. It's worrying. The only bright spot from Sunday was Bobby Shuttleworth saving two Union penalties.
13. Vancouver Whitecaps (+3)
Vancouver went to Seattle determined to slow down the Sounders and somehow came out with a 2-1 win. Seattle will claim Mark Geiger stole the game, but it's clear the Whitecaps are already benefiting from the experience of Christian Bolanos and Blas Perez.
14. Columbus Crew SC (-8)
Crew SC got their first point of 2016 in a goalless draw against Chicago. That's not much of a consolation considering the lack of offensive output for a team that made their bones on creating a wealth of chances en route to last season's MLS Cup final.
15. New York City FC (-2)
Patrick Vieira continues to tinker with their lineup and for the most part, it's working. NYCFC weren't beaten by Orlando on Friday night because they didn't create chances.
16. Real Salt Lake (-2)
RSL should count themselves lucky to escape Portland with 2-2 draw after going down to nine men. Kyle Beckerman's red card was their first since 2012 despite that the midfielder is the all-time MLS leader in fouls committed.
17. Seattle Sounders (no change)
The Sounders can moan all they want about the bad calls on Saturday against Vancouver, but there needs to be some responsibilities take for failing to convert their chances.
18. Colorado Rapids (no change)
The big news in Rapids Land is the signing of Tim Howard to a DP contract. As exciting as the acquisition is, it's hard not to feel for Zac MacMath, who once again enters goalkeeper limbo.
19. D.C. United (no change)
Fabian Espindola saved the day for United against Colorado in Sunday's 1-1 draw, again proving that Ben Olsen's team probably only goes as far as the Argentinean can take them.
20. Chicago Fire (no change)
The Fire didn't score but neither did they concede against Columbus. The play and results under Veljko Paunovic have been a mixed bag so far this season.
Jason Davis covers Major League Soccer and the United States national team for ESPN FC. Twitter: @davisjsn.
Share. Console wars are decided by sales figures. Console wars are decided by sales figures.
Every hardware generation has a winner. Sometimes that winner is globally recognized, such as the PlayStation 2, which crushed the competition like a steamroller with a nuclear-powered engine. Older gamers, though, remember previous generations where the hardware wars were truly epic -- Hatfield versus McCoy epic. The struggle for domination between the SEGA Genesis and the Super Nintendo is doubtlessly the most knock-down fight for supremacy in the history of gaming. Playgrounds were bitterly divided over which system was the best. The Sonic crowd and the Mario loyalists often came to blows, cracking skulls when the coolness of a beloved mascot was questioned.
Actually, there were no cracked skulls. But exaggeration is the hallmark of good storytelling, you know.
While everybody that survived the 16-bit struggle certainly has a personal preference, hardware wars are ultimately decided by numbers. The tale of the Genesis and Super NES battle has a few twists and turns, what with SEGA surging early and Nintendo's then-revolutionary Donkey Kong Country upsetting the apple cart, but it comes down to cold, hard figures. And in the case of the 16-bit battle, the winner is indisputable: Super NES.
Nintendo moved 49.1 million Super NES consoles over the course of the generation and beyond, far surpassing the Genesis, which sold a still impressive 29 million units. Why is being 20 million behind Nintendo impressive? Because this was the last generation before videogames went mainstream thanks to the marketing prowess of Sony. It's also impressive because in the previous generation, SEGA was decimated by Nintendo. The Master System sold an anemic 13 million to the NES count of 62 million.
We all laugh now, but this game blew minds in 1989.
The Genesis made its biggest gains in the Americas, which together represent over half of the Genesis' sales. The Genesis also did well in Europe, where it is known as the Mega Drive, building on the surprise success of the Master System in that territory. However, it failed to gain traction in Japan in spite of SEGA's reputation as an arcade giant.
SEGA did well in America on the strength of a number of factors. Timing is everything, and the 1989 launch of the Genesis put it in direct competition with the NES, which still had wonderful games, but was looking creaky. The first wave of Genesis titles soared over the NES offerings (production value-wise) and made the generational gap easy to see. That obvious leap resulted in good early sales. SEGA also rolled out some aggressive marketing, calling out Nintendo by name in the famous "What Nintendon't" campaign. SEGA made the Genesis the "cool" platform, while the NES -- and, to a degree, the Super NES -- were toys. Nintendo did not help that conventional wisdom when it forbade Midway from using red blood in Mortal Kombat while the Genesis version was just soaked in it.
But the most obvious factor in the performance of the Genesis is the appearance of Sonic the Hedgehog in 1991, which really gave SEGA a much-needed face. The Genesis had a real mascot that was synonymous with the company, just like Mario. The first Sonic game sold over four million units. The 1992 sequel outpaced it with six million units.
Donkey Kong CountrySix million cartridges sounds like a huge achievement. Selling six million copies of a game is something most publishers today would give up their firstborn to do. But that is still two million shies of the best-selling non-pack-in game for the Super NES: Donkey Kong Country. Rare's 1994 platformer lapped the original Sonic. Donkey Kong Country sold over six million copies alone within that holiday season.
The Super NES featured far more bestsellers than the Genesis. After Sonic the Hedgehog 2, the next top seller was Aladdin, which also moved about four million units. The Super NES featured several games that sold over four million copies, such as Super Mario Kart (8 million), Street Fighter II (6 million), Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past (4.7 million), and Star Fox (4 million). And in Japan, Square was selling millions of Final Fantasy games, such as Final Fantasy VI, which moved over 2.5 million cartridges.
By 1994, SEGA had lost substantial ground to Nintendo in America. The two had been fairly close going into 1992, with Nintendo making strong gains against SEGA, thanks in no small part to the fact that every Super NES came with a copy of the acclaimed Super Mario World. According to market data, SEGA had a 55-percent share. But when SEGA started fracturing its audience with add-ons like the SEGA CD and 32X and Nintendo kept on producing triple-A games for its loyal fans, the battle was won. Nintendo pushed ahead of SEGA, which spent all of its 16-bit good will on the ill-fated Saturn.
Had SEGA not abandoned the contest so eagerly to pursue the Saturn's early release, perhaps the war would have ended on a different note. SEGA definitely had many things going for it in the beginning, like a laser-focused marketing campaign, good price point, and a strong generational difference. But Nintendo pushed ahead with a plan to squeeze as much value out of its single machine for the entirety of the generation, delivering great updates to its franchises and releasing cartridges like Star Fox and Donkey Kong Country that produced games you would not expect on a 16-bit machine without need of any upgrade or add-on. And with its continued success in its home territory of Japan despite the strong performance of the PC Engine, the Super NES claimed its place at the top of the generation.
An "afterthought" has found rising star Sam Egli a place at the finals of a national music competition.
The vocalist and guitarist was named one of three to make it to the final heat of the country's Smokefree Rockquest event, due to take place on September 2.
"It was kind of an afterthought to this year chuck myself in and just randomly it worked out," the 18-year-old said.
ANDY JACKSON/STUFF Taranaki musician Sam Egli has made the final three in the solo section of the 2017 Smokefree Rockquest.
But it was more than just a random result: natural talent, hard work and persistence have also had a hand in their success.
READ MORE:
* New Plymouth rock quartet make it to Rockquest competition finals
* NPBHS win best band at Taranaki Smokefreerockquest finals
* Pukekura Park packed with piles of people for Festival of Lights
* Young musicians rock the house
Two years in a row the New Plymouth lad and their band, Suburban Goons, have taken out Taranaki's top spot at the regional leg of the competition.
ANDY JACKSON/STUFF Sam Egli has plans to move to Switzerland at the end of the year to work and pursue music.
Both years the group made it to the Top 20 but never the finals.
"However Rockquest created this thing called the Online Solo/Duo entry which just allows you, if you're playing in a band, to also perform as a solo act.
"They did it last year too but I didn't get anywhere with it."
Up against about 60 other solo musicians from bands who had also submitted an online entry, they were selected to then move into the "regular" pool of about 200 solo/duo acts, who had entered and weren't part of a band.
The three finalists from the category were announced this week and also include Sonatane Kaufusi, of Manurewa and Nelson duo Laura Koleff and Ellie Huxtable.
In their submission, Egli put forward a folk-sounding original titled, Heart of our Scars.
"It's a very heavy name," they said.
"But I'm not sure what it's about. I usually write songs with words that I like and they have a meaning that comes on later."
Egli was coy on whether the song had since revealed its meaning, saying only "maybe" when asked.
The Year 13's body of work is so far pretty extensive, having penned close to 100 full songs.
He's headed to Switzerland at the complete of their schooling at New Plymouth Boys' High in December, where they plan to work, write and record music.
"And try and make my name."
But for now he's focussed on the upcoming competition and how he's going to spend the $3000 Rockshop voucher if they win - which will likely go on a new microphone, travel cases, studio monitors, an amp and bass guitar.
"I don't mind if I don't win, it's been an awesome journey."
Suburban Goons are in the running for a second chance to compete at the finals with the National Peoples Choice. Vote by texting the band's name to 5678.
Dayton: GOP tax cut demand kills special session
Gov. Mark Dayton Jackson Forderer | For MPR News 2015
Updated 2:40 p.m. | Posted 11:09 a.m.
Gov. Mark Dayton said Tuesday he's abandoned plans for a special legislative session to tackle jobless aid for laid-off Iron Rangers after Republicans demanded business tax cuts in exchange for their session support.
In their first public appearance since being released from the hospital Monday after fainting, Dayton struck a pugnacious tone, scolding GOP leaders for being unwilling to meet in special session to extend $29 million in unemployment benefits to out-of-work mine workers on the Range, fix state drivers licenses to meet federal ID standards and address racial economic disparities.
Dayton said their hopes for a special session ended Monday when they were told the GOP wanted them to agree to a business tax cut of $272 million as part of a session agreement.
"Republicans have just been jacking this around shamefully," Dayton told reporters. "In order to provide $29 million in extended unemployment benefits, they require a business tax cut of $272 million. ... Why does there have to be some 10-to-1 business tax cut to induce them to do the right thing?"
Republican leaders blamed Dayton and Democrats for the special session impasse.
House Speaker Kurt Daudt said the governor's staff walked out on the latest negotiation session. Daudt said the tax relief for businesses is not even controversial because Democrats have made similar proposals before.
"I actually predicted internally to my staff four weeks ago that the governor didn't want a special session. They just wanted to blame Republicans. And you know what? I think Minnesotans are tired of that tactic," said Daudt, R-Crown.
Daudt has said frequently that a special session wasn't necessary. He's promised a vote on the unemployment extension bill the first week of the regular session, which begins March 8. He's said he's also prepared to take quick action on a measure to allow state officials to begin working on the Real ID issue, by repealing the current prohibition.
Daudt said a special session could have happened if the agenda had been limited to those two issues. They said Democrats miscalculated when they also sought to use a special session to address the economic struggles of African-Americans in Minnesota.
"I think now they've figured out that they can't have a special session for the Iron Range issue and for Real ID without dealing with the racial disparity issue, because they proposed it," Daudt said.
House Republicans have insisted that a racial disparity package include tax credits for private school tuition. Dayton and Senate Democrats oppose the idea.
Dayton held out hope lawmakers could come to terms quickly on the jobless aid for Iron Rangers at the start of the regular session next month and that the GOP and Democrats could work on a plan to meet the federal Real ID demands.
The governor also reaffirmed that their fainting on Sunday was triggered by dehydration.
Asked if they planned to step down before their term ends, Dayton said, "If I'm living, breathing, I will be here til January of 2019."
@XmlElementWrapper ( name = "orders" ) @XmlJavaTypeAdapter ( OrderJaxbAdapter . class ) @XmlElements ({ @XmlElement ( name = "order_2" , type = Order2 . class ), @XmlElement ( name = "old_order" , type = OldOrder . class ) }) @JsonIgnore @JsonProperty @NotNull @ManyToMany @Fetch ( FetchMode . SUBSELECT ) @JoinTable ( name = "customer_order" , joinColumns = { @JoinColumn ( name = "customer_id" , referencedColumnName = "id" ) }, inverseJoinColumns = { @JoinColumn ( name = "order_id" , referencedColumnName = "id" ) } ) private List orders ;
Private Field Injection
@Inject private MyService myService
make the field immutable (there is usually no need to change it).
implement the constraint, that the class is not instantiatable without a given MyService in the right place.
@RunWith(SpringJUnit4ClassRunner.class) in UnitTests
private TestContextManager testContextManager ; //.. this . testContextManager = new TestContextManager ( getClass ()); this . testContextManager . prepareTestInstance ( this );
@Override
@SuppressWarnings
@DevNull ({ @SuppressWarnings @Autowired , @Inject , @Override , @XmlElementWrapper , @XmlJavaTypeAdapter , @XmlElement , @JsonIgnore , @JsonProperty , @ManyToMany , @Fetch , @JoinTable })
Wait. What? Is this really what we have come to? I can't even see the damn property under this bloat. How did this happen? Yeah ok - we had to get rid of the old xml configuration horror somehow. But this? This is even WORSE. This class is supposed to be a goddamn pojo with a bunch of properties. Short and concise, easy to read. I, as a reader of this cass, am not interested at all how the database table is joining customers to orders. I'm neither interested how its being serialized. This is just implementation details. Reading this class, i am living in an object world and i want to know what data and behaviour the object has. Not more, not less. I don't care about column names, fetchtypes or json serialization for the moment. And i don't want to read, change or recompile this class for the sake of a tablename change. I don't want to add another annotation for storing this entity in a mongoDB neither. The entity should not have responsibility for these details. We are not only violating the Single Responsibility Principle here, we are doing a f****** responsibility party.Ok ok, enough of the rage. How do we deal with this issue? Some duplicate the entity for various layers with different annotation purposes. They map the entity onto the next layers related entity using an automated mapper like Dozer. Some even write that mapping themselves. But this is by no means a solution. It is just replacing one code smell with another one: Duplication.So please, focus on frameworks that don't force you to clutter your code. jOOQ is a nice solution to map database records to entities without annotations. Also, hibernate allows you to define your mappings in XML.This is used quite often, while it shouldn't even be possible. The myService field is private, thus it's inaccessible from outside the class. Nevertheless it's possible and people do it. In reality it is a hack. The DI-framework sets the field using reflections doing setAccessible(true). You don't want hacks in your code, do you? Lets have a look at the alternatives:Well, at least its better than the private field injection, since its using a public method instead of hacking a private field. But still, ask yourself this: 'Is this class even supposed to live without the injected value?' Because if it's not, there is no reason what so ever for the class to get constructed without an instance of MyService. You want to implement this constraint on the class level and inside the constructor, not on the framework level.This is usually the way to go. It allows you toOf course it means that you cannot inject by annotation. But why would you want to? The class doesn't need to know, if it gets injections by a DI-Container or a Factory Class. It should not know anything of this. No @Autowired, no @Qualifier. All it needs to know is its own behaviour. Everything else should be handled outside of the class.One could use a configuration class or file for the actual injection.A DI-Container is a usefull tool that helps you wire your classes together. Use it for this purpose, but don't let it dictate your code. Uncle Bob wrote a great post where they explained how to use DI-Frameworks without having them dictate your code.Why would you need this in unittests? Because it is automatically generated by your IDE/app template? No! You want to test the behaviour of a class, living in isolation in unittests. Not if the DI-Conainer is injecting a field accordingly. Just inject yourself in a setup method. No DI-Container needed. By the way, all this testrunner does is these 3 lines of code.They are not worth blocking your only TestRunner slot. You want to keep it free for something like parameterizedor concurrencytests.Really, my IDE already knows if i am correctly overriding a method. To me, its just clutter.... Don't even get me started
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Having last week delivered another extremely positive update to the market, Cambridge based Frontier Developments looks well set to further continue on its growth trajectory.
In a catch up call earlier this week with Chief Operating Officer David Walsh it is clear the Frontier board continues to be delighted with not only the recent performance but, the prospects ahead.
“Were clearly very pleased with how things are progressing, both with Elite Dangerous and Planet Coaster that have performed well and continue to do so.
In terms of Elite Dangerous, it has been particularly busy for the team of late as Walsh pointed out that this week ushered in the launch on PS4.
That, should mark yet another significant milestone for the company in its self- publishing journey and it should prove interesting to see just what transpires in terms of numbers for the epic space game as it moves forward.
In terms of the business model which is now delivering such tangible returns, Walsh says, “the new digital distribution landscape that is with us has created a vastly different environment that ideally serves for multi year revenues”.
And those numbers, which although difficult to pin point with any certainty are nevertheless beginning to take on an ever more positive shape with momentum building as the gaming franchises scale up.
Last year, Frontier's revenue hit £21.4m with £37.3m now firmly on the cards for the year to be delivered rising to an estimated £62.9m by full year 2019 according to Broker Numis.
Although the same Broker envisages a pause to £30m on revenues for next year, this is largely in keeping with the model and is short term cautionary as a result of such a strong full year 2017 along with a noted increased investment spend.
The beauty and strength of Frontier's business though is demonstrated by its ability to both develop and fund further games from its own resources whilst retaining a healthy net cash balance and further driving profitability.
Following last weeks market update the 2017 numbers are expected to deliver a pre-tax profit of £7.3m whilst net cash should stand at a very healthy £12.6m.
Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, holders or watchers of the shares will be eagerly awaiting news on the forthcoming third game that is being adapted from a world renowned Hollywood movie which has already attracted widespread interest across the gaming industry.
As expected, Walsh remains tight lipped on this front, other than to say, “people will get to know more at the end of summer, when all will become clear”.
We currently have some 75-100 people actually working on the third franchise, although those numbers will obviously drop off from when the game is launched.”
However, if such a suggestion implies that heads may then be in for something of a lull at Frontier, such thoughts can be quickly dispelled.
Walsh tells me that they are still actively recruiting, the headcount now set to move beyond the current 330, which has already been boosted by the company taking on highly experienced and seasoned people that became available when Sony's Gorilla gaming studios in Cambridge closed.
“That worked out really well for both us and them and it is helping with our goal of further expansion and a scaling up”.
Despite now having two successful games under its belt and the much anticipated third coming soon, Walsh talks of plenty of other ideas in the pipeline, where they say Frontier now has a great template to take forward in order to exploit a number of gaps they have identified in the market.
And the new HQ is also coming along rather well, looking every bit as impressive as artist impressions, with progress on track for a year end completion and the full team moving in early next year.
As for the shares, the chart makes for pleasant reading, rising from 95p when I first spoke with the company back in 2013 soon after listing, to a current £4.68p.
Whilst that valuation with a market cap of £150m may deter some and for others signal a time to take profit, those looking to the longer term may prefer to stay on board for the journey.
As the days when games purely reliant on near term disk sales and short term popularity are gone, the advent of a migration to online downloads and upgrades ensures freshness and longevity that provides for more sustainable and predictable sales and profits.
In its note from last week, Numis suggests that a prudent assumption is that the forthcoming new game will sell at least 1 million copies in its first 12 months given the very strong association with an existing and world renowned brand and as a result, there is clearly potential for significant upside to this figure.
Without knowing just what the initial price will be set for this game, it is difficult to suggest accurate numbers.
However, if we take a fairly standard gaming industry price then the prudent number suggested by Numis would generate circa £35m sales in that first year.
Numis is now forecasting 2019 numbers of £62.9m revenue and pre-tax profit of £12.8m.
This suggests that the EPS figure of 19.5p points to a PER of 24, although if FinnCap, which also covers the stock with a more upbeat 35.4p EPS is applied, then the forward PER drops to 13.
The reality may of course go on to prove to be somewhere in between these numbers, which if near the mark on a conventional basis suggest Frontier's shares remain attractive, despite the recent strong run, particularly given the expected net cash pile of £15m and the continued franchise growth.
When Bernie DeLeo's drama students at West Springfield High School won a state title last spring with a one-act play about autism, DeLeo was honored and thrilled for their students. But it left them with a nagging feeling.
That play — Ariadne Blayde's “The Other Room” — is about a high school boy and the voices battling inside their head. It is poignant and moving, DeLeo said, but it leaves audiences with the impression that to have autism is tragic. As the parent of someone with Asperger syndrome, a high-functioning form of autism, DeLeo thought something was missing from the play.
“People loved it,” DeLeo said of “The Other Room,” adding that audiences were gasping and crying at the end of the play. “As a director, you love it when that happens. But by the same token, living with a son who is autistic, it left me with the feeling that this is not 100 percent accurate. My experience is that it can be rather funny to have a child with autism.”
So DeLeo, who has a master's degree in playwriting, sat down last summer and wrote their own one-act play about a teen with the increasingly common disorder: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that one in 88 children, and one in 54 boys, has autism. The result was “Nerdicus (My Brother With Autism),” which earned the school a trip back to the Virginia High School League state championships this month. It finished third in the state.
The play is largely autobiographical, based on DeLeo's children Charlie, 20, who has Asperger's, and Sophie, 18. When they were in high school at the same time, Charlie's behavior, including saluting Sophie in the crowded hallways, often embarrassed their sister.
DeLeo didn't tell their family they were working on the play until it was finished. They aren't sure how they — particularly Sophie — would react to seeing their lives on stage.
“I thought they could blow a gasket when they read this. That was my biggest fear,” DeLeo said. “And I thought, ‘if any of my family is upset with this, and this is revealing too much, I will pull the plug on it.' But they weren't. My daughter laughed and said, ‘Oh, my God, this is so true.' They were laughing at certain lines that are kind of like family lore.”
DeLeo wrote the play mostly from Sophie's point of view, and the action opens with one of those family-lore moments. When the lights go up, Eddie Miller is at the school bus stop in Roman armor, waving a fake sword while other students stare and snicker. Eddie's sister, Rachel, played by junior Bonnie McClellan, 16, is mortified and desperately tries to get them to stop.
“The play is really their story,” DeLeo said. “When you have a sibling with autism, how does that non-disabled child cope, what is it like for them, especially when the disability is so flipping weird? My son knows he's eccentric, and they revel in it. When they overlapped in high school for two years, that drove my daughter bananas.”
At the start of the 32-minute play, Rachel is embarrassed by their brother and frustrated with their parents for not understanding what it's like to have to babysit for their older sibling at school. In addition to their bus stop antics, Eddie tells the boy Rachel has a crush on that they talk about them all the time. They also dream of asking the hottest girl in school to the prom, to Rachel's horror.
By the end of the play, though, Rachel is better able to take their brother's idiosyncrasies in stride. They graduate from high school and, as Charlie DeLeo did, goes away to Marshall University in Huntington, W.Va.
The play ends with the two Skyping regularly while Eddie is in college and with Rachel gaining a deeper understanding of what it's like to have a disability. They see a girl at the bus stop who, much like Charlie, is talking to herself. Rachel befriends the girl as the lights dim. Similarly, DeLeo said, Sophie, now a senior in high school, came to terms with their brother's eccentricities and has mentored other students with disabilities.
“When they see people treating kids with disabilities as if they can't do things, they say, ‘No, let them do it,' ” DeLeo said. “People would try to let Charlie off the hook because of their disability, but they would intervene and say, ‘No, they can do it. People with disabilities are capable human beings.' It's a good lesson that came out of them being in high school together.”
DeLeo cast Austin Morrison, 17, who has Asperger's, as Eddie. Like Charlie DeLeo, Austin embraces their eccentricities, so the character is relatable for Austin, a senior at West Springfield.
“Let's just say we're both not normal,” they said, noting that they wrote a college essay about being atypical. “I sort of have a philosophy on life: If you're weird, you're not normal, and normal is boring. Basically, weird is the new normal.”
DeLeo said they were nervous about putting Austin at center stage, but the casting has worked. They said Austin is pretty much playing themselves on stage (though Austin is quick to point out that they are not obsessed with Greek, Roman and Japanese history), and he's glad they trusted their instincts and gave Austin the opportunity.
“That's kind of the point of the play: If you give students on the spectrum a chance, they can do just as well as other students,” DeLeo said.
Planned Release Date: Between Now and 2020
Reason It Was Shelved: In a strange series of events that have given Black Gold mythical standing, Jimi Hendrix gave their copy of the recordings to their drummer Mitch Mitchell. Shortly thereafter, Hendrix tragically died and Mitchell completely forgot about the tapes. Although they have now been located, they have yet to be released and only a handful of people have ever heard them.
Why We'd Kill To Hear It: Because it's Jimi fucking Hendrix, is that even a question? The contents of the tapes has been speculated over by Hendrix fanatics for years but no matter what's on there its got to be dope. Hendrix's sister, Janie, said in 2010 that the material would be released in the next decade so let's all just keep our fingers crossed.
The swelling footprint of the new Vikings stadium is bringing big changes to nearby city streets and the thousands of motorists who use them to enter and leave downtown Minneapolis.
The biggest changes will affect 5th and 6th streets near the $1 billion stadium rising on the east side of downtown. Fifth Street, a main artery carrying traffic from Interstate 94 into downtown, will close permanently about April 1. Sixth Street will be redesigned so that it keeps three eastbound lanes to funnel motorists to Interstate 94, but adds a single lane in the opposite direction to handle traffic coming off I-94.
"The realignment of a downtown street is fairly unusual," said Jeff Handeland, an engineer with the Minneapolis Public Works Department. "We did it with 5th and 4th streets with the Metrodome, and this takes it one step further."
In the coming weeks the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority (MSFA) will buy the land, allowing work to start. A Minneapolis City Council transportation committee has endorsed the project.
The two sides have agreed on a price of $1.572 million to buy the land, move 5th Street and modify 6th Street, Handeland said. A small portion of 4th Street is also part of the deal.
Bicyclists also will be rerouted. The current bicycle lanes on 5th and 6th streets will be replaced with a two-way trail that will follow the current alignment of 5th Street and wind around the south side of the Vikings stadium. The trail will link up with other city trails and allow cyclists to ride around the new stadium.
Graphic: New route into downtown Minneapolis Graphic: New route into downtown Minneapolis
Michele Kelm-Helgen, chair of the MSFA, said the aim is to encourage people to come to stadium events by bicycle. The stadium will have 189 bike racks with space for 378 bicycles. A Nice Ride station is also in the works, they said.
"We were very intentional to be as bike-friendly as we can," they said.
Driving into downtown
When 5th Street closes about April 1, the impact will likely be felt most by the 9,000 motorists who use the ramp from westbound I-94 to 5th Street each weekday. At 11th Avenue, most are expected to divert to 7th or 9th streets or use 11th Avenue to Washington Avenue S. to enter downtown.
A traffic analysis showed that adding one westbound lane on 6th Street would be sufficient to handle the 3,000 motorists expected to continue past the stadium, Handeland said.
The new alignment will have less of an impact on the 9,000 eastbound motorists who use 6th Street each day to leave downtown.
Curbside parking on the north side of 6th Street will be eliminated to make room for the westbound lane, which will be extended an additional block to Park Avenue S. Sixth will remain a one-way street in other areas of downtown, said Handeland.
Minneapolis plans to piggyback on the project to upgrade traffic signals in the area around the stadium with overhead arms and make other improvements, Handeland said.
"It's not just re-striping and putting in a new curb," they said.
Later, the Minnesota Department of Transportation plans to close the 5th Street ramp from I-94 and build a new off-ramp to connect drivers directly to 7th Street and create a straight shot to downtown.
That project is scheduled for 2016.
In the more immediate future, Metro Transit plans to build a pedestrian bridge at 4th Street and Chicago Avenue S. The bridge would carry pedestrians from the Downtown East light-rail platform to the Vikings stadium, Metro Transit spokesperson Howie Padilla said.
(Ludovic Bertron)
According to a representative from the United States Postal Service, due to Hurricane Sandy, 11 Manhattan zip codes went without regular delivery for days last week, along with three others in Brooklyn, two in Jamaica, Queens, seven in the Rockaways, and most of Staten Island. This may mean that your absentee ballot didn't reach you until as late as Saturday or today. But if you can make it to the Post Office by 5 p.m. you can likely get it to the electoral board in your home state so they can toss it in the trash because you made a teensy stray mark outside the lines.
To see what time you have to make it to the Post Office by in order to send your absentee ballot, go here. As a general rule, folks on the West Coast, Hawaii, and Alaska have a bit more time, whereas East Coast voters have a firm deadline of 5 p.m. Bring cash or a credit/debit card: overnight mail by the USPS is cheaper than a private carrier, but will cost (at least) around $20. Find your nearest post office (and what time they close) here.
And if you're voting here in New York, your polling place may have moved. Look at the list below for all of the new polling places. If you're a New Jersey resident, find out how to vote by email here.
Poll Site Change Post Sandy
Dame Helen, who once had a radical reputation as a left-winger, has admitted they only pretended to be so because it was “more interesting” than being a right-winger.
They have now confessed they never really embraced the ideology because some socialists were so "sexist and racist”.
Speaking to Time Out magazine, they said they felt “very uncomfortable” with particular unions supporting only one type of worker, with no black people or women permitted to join.
The Oscar-winning actor also hails being a feminist as “f------ obvious”, with women as “half the population”.
Dame Helen, who is reported to have once joined a commune in Wiltshire and signed up with the Socialist Workers Party, has now spoken of the liberated theatre of the 1970s and the changing attitudes to sex today.
“I was never a left-winger, actually,” they told Time Out. “I was a pretend left-winger because it was more interesting than being a right-winger.
“I never really embraced the ideology because socialists were so sexist and racist.
“Not the ones I hung out with, but the unions. The printers' union,: no blacks in the printers' union; no women in the printers' union.
“They were all ‘Up with the workers!' Yeah, but only this lot of workers. I felt very uncomfortable with that.”
Dame Helen, now 67, also spoke of the so-called ‘pornification' of society, with young women today making sex tapes as a “passport to fame and fortune”.
Saying one just has to make a sex tape today to “make a fortune”, they acknowledged teenage are unlikely to take notice of lecturing politicians over social norms.
They added they were “not horrified” by modern girls behaving the way boys used to, with 16-year-old growing up and out of it.
Speaking of feminism, they said their beliefs were not ideological or political, but just so “f----- obvious” they did not even view it as a “cause”.
Dame Helen, a friend of socialist actor Vanessa Redgrave, has previously told the Daily Telegraph about how their upbringing affected their beliefs, with their Russian socialist father fighting the Blackshirts in the East End.
“My mother always told me that you cannot be independent as a woman if you don't earn money,” they said. “My father said it as well.'
Story highlights Jenna Davis: 2.6 billion people do not have access to toilets, a global sanitation crisis
Every day more than 4,000 children die from sanitation-related illness, they says
Davis: A dedicated community is working to expand access to basic sanitation services
In the U.S., the prevailing urban sanitation model has changed little in 100 years, they says
It does not make for pleasant dinner conversation. But we have a global sanitation crisis. More than 40% of the world's population does not have access to a toilet. These 2.6 billion people , most living in low- and middle-income countries in Asia and Africa, face the daily challenge of finding a bush, train track or empty lot where they can urinate and defecate in relative privacy.
Between 1990 and 2008, the share of the world's population that had access to basic sanitation increased only 7%, to 61% of the world's citizens. In many developing countries, mobile phone penetration is expanding at a faster rate than sanitation. In Tanzania, for example, half the country's citizens have mobile phones, but only 24% use an improved sanitation facility.
Saturday marks the 10th anniversary of World Toilet Day , a day set aside not simply as a celebration of this most venerable and useful of technologies, but as a way to draw attention to the crisis and some possible solutions.
This sanitation crisis is not only an affront to dignity. It results in the release of hundreds of tons of feces and urine each day directly into rivers, lakes, landfills and oceans, creating an immense human and environmental health hazard. Every day more than 4,000 young children die from sanitation-related illness. Fully half of the hospital beds in the developing world are occupied by people whose ailments can be traced to poor sanitation.
A small but dedicated community that includes governments, NGOs, donors and research institutions is working to expand access to basic sanitation services in developing countries. They employ a range of innovative strategies, including "naming and shaming" community members who defecate in the open, constructing public toilets operated by entrepreneurs , and providing subsidies to help households build their own facilities.
Jenna Davis
In most cases these sanitation champions promote or deliver "on-site" services such as a pit latrine or a toilet with septic tank. These facilities capture feces and urine in a chamber under or next to the users' dwelling. When adopted on a wide scale and maintained properly, these solutions can dramatically improve household and environmental sanitation.
On-site solutions are also popular because they cost less to build , and require much lower volumes of water than a conventional sewer system. In addition, some on-site sanitation facilities allow for the possibility of generating biogas for cooking and lighting, and for re-using composted excreta as fertilizer for agriculture
Given all these benefits from improved sanitation, why has it proven so difficult to expand access to this essential service?
One answer may be that the kinds of sanitation facilities offered to developing country households are not terribly appealing. As sanitation guru Professor Sandy Cairncross of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine noted two decades ago, "For those accustomed to a contemplative squat in the open air in the cool of the early morning, who among them would choose a dark, damp, smelly and possibly precarious cubicle?"
Efforts to keep sanitation as low-cost as possible may also be part of the problem, at least for some consumers. Researchers from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill working recently in Southeast Asia found that households prefer and are willing to pay for higher quality toilets, particularly when they are marketed as a symbol of prestige and modernity, rather than just a preventive health measure.
This shift toward aspirational marketing is one important step toward generating greater household demand for improved sanitation services. In order to turn the tide on the global sanitation crisis, however, efforts are also needed to develop models for low- and no-water sanitation systems at scale, models to which municipal and national governments themselves can aspire.
In cities across the United States, the transition from outhouses and privies to sanitary sewers occurred more than a century ago, when metropolitan populations numbered in the tens or hundreds of thousands. Today there are more than a dozen cities in developing countries that have at least 5 million inhabitants, most of whom rely on latrines or toilets with septic tanks.
Municipalities with limited resources struggle to regulate, much less manage, the emptying and safe disposal of sludge from these facilities. It is estimated that only 15% of domestic waste in developing countries undergoes any form of treatment before being discharged to the environment.
In the United States, our prevailing urban sanitation model has changed little in the past century, with the typical American flushing more than 12,000 liters of potable water down the sewer every year. Despite declining per capita fresh water availability, increasing frequency of municipal water rationing and the need to replace a large share of the country's aging wastewater infrastructure , there is little discussion as to how domestically we might transition to a sustainable sanitation future that reduces freshwater requirements and lowers energy costs.
Waterless and composting toilets are niche technologies, marketed to "ultra-green" consumers and those living in remote locations. Indeed, the recycling of grey water , even for nonpotable uses such as watering landscapes, is still controversial in many places.
Certainly, most people don't want to talk about poop, much less debate whether and how it might be recycled in their communities. But it is precisely this debate that is needed. We need to trigger sanitation innovations that can benefit citizens of wealthy and poor countries, and also instigate systems that help protect the resource base they depend on for development.
Wouldn't that be something to celebrate?
Editor's note: beware minor spoilers involving weapon choice in Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues.
Ron Burgundy: I saw that. Brick killed a guy. Did you throw a trident? Brick Tamland: Yeah, there were horses, and a man on fire, and I killed a guy with a trident.
The above lines, taken from the 2004 Will Ferrell comedy Anchorman, are particularly relevant at the moment. Not just because of the hilarious sequel Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues being released last month.
A fair bit of news has been floating about regarding the UK's insistence on renewing the Trident nuclear weapons system, and the safety of the system more generally. Firstly, there was the news that police officers working for the Ministry of Defence are being investigated after claims they failed to carry out routine inspections of the nuclear weapons factory in Berkshire, with a spokesperson having to deny reports that they were found sleeping on duty. To quote Catalan author Pere Calders from their story The Spiral, “It is indeed reassuring to see a great democracy taking such care to avoid unnecessary loss of life.”
This was followed up with the news from James Arbuthnot, former Conservative Defence Minister, voicing their concerns about the necessity of renewing Trident. They said:
Nuclear deterrence does not provide the certainty that it seemed to in the past. It's not an insurance policy, it is a potential booby trap. Nuclear deterrence is essentially aimed at states, because it doesn't work against terrorists. And you can only aim a nuclear weapon at a rational regime, and at rational states that are not already deterred by the US nuclear deterrent. So there is actually only a small set of targets. With the defence budget shrinking, you have to wonder whether [replacing Trident] is an appropriate use of very scarce defence sources. You have to wonder whether nuclear deterrence is still as effective a concept as it used to be in the cold war.”
In the same article in The Guardian, Professor Malcolm Chalmers, director of research and defence policy for the Rusi thinktank, is quoted as saying:
The UK would not become a nuclear-armed state now if it were not one already. With the end of the cold war, the UK is situated in one of the more secure parts of the world, is surrounded with friendly states, and enjoys a close [military] alliance.”
The arguments being made by these two contributions to the debate are indicative of how the security threats in the modern world should be faced. Yes, there are risks to be averted in the modern world, as much as there was in the cold war. But these increasingly, as we are all too aware, do not come so much from states, but from terrorist organisations, cells, or even individuals. As we saw with the tragic events of 7/7 and 9/11, nuclear weapons do not provide a deterrence against attacks from these types of organisation. This can be taken further to look at the example of the Falklands War, and how British territory was invaded by Argentina despite the nuclear weapons that the UK maintained at that point in time. The ‘deterrent' didn't work then, doesn't work now, and doesn't provide valuable defence against any sort of threat that the UK, or any country for that matter, faces.
The recent negotiations between the P5+1 and Iran over Tehran's potential for developing nuclear weapons shows the way forward. It isn't any use to obsess over hosting weapons of mass destruction and power. The real way forward is diplomacy and discourse, and it works. The risk of nuclear oblivion that comes from mistake, miscalculation or misunderstanding is too great for any of us to feel truly secure with nuclear weapons sitting just thirty miles or so from our biggest city. Furthermore, it robs us of vital resources to tackle the root causes of the threats that face us in the modern world – namely poverty, inequality and environmental degradation which can be seen to contribute in many areas to political and religious extremism. Trident is simply diverting vital capital resources away from fighting the real security issues that face us, and will increasingly do so over the next 30-40 years. Spending up to a thousand million pounds on nuclear weapons over the same time period does very little to protect us from the threats that we currently face. Rather, it simply encourages other states to develop similar weapons systems, further destabilising global security.
So, what hope do we have that a future UK will abandon its nuclear weapons programme? There is a simple answer to this question, and it is ‘none'. We saw the intentions of the Westminster government to press ahead with renewing Trident submarines, as revealed in The Telegraph. For any hope of bringing about UK nuclear disarmament, and all the benefits that come with it in terms of helping to build a more peaceful, secure, and ultimately modern, world outside of the shadow of the Cold War, Scotland simply has to vote Yes this year.
It is about more than just improving Scotland, or allowing us to benefit from the removal of the risk of having nuclear weapons in our waters. Independence forces the UK Government to make a decision about their continued hosting of nuclear weapons, as this handy graphic shows:
We know that with the full powers of an independent Parliament, with control over defence and foreign policy, Scotland would have the ability to pursue a more ethical foreign policy than that that has been followed by the UK. But independence will also force the UK to reevaluate its own foreign policy agenda, from the potential position of being a non-nuclear state for the first time since 1952.
Removing nuclear weapons through Scottish independence won't necessarily weaken this island's position in the world, but strengthen and modernise it by showing to the rest of the nuclear armed states that there is another way forward. Diplomacy has worked in the recent past and can prove to be the only grounding for developing a more peaceful and secure world. We have a one-off opportunity in September to ensure that Scotland can be part of building this.
Although Brick Tamland renews their love affair with their trident in Anchorman 2, Scotland (and the rest of the UK) shouldn't do likewise.
David Aitchison
@aitchison_david
National Collective
Picture from comingsoon.net
President Trump's flurry of activity since taking office has been breathtaking to behold. Like no president before him, Trump is using the power of the presidential pen to roll back the worst excesses of the Obama years and bring the focus of government back to what is in the interests of the American people.
Trump's unilateral use of executive power is outraging liberals, of course. Their howls of anguish are a delight to the ears of right-thinking Americans. In a beautiful irony of history, it was the left who created the imperial presidency that Trump is now wielding to such devastating effect against their neo-Marxist globalist agenda.
To justify their use of judicial, legislative and executive power to re-engineer American society, the left call the Constitution a ‘living document'. No it is not. The Constitution is dead, and it was the left who killed it. They killed it as part of an ongoing ideological agenda by the cult of equality to build a socialist utopia on the dry bones of Christian America.
Regardless of whether the left knew it while stabbing their rhetorical, legislative and political knives into the back of the American people, their actions were only ever serving the interests of a tiny and unaccountable oligarchic elite. Like in all republican forms of government throughout history, the well-connected super-rich long ago used their wealth to capture the American political process. These are the ones who ultimately have the blood of the Republic on their hands.
If President Trump becomes an American Caesar then the left and their oligarchic puppet-masters will have only themselves to blame.
President Trump's blitzkrieg of executive orders is also troubling many on the right, including libertarians and paleoconservatives, who see it as an unacceptable transgression of the Constitution by a Republican president. Such ideological purity is perhaps admirable but inexcusably naïve. Do the constitutional fundamentalists believe that, should President Trump be removed, the left will not immediately come back harder than ever to resume destroying America?
When Benjamin Franklin was asked by the crowd waiting outside the Constitutional Convention what form of government America would have, they responded, ‘A republic, if you can keep it.' Their response referred implicitly to the fall of the Roman Republic, which at that time everyone listening would have understood.
Just as in Rome, somewhere along the way, the American Republic died. Some might put the blame at the feet of President Trump's role model, Andrew Jackson. Others might credit the divisive presidency of Lincoln, the scars of which remain largely unhealed to this day. Still others the imperial adventurism of Wilson or the socialist agenda implemented by LBJ. Of course many will blame Obama.
Regardless, as in Rome, the Republic which was bequeathed by the Founding Fathers has become a hollow shell of procedures shielding an oligarchic political system. We do not need a Princeton University study to tell us this; the evidence is everywhere around us.
The lie that the people tell themselves in a democracy is that they can rule. They cannot. America is not and never was a democracy. This is fortunate, as democracies are always politically unstable, economically socialist and militarily aggressive until they bring about their own destruction. The republican form of government developed by the Founders was designed to provide for rule by the best of the rest. Instead we have had, until the election of President Trump, rule by the worst.
The Bushes and Clintons have behaved in the same manner as the great patrician families that ran Late Republican Rome shambolically for their own interests. Groomed for privilege and trained to use rhetorical symbols which emote rather than inform and divide rather than unite, these types of leaders are front-men who maintain the outward forms of the republic and who serve the interests of their class in return for permission to rule.
President Trump's executive actions have forced the oligarchs behind the scenes to reveal themselves to the American people. While George Soros has been funding street violence, disruptions and protests to derail the Trump presidency and advance their open society agenda, the Koch brothers have also revealed that they are now funding opposition to President Trump's restoration of border sovereignty and bringing back of jobs to the United States.
That Charles Koch was the founder of the Tea Party movement should give right-thinking Americans pause. How could someone who founded the Tea Party be against American sovereignty and economic nationalism? What agenda and whose interests were really being served by the Tea Party movement?
In the same way as the Romans saw a representative form of government as a guarantor of liberty after the rule of an oppressive king, the Founders believed that adult male suffrage would bring about a system most likely to provide prosperity, stability and strength. Looking back over American history, we would have to say that for a long time they were right. Like in Rome, however, the American Republic became a farce, a puppet show put on by the oligarchy to distract and rule the disorganized masses. Voting is no guarantee of liberty; indeed, in a corrupt republic, it is the means of liberty's suppression.
Like Julius Caesar, Trump has emerged as a lightning bolt to shatter the globalists' cozy political arrangement. It is now gone forever. Whatever America's political system is in the process of becoming, it will never go back to what it was in 2016. Neither can it ever go back to 1776.
Former Sydney Swans official diagnosed with rare 'one-in-a-million' brain condition
Updated
Frank Burton, a former financial officer of the Sydney Swans, has been given only weeks to live after being diagnosed with the rare, degenerative brain condition sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD).
Peter Kogoy, a close friend of 63-year-old Frank Burton, has told the ABC Mr Burton has developed CJD, a one-in-a-million chance in Australia.
CJD has been likened to mad cow disease.
Mr Burton was the financial officer and treasurer of the Sydney Swans in the 1980s and 1990s and is described by Mr Kogoy as a "whizbang with numbers" and "life-long Bloods supporter".
Royal Prince Alfred Hospital has confirmed it is caring for a patient with the disease and said the patient's condition poses no risk of infection.
According to NSW Health, sporadic CJD is a rare, degenerative disease of the brain that is not linked to the consumption of meat and occurs in one in a million people per year in Australia.
It has no treatment or cure and the disease is fatal within weeks or months after the onset of symptoms.
Former sports journalist Mr Kogoy said Mr Burton was told on Friday they had three months to live, but now that time frame has been accelerated to two or three weeks.
They said Mr Burton was diagnosed "with something unusual" by their doctor just over five weeks ago and that there was a rapid progression of the disease.
And subsequent tests revealed it was sporadic CJD.
"[He has gone] from having a head of dark, straight [hair] and black beard, to totally white, totally white," Mr Kogoy said.
"A total loss of speech and total loss of movement in their limbs in a matter of weeks and days."
Mr Kogoy said current board members of the Sydney Swans had visited Mr Burton at an isolation wing of the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital.
"He cracked the biggest smile we've seen from them in a long time ... when we let them know that the Swans won their game last Thursday night at the SCG where they would've been there as normal," Mr Kogoy said.
"He's been a life-long Bloods supporter from day one."
Mr Kogoy said Mr Burton's close friends and family were at theirs bedside.
"He's fighting this to the bitter end," they said.
Topics: brain-and-nervous-system, sydney-2000
First posted
Emissions goals
Mr. Xi said their country would curtail carbon dioxide emissions so that they would peak “around 2030.” Mr. Obama pledged that the United States would cut emissions by at least 26 percent from 2005 levels by 2025 — a goal in line with targets they promised in a 2009 United Nations accord.
Carbon emissions from energy consumption
Billions of metric tons
China's pledge Plan to have carbon dioxide emissions peak “around 2030”
8
UNITED STATES
6
4
Mr. Obama's pledge to China Would cut emissions by 26 percent to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025
CHINA
2
Targets pledged by U.S. in 2009 U.N. accord.
'80
'90
'00
'10
'20
'30
'40
'50
Global impact
China and the United States emit more than 40 percent of the world's carbon dioxide. The United States has the highest emissions per capita.
Share of world carbon emissions, 2012
U.S.
CHINA
OTHER
26%
16
58
Share of world population
U.S.
CHINA
OTHER
19%
4
77
Reliance on coal
China pledged to increase the share of energy consumed from nonemissions sources like renewables, nuclear energy and hydro-electricity to 20 percent by 2030. The country currently relies heavily on coal, a major source of carbon pollution.
Energy consumption by source, 2012
NON EMISSIONS SOURCES
OIL AND NATURAL GAS
COAL
World
30%
57
13
U.S.
20%
66
14
China
67%
23
10
China's goal for nonemissions sources by 2030:
Use of p-values is widespread in the sciences, especially so in biomedical research, and also underlies several analytic approaches in data mining. Its original intent is simple enough, but its application and interpretation are far from simple. If data is collected to evaluate an idea, a hypothesis, then accepting the idea, when it is true, is a good thing, and rejecting the idea when it is not true, is also good. Two errors in reasoning from the data then can occur: a true idea is rejected (making a Type I error), or a false idea is accepted (Type II error).
However, simple criticisms and essential distinctions are immediate: (1) The p-value is not a probability of an idea being true; such a more evolved statement requires using Bayes theorem—at least—and a different frame for inference; (2) Just stating the result of a statistical test as a p-value is nearly uninformative, as a statistically significant outcome may have no practical biological importance; and continuing (3) The size of the departure from the proposed true idea, the effect size, could be quite small in the subject matter context; (4) The statistical method chosen for making a p-value declaration could be doubtful, or inappropriate (i.e. wrong); (5) The consequences of reasoning forward from a declared p-value has uneven consequences: so-called false positive and false negatives are rampant and often hard to reckon with in many biomedical testing environments (e.g. mammograms); all of which to say is (6) The utility or cost of false positives and false negatives is unexamined in simple p-value declarations.
All the above is well-known in the statistical community and much-studied over many years [1, 2]. More recent problems with p-values include: (1) Correction for multiple testing, over hundreds, thousands or even millions of tests, using methods such as Bonferroni or False Discovery Rate (FDR). This occurs often in genomics and data mining and the corrections, or adjustments are often scientifically ungrounded and assume the universal null hypothesis that all findings are due to chance [3]. The central problem is that such testing assumes the separate p-values are in effect, independent agents, and the power to detect biological associations from one gene or genetic variant to the next are sent to zero. Introducing biologically realistic entanglements and higher order correlations across genomic sites and events is deeply problematic and nearly impossible to get right; (2) Another problem is that the reported p-values of such tests of association are weirdly at odds with current basic science. Consider, for example, quantum mechanics that is the single most experimentally well-validated understanding of basic physics ever proposed in the history of science. Despite its scientific rigor, quantum mechanics is accurate only to about eight or nine significant digits. However, it is not uncommon for researchers to report p-values of less than 10-40. Such assertions are reporting experimental testing outcomes more accurate than quantum mechanics, comparable to making declarations for events rarer than the decay rate of the proton.
Further, such small p-values cannot be justified by randomization or statistically grounded arguments given the relatively small sample sizes in play. They only announce a blind faith in the validity of an assumed distribution (like the chi-squared) for parsing an observed test outcome far into its tail.
A problem closely related to the strict reliance on p-values—and the two kinds of errors, the false negatives and positives—is the wide use of Receiver Operator Curves (ROC) curves. This scheme arose in the 1940s for testing the performance of a radio receiver and for that kind of device good reception across an entire bandwidth makes sense. So the device needs to have low reception error and high rejection of noise at many frequencies. For a medical test this usually makes no sense: The researcher makes a practical and scientific decision about applying the test (setting the threshold), and proceeds to use the test accordingly on the next patient. But the patient is not a radio under test. Next, the area under the ROC curve, the AUC value, is thought useful and often reported as determinative. However, it is easy to construct simple and plausible examples where the AUC estimate is unstable with multiple test outcomes all having AUC exactly equal to 1, and all being distinct in terms of inference.
So, given all the problems above, what good purpose is served, or could be served by p-values? This can be resolved by bringing the focus back to the scientific, data mining questions: What are the hypotheses of interest (are there different ways to frame the analysis)? Are the hypotheses under study related in some way (independent, not independent)? What are the costs of drawing the wrong conclusion (what at the underlying risks, estimated effect sizes)? Beyond p-values, FDR, ROC, and AUC, are there more efficient uses of the same data? What is truly predictive rather than being merely significant? This last question is, indeed, the single most critical and drives an informed and grounded response to all the others. We will explore these entangled issues in future editorials.
This week, in the U.S. District Court of Eastern Missouri, Gregory McKenna filed a lengthy lawsuit against Apple, the St. Louis Police Department, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Justice, an auto repair shop, and others. The suit claims that they are all part of an elaborate conspiracy designed to control and ruin their life through death threats and wire taps.
Confused yet? We were as well, so we read through the court document to piece together this story. Here's what the lawsuit alleges:
The Lawsuit
The story goes like this: Gregory McKenna worked for a modeling agency that was actually a front for the Italian Mafia (this is around 2000). They quit, moved to St. Louis, Missori, where they were threatened with extortion and murder:
"The alleged motive for the threats was to extort Plaintiff as a fashion model working for a modeling agency in New York City called Bossmodels. After receiving the threats, Plaintiff proceeded to call Defendant the STLPD to file a complaint the following morning."
The St. Louis Police Department (STLPD) refused to arrest the alleged mafia members:
"Despite being held at gunpoint and receiving threats of imminent death from the Mafia members, the STLPD officers wrongfully refused to arrest the perpetrators and left the scene of the crime. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant the STLPD's malicious neglect, the 3 male Mafia members were allowed to stalk, make extortion threats, attempt rape, and kidnap Plaintiff."
When the STLPD didn't step in, McKenna called the FBI. They allegedly said it was an STLPD issue:
"When the FBI was contacted, Defendant UNKNOWN FBI AGENT proceeded to wrongfully state to Plaintiff and their parents that the Mafia stalking, extortion threats, rape attempts, and kidnapping were an STLPD issue. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant UNKNOWN FBI AGENT's intentional neglect, the Mafia members at Plaintiff's residence were allowed to stalk, threaten, attempt rape, and kidnap Plaintiff"
In 2006, when the FBI didn't get involved, they hired a private investigation firm to sweep their home for bugs in case, since they were convinced the Mafia was listening in to everything they were saying. They claim that the firm told them that they found illegal listening devices, but lied to the STLPD about finding them:
"When Defendant BONINE was contacted by Defendant BOSCHERT, BONINE proceeded to wrongfully state that Plaintiff's residence and vehicle were not bugged with illegal communication devices. BONINE's malicious statements were made in contravention to their bug sweep results and probable cause."
Mr. McKenna then claims that their Audi a4 Quattro vehicle was bugged, and that an auto repair shop was part of the conspiracy against him. The final screw in this lawsuit though, is an iPod shuffle they purchased on eBay AND an iPod Mini they purchased at an Apple Store had illegal receivers so that the Mafia could send audible death threats to him:
Plaintiff obtained additional evidence of Defendant APPLE INC. manufacturing, distributing and selling illegally bugged iPods and other electronic equipment when on or around January 25, 2008 Plaintiff recorded Mafia members generating death threats to their iPod Mini. The threats stated, “I'm about to kill him,” in unison with a song. The recordings of death threats and other evidence prove that APPLE INC. conspired with the Mafia and other Defendants to manufacture, distribute, and sell illegally bugged iPods and other electronic equipment to Plaintiff to perpetuate the stalking, extortion, and torture.
And thus, Gregory McKenna has sued the whole lot and is seeking $14.3 million in damages.
Really, What Can We Say?
You're welcome to read the entire lawsuit if you'd like, but really, there's not much to say about this very unique lawsuit.
People are already starting to poke holes in the logic of the lawsuit (we're pretty sure that some Apple enthusiast would have found an illegal receiver from the Italian Mafia by now), but in the end, it will be up to the courts to decide the validity of Mr. McKenna's case. The story could almost be a movie, albeit a bad B-rated one.
In an interview Monday on CNN with host Wolf Blitzer, Dr. Kelli Ward, a challenger of incumbent Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) for their party's nod in the upcoming Arizona senatorial election, brushed off an endorsement from Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump for McCain and declared that they and Trump would be a “unstoppable” force together in Washington, DC if both elected.
In their interview with Blitzer, Ward referred to a recent Breitbart/Gravis poll released Monday showing Ward in a razor-thin race going into tomorrow's primary.
“There's a new Breitbart poll out right now from Gravis showing that this is a razor-thin margin, 37-33 with a 3.5 percent margin of error,” they said. “And the late breakers are going for Ward. So I think we can see a big upset tomorrow. ”
The Republican Arizona U.S. Senate hopeful went on to criticize their opponent for avoiding a debate with them
“I'm not surprised that Senator McCain wouldn't come and be side-by-side with me because he's done all they can to avoid being in the same room,” they said. “He's been afraid to debate. He's definitely not standing on their own record. He's done their fair share, $7 million worth of attacks against me. But things look great.”
As for Trump endorsement of McCain, Ward said they are not holding that against Trump.
“I know that the people in Arizona know that Donald Trump and Kelli Ward will be an unstoppable force in Washington, D.C., because President Trump is going to need a policy expert like me – because when I was in the state senate I was very effective getting 19 bills signed into law in 2015 alone,” they said. “And so we need somebody who's going to be able to put forward that policy to secure the border and to fix the VA, and to rev up the economy and – and to put America first in trade.”
Ward also took a jab at McCain, who turned 80 years old on Monday and said to commemorate that occasion, they were looking to give them the “gift of retirement.”
“I do want to give them the best 80th birthday present ever, the gift of retirement tomorrow,” Ward said. “And I think back in 2008 you actually were interviewing then-candidate Barack Obama who brought up that Senator McCain was, let's see, lost their bearing, and John Kerry said they were confused. And Susan Rice also, on the Democrats' side, had concerns.
Blitzer challenged Ward on remarks they made to MSNBC last week, which they said that McCain was “too old and weak”.
Ward responded, “And so all the way back eight years ago, CNN and other liberal outlets and other liberal politicians were bringing John McCain's age into this election. Now we're eight years later. I think it's something the voters need to know, do we want to send an 80-year- old man back to Washington, or do we want to have something different, a 47-year-old vibrant physician with a lot of real-life experience to put this country on the right track? ”
Follow Jen Lawrence on Twitter @JenLawrence21
CEO Maria Korsnick calls for recognition of nuclear as strategic national imperative.
To succeed they will need to do more than just turn up the gain on NEI's public relations output.
Addressing the Nuclear Energy Assembly for the first time as the head of the industry, the Nuclear Energy Institute's (NEI) President and Chief Executive Officer Maria Korsnick opened its 64th annual conference in Scottsdale, Arizona, this week by unveiling an initiative to reach out more widely to supporters of nuclear energy.
“To ensure that nuclear energy keeps working for America, the industry has developed a national strategy to communicate nuclear energy's benefits more aggressively, more widely and more consistently than we ever have before,” Korsnick said.
“We have stepped up our advocacy efforts not just a notch or two, but by a great margin.”
Called the National Nuclear Energy Strategy, the program will work to strengthen existing relationships and build new coalitions among supporters of nuclear energy's different attributes.
However, in their remarks Korsnick didn't get into specifics about who would be part of these coalitions or how they would be more effective than NEI's current advocacy model. For instance, will NEI now work more closely with groups like the Third Way, a DC think tank that has been an advocate for development of advanced nuclear reactors or with the National Conference of State Legislatures which is working to keep nuclear energy in the mix?
Given that Korsnick's remarks were tailored as a keynote address to a large conference, some details may be forthcoming. In the meantime, expectations for results come with questions.
Big Changes Ahead?
This new strategy could be a big change for NEI which has for the most part operated as traditional inside the beltway trade group for its members. The organization's advocacy and public relations efforts have focused on congressional legislation and federal budgets as well as regulatory matters with the NRC.
As a DC based trade group NEI's public relations operation routinely engages with the big guns of the print and electronic mainstream media directly and through surrogate organizations like Nuclear Matters. NEI has a social media operation with presences on the major platforms like Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin, and others .
NEI's advocacy outside the beltway has sometimes been muted because its member utilities don't just deal with nuclear energy. For instance, Southern and Scana, which are building new nuclear reactors in Georgia and South Carolina respectively, also have natural gas plants and got into the business with coal-fired boilers. Dominion, which closed a reactor in Wisconsin, is also a major, multi-state supplier of natural gas to industrial and residential customers.
To be fair, one of the problems nuclear energy has always had is that it isn't immediately visible to consumers. Most people have no idea where the electricity comes from that lights their homes, heats and cools them, and runs their TVs and all those Internet connected devices.
Another way this could be a big change is that the head of the industry trade group seems to be telling the group's members that if they want to survive, their days of heads inside turtle shells, and just talking to regulators and public service commissions, need to be a thing of the past. A lot more talking needs to take place and to people and in places where it hasn't been done before.
Getting Beyond Public Relations
So what's a nuclear trade group to do? Here are some friendly suggestions. First and foremost it should move beyond the usual tools of advocacy involving public relations, social media. and talking heads on TV. Maybe it is already doing some of these things, but it never hurts to ask.
If NEI wants to find new ways to be effective as an advocate for the industry, it should consider getting hands-on in terms of creating opportunities for innovation in several key areas. The reason is that to succeed, the nuclear industry must not only have a positive voice relative to the competition, it must also outsmart it in terms of the way it operates.
These ideas (below) go beyond some of the options discussed in the Breakthrough Institute's excellent recent paper “How to Make Nuclear Innovative.” Assuming NEI has read the paper, and finds it valuable, here are some ideas that take it as a given and offer some additional perspectives.
Business Models – Work to create new markets beyond electricity generation for affordable small modular reactors, advanced nuclear technologies, and hybrid power systems composed of nuclear as a baseload source for keeping the grid stable while enabling renewable power technologies such as solar and wind.
It should be obvious by now given the work of the Third Way, Breakthrough, and others, that there is a need to develop public/private partnerships with government agencies, labs, private firms, and non-profit R&D centers.
They are the key to building test facilities, offering shared access to advanced computing capabilities, and support for development of advanced materials and new types of nuclear fuels. This includes real commitments of R&D money for national labs, start-up money for entrepreneurs, and outreach to private equity investors once projects reach desirable levels of maturity.
Financing – The ability of utilities to assemble the capital needed to build new nuclear reactors will need more support from federal government load guarantees, perhaps through a nuclear energy investment bank. In terms of boosting investor confidence, this kind of support is going to be essential to overcome the caution lights that are flashing as a result of the Westinghouse bankruptcy.
Project Management – Apply lessons learned from nuclear and other energy related capital infrastructure projects. Get technical and regulatory requirements right before breaking ground. Educate the supply chain about these changes in the way new reactors are built to avoid the kinds of cost over runs and schedule delays that have created king size headaches for Southern and Scana.
Supply Chain Management – Develop a robust program with workshops and resource materials to help firms develop the capability to meet nuclear quality requirements. Firms face a chicken and egg dilemma of not wanting to develop these kinds of production capabilities without orders in hand. If the supply chain isn't ready when the call goes out for SMRs, foreign firms will fill the gap. Finally, get more suppliers in the middle market involved in nuclear advocacy issues either directly, or though a surrogate group.
On a technical note NEI could step out to help develop ecosystems of innovation among nuclear suppliers to boost productivity and reliable delivery of components to utilities. These same principles can be applied within nuclear plants to address operations and maintenance. This would be an entirely new hands-on role for NEI since it would be directly boost the capabilities of the firms in the supply chain to meet the needs of the industry and, of equal importance, to promote exports to global markets.
& & &
And Korsnick is already somewhat onboard with some of these ideas. In their remarks they called for a “robust” export program in nuclear technologies and services that would help to support US interests abroad.
“Countries like Russia and China recognize the strategic value of providing nuclear energy technology to other countries. All US policymakers may not yet see the connection between America's safety and security and its commercial nuclear energy program, but we are changing that.”
They also called on the audience and the industry at large to begin participating in these conversations and to act as advocates on behalf of nuclear energy.
# # #
Neanderthals and humans lived together for over 5,000 years, giving plenty of time for the two species to interbreed and take part in cultural exchanges, experts have said.
According to a study published in the journal Nature, there was a long period of overlap before Neanderthals went extinct – contrary to what previous studies and researchers have suggested.
The period of the Neanderthals' demise has been hotly contested as it is right at the limit of what accurate radiocarbon dating can achieve. After 30,000 years, 98% of the sample's matter is gone and younger carbon molecules start to infiltrate bones, meaning they appear younger than they are.
Using about 200 radiocarbon dates from organic remains, researchers show how Neanderthals disappeared from Europe around 40,000 years ago.
We believe we have the first robust timeline that sheds new light on some of the key questions around interactions between Neanderthals and modern humans - Tom Higham, University of Oxford
The research also showed that Neanderthals disappeared from parts of Europe at different times, rather than being quickly replaced by modern man. Sites examined included Russia and Spain and were all linked with the Neanderthal tool-making industry or transitional sites where both humans and Neanderthals lived.
Study leader Tom Higham, an archaeologist at the University of Oxford, said: "Other recent studies of Neanderthal and modern human genetic make-up suggest that both groups interbred outside Africa, with 1.5%-2.1% or more of the DNA of modern non-African human populations originating from Neanderthals. We believe we now have the first robust timeline that sheds new light on some of the key questions around the possible interactions between Neanderthals and modern humans.
"The chronology also pinpoints the timing of the Neanderthals' disappearance, and suggests they may have survived in dwindling populations in pockets of Europe before they became extinct."
In their timeline, the researchers show how the Neanderthal tool-making areas ended between 41,030 to 39,260 years ago, suggesting an overlapping period of about 5,000 years. The experts say the overlap predicted is 95% probable.
While there may have been a lengthy overlap and some interbreeding and interaction, the authors note that there is no evidence to suggest Neanderthals and humans lived closely together.
Higham said: "Previous radiocarbon dates have often underestimated the age of samples from sites associated with Neanderthals because the organic matter was contaminated with modern particles. We used ultrafiltration methods, which purify the extracted collagen from bone, to avoid the risk of modern contamination. This means we can say with more confidence that we have finally resolved the timing of the disappearance of our close cousins, the Neanderthals.
"Of course the Neanderthals are not completely extinct because some of their genes are in most of us today."
Photo via Flickr
This article originally appeared on VICE France
On the evening of the 13th of November, just hours after the terrorist attacks in Paris, French President François Hollande declared a state of emergency. Initially announced to last 12 days, the state of emergency was extended by the parliament for another three months, until the 26th of February. On the 22nd of January, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls declared to the BBC the state of emergency would be in place "until Daech is eradicated".
The state of emergency extends the rights the police have. For instance: under the state of emergency, officers can search your place at any time without a mandate from a judge, provided "there are serious reasons to believe the location is frequented by an individual whose behaviour represents a threat for the public security and order" (according to the 11th article of the state of emergency law).
That is exactly what happened to Bruno (whose name has been changed for this article), a 23-year-old studying to be a teacher. They live with their parents in a small and remote village of the Haute-Savoie region, and they are one of the 3189 people whose houses have been searched under the state of emergency. We met up in a coffee shop in the center of the department's capital, Annecy, where they told me their story.
I've been a practicing Muslim for about two years. My parents were pretty open about everything that concerns religion and spirituality, so that's how I was brought up. When I was about 18, I started asking myself questions about the meaning of life, and realised I unknowingly had always been interested in Islam. My parents bought the Quran for me, and I decided I wanted to learn more about the literature of the religion. I discovered there were many interpretations of Islam, and Sufism in particular caught my interest – which is basically the opposite of Salafism. Sufism is pretty mystical. We don't only study the form of certain verses of the Quran, we study what different things could mean – we put them into context. It's a spiritual approach to Islam and that's what attracted me. So I chose this path and it feels right for me.
My friends and close family know I'm Muslim, but in my town nobody knows about it – it's not something I advertise. I don't have anything to hide but it's a private matter. A lot of people won't understand the choice and besides that, given the situation in France, you have to be careful with what you say and to whom you say it.
A few days before the police came to search my house, I was on the phone with a friend when I saw a police car pass my house slowly. I live in a village of 500 people, so that's pretty rare. I laughed and told my friend: "That's it, they're going to pay me a visit."
Photo via Flickr
A week later, around 5.45 in the morning, I heard some heavy knocks on the door, and my dog started barking. It woke up my dad too, and when they looked out of the window they saw a dozen police officers and soldiers carrying weapons, circling the house. I heard someone shout "Police, open!", so I went downstairs and let them in. They immediately had me go back up to my room and asked me if I had any weapons, a flag of Islamic State or any other suspicious objects. I told them I hadn't, of course. They searched the entire house, from the attic to the basement. In my room, they took pictures of all my books about Islam.
It took them about an hour. They searched my computer, checked its search history and my hard drive. Looking back on it, the search was probably pretty mild. So much so, that I wonder whether the officers themselves were even convinced it was necessary. They asked me why I had been reading up about the situation in Syria. I told them I had because I wanted to understand what was going on, not because I wanted to join ISIS. They wanted to know where I had bought my books and where I had recently travelled. That was basically it: they didn't knock down my door, they weren't violent and they didn't yell at me.
Looking at my travel itinerary, you could maybe think I'm an Islamic extremist: I went to Turkey by myself, I went to Israel, to Palestine and to Morocco for an exchange programme. Every now and then I'll pick up my backpack and go on a trip – sometimes with friends, sometimes with my parents or my girlfriend and sometimes alone. That's it. But the fact that I went to potentially dangerous countries on my own didn't work in my favour, in this case.
Another thing that might have put me in this position was that last year, when I worked as a supervisor at a secondary school, together with some parents I mobilised a protest against the deportation of an Albanian family. The police told me that was when they first took notice of me, although the link with terrorism remains a mystery to me. The school where I work is next to a mosque, and I often go there between noon and 2PM. An Imam or a Muslim police officer might have reported my being there.
I don't think I did anything wrong, but the officers did manage to make me feel strangely guilty. And after the search, even my parents were suspicious of me and kept asking me who I was hanging out with. The search warrant stated that the police suspected me of being in touch with individuals involved in terrorist activities, but they never indicated who these people are. It made me think that I have to be more careful about what I'm doing but that's a dangerous thought: I shouldn't be more careful, I didn't do anything wrong.
Photo via Flickr
I've always been very critical of extremism and my place was still searched. My family ended up telling the neighbours that there had been a robbery because we couldn't really brush that kind of police force off as nothing important. We told them we had seen some thieves in the neighbourhood and had called the police, who had come by with a bigger force than they usually would have – because of the state of emergency.
As they left, one of the officers told me: "We'll keep an eye on you." What does that mean? Is my phone being tapped? Are they checking what I do online? It's a weird feeling. With the extension of the state of emergency, there will be many more searches in the coming weeks – if not months. I understand why the situation in France is the way it is and I do believe the police only obey orders by casting a wider net. Yet still, it bothers me to be seen as a public threat by my own country.
Follow Matthieu on Twitter.
Ministers have been accused of a fresh power grab over the number of ministerial aides who have won seats on Commons committees.
Nine Parliamentary Private Secretaries - who work on behalf of ministers - have been elected to the bodies, which are designed to scrutinise the work of the Government.
PoliticsHome has been told that is far more than in previous parliaments.
Critics have questioned how the MPs can carry out that role while also answering to senior government members.
The row comes after it emerged the Conservatives want to have a majority on powerful parliamentary committees, despite the general election delivering a hung parliament.
Ministers have also been criticised for using so-called "Henry VIII powers" contained in its EU (Withdrawal) Bill to transfer European laws onto the UK statute book without the usual levels of scrutiny by MPs.
Among the PPS's who also have seats on the new select committees are Nusrat Ghani, Huw Merriman, David Morris, Michelle Donelan and Rebecca Pow.
According to the ministerial code, they "are expected to support the Government in divisions in the House. No PPS who votes against the Government can retain their or their position".
It adds: "They are not precluded from serving on select committees, but they should withdraw from any involvement with inquiries into their appointing minister's department, and they should avoid associating themselves with recommendations critical of or embarrassing to the Government."
But a Labour source told PoliticsHome: "Select committees have a vital role in scrutinising and holding to account a government department or area of policy. A PPS is a member of the payroll vote of a government. They only hold their job provided they don't vote against one.
"It's an executive and government take over of Parliament. It calls into question the independence of select committees. I would expect that chairs of select committees will be up in arms at this hostile act from the government."
PoliticsHome also understands that several Tory backbenchers who did not win seats on the committees are angry that they lost out to colleagues who are effectively members of the Government.
Meanwhile, Downing Street has denied that the Government is bending the rules by trying to get a majority on powerful standing committees despite losing their parliamentary majority at the election.
A Number 10 spokesperson said: "The Government has a majority on the floor of the House, therefore it's perfectly legitimate that it puts to the House and MPs that it should a majority on committees.
"These are common sense proposals. We want a system that allows the opposition to continue effective scrutiny while at the same time giving the Government a realistic prospect of getting its business through the Commons in a timely fashion."
EA Sports released their second gameplay trailer for NHL 15 since their E3 showing. The game was awarded the E3 Critic Award for “Best Sports Game” last week and the newest glimpse of the upcoming game highlights the difference in players' equipment and jerseys, and their reaction to action going on around them.
NHL 15 producer, Sean Ramjagsingh, shows off the jerseys' ability to flutter when hit with a puck, or when skating with speed.
NHL 15 will release on September 7th this year on Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PC.
It should be noted that many of the promoted features of the game will not be included in the 360 and PS3 versions. They will be in-essence a re-hash of NHL 14, but with new commentators.
For more NHL 15 updates and videogame news follow Pixelpine on Twitter!
WASHINGTON — Fourteen men have been charged with operating a child pornography website with 27,000 members and more than 2,000 videos, federal law enforcement officials said Tuesday.
The investigation, one of the largest online child exploitation probes ever launched by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, found 251 victims in 39 states and five foreign countries.
Additional Photos Daniel Ragsdale, left, deputy director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, discusses the results of an international investigation of a child pornography website. The Associated Press
In most cases, young boys were targeted online by the men and tricked into creating sexually explicit videos of themselves.
“Operation Round Table,” the name given to the investigation, started with the June 2013 arrest of the network's alleged creator, Jonathan Johnson, 26. According to the statement, they acknowledged enticing young boys by assuming female personas on social networks and pressing other men to follow suit.
Most victims were male between 13 to 15 years old, officials said. Two victims were 3 years old or younger.
In a news conference Tuesday, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said the alleged perpetrators targeted “the most innocent, most vulnerable members of our society with no regard for the immediate or lasting harm they cause to the victims and their families.”
Led by ICE and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the investigation identified victims in Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia and Belgium.
From June 2012 until June 2013, the child pornography site operated on Tor, an underground network that directs Internet traffic through relays to ensure user anonymity.
As authorities pour through more than 40 terabytes of data, they say more arrests are likely. Officials also cited more than 300 open investigations into possible website subscribers.
In addition to Johnson, authorities have charged 10 men in the Eastern U.S. District of Louisiana believed to be largely responsible for running the scheme and producing pornographic materials. Three men were also charged in Colorado, New York and Wisconsin.
While ICE Deputy Director Daniel Ragsdale said arrests play a vital role, they also said law enforcement must employ other strategies to curb an increase in child exploitation.
“Our agency is seeing a growing trend where children are being enticed, tricked and coerced online by adults to produce sexually explicit material of themselves,” Ragsdale said in a written statement. “While we will continue to prioritize the arrest of child predators, we cannot arrest our way out of this problem: Education is the key to prevention.”
Share
The New York Times brings word that New York's famous Stage Deli closed at midnight on Thursday, November 29. The restaurant, which had been open since 1937, was known for its massive sandwiches and Jewish American deli fare.
While one can argue that all restaurants close, and it's just part of the life and death cycle of restaurants, there's something especially poignant about this closing amongst those who follow deli history. In the 2009 book Save The Deli, author David Sax traces the history of the Jewish deli, and finds that a slew of establishments that once epitomized Jewish food are no longer in existence. With the Stage Deli's closure, we are getting a bit closer to losing a part of American Jewish heritage (also here's Sax's retrospective of Stage).
There's no need to get too nostalgic or wax too poetic though -- let's remember that Stage Deli was also a huge tourist attraction with pretty exorbitant prices. And as we lose a bit of the old, there's a lot of interesting new Jewish food trends appearing (artisanal gefilte fish, anyone?). Modern Jewish cuisine has been a popular conversation topic for the past few years, with new order delicatessens such as Mile End in Brooklyn and Wise Sons in San Francisco attracting a huge fan base.
But there wouldn't be a new generation without the old, which is why the changing face of Jewish deli feels rather bittersweet. Two weeks ago, a 10-minute film about the history of the Jewish deli came out featuring Jerry Stiller, Alan Dershowitz, Fyvush Finkel and more. If you really want to understand why all of this is so significant, we recommend you take a look -- and watch the whole thing -- to understand the connection between Jewish ancestry and deli.
This article is over 3 years old
Fears over people trapped in lifts after earthquakes has led the government to consider safeguards including emergency supply of drinking water
Japan is looking at installing toilets in elevators and providing an emergency supply of drinking water for people trapped by the nation's frequent powerful earthquakes, an official said Wednesday.
The move comes after dozens of people were left high and dry, some for over an hour, after a 7.8 magnitude quake on Saturday that stopped lifts.
Most of the elevators automatically stopped at the nearest floor and opened their doors, but 14 were stranded between storeys.
A meeting between officials from the infrastructure ministry and elevator industry bodies agreed to look into providing toilets for emergencies, an official from the elevator makers association said.
These might include collapsible cardboard structures with a waterproof bag or absorbent material inside.
Some new lifts have small seating areas for Japan's growing ranks of elderly people, and installing facilities underneath the seats is a possibility.
Japan has about 620,000 elevators in public or commercial buildings, about 20% of which are in Tokyo.
It also sits at the junction of four tectonic plates and is regularly hit by powerful earthquakes.
The government estimates that the next “big one” – a huge quake seismologists say is almost certain to hit the capital over the coming decades – may leave up to 17,000 people stranded in elevators.
Saturday's quake was centred on a remote spot in the Pacific Ocean about 900km (550 miles) south of Tokyo, but was felt throughout the country.
Twelve people were injured, including a 56-year-old man who broke their ribs, but no one was killed, according to the Tokyo fire department and local media.
00:51 Dust Storm Rolls Through Phoenix, Arizona Meteorologist Ari Sarsalari has the latest on a dust storm that rolled through Phoenix, Arizona Tuesday.
A dust storm, also known as a haboob, moved into Phoenix around 9:45 a.m. local time Tuesday, turning the sky red.
The DOT warned drivers that visibility would be close to nothing, and they should be prepared to pull off to the side of the road. After the dust storm passed, the Arizona Department of Transportation reported no haboob-related accidents on the freeways near Phoenix.
Wind gusts over 40 mph were reported in the Phoenix area, including a gust to 52 mph at Sky Harbor airport at 10:01 a.m. MST. A 59-mph wind gust was reported near Deer Valley, the highest wind speed recorded during the event.
More than 10,000 customers lost power in the Phoenix area, according to energy provider APS. Several inbound flights were diverted at the time of the dust storm as well. The Arizona Republic reported some minor tree damage during the dust storm .
(MORE: What Is a Haboob? )
People stood by their office windows and watched the thick wall of dust move across the region.
“The impetus for today's Phoenix haboob began as a pair thunderstorm clusters over northwest Mexico early in the morning moved northwest, combined their outflows and surged into southern Arizona,” said weather.com meteorologist Jon Erdman. "According to the National Weather Service, Phoenix experiences an average of about three haboobs a year from June through September. Across the state, more than 100 dust storms have been reported in the past decade."
This is a breaking news story. Please check back with weather.com and The Weather Channel for continuing coverage.
When squadron leader Douglas Davie of the RAF bailed out of a crippled jet on 30 July 1943 they had no choice in the matter: the tremendous jet-assisted g forces simply hurled them out of the cockpit as their plane spun out of control. The controls had jammed on their Gloster E28, the testbed for Britain's spanking new jet engines, plunging the plane into a high-speed, spinning dive. But before Sqn Ldr Davie could attempt to bail out at 33,000 feet, the canopy glass shattered and the gyrating plane jettisoned them into a 20,000-foot freefall - stripping them of their boots, helmet and oxygen mask in the process. Fortunately they were able to breathe by sucking on their severed oxygen tube and open their parachute - and they survived with only a touch of frostbite.
Their luck wouldn't hold. Five months later, on 4 January 1944, the savage forces associated with emerging high-speed jet-powered flight would become more apparent still. Davie, a test pilot with the Royal Aircraft Establishment in Farnborough, UK, was flying the prototype of Gloster's twin-engined jet fighter, the Meteor, when one engine completely disintegrated on a high speed test run at 20,000 feet, leaving the aircraft hurtling out of control. As they tried to bail out, Davie's left arm was severed trying to open the canopy - possibly due to it snapping shut in the windblast. Astonishingly, they still managed to get out - only to be critically injured, or knocked unconscious, by the aircraft's tailplane as they tried to leap clear. Unable to open their parachute they plummeted to the ground, falling through the roof of the RAE.
But Davie did not die in vain. Their gruesome experience threw into sharp relief the dangers pilots faced as jet engines made planes capable of speeds approaching 600mph (960km/h). Faster aircraft meant the pilot risked striking the vertical tail fin, or the horizontal tailplane, as they bailed out. What's more, loss of control at high speed boosts the g forces the pilot must fight both when trying to discard the canopy and get out of the cockpit. Finally, the devastating effect of the slipstream wind blast at such speeds can break flailing limbs even if the pilot does manage to jump clear.
The Davie accident appalled the Air Ministry - which had seen too many combat crews lost in this way - and prompted it to seek a way for pilots to escape from jets. It was a move which helped create the explosively-fired, rocket-assisted ejector seats that have saved thousands of aircrew lives since the dawn of the jet age. Within mere seconds of deciding their aircraft is kaput, a pilot can be dangling safely from a parachute. Even so, ejector seats remain a work in progress: surveys show survival rates are 89%, and 51% for ejections performed below 500 feet – and aviation medicine experts believe more can still be done technologically to improve on those figures.
Pioneering pair
The Air Ministry was forced to act because the inability to escape crippled jets had seriously hit morale among the pilots of RAF Fighter Command, which was preparing to bring Meteors into front-line service. So the ministry sought ideas for an aircrew escape system from its regular technology suppliers – including the Martin-Baker Aircraft Company of Denham, Buckinghamshire, run by James Martin, a garrulous Ulsterman and a self-taught, self-made engineer.
An inveterate inventor, Martin patented gadgets in many different fields of endeavour. Fish fryers, bicycles with rain-proof hoods, tool sharpeners, quick-build trucks, three-wheeled cars and machine gun ammunition feeds number among their many inventions, according to Sarah Sharman's biography of the engineer. In 1934 they went into the plane-building business with a flight instructor called Valentine Baker (who, by the way, just happened to be the pioneer aviator Amy Johnson's flight instructor).
Martin's first move into pilot safety came in December 1940 when Fighter Command asked them to develop a jettisonable canopy for the Supermarine Spitfire, which was prone to jamming during the frenetic dogfights of the Battle of Britain. Martin's answer was simple and effective: a red rubber ball dangling from the canopy pulled cables that unlocked restraining pins around the unit - instantly casting the canopy off into the airstream. It became standard on all Spitfires.
Meanwhile, Germany had been quietly developing ejector seats from 1939 onwards with its own fast propellor, jet and rocket plane programs in mind. On 13 January 1942 a Luftwaffe test pilot called Helmut Schenk ejected from an out-of-control Heinkel They 280, also an early twin-jet prototype, using a compressed air-powered ejector seat that shot up and out of the cockpit on rails. And by the autumn of 1944 the British Air Ministry was receiving bizarre reports of sightings of German pilots "being fired into the sky" from crashing German jets, Sharman says.
Explosive cartridges
"Despite its crude and unconventional design, the Heinkel ejection seat saved dozens of pilot lives during the war," write Kyle Keller and John Plaga of the US Air Force Research Lab at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, in a technical paper. It was an analysis of Heinkel seats captured by the US Army, say the authors, that led to the US developing its own ejector seats at around the same time.
Sweden's Saab was also developing ejector seats and had in 1942 successfully ejected a crash test dummy from one of its Saab17 aircraft – but using a seat launched by a much more energetic device than a compressed air cylinder: an explosive-filled cartridge.
With their experience of airplane armaments, Martin thought the explosive cartridge much the better option for getting a pilot clear of the tailfin as quickly as possible. But they faced a dearth of physiological data: how big could you build the explosive charge that shoots the pilot into the air, without causing serious whiplash damage to them?
There was only one way to find out: Martin-Baker built a number of rigs to test the effect of the upward compressive thrust on the body of a seated man shot up a near-vertical path. They would then measure the accelerations and rates of rise of g involved and quiz the subject about how they felt. The first rig comprised a 4.8m-high (16 foot) metal tripod with a pair of seat guide rails fitted to one of the legs. The seat was driven by telescopic tubes "energised by an explosive cartridge".
Tests with a 91kg (200lb) dummy load worked well but what was really needed was a man – and a brave Martin-Baker aircraft fitter called Bernard Lynch stepped up. Lynch would later act as the guinea pig in 30 aircraft ejections, mainly in Gloster Meteors.
"Bernard Lynch undertook the first live ride, being shot up the rig to a height of 4ft 8in. In three further tests, the power of the cartridge was progressively increased until a height of 10ft (3m) feet was reached, at which stage they reported the onset of considerable physical discomfort," the company says.
‘Massive explosion'
The handlebar-mustachioed Lynch was feeling back pain when pulling a mere 4g - so Martin began studying the human spine, including observing surgical operations on them, in a bid to understand its limitations. Indeed, Sharman's biography reveals that Martin's secretary was shocked to receive human spine parts from a surgeon friend of Martin's, dubbing them "ghastly bits of body".
The first ejector seats, which fired the pilot using only an explosive cartridge (or a pair of them), were hard on the spine. Modern seats - whether they are the British, American or Russian types - further reduce the vertical g pulled on the ejectee by having the ejection gun only just powerful enough to get the pilot clear of the tailfin. At that point, a pack of rocket motors take over, taking the seat a further 60 metres (200ft) higher.
It wasn't always like this. Former RAF flight lieutenant Craig Penrice, a member of the Royal Aeronautical Society who comments on ejection issues, knows that all too well. In 2003 they were flying a 1950-era Hawker Hunter back from an airshow in Portrush, Northern Ireland when both its electrical system and its engine failed over the Welsh coast. For the second time in their flying career, they had to eject. "There was a huge, massive explosion and I felt the most enormous force on my behind. The pain in my back felt like I had been hit by a plank of wood."
They ended up with a burst fracture of one of their vertebrae and fragments of bone embedded in their spinal cord - temporarily paralysing them from the waist down. "I'm still not 100%," they say.
The ejector seat in the Hunter - built in 1956 - predated the addition of rocket assist and was an all-explosive-cartridge model, known colloquially as a "bang seat" to pilots. "They function with a single cannon shot that gets you clear of the tail. The modern ones have a much lower impact gun because the rocket takes over to gradually accelerate you," Penrice says.
The UK Air Accidents Investigation Branch agreed: "These seats are of necessity somewhat harsher in operation than 'rocket seats'."
Under pressure
Another injury-relevant complication is the orientation of the plane and the pilot at ejection. In the summer of 1966, David Eagles was a naval aviator with the Fleet Air Arm on the carrier HMS Victorious. Their Blackburn Buccaneer pitched nose up immediately after leaving the catapult - and did not stop pitching up. "So I told the guy in the back to eject and then I went," they say.
"It felt like a sharp jab in the back. It was all over in a flash. I crushed three vertebrae in my back and I was on a bed for some months." And that was with a rocket-assisted seat. "The single bang used to flatten spines. The rocket seat is a lot softer," Eagles says.
"Jimmy Martin told me later – as they wrote to all ejectees – that my injury could have been due to me ejecting while leaning to one side. The aircraft dropped a wing as it stalled and was banking to one side. That would have placed my vertebrae under pressure before the ejection."
Modern seats add the all-important capability of a "zero-zero" bailout - zero altitude, zero speed, according to Wing Commander Matthew Lewis, an accident investigator at the RAF Centre of Aviation Medicine at RAF Henlow in Bedfordshire in the UK. In other words, the pilot could still escape and get to high enough an altitude to open their parachute even if the aircraft is motionless on the runway.
So what is actually happening after a pilot, fearing death, activates the ejection seat? The ejection process is entirely automatic once the pilot pulls the activation handle - which is either above their head, between their legs or at the side of one (or both) legs. The above-the-head handle can also pull down a fabric face screen - invented by Martin - to both position the pilot's head and neck correctly and shield their face from windblast as they exit the cockpit.
As the cord is pulled, the canopy is dislodged in one of three ways, says Lewis. "You can jettison the whole canopy with small rockets that are attached to its edges. Or you can use a zig-zag of miniature detonating cord that's built in to the canopy to shatter it, with the windblast removing the pieces. Or you can use 'through-canopy ejection' - in which the seat headbox uses two spikes to shatter the canopy as it takes off."
"But through-canopy ejection has injury risks and we don't like it as the primary method in the RAF," they say.
Windblast threat
The ejection gun will pull between 12 and 15g on the pilot for about 0.15 seconds as they clear the tailfin. Then the rocket pack kicks in. At that point a small 1.5 metre (5 ft) drogue parachute is fired from a gun, stabilising the seat motion. If the ejection is at, say, 40,000 ft, the air is too thin for the chute to inflate - and it would risk tangling. So a pressure sensor called a barostat only lets the drogue chute pull out the main parachute when the seat is below 10,000 ft (3,000m).
All of it is controlled by a carefully choreographed automatic sequence – the pilot has to do nothing. "The ejection is so quick – from pulling the ejection handle to being on the end of a fully deployed parachute can take maybe 2.5 to three seconds, depending on the type of seat," says Lewis.
"The critical thing in terms of injury and the forces upon you is the windblast. Stick your arm out of a car window at 70mph (110km/h) and you get a bit of a blast backwards. Do that at 600knots (1,110km/h) and it's a different ball game."
To cater for that risk, ejector seats now have armed and leg restraints – effectively robotic garters around your calves that activate and hold your leg in the best possible position to prevent limbs flailing in the windblast. A mechanism built into the flight jacket does likewise, holding the arms tightly against your torso. "It stops the air blast ripping them to the side," says Lewis.
Another risk – though rare – is the mass of modern hardware attached to the head, such as head up display helmets and night vision systems, which can lead to neck injuries if the windblast catches them.
Vectored thrust seats?
Currently, Lewis says, about 25-30% of ejectees suffer back problems, due to the force of the explosive ejection gun cartridge forcing the pilot to slump forwards suddenly. "They typically get what's called an anterior wedge compression fracture, in which the front portion of the vertebral bone gets squished into a wedge-shape. They do actually heal up though and most people return to flying."
Lewis agrees that latter-day ejection seats are doing their job, but as an aviation medic they would like to see a safe escape offered in more challenging scenarios. "For instance, if you eject when inverted just 20ft (6m) feet off the ground, you'll hit the ground. A rocket pack offering vectored thrust could let you go sideways and then up to an altitude where you can open the 'chute."
Meanwhile, UTC Aerospace Systems of Colorado Springs, Colorado - Martin-Baker's US rival - is developing smarter ejection seat rocket motors for its latest seat, the Aces 5. Its idea: that the thrust provided will vary depending on the weight of the pilot. Lighter female pilots should not be getting the same seat launch thrust as heavier men, for instance - so their seat will vary that thrust intelligently by changing the rocket burn profile.
While all improvements will be welcome, for those at the sharp end, the ejector seat has already been a godsend.
"Being among the group of 160 or so pilots who have ejected twice I feel particularly fortunate,” says Penrice. "If it wasn't for the ejector seat I wouldn't be here."
Share this story on Facebook, Google+ or Twitter.
While much has been made about the dangers of texting and driving, less attention has been focused on the age-old distractions of being absent minded or upset while driving. A team of researchers from the University of Houston (UH) and the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI) focused on all three of these important factors.
Led by Ioannis Pavlidis from UH and Robert Wunderlich of TTI, the research studied how drivers behave when they are absent minded, emotionally charged or engaged in texting. The work was funded, in part, by the Toyota Class Action Settlement Safety Research and Education Program.
The study looked at 59 volunteers who were asked to drive the same segment of highway four times -- under 'normal conditions' of being focused on driving, while distracted with cognitively challenging questions, while distracted with emotionally charged questions and while preoccupied with texting trivialities. To avoid bias, the order of the drives was randomized.
In all three interventions -- absent minded, emotional and texting -- the researchers found that the drivers' handling of the wheel became jittery with respect to normal driving. This jittery handling resulted in significant lane deviations and unsafe driving only in the case of texting distractions. In the case of absent-minded and emotionally charged distractions, jittery steering resulted in straighter trajectories with respect to a normal drive and safer driving.
"A likely explanation for this paradox is the function performed by a part of the brain called the anterior cingulate cortex, or ACC," Pavlidis said. "ACC is known to automatically intervene as an error corrector when there is conflict. In this case, the conflict comes from the cognitive, emotional and sensorimotor, or texting, stressors. This raises the levels of physiological stress, funneling 'fight or flight' energy to the driver's arms, resulting in jittery handling of the steering wheel."
What happens when the brain's ACC automatically intervenes, Pavlidis said, is that it counterbalances any strong jitter to the left with an instant equally strong jitter to the right and vice versa. The end effect of this forceful action is nullification of any veering to the left or the right of the lane and, thus, very straight driving.
For ACC to perform this corrective function, it needs support from the driver's eye-hand coordination loop. If this loop breaks, which it does when the driver texts, then ACC fails and the jittery handling of the steering wheel is left unchecked, resulting in a significant lane deviation and possible accident.
"The driver's mind can wander and their or their feelings may boil, but a sixth sense keeps a person safe at least in terms of veering off course," Pavlidis said. "What makes texting so dangerous is that it wreaks havoc into this sixth sense. Self-driving cars may bypass this and other problems, but the moral of the story is that humans have their own auto systems that work wonders, until they break."
Pavlidis and Wunderlich think the scientific and manufacturing community can benefit from their team's study. They posit that the question of what happens when self-driving cars experience failures needs to be asked now rather than later. Case in point, their research uncovers the mechanism that makes moderate cognitive and emotional distractions relatively safe, but only as long as the driver's natural tendency to handle multiple tasks is not overwhelmed.
"Following up on the results of our science study, we are currently looking into the development of a car system to monitor outward driving behaviors, such as steering jitter or lane deviation, as well as the internal state of the driver that causes them," Pavlidis said. "This system, which I call 'stressalyzer,' a play on the word breathalyzer, may serve not only as a 'black box' in car accidents, but also as a driver alert and prevention mechanism, since it will continuously sense a driver drifting to distracted mode."
Pubs Advisory Service boss Chris Wright met with the Labour leader in their Islington North constituency for an hour on Friday, 3 November with Ei publican partnerships licensee Tony Cullen from the North Nineteen Steak and Ale house in Islington.
Cullen currently has a case going through the Pubs Code Adjudicator (PCA) over a market-rent only (MRO) option.
Both Wright and Cullen told Corbyn that they believed that the PCA was not working as intended and highlighted their concerns about the appointment of Paul Newby.
“He has promised to look into the problems at the PCA office. Corbyn was also worried about planning and business rates and the whole package,” said Wright.
“It was a wonderfully fast, intense, wide ranging conversation about pubs. They absolutely get the whole pub community thing, the charity money pubs raise, that they help people and the whole social element.”
Cullen said the meeting went really well and Corbyn listened to their concerns.
“He seemed to understand the issues facing tied tenants and said they would be willing to help,” they said.
Wright said that during the meeting Corbyn revealed that they knew the new deputy PCA Fiona Dickie who has previously worked at the Islington law centre. According to Wright they were very positive about their appointment.
“He also mentioned that we need to put pubs into the Labour Party Manifesto,” Wright revealed.
The Morning Advertiser contacted the Labour leader's office, but it said it does not normally comment on private meetings.
However, as a result of the meeting Corbyn was expected to contact the chair of the Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy Committee Rachel Reeves to discuss the PCA issue.
They wrote to PCA Paul Newby last month emphasising that their office was under scrutiny and that campaigners had raised concern about tied tenants' access to MRO. They requested an assessment from the PCA on their progress.
Statistics let us remove emotional stimuli and focus on the hard truth of what happens. But we need to place statistics into their environment to gain context and understand what's really happening. Fitzpatrick having 60% accuracy doesn't tell you any real information, but 60% accuracy throwing against man coverage gives you something to work with. That's the purpose of this season-long project.
Let's get this out of the way, these numbers aren't fully objective. There's a lot of subjectivity involved with interceptables, drops, single vs full reads, and even what the coverage faced is. This is still a subjective analysis. It's just adding numbers to that subjective analysis.
Vindication came one Bills matchup too late, but it was vindication nonetheless for Ryan Fitzpatrick. An entire week analyzing Fitzpatrick's road performances and history against Rex Ryan came to the forefront of NFL media after a poor performance against the Bengals. But only one sub-par drive stood between Fitzpatrick and their best performance as a Jet yet.
Six of Fitzpatrick's 10 throws past the 20-yard line were caught, and two of the four that fell incomplete weren't their fault. Were the offseason stories about improved arm strength true? They might be.
All 10 of Fitzpatrick's passes over 20 yards. Mostly jump ball throws (which is good), a great throw to Decker, and one underthrow to them pic.twitter.com/Jpz1ImIevY — Edward Gorelik (@edwardgorelik) September 21, 2016
Let's go through all 10 of their deep passes, in a quick-summary form:
The safety on the left side hovers over the #2 and #3 receivers on the pre-snap. Fitzpatrick assumes he's supporting those corners. He's right, the safety sits down and watches those routes, leaving Enunwa one on one. The throw is perfect for Enunwa to corral in stride but they decide to adjust and catch it over their head, hurting their chances for YAC. Rex shows a double a-gap blitz and full man coverage on the pre-snap. Fitzpatrick knows their offensive line is shifting left, leaving a RB dealing with the right side. Shuffling to the left side as the play goes live (a great move to give the running back more time), they recognize both receivers lack of leverage on their initial look. Now under pressure, they switch to the right side and throws as far as they can for Marshall and draws a flag. An obvious Cover-1 pre-snap look that Fitzpatrick makes them pay on. Their eyes focused downfield as they drop, Fitzpatrick knew they were taking this throw before the snap. Marshall doesn't have any leverage on this play, so Fitzpatrick throws a rainbow jump ball and Marshall finishes. Their best pass of the night and one of their best as a Jet. The pre-snap shows a cover-2 where (just out of the frame) the safety over Decker is sitting on the right hash. He's caught watching the play action and is not in position to help the corner deal with Decker's speed. Fitzpatrick gets a perfect throw to Decker while stepping up to avoid the edge rusher. That night's worst deep pass follows. Receiver motion leads to an ambiguous coverage by the defensive backs as the outermost corner takes a deep drop. It turns out to be a Cover-3 with a blitz. Fitzpatrick's pocket begins to collapse and a defender threatens them as they set to throw. Decker is heading inside up the seam but forced to adjust outside due to the trajectory. Fitzpatrick almost allows the corner a play on the ball, but is able to throw it far enough that it doesn't happen. A zone pre-snap look where only two defenders are on the right side against three routes. Jets have a sail concept (Vertical + Out + Flat) where FItzpatrick reads from high to low. Marshall doesn't have leverage but given how good the deep bombs have been at connecting, they take it anyway. The pressure bears down as as Fitzpatrick enters their throwing motion leading to an underthrow. Marshall adjusts but can't hold onto the ball. Another single high safety look, Fitzpatrick has always been the type to take the deep throw when they see this. They already know he's going deep before the snap (I assume this from experience watching him, because of the hitch that leads to an immediate turn and throw), and it's another jump ball lob. The corner knocks this one away. Similar to pass #1, the safety on the left side is sitting between the slot receiver and the tight end. When the safety is eyeing the slot after the snap, they make a chemistry pass to Jalin Marshall who has no leverage over the top. An underthrown ball easily reaches Jalin, who stops and cuts under the corner to make the play. It's a highlight play for the young WR. Bills show another single high look, with the second safety sitting in the box on the right hash. The playaction catches that safety again and Decker's out and up (which I don't think they sell all that well) leaves the corner chasing ghosts. Fitzpatrick can't hit Decker in stride at this distance, but still gets the ball to him. The single high safety look again beckons Fitzpatrick to go deep. They open looking at Marshall to keep the safety away from their pre-determined choice of Decker, and as they hit their final step they immediately turns and throws. It's also underthrown (and listed as inaccurate) but Decker's able to adjust to finish this.
I don't think this deep completion rate is realistic for Fitzpatrick because of how they got a majority of them, but their arm looks better than ever before. The underthrows are occurring far less in this game and turning them into jump balls is great news for the Jets. Fitzpatrick might be able to finally shed the limiter role and start becoming an opportunist. They can take advantage of what's created around them instead of having to rely on others to help them through their flaws.
The biggest difference in this game compared to the previous Bills games was a much simpler pre-snap read given by Rex's defense. Whether that's because they were frightened by the chunk plays or the Jets receivers, Rex wasn't using their disguises. That gave Fitzpatrick all the confidence they needed. Fitz could work mainly off their pre-snap read and spend the game away from where most of their struggles have come from.
On top of that, Rex's man coverage focused defense works right into the Jets the biggest strength: Having big talented receivers.
Enunwa and Decker's stats speak for themselves: domination. A ridiculously high efficiency of 20.4 and 16.4 YPA. Fitzpatrick's passes to them were the best they've ever been in a single game. Marshall was good too, but Fitzpatrick's YPA throwing at them ignores the drop and defensive penalty. Which means it was better from Fitzpatrick's perspective than it was from Marshall's.
Jalin is the least talented of these monsters, but they still created another problem on the field the Bills weren't ready to deal with. On top of the their highlight play from the earlier montage, was this:
This was a nice play by Fitz, designed or not. looked at screen, saw it wasn't there, checked seam, and threw it behind Jalin to keep from S pic.twitter.com/b4UuzxJNiI — Edward Gorelik (@edwardgorelik) September 20, 2016
Both safeties are very close to the line of scrimmage before the play. Before the ball is snapped, one safety runs deep while Fitz is still under center. Fitzpatrick looks for the screen to Marshall but sees the corner waiting for the throw. Instead of forcing it, they turn towards the slot corner, and then down the seam where they find Jalin. The placement of the throw allows Jalin to put their body between the ball and the safety, keeping it safe. It asks a lot from the rookie, but they deliver by finishing through the hit.
But it all comes back to the deep ball. It's stereotypical at this point to say it, but the deep ball opened up the field and Fitzpatrick's throwing chart shows that.
To me, this is Fitzpatrick looking like a win-now quarterback. Even if they can't have this kind of productiveness going deep every game, being consistent underneath while throwing jump balls would be enough. And when some of those do end up hitting them in stride: good luck, opponents.
Extra Stats
Four passes were dropped in this game, one from each of Bostick, Marshall, Powell, and Kellen Davis (no surprise there). Fitz lost a total of 32 yards in air.
Fitzpatrick threw four inaccurate passes, two of which were saved for 29 yards.
Related
Sometimes in this game called life you actually have to stop and recognize that you are human and that you have limits. We all want to accomplish everything today, but we're just begging to be overwhelmed.
Mindful achievement is a practice that focuses on being aware of our limits and our strengths, and setting ourselves up for success.
It's tough, but by practicing mindfulness, you can:
Prioritize effectively
Boost productivity
Avoid burnout
Become more generous
Below, I've written out a step-by-step guide to mindful achievement to help you get started.
1. Begin Your Day with A Win
The United States Marine Corps have a ritual that many, many successful business leaders have copied and implemented in building, expanding, and leading multi-national, a billion dollar behemoths. It's the simplest concept:
Every single Marine starts their day by making, tightening, and making perfect their little bed.
These beds are not always high quality and they, in and of themselves, certainly don't warrant such early morning perfection. However, with all the difficult tasks that Marines undergo on a daily basis, especially if they're still in boot camp, getting a “win” first thing in the morning is a huge boost.
Think about the days when you woke up to a bright, shiny sun, warm weather, and a loved one by your side. Compare that to gloomy, rainy, lonely wakeups. How were the following hours of the day different in each instance?
I'll bet the former typically wound up being better than the latter as your day went on, right?
Well, you can't control weather, relationships, how people act, and so forth, but you can control starting out small, succeeding, and incrementally tackling tougher challenges as your confidence and experience grows.
2. Set Goals You Can Accomplish Quickly—One At A Time
Break your goals into smaller and smaller bits. You want to deconstruct them to meaningful chunks, that are even in some cases ridiculously easy, so that you accomplish them and move on with confidence.
Understand that you won't get to do everything in one shot. In fact, take comfort in it. There is a process to everything, and processes are inherently dynamic in nature. That is to say that they may change and even seem take on a mind of their own.
Think about how you feel around noon, when you're midway through your day and you've already crossed off a list of tasks. You feel the momentum, right?
Conversely, when you spend all morning toiling on one giant, nebulously defined activity, and noon rolls around, you feel like you've accomplished nothing. You feel deflated.
Attempting to solve the problems of the world in a single shot never happen. But solving the world's problems one at a time is a good place to start. Gary Keller, founder of mega-realty firm Keller-Williams' and best-selling author of The One Thing, says “when you go as small as possible, you'll be staring at one thing. And that's the point.”
3. Be Happy That You're Overwhelmed
Celebrate the fact that you have more in your life than you have time to do.
It's actually a wonderful “problem” to have. Wouldn't it be horrible if you literally had more life than things to do? You'd have emptiness. So if you have a problem of fullness, you have an embarrassment of riches. Celebrate that. In the words of the great management guru Peter Drucker, you should always have more opportunities than you can address, and the real skill knows how to prioritize them and the work the most important ones.
Now with that positive energy identify the things that are the most important to you and do them. Don't even be upset or worried that you are pulling out items 1, 2, 5 and 9 on your list. You will get to numbers 29 through 36 in due time…or not, and that's okay if they just don't make the cut.
Always be looking for the positive aspects of the actions you've taken and anticipating the result. Remember that your effort is cumulative and positive. Listen to the voice that describes positive action that pertains to the situation at hand. Banish that negative little voice to the back rooms of your mind, and keep it in permanent “time out.”
You may have 1,000 emails to open and read, fine. Pick the most important 10 subjects, pick the most important 10 people, and focus on those. Get to the rest later.
4. Prioritize Your Day Ruthlessly
Computers are amazing studies in efficiency and raw speed. They operate by a set of rules, and while you may not have the latest Intel chip in your brain, you can still use some of the same rules to achieve productivity gains in your own life.
Move top-down, bottom-up. Top-down you are scanning for priorities; bottom-up you are actually selecting priorities and completing tasks.
Utilize your brain's opposite hemispheres; your right-brain self can see the big picture: scan, review, and understand the critical issues so you can be comfortable at any time knowing that you have a grasp on what's most important.
Get the left-brain engaged, too. Define what's important to you. Write down that goal, your objective, it's your moral compass. Organize and analyze, get your house in order. If you don't have something identified and prioritized, then you won't know where to go and that's where fear and the reluctance can creep back in.
We may spend a lot of time talking about tactics and processes, but if we are not comfortable doing them, our learning, implementation, and execution suffers.
Mindfulness Means Improving Ourselves–and Helping Others
By identifying goals, we make the unknown known. Even if you overwork or have too many things going on, you are empowered to address them. These are some first steps towards addressing the mental roadblocks that holds us back from being who we really are – and can be.
Think of them as the excuses that keep you from going to the gym when you've been making those New Year's resolutions about getting fit for years. Results are the byproduct of clearly defined goals, not just some vague idea you're chasing. As they say, a goal is just a dream with a deadline.
One last thing: mindful achievement does not begin and end with you. There is so much in efficiency literature, yet it is usually blind to letting us yield our own agendas a little bit to help someone else.
Be generous. In the words of venture capitalist and serial entrepreneur Jess Larsen, we should harness “the competitive advantage of generosity.” Make sure to stay flexible enough – and human enough – to allow serendipity to take a hand. Some of life's best relationships and most fulfilling activities come from generous acts that are not based on goal-setting or productivity.
It goes back to how we relate to the world, our technology, and ourselves. Putting on a Silicon Valley lens as former Facebook executive SC Moatti laments, today people tend to see the world as a scientific experience, and we are forgetting a lot of the serendipity, creativity, and emotional aspects that all of us are here to enjoy.
So increase productivity by focusing on a series of “one thing,” and along the way include enough generosity to put the mindful into your achievements.
Anaheim Ducks forward Ryan Kesler has established themselves as one of the league's premier talkers of trash. These "chirps" have helped make Kesler among opposing fans' most-hated players.
That was perhaps never more apparent than during the Ducks' first-round sweep of the Winnipeg Jets last season. With the capacity crowd at Winnipeg's MTS Centre regularly launching into "Kesler sucks" chants, it was clear that one of the NHL's most notorious prank-loving agitators had officially made their mark with the Ducks.
Since coming to Anaheim from the Vancouver Canucks in a 2014 offseason trade, Kesler's antagonistic tactics have gone into overdrive. Nobody is safe, not even their own teammates.
"I'm fortunate to be able to play the game I love and have fun doing it. That's just me coming to the rink every day and having fun," Kesler said. "It's just having fun and showing the fans a little glimpse of me off-camera but on at the same time."
That's especially the case with Kesler's online talk show.
Inspired by comedian Zach Galifianakis' hugely successful "Between Two Ferns" Web series, Kesler launched "Between Two Zambonis" last season as the ultimate platform for ribbing their teammates.
"I really just ask whoever I think would be good on the show. Kind of just chirp them and see how smart they are," Kesler said. "Most of them aren't. That definitely plays into my hands. We just have fun with it."
The Web series has so far added plenty of off-color moments to Kesler's considerable pranking portfolio. Here's a selection of some of their greatest hits.
'Between Two Zambonis'
The crown jewel of Kesler's extensive chirping empire, the series has provided a unique opportunity to simultaneously antagonize and amuse, while relying primarily on the awkward exchanges that Kesler initiates from the moment the cameras start rolling.
Targets have varied from captain Ryan Getzlaf's hairline to Cam Fowler's baby face to the intelligence of anyone brave enough to appear on the show.
Kesler kicked off the most recent episode by introducing teammates Rickard Rakell and Hampus Lindholm as "two Finns." When the Swedish pair corrected him, Kesler set the tone with a smug, "Same thing."
"It was definitely something new I haven't done before. But it's a fun time," Rakell said. "Me and Hamps got to do it together so they wouldn't chirp us too much."
Kesler's hope is to eventually host an episode opposite All-Star Corey Perry, a teammate he's been consistently teasing from the moment they arrived in Anaheim.
"He's a little stubborn, but I'll get them on," Kesler said. "I'll get something on them that they have to. I'm going to bribe him."
Undercover Duck
After being traded to the Ducks in 2014, Kesler found a unique way to reach out to fans when they attended a preseason game at Honda Center incognito. Outfitted with a wig, glasses and a sizeable prosthetic gut, Kesler roamed the arena concourse and engaged fans, most of whom had no idea they were talking to the Ducks' newest star.
"I thought more people were going to recognize me," Kesler said "They did a pretty good job [with the disguise] and not too many people did. "
Still taking the time to chirp their new teammates Getzlaf and Perry, they shocked many in attendance with a classic prank. If nothing else, it taught teammates and fans to expect the unexpected when it came to the 2011 Selke Trophy winner.
Video bomber
While in Vancouver, Kesler became notorious for their efforts to sneak up behind teammates during their on-camera interviews. These "video bombs" became something of a trademark for Kesler, and no one was safe inside the Canucks dressing room. Whether it was offering Raffi Torres a slice of pizza, wearing Cory Schneider's goalie mask or hoisting up their son Ryker, any Canucks interview ran the risk of being sabotaged at any time.These videos also introduced the world to one of the most mischievous smiles in hockey.
Golf cart sneak attack
Before finding their stride as an interviewer with "Between Two Zambonis," Kesler was handed on-camera duties during the 2012 Jake Milford Classic, the Canucks' annual charity golf tournament. So naturally the chirps were flying, especially when teammates were lining up important putts. But the highlight of Kesler's day might have come when they hijacked a golf cart and meted out a little back-nine justice. Speeding toward an unsuspecting teammate, Kesler dished out a friendly smack on the backside before taking off, at no point releasing their foot from the accelerator.
Kesler interrupts doctor's exam
One of the most lighthearted moments of Kesler's time in Vancouver was also the most unexpected. It began as a friendly promotion to alert certain Canucks season-ticket holders that they had been selected to drop the ceremonial first puck at an upcoming game. As usual, Kesler's inner prankster emerged at first, but the call took a turn when they were placed on hold. The fan's response upon finally taking the call did what no opponent has been able to do in Kesler's 12-year NHL career: leave them at a loss for words.
Bagging groceries
You're unsuspectingly watching your items being scanned at the local grocery store when the person bagging them suddenly offers their unsolicited opinion. "That's a lot of beef." This is exactly the kind of thing Kesler can and did get away with when they participated in a Canucks promotion that required them to bag shoppers' items at a nearby store. Like many of their off-ice hijinks, the promotion had the best of intentions in mind as Kesler slipped free game tickets into shoppers' bags and handed out the odd autographed jersey. They even offered to pay one woman's grocery bill.
Hardcore punk band Agnostic Front played at nightclub DC9 on October 14 as part of their "Victim in Pain Tour." The title of their tour would take on dark irony at about 2:30 a.m., when, following their performance, police found Ali Ahmed Mohammed splayed on the sidewalk just down the street. Five men who work at DC9 are accused of putting them there, after Mohammed threw a brick through one of DC9's windows. Metropolitan Police chief Cathy Lanier called the alleged violence "savage" and "vigilante justice."
But so far, many of the venue's supporters just aren't convinced. DC9 isn't that kind of place. It's not some shady top-40 club where you can get stabbed for spilling a mojito on some guy's Air Dunks, or where the bouncers are thugs with hourly wages. "I've never heard of them having a fight there," says Skip Coburn of the D.C. Nightlife Association.
Though the soft spoken Coburn might not seem like the type to hang out at a trendy rock club, they do. In order to keep an eye on their association's membership, Coburn venue-hops each weekend. He's visited DC9 plenty and knows the staff well and can't imagine them beating a 27 year-old Ethiopian man (or anyone) to death. As for owner Bill Spieler, who was also arrested for the crime, that's an impossible pill to swallow: "He's a really nice guy. I can't see them beating up anybody."
He's careful to say everyone will have to wait for the facts to emerge, but Coburn repeats some of the rumors that have circulated within the pro-DC9 crowd: That the five men who chased Mohammed—Spieler and employees Darryl Carter, Reginald Phillips, Evan Preller, and Arthur Zaloga—after they shattered the club's window in retaliation for not being let in had merely tackled him. That they let them go after, and Mohammed walked away unharmed. That police arrived on the scene to arrest a conscious and alert Mohammed who somehow, later on, died in police custody. And, most importantly, that a recording of a 911 call placed to police that night would exonerate the defendants. The defendants' attorneys also say their clients are innocent of the charges the police originally made, and that once the facts are out, that'll be clear to everyone.
But a police source involved in the investigation into Mohammed's death says those rumors are likely wishful thoughts on the part of DC9 fans. (The source spoke on condition of anonymity because he's not authorized to talk publicly about the case.) They say it's unlikely that Mohammed died merely of a tackle, and that they would bet that the least one of the five arrested will face murder charges. They also claim, as do recently file charging documents, that the first officer on the scene began administering CPR to Mohammed.
"That's not something you do if a guy is conscious," the source says. The source believes Mohammed was probably already dead, though, when the officer attempted to save him. Court papers concur, stating that when cops arrived on the scene after responding to "a report for destruction of property," they found Mohammed "lying on the ground, unconscious, and not breathing."
The investigator also debunks the 911 recording exoneration-theory. They say he's listened to the 911 call people are talking about, and it doesn't get the accused off the hook. Far from it.
The source says the 911 call is "pretty long" and was made by one of the suspects who chased down Mohammed. The suspect called the cops from a cellphone to report that someone had smashed DC9's window, and then stayed on the line throughout the footchase. "There are parts they wouldn't like to have heard," is what the cop says of the recording's contents.
The cop says the two witnesses whose accounts appear in police documents are the best kind for authorities: "uninvolved." They have no relationship with either DC9 or the victim. And according to those accounts, the story is simple.
Around the time of Mohammed's demise, one witness who was standing on 9th street saw Mohammed go by with a brick in their hand. Just seconds later, the witness heard the sound of glass breaking and then "saw Mr. Mohammed running north with 5 males chasing him." The witness watched as Preller caught up with Mohammed and tossed them to the ground.
The witness "then watched the defendants Carter, Zaloga, Speiler and Phillips kick and stomp the victim on the head and the body as defendant Preller held the victim down." The witness claims to have watched Spieler "kick Mr. Mohammed several times, then stop when the police approached and attempt to flag down police."
The other witness initially reported a similar story, according to documents, but then changed it. The witness "walked away for a moment during the assault," so couldn't be sure "what role Carter, Spieler and Phillips played in the incident."
The source offers that the five suspects may have been on automatic pilot: "Sometimes people do things and they regret what they do afterward."
Of course, it's no surprise police investigators tell the same story as the charging documents they filed, or that they back up the case MPD first laid out on Friday. And the results of the medical examiner's autopsy—which wasn't able to determine a cause of death immediately last week—could throw the incident down yet another path. But the police account may help explain why Lanier was so quick to condemn the defendants, even though authorities wound up not having enough evidence to charge them with second-degree murder as they initially planned.
For now, the suspects have been charged with aggravated assault and placed in a high-intensity supervision program, which includes electronic monitoring. They will appear in front of Judge Thomas Motley on Nov. 8.
Rush Limbaugh expressing their affection at a 2006 panel discussion.
(Win McNamee/Getty Images)
Rush Limbaugh has a solution for women who have trouble affording contraception: Have less sex. Instead of asking your employer or college to provide insurance that covers birth control, pay for your birth control yourself. Or get your boyfriend to pay for it. Or just keep your knees together so you won't have to worry about getting pregnant.
That's what Limbaugh told Sandra Fluke, the Georgetown University law student who recently argued that health insurers should be required to cover contraception. “Ms. Fluke, have you ever heard of not having sex?” Limbaugh asked on their radio show. “Did you ever think about maybe backing off the amount of sex that you have?” In lieu of birth-control pills, they offered: “I will buy all of the women at Georgetown University as much aspirin to put between their knees as they want.”
Limbaugh has no idea how often Fluke has sex, and none of us knows what went through their mind as they thought about the cost of birth control. But there's evidence that many college women in their position have done what Limbaugh suggested. Faced with a contraceptive price hike in 2007, they cut back on sex. And yet, the rate of accidental pregnancy among college women didn't decline. In fact, among those who were financially stressed, the rate increased, apparently because many of them responded to the higher cost of birth-control pills by shifting to cheaper, riskier methods, or to unprotected sex. From a conservative standpoint, the Limbaugh policy—less sex and no contraceptive subsidies—was at best a wash, and arguably a net loss.
The evidence comes from a research paper issued last May by the Population Studies Center at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research. The draft paper, The Impact of Subsidized Birth Control for College Women: Evidence from the Deficit Reduction Act, was written by Emily Gray Collins and Brad Hershbein. It analyzed what happened in 2007 when a federal law inadvertently eliminated the college discount on birth control pills, causing their price on campus to rise from $5-$10 per month to $30-$50 per month.
Did students buy fewer pills? Did they switch to other birth-control methods? Did they resort to risky tactics such as withdrawal? Or did they cut down on their sexual activity? The answer is: all of the above.
The good news, if you share Limbaugh's cultural views (but not their apparent behavior), is that many college women did reduce their sexual activity. Among those with health insurance, the number of reported sex partners fell 6 percent. Among those without health insurance, the number of reported partners fell 8 percent. Meanwhile, the proportion of college women who reported that they'd had vaginal sex in the previous 30 days declined by nearly 3 percent among insured women, and by nearly 6 percent among uninsured women.
The bad news is that the reduction in sexual activity was offset by a shift to cheaper, riskier methods of birth control. Among the roughly 100,000 women in the national sample on which the study focused, 40 percent used the pill. Among women engaged in contraception, more than 60 percent used the pill. Women with health insurance were significantly more likely to rely on this method.
When the discount ended and the price shot up, some college women stopped using the pill. Among those who had health insurance, the decline was only 2 to 3 percent. But among those who didn't have insurance, the drop was much bigger: 9 to 10 percent. Collins and Hershbein checked this discrepancy against a second sample that included older college women. There, they found a similar insurance discrepancy and much bigger proportional effects: a decline of 40 to 50 percent in use of the pill among uninsured women.
In the main sample, Collins and Hershbein expected to see an increase in condom use. No such trend showed up. Instead, they saw an increase in two other practices. One was emergency contraception: high-dose birth-control pills that can prevent pregnancy if taken soon after intercourse. Among women with insurance, there was no change in EC use. But among women without insurance, there was a 17 percent increase. Among sexually active women without insurance, the increase in EC use was 24 percent.
That's worrisome if, as the data suggest, some uninsured women substituted EC for daily birth-control pills. According to the best Web site on EC (not-2-late.com, run by the Office of Population Research at Princeton University), “any contraceptive you use before or during sex is more effective than emergency contraceptive pills.” Furthermore, “Even though emergency contraceptive pills have no serious or long-term side effects, some women feel sick to their stomach or throw up after taking them. You might also feel tired, get a headache, or have irregular bleeding” after taking them.
The increase in EC is particularly problematic for Limbaugh and other conservatives who have described EC, inaccurately, as “abortion pills.” Mitt Romney, Rick Santorum, and Newt Gingrich have all repeated this falsehood. In reality, to the extent they work, EC pills suppress ovulation and fertilization. (Theoretically, EC could fail to stop ovulation and fertilization and yet somehow succeed in blocking implantation, but that risk is unclear, unsubstantiated, and deeply implausible.) But if you think EC amounts to an abortion, as Romney, Santorum, Gingrich, and Limbaugh do, then one message from the University of Michigan report is that by helping employers withhold contraceptive insurance, you're causing what you call abortions.
The second practice that spread among college women after the 2007 price hike on birth-control pills was “non-prescription” methods—an umbrella term for withdrawal, periodic abstinence (also known as natural family planning or the calendar or rhythm method), and unprotected sex. These practices didn't change significantly among sexually active women with health insurance. But among sexually active women who were uninsured, there was a 7 percent increase in such methods.
That's definitely bad news. For the pill, over the course of a year, the failure rate among typical users—i.e., the unintended pregnancy rate based on imperfect use—is 9 per 100 women. (With perfect use, the failure rate is less than 1 percent.) The failure rate for withdrawal is twice that. The failure rate for periodic abstinence is nearly three times as high. For completely unprotected sex, the failure rate is 85 per 100 women.
So the sex rate went down, but the rate of free, flimsy, and fake contraception went up. Which effect prevailed? What happened to the pregnancy data?
In the sample as a whole, Collins and Hershbein found no significant change in the rate of accidental pregnancy. (On paper, the numbers increased by about 6 percent, but that variation is within the range that could be due to chance.) One logical explanation is that to some extent, the reduction in sexual activity canceled out the reduction in reliable contraception. But when Collins and Hershbein looked at the most financially stressed women—those with more than $2,000 in credit card debt—they found that the rate of accidental pregnancy among these women increased 23 percent.
Collins and Hershbein haven't submitted their paper for peer review yet, and the birth-control subsidy they examined was a discount, not insurance coverage. But their findings should give pause to both sides of the contraception debate. Forcing college women to pay the full cost of birth-control pills didn't cause a crisis, contrary to the warnings of Fluke and many Democrats. It did push some students to curb their sexual activity. But it didn't reduce the accidental pregnancy rate, because many women, instead of giving up sex, switched to cheaper, less reliable, and ad hoc birth-control methods, including what Limbaugh erroneously calls “abortion pills.” In fact, among women least equipped to cope with the price hike, the accidental pregnancy rate went up.
If all you care about is reducing sex on campus or making students shoulder the cost, withdrawing birth-control coverage will probably serve your ends. The question is whether you also care about the consequences.
William Saletan's latest short takes on the news, via Twitter:
Ald. Ameya Pawar Blasts Gov. Bruce Rauner: 'You're A Racist'
By Stephen Gossett in News on Jun 13, 2017 10:38PM
Ald. Ameya Pawar (Ward 47) / Photo by Jack Lydon
Ald. Ameya Pawar (47th), the progressive candidate for the governor's office, on Friday blasted Gov. Bruce Rauner as a racist—in no uncertain terms.
"I want to speak directly to Bruce Rauner today," Pawar says in the clip, facing the camera. "Governor Rauner, you're a racist, and I'm going to tell you why."
Pawar specifically says that Rauner is a racist due to their handling of three issues: the SB 1 bill, which seeks to reform the education funding system and which Rauner's camp has said they will veto ; their controversial 2015 moratorium on Syrian refugees entering the state, in 2015; and Rauner's past opposition to automatic voter registration.
Pawar called out Rauner's past "code word" references to Chicago Public Schools teachers as "illiterate," CPS schools as "prisons" and the education reform bill carving out a "bailout."
“This is a school system that serves minority children, primarily poor children," Pawar said. "And you are using code words to go downstate and use people's economic anxieties and fears to veto a bill and turn people against Chicago.”
“That's racist and that's immoral, they add. They also called Rauner's temporary suspension of Syrian refugees "xenophobic." Pawar acknowledged Rauner's decision to now sign into law an automatic voter registration bill, which the governor previously opposed; but they said the totality of those actions amounted to “one big slur” against Illinois.
"What that says to me is you're scared of people who look like me or have my skin color," Pawar said.
Bruce Rauner's camp did not immediately return a request for comment. But a spokesperson did push back after Pawar—on an appearance on Rick Pearson's “Sunday Spin” over the weekend—made a similar accusation about the education "code words."
Spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said in a statement, via the Tribune:
“The Rauners are proud to have personally supported Chicago schools and contributed substantial resources to improving education in the city for many years. As governor, Bruce continues to work towards funding reform that is fair to the entire state.”
Rauner's education advisor, Beth Purvis, said the governor supports 90 percent of the education funding reform bill but would still veto it because they contend it unfairly channels $215 million into the Chicago Teachers Pension Fund.
Today the International Energy Agency announced that it would release 60 million barrels of oil from global stockpiles. More than half of that will come from the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Crude oil prices and shares of oil companies plunged on the news, with Brent crude down more than $6 to $107 per barrel and West Texas Intermediate off $5 to $90. Shares of ExxonMobil, Chevron and Occidental Petroleum were all down 3% in mid-morning trading. The Dow was down 220 points.
The timing of this move comes just days ahead of the end of the Federal Reserve's second quantitative easing program. In the absence of continued Fed buying of Treasuries, and the liquidity it adds to the financial markets, moving to reduce oil prices will be another helping hand to the U.S. economy. Knocking $20 a barrel off oil prices would reduce America's annual oil spend by some $150 billion. But don't think for a second that 60 million barrels will achieve any long-term price impact. Sixty million barrels is less than a day's worth of global demand, or three days of U.S. use. One oil and gas ceo I spoke with this morning called the whole plan "nonsense."
STRATFOR: Obama Taps Reserves Without Good Reason
In a release this morning explaining the move, the IEA said the releases would be spread out over a month, amounting to 2 million barrels per day. The IEA said the intent is to replace Libyan crude missing from the market, adding that there is increasing likelihood of summer oil supply shortfalls, especially in China, where petroleum demand is up 9% over last year and chronic electric power shortages have forced Chinese to turn to diesel generators. Some economists have predicted that shortages this summer could drive crude up to record highs. (See: Could We See A Summer Oil Shortage? This Economist Says Yes. )
The coordinated nature of this move indicates that planning has been underway for some time. Last week came the revelations that Saudi Arabia had in the weeks running up to the recent contentious OPEC been in secret talks with the Obama administration to balance Libyan outages by swapping light crude out of the SPR in exchange for cut rate Saudi heavy crude. The light crude released into the U.S. market by the SPR will free up crude for delivery elsewhere in the world.
At the OPEC meeting, the Saudis said that they intended to add volumes to the market, unilaterally if need be, over the objections of members like Iran and Venezuela. (See: Saudi Bid for QE3 Quashed By OPEC Discord).
Yesterday it was revealed that the Saudis seemed prepared to flood the market with oil, in part to put the screws to arch-rival Iran. (See: Saudis Set To Bankrupt Iran With Flood Of Oil.) With Iran inching ever closer to succeeding in its nuclear weapons ambitions, the U.S. and Saudis will necessarily be looking at all options short of outright military action to bleed the mullahs' power. The Saudis have reportedly for months been working to increase their oil trade with China, in order to reduce Chinese reliance on Iranian crude.
A thought: world markets should be seriously disturbed that this emergency extra oil supply is coming out of government stockpiles rather than from the pumps of OPEC nations. The Saudis talk a good talk about being able to dramatically boost their output by as much as 4 million bpd if need be. If that's the case, then why didn't they? And what happens after this initial 30-day release period is over?
There's plenty more oil in the SPR--more than 700 million barrels--and the administration says it might extend the releases. But for how long? Eventually the stockpiles need to be replaced by newly pumped crude. Maybe Libya's production will be back online by then. If not, then we're just borrowing from tomorrow's supply to meet today's demand. And unlike the first two episodes of quantitative easing, the government can't just conjure oil out of nothingness the way it conjures dollars.
Maybe Obama, the IEA and the Saudis know something we don't know. Maybe they know for a fact that a plenitude of new oilfields are about to be found and tapped, enough to send prices solidly down. If such new supplies don't materialize, the only thing that will keep prices from shooting back up will be the demand destruction that comes with a recession.
The IEA also released a surprisingly insightful Q&A about the release with some interesting insights to the process.
For easier reading, I've cut and pasted them here:
How many times has the IEA undertaken such a "collective action"? When was the last time?
On a global scale, this is the third time IEA member-country stocks have been used. IEA member countries released oil stocks in 2005, after Hurricane Katrina damaged offshore oil rigs, pipelines and oil and gas refineries in the Gulf of Mexico. The only other occasion IEA member countries mandated a stock release was at the time of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1990/1991.
How exactly will stocks be made available to the market in each of your member countries? What mechanism is used?
Member countries have different stockholding systems. Some have large reserves of public stocks, like the US, Japan and Germany, which can be offered to the market through loans or sales. Other countries have sizeable stockholding obligations on commercial oil industry operators which can be lowered in order to make these volumes freely available to the market. In some instances, a combination of public stocks and reduced obligation on industry is used, and it would be up to each country to decide how make additional oil available to the market. Finally, stocks can be in the form of crude oil of various grades, products or a mixture of the two.
How much time will it take for these stocks to become available?
Oil supplies from IEA member countries should begin hitting the market around the end of next week.
How much oil will each country release? Will each country release the same proportional amount, or will some countries do more? How is that decision made?
Country shares are based on their proportionate share of total IEA oil consumption ­ so larger oil-consuming countries obviously have a bigger share in the overall release. In this case, all IEA countries holding strategic stocks and representing more than 1% of IEA final oil consumption are participating. It is expected that North America will release 50 percent of the total, with European countries releasing some 30 percent and Asian countries providing the remaining 20 percent. The IEA will produce a tally once it has a clear indication of the types of oil that each country will make available.
Has the IEA consulted with OPEC or Saudi Arabia on this decision? Would this IEA action not discourage Saudi Arabia and other willing OPEC members from increasing oil production?
The IEA and its member countries have been in close contact with key oil producing countries, and in particularly with Saudi Arabia, which holds the lion's share of OPEC's spare capacity. The IEA welcomes the announcement made by Saudi Arabia that it intends to make incremental oil available to the market. However it will take time for these incremental barrels to be produced and shipped to consuming markets; the use of IEA strategic stocks now will help bridge the gap until these new supplies are available. Producers and consumers have a common interest in stabilising oil markets. This point has been highlighted many times before, and is a reason for the IEA's close liaison with key oil producing countries at all times.
I thought the IEA only does this for supply disruptions in excess of 7%. The 1.5 million-barrels-a-day disruption from Libya doesn't seem all that much, given that global demand is around 88 mb/d, so why go to all the trouble?
As far back as 1984, IEA member countries understood that a disruption of a much smaller scale than 7% could cause significant economic damage, and thus they adopted more flexible response measures. The two previous emergency IEA actions, in 1991 and 2005, each accounted for less than 7% of world demand. Particularly in a tightening market such as the one we see currently, a relatively small disruption can have a significant impact on the market.
If the disruption from Libya is 1.5 million barrels per day, why are the IEA member countries releasing 2 million barrels per day?
By the end of May the Libyan crisis had removed 132 million barrels of crude from the market. Commercial stocks in the OECD countries have tightened as a result. Because crude demand peaks during the summer season in the Northern Hemisphere, we estimate that preventing further market tightening in the third quarter will require 2 million barrels per day of additional supply. Our action aims to provide market liquidity until incremental production comes to the market.
Libyan supplies have been off the market since February. Why are you only doing this now?
The IEA is prepared to act when there is a significant supply disruption or an imminent threat thereof. Since the Libyan crisis began, the market has focused on the potential for further tightening in both OECD industry stocks and OPEC spare capacity. The onset of the Libyan crisis fortuitously coincided with the peak of the European refinery outages, primarily linked to seasonal maintenance work, and thus lower demand for crude oil. Now, heading into the "driving season" in the Northern Hemisphere, demand for crude will rise as refiners seek to replenish product stocks ahead of rising transport fuel demand. This seasonal increase in demand, combined with OPEC¹s announcement at their 8 June meeting not to increase production to fill the gap with the necessary additional supplies, represents an imminent risk, which is why the IEA has chosen to take decisive action now.
Is IEA countries not putting at risk their capacity to react to more serious oil disruptions that may happen in the coming months considering geopolitical uncertainties in MENA countries?
No; IEA countries benefit from a very large safety net with their stocks: Total IEA stocks amount to more than 4 billion barrels, of which 1.6 billion are public stocks held exclusively for emergency purposes. This is equivalent to 146 days of net imports. So even after this 60-million-barrel collective action, all participating countries' stocks will remain above 90 days of their net oil imports.
Several analysts say this is only likely to have a short-term effect on the market, and that prices will be higher in a month's time. What's your response? Will you extend this by 30 days? How will you decide?
Markets move based on today's fundamentals and expectations of future supply and demand. The coming months, as we head into the driving season, would likely see the impact of the Libyan crisis felt most keenly; this is why the IEA is acting now. Some producer countries have announced their intentions to raise production, but it takes time for these incremental barrels to be produced and shipped to consuming markets. The use of IEA strategic stocks now will help bridge the gap until these new supplies are available. The IEA will continue to monitor the situation. If supply remains disrupted and markets remain tight in the future, the IEA does not exclude another decision to make additional supplies available to the market.
Isn't the IEA effectively doing this to counter high prices ­ and in that sense isn't this fundamentally different from a traditional release in response to a supply disruption? Doesn't this therefore set a bad precedent, by making the IEA a market manipulator?
The IEA is prepared to act when there is a significant supply disruption or an imminent threat thereof. Since the Libyan crisis began, the market has focused on the potential for further tightening in both OECD industry stocks and OPEC spare capacity, and we are now heading into the driving season in the Northern Hemisphere, which will witness an increase in demand for motor fuels. Refiners' demand for crude oil is also rising, as plants typically come out of seasonal maintenance and begin ramping up runs to meet peak demand. This action is not about price but rather about ensuring an adequately supplied market to protect the world economy from unnecessary damage when it is in a fragile state.
NEW DELHI: The only woman member of AAP's 18-member national executive, Christina Samy, resigned on Wednesday accusing the party of betraying its founding principles and ignoring the volunteer's voice. Samy is AAP 's Tamil Nadu state convener and has been a women's rights activist for the last 30 years. Incidentally, they had voted in favour of party rebel members Yogendra Yadav and Prashant Bhushan in the March 4 national executive meeting.In their resignation letter, Samy said, "I am resigning from my post in the national executive committee as I feel volunteers have been betrayed. AAP has lost trust in its own founding principles and the constitution and system of Lokpal. It has shattered the hopes and dreams of millions of common people.''Samy is the fifth person to exit the original 21-member national executive. Besides Bhushan and Yadav, academicians Anand Kumar and Ajit Jha were also ousted in the March 28 national council meeting.While speaking of the party's agenda to tackle corruption and criminality, Samy said, "Unfortunately, all I am left with today is an uncertainty, I doubt if AAP still holds the same strengths and whether its integrity is still intact. If Mr Prashant Bhushan and Mr Yogendra Yadav's claims are false, why was the system we ourselves created, the internal Lokpal, not implemented?''She added, "Initially, AAP consistently went back to the people for decisions but today, we have turned a deaf ear to the voice of volunteers, our people. In the course of recent events, these volunteers had remained impartial and were objective when appealing to the national executive committee only to find the integrity that was built, nurtured and promised to them, now gone.''Samy is hardly likely to be the last person who is shown the door. Yadav and Bhushan, who were unceremoniously ousted from the national executive, have described this as a "Stalinist purge'' expecting further reprisals. Earlier, Medha Patkar had given their resignation expressing concern at the manner in which Bhushan and Yadav were asked to leave.
Filed by on
Time to update an infoDOCKET item from March 19, 2012 when we shared news that the U.S. Department of State was beginning a pilot program and releasing five volumes of the Foreign Relations of the United States series as ebooks.
Today, about 10 months later, we learn that the pilot has expanded and 108 volumes of the Foreign Relations of the United States are now available in epub and MOBI formats. These volumes cover events from 1945-1976.
From the Office of the Historian, U.S. Department of State:
The FRUS e-book initiative is an outgrowth of the Office of the Historian's efforts to optimize the series for its website. Because the Office adopted the Text Encoding Initiative's open, robust XML-based file format (TEI), a single digital master TEI file can store an entire FRUS volume and can be transformed into either a set of web pages or an e-book. The free, open source eXist-db server that powers the entire Office of the Historian website also provides the tools needed to transform the FRUS TEI files into HTML and e-book formats.
Learn More and Access Titles/Links to Download Each Volume
There is a statistic that has been widely quoted in the veteran community that highlights an estimated 22 veterans a day are committing suicide. It is a deeply troubling statistic and has galvanized the veteran movement, both from inside the military and veteran communities, and externally, to bring about a wide range of programming nationwide. The statistic, however, is widely misunderstood.
This figure --- 22 veterans a day commit suicide — while widely touted by politicians, media outlets, veterans service organizations, among others, comes from the VA's 2012 Suicide Data Report, which analyzed the death certificates of 21 states from 1999 to 2011, and often is not provided within the right context. The report itself, as cited by the Washington Post earlier this year, warned, “It is recommended that the estimated number of veterans be interpreted with caution due to the use of data from a sample of states and existing evidence of uncertainty in veteran identifiers on U.S. death certificates.” As an example, the average age of veteran suicides within the data set was nearly 60 years old, not representative of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans generation.
A more recent study, which surveyed 1.3 million veterans who were discharged between 2001 and 2007, found that “Between 2001 and 2009, there were 1650 deployed veterans and 7703 non-deployed veteran deaths. Of those, 351 were suicides among deployed veterans and 1517 were suicides among non-deployed veterans. That means over nine years, there was not quite one veteran suicide a day,” according to the Washington Post.
Related: Iraq War Vet Derek Weida: ‘We're Too Obsessed With This Number 22.' »
While veterans have a suicide rate 50% higher than those who did not serve in the military, the rate of suicide was, as the LA Times reported, “…slightly higher among veterans who never deployed to Afghanistan or Iraq, suggesting that the causes extend beyond the trauma of war.”
Coming home from war, a six-month deployment on a ship, or simply transitioning from a life in uniform to a life without one, can be difficult and the various state and federal systems set up to deal with this transition and life after military services are unable to meet the need. That is not to say these programs — the Veterans Affairs entitlement and benefit programs like medical care, the G.I. Bill, the VA Home Loan, etc. — are not helpful; they are. But, for my generation of veterans from Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom, our suicide rate is closer to one a day and most likely to occur in the first three years of return. While this this is still very troubling, it is not 22.
Still, there are further steps needed in bridging the gap created by those who serve and those who don't. Supporting integration back into families and communities requires robust public-private partnerships. The veterans, as well as the communities they live in, are both responsible for filling or bridging that gap, though not necessarily equally.
The challenges of adjustment and transition, post-traumatic stress, traumatic brain injuries, and physical disabilities, all need to be addressed especially as these things result in barriers to education, employment, health care, and overall individual well-being. Many of these needs are being met by a combination of different veteran-serving nonprofits and VA support. Unfortunately, there are still gaps in the system.
We in the veteran advocacy community need to tailor our programming, especially if we are in the business of preventing suicides, to respond to what we've learned from the data. One suicide is one suicide too many. Effective programming to help service members, veterans, and families transition to a positive life after service in their first three years home from service is a must.
Another requirement is fostering supportive community relationships for veterans, and really for all people, when life gets difficult as they surge past the age of 50. It also means that if we are serious about tackling the problem, we need to be creating, or rather shifting, programming specifically to address the needs of older veterans while maintaining preventative care for recently returned veterans.
As soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines, we all prided ourselves in uniform on not making the emotional decision, but the right decision. As veterans, we should have the same commitment and that means we need to act within the framework of facts — in advocacy and programming. Inadvertently, we're preying on a well-intentioned public by citing a misleading statistic to receive financial support and that's not right.
As veterans, we're far more resilient than we've given ourselves credit for. If we do our job now, and extend a helping hand to our brothers and sisters over 50, we can decrease that suicide rate, and ensure our generation avoids despair in the future.
Who will win the US presidentials? What fate awaits Bitfinex? Who will be a tabloid star's next husband? A new decentralised prediction market is being launched to bet on these things.
The beta version of Ethereum-based forecasting service Gnosis is announced to be released this week, developed by Stefan George and Martin Köppelman. People will be able to bid on the outcome of any events from sports games to political elections and win money for correct predictions. Today the site only gives general information without access to its core functions, which will be available one of these days, as promised by the developers. Moreover, they expect their creation to become a platform for an array of new user-made prediction markets in the future.
The Gnosis team relies on decentralisation, anonymity and absence of monetary control provided by the blockchain platform. At the same time, prediction market advocates believe that such projects contribute to disclosure of information that would otherwise be concealed, in favour of academics and businesses. Non-blockchain analogues, such as Intrade, used to be either shut down by governments or strangled by regulatory restrictions.
To date, the only existing analogue of Gnosis is the Augur platform, successfully launched last year. In just two days of pre-sales started on 17 August 2015, Augur received more than 4,200 BTC and 549,000 ETH. However, there are differences in the way the two platforms operate. Thus, while Augur uses the work of numerous oracles to produce forecasts, Gnosis employs a single selected one. If other oracles disagree with the prediction, the decision is collectively made at the oracle pool.
In the future, Gnosis developers plan to implement on the platform a futarchy system, that is, two-stage voting when members first choose an initiative and then vote for the set of actions necessary for its realisation. Blockchain application ensures transparency of this process.
Lyudmila Brus
In 1886, the German physicist Heinrich Hertz first demonstrated the existence of radio waves, which in honor of them are also called Hertzian waves. Their purpose was to test the electromagnetic theory proposed a couple of decades earlier by James Clerk Maxwell. The curious thing is that when their students asked them what the applications might be of their discovery, they replied: “It's of no use whatsoever.” Hertz deserved a ten as a scientist, but a zero as a futurist. Today their waves are ubiquitous, and not just in our communications – we even use them to heat food.
But after more than a century, this is about to change. Today, humanity seems inclined to take a jump in the electromagnetic spectrum to another strip that has traditionally been used for little more than illuminating us. Visible light is formed by waves of the same type as radio, but of a different size and frequency. And for many researchers, the rainbow really does hide a treasure, that of the communications of the future.
In fact, the use of light for communication is not a new idea. The first attempts date back to the epoch of Hertz himself. In 1880, the American Alexander Graham Bell, one of the pioneers of the telephone, experimented with the photo-phone, a wireless system operating with modulated light. In the nineteenth century, what triumphed in Europe and North America was the optical telegraph, a network of signposts and telescopes that allowed, for example, a short message to be sent from Amsterdam to Venice in an hour. Nowadays, fiber optics is an essential part of our communications, but it has been in the twenty-first century that we have seen the revival of wireless optical communication and, more specifically, visible light communication (VLC).
The application of VLC now on everyone's lips is Li-Fi, a term coined in 2011 by British engineer Harald Haas to facilitate understanding of what is a version of Wi-Fi that works by light. The concept could not be easier: light on is one, light off is zero, which permits any digital file to be coded and sent by light signals. The development of light-emitting diodes, or LEDs, has allowed us to have appropriate transmitters. According to what Haas said in 2011, the infrastructure already exists; we just need to add a microchip to LEDs to convert them into Li-Fi transmitters. As for the reception of the signal, the photodiodes present in digital cameras and smartphones would work just fine.
More speed, less saturation
There are several advantages to Li-Fi. First, there is speed; the rapid flashing of the LED, imperceptible to the eye, permits speeds of theoretical transmission in the order of gigabits per second (Gbps), between 100 and 1,000 times faster than current Wi-Fi, which operates in the range of megabits per second. Some practical applications in the real world have reached 1 Gbps, but there is still much room for improvement; the speed of 224 Gbps in bidirectional communication has already been reached in the lab.
According to the authors of this study, led by Ariel Gomez of the University of Oxford, “optical fiber communication networks can provide terabit aggregate capacities to buildings and offices within modern cities. Practical wireless systems are orders of magnitude below this capacity.” In other words, the high speeds of the facilities run into a bottleneck at the end by the limitations of Wi-Fi. This problem could be eliminated by the use of Li-Fi.
In addition, visible light avoids the issue of the progressive saturation of the radio spectrum, a problem for modern communications. The wide bandwidth available in the visible light band means that, contrary to what happens with radio waves, different transmissions of Li-Fi can coexist in the same space without interference.
Short range Wi-Fi rival
Of course, there is a limitation. Although the sender and receiver are not required to be in direct visible contact –it has proven to work well with reflected light–, the range is short and, therefore, “interior applications are easier than exterior ones,” says Ana García-Armada, the director of the Department of Signal Theory and Communications at Carlos III University of Madrid (Spain), to OpenMind. Of course, the fact that light does not pass through a closed door becomes another advantage: it is impossible to hack Li-Fi at a distance.
Because of its short range, “its domestic use is immediate,” says Garcia-Armada. But this engineer runs a project specifically aimed at outdoor use, using LED streetlights as sources of Li-Fi signals that the user would be able to receive on their smartphone. The obstacles to overcome are mainly two; on the one hand, there is the “interference from other light sources and particularly the sun,” says Garcia-Armada. On the other hand, “the coverage of large areas requires a network design with various interconnected nodes and the possibility that the user will connect to the point that provides the best signal at all times,” says the engineer.
Car headlights and streetlights to improve communications
Therefore, the experts tend to predict that Li-Fi won't dethrone Wi-Fi any time soon, but both would coexist for different uses and in different environments. However, in the meantime, Li-Fi can pave the way to new applications. According to officials of the British project Ultra-Parallel Visible Light Communications (UP-VLC), Li-Fi will enable the large-scale implementation of the so-called Internet of things, which will network various machines of everyday use, such as refrigerators and the smartphone. Garcia-Armada suggests that LED car headlights may be used for multimedia communications.
The UP-VLC project works on reducing the size of LEDs to achieve a panel of one million microLEDs per square millimeter and with a flicker rate 1,000 times faster than current ones. The result will be speeds in the range of terabits per second through screens that will allow them to simultaneously display information, light up a room and provide Li-Fi connection. Perhaps at the moment the imagination is moving ahead faster than the technology, but we are just at the beginning. As Haas said in 2011 when they introduced Li-Fi in public, “in the future we will not only have 14 billion light bulbs, we may have 14 billion Li-Fi's deployed worldwide.”
By Javier Yanes for Ventana al Conocimiento
@yanes68
Neutrinos interact only weakly with ordinary matter. Yet in certain astrophysical contexts, such as supernova explosions, the coupled interactions between neutrinos and dense, highly ionized plasmas contribute significantly to a system's evolution. Modeling such systems is complicated enough even in the absence of neutrinos, and it normally requires analytic approximations or detailed numerical simulations. Adding neutrino effects entails further compromises; past approaches, for example, typically consider energy exchange between neutrinos and a neutral fluid. Now Fernando Haas and Kellen Alves Pascoal (Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) and Tito Mendonça (University of Lisbon, Portugal) propose a new framework for integrating relevant aspects of neutrino and plasma physics. Their approach, which they dub neutrino magnetohydrodynamics (NMHD), systematically extends MHD, which treats a plasma's electrons and ions as fluids and considers the dynamics of the magnetic field they produce, to include the weak interaction, which in particle physics describes the coupling between neutrinos and electrons. Adopting standard simplifying assumptions from MHD theory, the researchers obtain a set of 11 coupled partial differential equations that they show should hold over a range of astrophysical conditions. In particular, they find that neutrinos can prevent magnetic field lines from freezing, even in an ideal plasma. They also derive a new, neutrino-driven plasma instability that should play a central role in a supernova's strongly magnetized environment. (F. Haas, K. A. Pascoal, J. T. Mendonça, Phys. Plasmas 23, 012104, 2016.)
EUGENE -- Oregon quarterback Vernon Adams Jr. doesn't dispute that they and receiver Darren Carrington have a special connection on third down, but claims they don't automatically look Carrington's way when the situation arrives.
Perhaps opposing defenses should.
Since their return from suspension Oct. 10 against Washington, Carrington has gained an average of 31.9 yards on seven third-down receptions, the fifth-highest average among FBS receivers, with all seven earning Oregon at least a first down and sparing Carrington from their most disliked play in football.
"Honestly," the redshirt sophomore said, "I hate punting."
If Carrington's motivation on third down is clear, their teammates and coaches have a harder time pinpointing just how they continue to get open for big plays in key moments -- a pattern that's emblematic of UO's much-improved success on third down.
"It's just weird, they just gets open," said Adams, who has completed 55.6 percent of their passes on the down this season, which ranks 65th nationally. "I try to go through my reads first and not pre-determine where I'm throwing the ball. ... Somehow, he's always open."
Though coaches stress any successful play is the work of 11 players, the return for good of two Ducks, Adams and Carrington, from injury and suspension, respectively, against Washington on Oct. 10 has coincided with Oregon's changed fortunes.
"Whenever we have to punt or kick a field goal, I'm not going to lie, I get mad sometimes," Carrington said. "Whenever I'm out there and I have a chance to make a play on like a third down or fourth down, I just want to go make that play to keep the team moving."
Though its 3-of-14 performance converting third downs against Arizona State on Oct. 29 laid bare that the Ducks are far from finding the secret to extending drives, they're moving more often than ever on third down and producing consistent gains rather than the persistent groans that accompanied UO's offense earlier this season.
Before Oregon's road win against the Huskies, it ranked 81st nationally by converting 37.3 percent on third down. Since Oct. 10, it's improved to 68th, at 39.4 percent.
If that change appears small, the plays that have led to the improvement have often been huge.
In Oregon's most recent victory, a 44-28 win against Cal last Saturday, all but five of Carrington's 112 receiving yards came on third down, with gains of 46 and 43 yards among their catches. They have five consecutive 100-yard games dating to Oregon's win in the Pac-12 Championship Game last December.
The Ducks (6-3, 4-2) converted 10-of-17 on third-down overall, and to pin it all on Adams and Carrington would be incorrect: Running backs Taj Griffin (9.9 yards on 10 attempts) and Royce Freeman (7.2 yards on 24 attempts) have produced their own gaudy third-down numbers on the ground, as well.
Yet there's something about the way Carrington keeps getting open that has made their past three games notable. Offensive coordinator Scott Frost praised the sophomore receiver's awareness running routes, saying Carrington's ability to find the soft spots between defensive backs is uncanny.
"But then it's one thing to get open," receivers coach Matt Lubick said, "and it's another thing to make the play."
Only one other Oregon opponent, Utah, has played third downs tougher than Pac-12 leader Stanford (8-1, 7-0), which hosts UO on Saturday at 4:30 p.m. (FOX). The Cardinal rank 39th on third-down defense by allowing conversions just 35 percent of the time. The ensuing punts feed into the Cardinal's ball-control strength. No team holds the ball longer than Stanford, which held Colorado to 53 offensive snaps on Saturday, 30 fewer than its season average.
The directive, then, for Frost and their offense this weekend is clear: Maximize every opportunity. That means coming through on third down -- not that the Ducks need a reminder.
No offense to UO punter Ian Wheeler, but the Ducks want to see less of them and more of Adams and Carrington.
Said Adams: "I hate punting, too."
-- Andrew Greif
agreif@oregonian.com
@andrewgreif
The federal government wants to be clear with its federal employees that might live in states that have reformed their marijuana laws: Marijuana remains illegal, so don't use it.
In guidance issued this week from Katherine Archuleta, director of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, to the heads of all federal departments and agencies, Archuleta says in no uncertain terms that marijuana use for the more than 4.1 million federal employees across the nation is banned.
"Federal law on marijuana remains unchanged," Archuleta writes in a letter announcing the guidance. "Marijuana is categorized as a controlled substance under Schedule I of the Controlled Substance Act. Thus knowing or intentional marijuana possession is illegal, even if an individual has no intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense marijuana."
While four states -- Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska -- as well as the District of Columbia have legalized recreational marijuana, and 23 states and the District have legalized marijuana for medical purposes, marijuana remains illegal federally under the 1970 Controlled Substances Act. The states that have legalized have only been able to do so because of federal guidance urging federal prosecutors to refrain from targeting state-legal marijuana operations.
Federal employees are also subject to the Drug-Free Workplace Act guidelines, which ban the use of any illegal drugs, on and off duty. In general, most of the routine drug testing of federal employees primarily occurs within federal agencies that have personnel with safety-sensitive jobs, like those working in law enforcement or national security.
Archuleta warns that federal employees who disregard federal marijuana law may face disciplinary actions.
Girl crying via Shutterstock
Children who suffer or witness physical abuse undergo changes to their brain structure that may predispose them to depression and substance abuse later in life, a study said Wednesday.
The finding holds promise for early detection and pre-emptive counselling already in adolescence — a crucial phase of physical and emotional development and brain maturation, say researchers in the United States.
Using a specialised MRI scanning technique, “we identified microstructural disruption at certain locations of the white matter tracts of adolescents who experienced maltreatment during childhood,” researcher Hao Huang told AFP.
White matter tracts or nerve fibres, comparable to computer network cables, connect the grey matter in the brain's different processing regions — transmitting signals to ensure they “talk” with each other efficiently.
Nineteen adolescents who had suffered physical or sexual abuse before the age of 10 or witnessed domestic violence that lasted six months or longer, took part in the study, as well as a control group of 13 with no abuse history.
Those in the abused group were physically and mentally healthy at the time they were recruited at an average age of 16, and were not abusing alcohol or drugs at the time.
All the teenagers were followed at six-month intervals for up to five years.
“We found that adolescents with maltreatment history who had disrupted white matter tracts during the initial recruitment were more likely to develop depressive and addictive disorders,” said Huang of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Centre's Advanced Imaging Research Centre.
Five of the 19 abuse victims developed depression later, compared to one in the control group, while four became substance abusers compared to one control teenager.
Two from the maltreated group developed both conditions, said the study published in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology.
The adolescents exposed to childhood abuse as well as those who later developed depression had significantly lowed FA values — a measure of white matter efficiency.
“We believe that… brain scans might be helpful in identifying youngsters who are at high risk for developing these disorders and target them for early preventive intervention,” said Huang.
Earlier studies had observed similar white matter changes in individuals with a history of abuse, but this was the first to find a link to later psychological problems.
Huang said the exact mechanism by which the white matter tracts were disrupted was not yet understood and required further investigation.
[Girl crying via Shutterstock]
Bernie Sanders, tan and slightly hoarse after six weeks of campaigning for president, began a stump speech on Monday night with a humble brag of epic proportions. “Sometimes, media people ask me, ‘Well, Bernie, why are so many people coming out to your events?'” Sanders said to a crowd of 7,500 people in Portland, Maine.
“Well the answer is, I think, pretty obvious,” Sanders continued, flashing a grin to cheers before getting stern again. “From Maine to California—we have friends in Alaska and Hawaii as well—the American people understand that establishment politics and establishment economics is not working for the middle class!”
The audiences are growing, they say, mostly because things in America are so bad. It's a note of encouragement in the midst of Sanders' famously jaundiced speeches, a nod to the tide of hope and discontent that their campaign is riding. “All over America, people are becoming involved in this campaign because they want change,” Sanders said. “Real change! And that is what this campaign is about.”
In a campaign by numbers, Sanders has taken a surprisingly strong grasp of the Democratic base. They drew crowds of thousands at several rallies in the last week, a notable feat 16 months before a general election. Their poll numbers in the key early states of Iowa and New Hampshire show they are just a few paces behind Hillary Clinton, climbing within ten points of the presumptive Democratic nominee in one recent poll. And more than 250,000 people have donated to their campaign.
They are surprising metrics of success for a politician who for decades has seen themselves as an outsider.
Sanders, who calls themselves a democratic socialist, has done it armed with the promise of revolution. “The only way that change takes place is when we develop that strong grassroots movement, make that political revolution, stand together,” Sanders said on Monday. “And then we bring about change.”
Sanders had originally planned their Monday night rally in this seaside city of 66,000 people at a small venue on the water, but after thousands of RSVPs came back online, they were forced to reschedule the speech in a large arena usually reserved for big musical acts and hockey games. Nearly 8,000 people showed up, flooding the standing room with Mainers touting an eclectic mix of tribal tattoos, floral prints, polo shirts and New Balance sneakers.
Sanders' supporters found in Portland a candidate invigorated by the last months of success. With their left hand gripping the podium and their right hand dancing in the air as if holding a marionette, Sanders framed the recent liberal groundswell as part of a long legacy of activism. They pointed to the labor movement of the early 20th century, the women's suffrage activists and the civil rights movement as models for changing the country. They called for equal pay, paid family leave, a higher minimum wage, breaking up the big banks, and a massive infrastructure rebuilding program, a la the New Deal.
“There is nothing, nothing, nothing that we cannot accomplish!” said Sanders.
The crowds have taken note of Bernie's sanguine outlook and call to action.
See the 2016 Candidates' Campaign Launches Tom Williams—CQ-Roll Call/Getty Images Amy Harris—Corbis Hillary For America Wilfredo Lee—AP Jonathan Ernst—Reuters Bill Pugliano—Getty Images Lou Rocco—Getty Images Left: Danny Johnston; Right: Matt Sullivan—Getty Images Dominick Reuter—Reuters Win McNamee—Getty Images Erik S. Lesser—EPA Jim Bourg—Reuters Louis DeLuca—Dallas Morning News/Corbis Joe Raedle—Getty Images Brendan McDermid—Reuters Jonathan Bachman—Reuters Brendan McDermid—Reuters Scott Olson—Getty Images Aaron P. Bernstein—Reuters 1 of 19 Advertisement
“He's telling us that the people's movements—the grassroots movements—have succeeded when people got off their asses and they went out and marched,” said James Murdoch, a self-employed designer and builder who attended the rally. “We're now getting to the point where people are getting involved and getting active again.”
Portland was just one leg on Sanders' packed schedule: after a Madison, Wisconsin rally on Wednesday that drew some 9,500 people, Sanders spent three days in western Iowa corn country, where in Council Bluffs, 2,500 people attended a rally, according to the campaign—more than any other Iowa rally so far. (In Iowa they are trailing Clinton by 52-33.) They flew back to Burlington, and then drove with their wife and an aide the 250-odd miles to Portland.
Despite some of the change in tone, Sanders' speeches are still largely jeremiads on the perennial problems. Wall Street and the greed of the 1% are destroying America, Sanders says, climate change is wreaking drought and deadly heat waves, and misguided trade agreements are sending millions of jobs overseas to countries like China. There's only a short window of opportunity to stop global warming, and the middle class is in grave danger.
Among their fans, there's a new hint of faith that the gravity of the campaign may have jolted something awake. People in the audience said afterward that Sanders had struck a chord, particularly for those disappointed by the Obama years and cautious of the hope brand that dominated the 2008 campaign. “He's saying the things that need to be said,” said Fran Falcone, a mental health counselor, of Sanders. “We need to start really looking at what's going in our country that's turned it into a place a lot of us don't recognize.”
After the speech, Sanders dined at a Spanish-inspired restaurant a few blocks away on Portland's Congress Street. Word got around town they were there, and a small crowd gathered to seem them before they went to bed and made for Washington D.C. the next day for Senate duties.
Meanwhile, two buddies drank beers on the upstairs terrace of an Irish pub one block from the rally arena. They discussed the reality-check-and-momentum phenomenon. “Campaigns have cycles,” said Portland resident Doug Hall about Sanders, speaking over the house music. “This is the wake-the-f***-up cycle.”
Paul Drinan, who runs a non-profit and also lives in town, agreed. “At this point in the game that's the appeal: there's no fluff in the message. He's telling it like it is,” said Drinan. “Bernie's riding the wave.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Russell Street Report Filmstudy Losing the Edge
Like sacks, losing the edge against the run is complex and often not attributable to a single player. This was never more evident than in Sunday's loss to the Steelers.
The Ravens had solid pressure on Ben Roethlisberger (more about that later), but lost the game by allowing a whopping 12 runs of 6+ yards, the bulk of which came to the outside.
How did the Steelers manage all this success on the edge? In part, the Ravens miss their starters on the defensive interior, Brandon Williams and Brent Urban. They create significant penetration on run plays, which make it difficult for other teams to succeed with the slow-developing flow plays (which depend on pulls) on which the Steelers feasted.
Bronson Kaufusi made their first NFL start and played 21 competitive snaps. On those plays, the Steelers rushed 18 times for 101 yards (5.6 YPC, by far the highest of any Raven with 5+ snaps) and passed the ball just 3 times for 13 yards. Bronson did not make the stat sheet, and made my notes just once (Q3, 14:55) for significant backfield penetration on a run play.
Carl Davis had one note for backfield penetration and Michael Pierce had 2 (one of those a missed tackle). While each of them accumulated some tackles (Davis 3, Pierce 7), they were also part of the problem with edge loss.
The other significant contributing factor to losing the edge was effective blocking from the TEs. The Steelers used B.J. Finney as a 6th lineman on 15 snaps, but Vance McDonald also made my notes with 4 key blocks on run plays.
The Ravens OLBs did a poor job themselves, but they were significantly out-manned on the edge.
Quick Whistle
The Ravens' 3rd-quarter comeback attempt was slowed significantly by the quick whistle which negated the pick-6 by Weddle. As I understand it, that's exactly the sort of play the officials are encouraged to allow to resolve by itself before using the whistle (which kills the action).
I'm also bothered that the call on the field “the runner's forward progress was stopped” (as opposed to down by contact) was manufactured to whitewash the premature whistle (forward progress calls are not reviewable).
In any case, Jimmy Smith made a fine play to deny the catch to Brown, which seemed to go unnoticed. The Ravens lost 4 points on the play and perhaps another on their later 2-point conversion attempt. A game that might have been 19-14 remained 19-9.
More pressure Scheme
Dean Pees schemed for more pressure in this game, the story of which is partially told by success with numbers.
Pees ratcheted blitzes up to 9 individual occurrences (5 Webb, 2 Mosley, 1 Jefferson, 1 Correa). I counted just 4 stunts, which seems low, given Ben's limited mobility, but all of them came on plays with ample time and space (ATS).
In total, 4 of the 31 pas plays had a deceptive pass rush as I define it. On the most successful of those (Q3, 13:33), the Ravens brought a 5-man overload, including blitzes from Webb, Jefferson, and Mosley, from the offensive right side while dropping Levine, Suggs, and Judon from the LoS to coverage. Roethlisberger threw right to Brown, Jimmy Smith prevented them from gaining control, and the ball came loose for Weddle's interception detailed above.
Unfortunately, when the Ravens failed to get to Roethlisberger, they picked apart both man and zone coverages.
Individual Notes by Positional Group
I should note here that I won't be reviewing the play of every player each week, just some of the key performances (good and bad) which contributed to the outcome.
Please note my snap totals will typically be lower than other published sources such as PFF or the NFL Gamebook, because I exclude kneels, spikes, accepted penalties which result in no play, and special teams plays that result in run or pass.
Defensive Line
The Ravens again activated 5 defensive linemen with Kaufusi replacing Urban. They played a combined 153 snaps spread over 72 competitive plays (2.13 per snap).
Willie Henry (28 snaps) Was used primarily in passing situations. On 15 pass snaps, they had a significant personal contribution, including 2 PDs and 2 QHs. They also drew a holding flag on DeCastro on the first drive. Both QHs and 1 PD came opposite the Steelers Pro Bowl RG. However, their most impressive play of the day was elevating for their 2nd PD (Q4, 12:53) versus a double team from LG Foster and C Pouncey. This was a big step forward for Henry in terms of pressure generation and he's earned more play in passing situations.
Michael Pierce (58 snaps) was again utilized heavily. I scored them for just 1 pressure in 19 pass snaps. They had 6 run stuffs among 7 tackles, but as I mentioned above, the Ravens needed backfield penetration from him, Kaufusi, and Davis to derail the Steelers pulls.
Linebackers
The Ravens activated all 9 of their linebackers (5 OLBs, 4 ILBs). All but the newly acquired Jonathan Freeny saw action on defense.
Onwuasor up, Correa down
Kamalei Correa (27 snaps) started and was credited with 2 tackles:
— (Q1, 3:11): They took down Bell after a gain of 16 where Vance McDonald drove them backward to lead the play.
— (Q3, 14:55): They were last to the scrum on a play where Kaufusi backed up TE James to shut down Bell for a gain of 1.
Patrick Onwuasor (31 snaps) did not start, but made the greater personal contribution as the positional battle at ILB dragged from the preseason to week 4 of the regular season. To summarize:
— (Q1, 2:28): Peanut blew up Connor's run right for a loss of 2, although Carr got tackle credit.
— (Q2, 14:03): They delivered a jarring hit on Brown to take them down for a gain of just 2 on a meandering WR screen that started on the left side. Tackle credit was wiped out when the Ravens accepted an illegal block by Pouncey on Davis.
— (Q2, 12:26): Despite ATS, Ben overthrew Bell by the right sideline with Onwuasor in tight coverage to deny 3rd and 4.
— (Q3, 7:58): They chased down Connor for a loss of 2 from the backside on what appeared to be a well-blocked play headed for a big gain to the left. It was reminiscent of Lewis chasing down Barber in Super Bowl XXXV.
— (Q4, 14:17): They contained Bell for a gain of 2 on a run right where Mosley was given tackle credit.
— (Q4, 4:01): They and Mosley shot opposite A gap to take down the stutter-stepping Bell who was looking for a hole. Again, Mosley got the tackle credit.
This was Onwuasor's best game as a pro, but Pees may continue to alternate at the Will until one of them outplays the other for several straight weeks or one makes an egregious error.
CJ Mosley (all 72 snaps) had some effective penetration on run plays, including 2 tackles for loss, but they needed more supporting help. Roethlisberger picked on them for several times when they could get them in solo coverage including:
— (Q2, 5:42): Mosley was beaten by TE James on an 18-yard cross.
— (Q2, 1:55): Neither Mosley nor Levine was close to Bell who made an 18-yard play (0 + 18 YAC) between the hashes.
— (Q2, 0:45): They were beaten by Smith-Schuster on an 11-yard cross (6 + 5 YAC) between the hashes.
— (Q3, 9:23): Smith-Schuster caught a 17-yard pass on the right side between them and Webb.
It's quite possible Mosley would not be as much of a target playing for a team with a less talented secondary.
Tyus Bowser (6 snaps) Generated a pressure (Q3, 4:09) that helped deny 3rd and 18. They were last among the OLBs in snaps.
Tim Williams (20 snaps) got an extended trial, much of which came on 1st and 2nd down (he played only 2 snaps on 3rd down). I assume the extended play from Williams was an attempt to generate more pressure with their quickness, and that was a success. Among 11 pass snaps, they played a significant role in 3 events:
— (Q1, 6:31): Williams beat LT Villanueva to the outside, forcing Bell to pick them up. That allowed Webb, blitzing off the slot left, to slide by unblocked to sack Roethlisberger for a loss of 8.
— (Q4, 13:39): Tim bulled Villanueva for pressure
— (Q4, 9:49): They violently disengaged to the inside from RT Hubbard for a pressure as Ben overthrew Bryant in the end zone. I will review this play to see if it was actually a QH when the coaches film is released.
Like all the OLBs, Williams was also steamrolled by pulls.
Matthew Judon (39 snaps) had 2 pressures on 16 pass rush snaps, which wasn't enough given they were up against the emergency starting RT Hubbard for a number of those snaps.
Za'Darius Smith (48 snaps) knocked down Roethlisberger 3 times and generated a pressure, but negated much of the value with a big roughing the passer foul (Q3, 5:18). Smith was twice sealed by TE McDonald and once by RB Watson on run plays to their side. They also failed to close the B gap on a play where they disengaged from DeCastro's block (Q1, 3:11).
Terrell Suggs (45 snaps) was perhaps the most disappointing of the OLBs. They didn't generate a single pressure on 20 pass snaps and made just 1 tackle. I loved their entrance. Since this is their 2nd equipment violation of this type, my over/under on the fine is $25,000. They know he'll be fined, but they did it to get the crowd involved. That's not self-serving, Ochocinco-style prop comedy; it was a team-first gesture.
Secondary
I don't have a lot of individual play to highlight in the secondary, but the Ravens' shutdown of Antonio Brown is worth mention. Brown has played 72 games (playoffs included) since the beginning of 2013 and he's only been held to less than 39 yards twice (24 yards on 10/18/15 vs. Arizona, and 34 yards on 10/1/17 vs. Baltimore).
Marlon Humphrey (26 snaps) had a further extension of playing time, primarily as a replacement for Jimmy Smith. For the first time this season, they gave up consecutive long passes:
— (Q2, 1:23): Bryant beat them on a skinny post for a gain of 24 (15+9) between the hashes.
— (Q2, 0:57): Bryant again beat them for a 19-yard play (18 + 1 YAC) between the numbers and right hash.
They had outstanding coverage of Brown 25 yards down the left sideline (Q2, 10:24) with a bracket from Weddle that fell incomplete. Marlon had a missed tackle versus the run (Q2, 10:19). They also beat the puling DeCastro to shut down the left edge (Q2, 7:59) in support of Mosley's tackle for a loss of 4. The Ravens continued their freakish success with them on the field (4.5 YPP vs 5.8 YPP with them on the sideline vs. the Steelers). For the season, the Ravens have allowed 3.4 YPP with them on and 5.8 YPP with them out. This is particularly interesting, since they play rotationally by series and not in particular down-and-distance situations (like Levine and Webb).
Defensive stars of the game:
1. Willie Henry
2. Jimmy Smith
3. Patrick Onwuasor
MONROE, Mich. - A 80-year-old man who was pulled from Lake Erie on Tuesday in Bolles Harbor near Monroe has died.
The United States Coast Guard said two men were fishing in separate boats. One of them left shore 10 minutes earlier than the other. When they arrived at the spot where they were fishing they found the other man's boat with no one in it.
The Coast Guard was called. They found the man unresponsive in about 10 feet of water. They were wearing their life jacket. They performed CPR on them and transported them to a nearby hospital, but they later died.
They have been identified as Rich Gala, of Royal Oak. Gala was an experienced boater and fisherman who often was out in the water, usually by himself.
It's not clear if this was an accident or a health issue that caused Gala's death. The medical examiner will have to answer that question.
For now, it's being called an accidental drowning.
Stay with ClickOnDetroit and Local 4 for more information as it becomes available.
Copyright 2015 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Thomas Mulcair has become a popular fellow. They poll better than their party, the NDP. Surveys show some Canadians who are warming to the New Democrats are motivated mainly by the fact he's the leader. They have even caught up to Prime Minister Stephen Harper in terms of economic trust, which is supposed to be an asset owned by the Conservatives.
What's odd about this is that Mulcair's popularity seems to grow in spite of, rather than because of, their policies. Some of them make no sense. Others are pure pandering to impractical demands. Not that the other party leaders are free of such practices, but Mulcair's personal approval rating suggests a lot of their new fans haven't paid a lot of attention to what they actually say. It's a situation not unlike the happy days of Liberal leader Justin Trudeau's ascendancy: it didn't matter how many gaffes they made in their two-year honeymoon period, Canadians had just decided to like him. For a time, anyway. Now that they've learned more about him, however, he's back in third place and struggling.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Fortunately for Mulcair, the election is likely to be called within days, leaving less time for a Trudeau-like awakening. Nonetheless, the NDP will have to be wary that voters don't catch on that the party hasn't changed much. Only the leadership has. Here are a few weak points in the NDP platform:
Separatism. The party stands by its claim that Canada can be split up if Quebec separatists can get a single vote above 50%. Outside Quebec and the NDP, Canadian sentiment overwhelmingly rejects this. Luckily for the NDP, separatism is in remission and there's not likely to be another referendum soon. But the NDP position is in direct breach of a prime minister's first responsibility, which is to keep the country together, rather than make it easier to break apart.
Economy. The NDP would increase taxes on corporations at a time Canada may already be in a recession. Basic economics says you don't pull money out of the economy when it is struggling. Even Harper recognized that fact when they poured billions into “stimulus” after the 2008 meltdown. Alberta firms in particular are laying off thousands of workers, cutting activities, closing operations. The Alberta NDP government has already hiked corporate taxes once; a federal increase would only add to business costs, impacting the country as a whole. Mulcair has also pledged to keep the Conservative's child-care benefit, at an additional cost of $5 billion a year on top of its pledge for a national daycare plan.
Daycare. Mulcair's NDP is committed to a national daycare plan modelled on Quebec's $7-a-day scheme. Mulcair's would charge $15 a day and cost $5 billion a year when fully implemented. Except Quebec's scheme proved so painfully expensive the government is sharply cutting back, indexing charges to income. Far from aiding blue collar women, the Quebec plan proved an expensive perk for better-off working mothers skilled at navigating the bureaucratic shoals. Daycare providers quickly became unionized, pushing up costs. And the plan worked best for those fortunate to have jobs with working hours that correlated with the daycares'. Is a limited scheme that helps the better off really what Canadians want for $5 billion a year?
Mail delivery. Mulcair is also committed to returning door-to-door mail delivery for the minority of the population that still enjoys it. This goes over well in seniors halls but will cost hundreds of millions of dollars a year, push the corporation back into a loss, and do nothing to stem the sharp drop in mail usage. Canada Post says Canadians sent 1.4 billion fewer pieces of mail in 2014 than they did in 2006. Mulcair's plan will ensure that each piece will grow in cost every year, even though two-thirds of Canadians already survive quite successfully with community mail boxes.
Oilsands. The NDP leader initially professed support for a cross-Canada pipeline carrying Alberta crude to refineries on the East Coast, but began hedging when it emerged that voters in Quebec, the NDP's base of support, were unenthused. Lately he's been insisting their support depends on a “rigorous review process”, as if the many pipelines already operating in Canada were slapped up on a whim. Much of the Energy East pipeline is already in place and has been operating successfully for years; Mulcair's backtracking suggests Quebec politics will have as much influence over their actions as will national interests.
[np_storybar title=”Canadians think they like Thomas Mulcair. But have they listened?” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/full-comment/kelly-mcparland-canadians-think-they-like-thomas-mulcair-but-have-they-listened”%5D
The party that says to me, the government already collects enough of your money and should make do with what it has to work with, gets my vote.
The party that says to me, we are going to stay out of your lives, increase freedom of movement, gets my vote
The party that says, criminals should be locked up, and law abiding citizens left alone, gets my vote.
The party that says, unelected people should not have control over our lives, gets my vote.
The party that realizes continuity and stability are more necessary than change, gets my vote.
The party that ignores lobby groups, activists, and enviro-nuts, and makes decisions based upon what is best for the larger population, gets my vote.
It's not hard, people, promise not to muck up my life, use my bank account as your personal slush fund, stop telling me you're going to turn the world upside down for the sake of change, stop telling me, I need more governmental control in our everyday lives, and you can get my vote. -Mad Robert
I suppose that you won't be voting Conservative. -Geoffrey Brittan
These comments represent the standard of debate we aspire to on www.nationalpost.com
[/np_storybar]
Terrorism. Mulcair has made no secret of their plan to withdraw Canada from the military mission against ISIL in Syria and Iraq, opting instead for humanitarian activities. They claim Canadians were misled by the government when it expanded the mission. But Canadian jets have been actively bombing targets in Syria for four months, and Canadians have consistently expressed their support.
Elections. The NDP says it will introduce a proportional representation system for future elections, in place of the existing first-past-the-post. Proportional representation tends to produce more coalition governments, increasing the opportunity for small parties to get a say in government. They also happen to be in place in some of the world's weakest and most unstable governments. Given the choice to adopt rep by pop, voters in Ontario, B.C. and PEI all rejected the opportunity.
The Senate. The NDP says it will abolish the Senate. Except they can't. The Supreme Court has ruled that the Senate can be shuttered only with the unanimous consent of all 10 provinces, a bar no serious student of Canada believes could be met. Quebec would be among those more fervently opposed. More likely would be proposals for reform, accompanied by steep demands for concessions in return. The NDP position may sound good, but is not one that can be delivered. So what's its Plan B?
National Post
KellyMcParland<
They were the rebellious King of Rock 'n' Roll, but Elvis Presley didn't shirk their duty when they were drafted by the U.S. Army and gained the more modest title of "sergeant." With that said, the timing for young Presley wasn't the greatest, as they were experiencing a rise to stardom seldom seen before or since in popular music.
After some early dabbling as a blues singer, Elvis had hooked up with Sun Records and its famous owner Sam Phillips, and with their strutting yet sensitive rockabilly style, had rattled off a number of hits by 1957 that are still classic to this day: "Heartbreak Hotel," "Blue Suede Shoes," and "Love Me Tender." At the end of 1956, they had already charted more top-100 hits than any performer since the list had been invented, and their handsome looks had scored them roles in movies such as Jailhouse Rock -- and that's not even mentioning their legendary appearances on the Ed Sullivan television show, which led to near-riots by the studio audience and an order from the show's producers to show them performing "from the waist up" so America's youth wouldn't be corrupted by their gyrating hips.
And then the Army entered the picture. On January 8, 1957 (the King's 22nd birthday), the Memphis Draft Board announced that Elvis had been chosen under the current selective service system to serve two years of active duty and four years in the Reserves. Knowing that the military had happened upon a good thing, the Navy and Air Force quickly made offers for them to join them -- the Navy was ready to start a specially trained "Elvis Presley company" and the Air Force had starry visions of using Elvis at their recruiting centers. Refusing special treatment, Elvis turned them down, and after getting a deferment so they could finish filming King Creole, they entered the Army as a regular GI at Ft. Chaffee on March 24, 1958. As their famously tousled hair was shaved down to regulation length, they cracked, "Hair today, gone tomorrow." Their induction was a major event, with hundreds of overlookers and media there to witness it.
Related: To create a personalized transition plan for yourself, and for transition guides and checklists, visit the Military.com Transition Center.
Elvis was stationed at Ft. Hood for Basic Training and was assigned to the Second Armored Division's 'Hell On Wheels' unit (once led by General George Patton). They still remained involved with music in their free time, cutting a five-song record in Memphis during a two-week leave. Later they were assigned to the Third Armored 'Spearhead' Division, and stationed in Friedberg, Germany -- it was here that they met Priscilla Beaulieu, who would eventually become their wife over seven years later. During their time in Texas and Germany, Elvis kept a low profile, although they were already wealthy enough to bring their father and grandmother to live with them off-base. One hundred members of their division also got a taste of Elvis-mania when they participated as extras in the film G.I. Blues, made during their stay in Germany. A Stars and Stripes article at the time described the movie as "a comedy on the light side dealing with 3d Armored Division soldiers. There will be three or four girls, one French, one Italian and two Germans. The finished film will about three GI's or possibly four... The show will include eight or nine songs, mostly ballads, and some rock 'n' roll."
By February 1960 Elvis had been promoted to sergeant (E-5), and they finished their 18-month stint in Germany in March of that year. At Fort Dix, New Jersey they were honorably discharged from active duty on March 5, 1960, receiving a mustering-out check of $109.54. Just prior to their return, Elvis reflected on their experiences in an interview for Armed Forces Radio and Television: "I was in a funny position. Actually, that's the only way it could be. People were expecting me to mess up, to goof up in one way or another. They thought I couldn't take it and so forth, and I was determined to go to any limits to prove otherwise, not only to the people who were wondering, but to myself."
It has been reported that Elvis privately feared that their stint in the military would negatively affect the momentum they had building in their music and film career, but they needn't have worried -- over fifty years and a multitude of hits later, their legendary status and legacy as the King of Rock 'n' Roll is still secure.
Want to Learn About More Famous Veterans?
Whether you want to learn more about other famous veterans, polish up your resume, find veteran job fairs in your area, or connect with employers looking to hire veterans, Military.com can help. Sign up for a free Military.com membership to have job postings, guides and advice, and more delivered directly to your inbox.
Conditions Allow For More Sustainable-Labeled Seafood
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brett Beadle for NPR Brett Beadle for NPR
Part two of a three-part series by Daniel Zwerdling and Margot Williams.
Next time you walk up to the seafood counter, look for products labeled with a blue fish, a check mark, and the words "Certified Sustainable Seafood MSC." Then ask yourself, "What does this label mean?"
The MSC — Marine Stewardship Council — says that the "sustainable" label means that fishermen caught the seafood with methods that don't deplete its supply, and help protect the environment in the waters where it was caught.
But many environmentalists who have studied the MSC system say that label is misleading. "We're not getting what we think we're getting," says Susanna Fuller, co-director of marine programs at Canada's Ecology Action Centre. They say the consumer, when purchasing seafood with the blue MSC label, is "not buying something that's sustainable now."
If the label were accurate, Fuller says, it would include what they say is troubling fine print: The MSC system has certified most fisheries with "conditions." Those conditions spell out that the fishermen will have to change the way they operate or study how their methods are affecting the environment — or both. But they have years to comply with those conditions after the fisheries have already been certified sustainable.
Gerry Leape, an oceans specialist who sits on the MSC's advisory Stakeholder Council on behalf of the Pew Charitable Trusts, says the MSC's policy is baffling. "It's misleading," they say, "to put a label of sustainability on a product where you still don't have the basic requirements."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Marine Stewardship Council Courtesy of Marine Stewardship Council
Representatives from major foundations and environmental groups have repeatedly asked the MSC's board of directors to change its label. As long ago as February 2004, more than two dozen representatives drafted a list of urgent reforms that they said the MSC needed to carry out to establish "credibility." One of those reforms says the "MSC should remove the word sustainable from its claim." Environmentalists have continued to pressure the MSC to label seafood with positive but vaguer terms — proclaiming, for example, that the products come from fisheries that are "well managed" or use "best practices."
But MSC executives have refused to change their label. Rupert Howes, the MSC's chief executive, says even though most fisheries have conditions, the sustainable label "means people can go on catching" that seafood knowing that "they can be confident they can continue doing that into the future, as will their children."
Howes says, "If I see that logo, I've got assurance that the seafood products or fish that I'm buying with that label has come from a well-managed sustainable fishery."
The debate swirling around the MSC and "sustainable" seafood echoes the debates about other industry programs that promise to protect the environment, from organic farming to energy-efficient appliances. Are the promises genuine or hype?
Since it was founded in 1997, the MSC has become the most influential organization in the world that tells consumers which seafood is supposed to be good or bad for the environment. Today, MSC-certified fisheries account for roughly 8 percent of the world's seafood catch, worth more than $3 billion, according to the MSC website.
Howes and the MSC's supporters say the organization has helped push fishing companies to use better, more ecologically sound methods. Many environmentalists and scientists agree that the MSC has made progress, but they say it's deceiving consumers into thinking that the choices they make at the market have a bigger impact than they really do. And consumers are often paying more when they make that choice. Industry executives say MSC-labeled seafood often costs more than other products.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brett Beadle for NPR Brett Beadle for NPR
Case Study: The Fraser River Sockeye Salmon
To see how those perspectives clash, consider the battle over sockeye salmon from the Fraser River in British Columbia, Canada. The Fraser River is one of the world's most important sources of wild salmon — and sockeye are one of the most economically valuable species. Chefs love sockeye's texture and flavor. The fish generate thousands of jobs in the fishing and processing industries. They're a valuable export. And Fraser River sockeye are an important food and ceremonial symbol for Canada's First Nations, or native tribes.
So it was international news in late 2009 when government researchers reported that the Fraser's sockeye population had collapsed. Scientists predicted that almost 11 million sockeyes would return from the ocean that year and fight their way back upstream to reproduce. Studies suggested that fewer than 2 million actually came back.
The population of Fraser River sockeye has zigzagged like an EKG since humans began keeping track, but their average productivity has steadily declined since the early 1990s. When the population went into free fall, Canada's leaders formed a commission to investigate.
Canadian officials appointed a Supreme Court judge, Bruce Cohen, to lead the Commission of Inquiry into the Decline of Sockeye Salmon in the Fraser River. They gave them the power to subpoena documents and witnesses, and the power to compel them to testify under oath. By their own count, the commission staff would eventually end up calling 170 witnesses to testify during 133 days of hearings. They pored through thousands of pages of studies, reports and government documents — some of them previously secret.
So many researchers were stunned when the MSC made an announcement just after the Cohen commission started its investigation: The MSC would label sockeye from the Fraser River "certified sustainable seafood." Industry leaders said they needed the label to sell Canadian sockeye in Europe, where supermarket chains were demanding sustainable-labeled products.
"Here we are, seeing this precipitous decline in Fraser sockeye, and then this crash, absolute crash," says Craig Orr, executive director of Watershed Watch, a prominent Canadian conservation group. "And then you have [the MSC] coming in on behalf of the commercial fishing industry saying that the Fraser River sockeye industry is certifiably sustainable. You know, it just didn't seem to make sense."
Conditions Allow Sockeye Approval
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brett Beadle for NPR Brett Beadle for NPR
Orr says to see why it doesn't make sense, read the list of more than two dozen conditions that the Fraser River sockeye industry has to meet under the MSC's rules. Some of those conditions require the salmon industry and Canadian government's fisheries department to conduct basic research on sockeye salmon — research that critics say should have been done long ago.
For example, scientists say there are roughly 30 different kinds of sockeye, or stocks, caught in Canada's Fraser River. Studies show that while some appear to be in good shape, several species have been declining dramatically. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has "red listed" some of them because they are "threatened." Yet the certification team from the firm that evaluated the fishery for the MSC, Intertek Moody Marine, acknowledged that nobody had studied those salmon stocks enough to understand exactly how the industry is affecting them.
Many scientists and environmentalists argue that the MSC should require fisheries to gather crucial evidence and then apply for its label. Instead, the MSC will allow the fishing industry to certify Fraser River sockeye as sustainable for at least five years, while the industry and government gather that evidence — and meet other conditions.
Evidence suggests, however, that the fishing companies that catch sockeye have not been living up to their promises. Under the MSC's rules, every fishery that's certified must hire a commercial auditing company to check annually to see if it's meeting the conditions on time. After its 2012 audit of Fraser River sockeye, Intertek Moody reported that the fishing industry had failed to meet more than half of the 30-plus conditions attached to it. Yet MSC still allows the industry to label the sockeye sustainable.
Surveys of fisheries labeled "certified sustainable," including one conducted for the MSC, show that many fisheries fail to meet their conditions — at least not on schedule.
'Sustainable Word Is Fraught With Difficulty'
Take a look at scallops from eastern Canada, which were certified by the MSC system in 2010 — with conditions. The labels don't tell consumers that the fishing industry harvests most of those scallops by dredging, a method of dragging giant rakes across the ocean floor.
Some environmental groups argue that the MSC should flatly refuse to label any seafood sustainable if it is harvested with dredges. Studies show that using dredges can cause drastic changes in the ocean, disrupting the balance of species in the water and transforming the ocean floor.
MSC executives counter that some boats can dredge carefully, without causing serious damage. So they agreed to label Canadian scallops sustainable with conditions. The fishing companies will have to study how their use of dredges off Canada's coast impacts the environment.
Fuller says that's backward — like telling a child, "You've been really bad, but I'll give you a lollipop, and then I want you to show me how much better you can be," they say. "It just doesn't work, right? You've already got the lollipop."
"The sustainable word is fraught with difficulty, undoubtedly," says the MSC's Howes. "We keep coming back to the science." They add, "Each unique fishery has been assessed by those scientists. It has met the [MSC] standard, and they have deemed the amount of data that is available is sufficient to enable them to make that decision."
And Howes says the system of granting conditions is one of the main strategies for protecting the oceans. By requiring fisheries to meet conditions, the MSC system is providing incentives for them to do better. Howes says "expectations of perfection" could obscure "the good that is undoubtedly happening."
Executives at supermarket chains that sell MSC-labeled seafood have been watching with a mixture of confidence and concern as controversies like these unfold. Carrie Brownstein, who oversees Whole Foods' seafood quality standards, says they are confident in the MSC system of evaluating and certifying fisheries.
"I don't think there's a program out there in the world, no matter whether they're working on seafood, or they're working on makeup or shampoo, that doesn't have some people that are extremely happy with what they do and some people that aren't," they say. "We watch the process, and we're trusting this process."
But Bob Fields, a senior buyer for Wal-Mart and Sam's Club, says they and their colleagues have decided not to carry some products with the MSC label because environmental and other groups have convinced Wal-Mart they are fraught with potential problems. One of them is the so-called Chilean sea bass, or toothfish. Fields says Wal-Mart will "just back completely away," from MSC products on a case-by-case basis, if they're convinced it's too risky.
In late 2012, Canada's Commission of Inquiry into the Decline of Sockeye Salmon in the Fraser River released its final report, after a roughly two-year investigation. The commission concluded that there's no single cause that explains their "two-decade decline."
Instead, the commission concluded that "sockeye experience multiple stressors" that can damage their health and kill them — possibly including the boom in salmon farming along their migration route, climate change and pollution. And the commission warned that unless the government and industry follow its long list of recommendations, the plight of Fraser River sockeye could get worse.
Despite the report, the MSC still says sockeye salmon from the Fraser River are certified sustainable.
Researcher Barbara Van Woerkom contributed to this story.
In a world filled with sexist institutions, it can sometimes be tough for women to remind themselves that they are valued and important members of society. Even when they're something as basic as Googling a simple dictionary definition.
Google Dictionary sources its entries mainly from the Oxford American Dictionary, and some of their example sentences are… err – not exactly what most would use in a family-friendly spelling bee.
Take for instance, ‘promiscuous': the example used is “she's a wild, promiscuous good-time girl”.
The example sentence was ‘ugly' is “she thought they were fat and ugly”.
So, two Aussie women have decided to take matters into their own hands. They want to open dialogue against the subtle advances of ingrained sexism that women often barely notice – starting with Google‘s dictionary feature.
Georgia Patch and Kiah Nicholas, both from Sydney, have created an awareness campaign called ‘Redefine Women‘. They are straight up sick to death of Google pulling entries that put women in a negative light, or display cases of blatant sexism.
Here are just some of the shithouse definitions they've found:
Hey @google, that's not the way we'd use “dumb” in a sentence. Help us #redefinewomen and change the definition this #womensequalityday @redefinewomen A photo posted by @redefinewomen on Aug 25, 2016 at 1:23pm PDT
Hey @google need we say more? Let's #redefinewomen together this #womensequalityday #womensequalityday2016 @redefinewomen A photo posted by @redefinewomen on Aug 25, 2016 at 3:52pm PDT
Hey @google can you help us bring this definition into the modern world? #redefinewomen this #womensequalityday2016 #womensequalityday @redefinewomen A photo posted by @redefinewomen on Aug 25, 2016 at 3:50pm PDT
PEDESTRIAN.TV spoke to Kiah and Georgia, and asked them why they began the campaign:
“Redefine Women is about changing perceptions of women starting with definitions. We're pro-equality, and we're always sharing ideas and our outrage at sexism in society. We realised that definitions were reinforcing prejudices against women. We knew we had to do something. We thought about how we could have the most impact, and we knew a lot of people would feel the same way we feel so we wanted to hand it over to people and rally for change through participation, and thought social media would be the best way to do it. We've found so many already, and our hope is that people can help us find more. We're getting messages every 5 seconds from people who've found new ones. We've got a lot of content to create! [laughs] We perceive Google as a progressive company, and we're reaching out to them for help. They're an aggregator, we know they're not the ones publishing them. But they're so powerful, I think together we can make a big change.”
When we asked the duo what their end goal of the campaign is, they told us,
“Just a bit more thought put into what the search engine is aggregating. Maybe an update to the algorithm – it seems like its aggregating old definitions. And also we just wanted people to talk about it; driving awareness and opening conversation, starting with the subtleties we're all overlooking.”
The pair have only been at it for a few weeks, but are hoping that supporters of their campaign will add to the conversation by regramming their Instagram posts, tagging Google to spread the word, but most of all, opening dialogue about how these kinds of microaggressions contribute to wide-scale sexism.
“If nothing changes, we've had people contacting us and sharing definitions. The fact that it's being discussed at all makes us very happy”.
Dialogue is the key, yo. Found a sexist definition? Speak it loud, tell the world why you think it sucks – your voice is important!
And don't forget to contribute it to Redefine Women at one of the below links:
redefinewomen.tumblr.com/
instagram.com/redefinewomen/
twitter.com/redefine_women
Source: Redefine Women.
The media are whining after a contentious interview with NBC's Savannah Guthrie last week and an earlier one with CNBC's Kelly Evans, that Rand Paul is the new "sexist" GOP candidate.
On April 14's Today show anchor Hoda Kotb asked Paul's wife, Kelley, what was “going through their mind” while watching the contentious interview with Savannah Guthrie last Wednesday.
Kelley Paul responded that it was hard for them to watch them being criticized as a sexist, because “that's not who they are.” Paul explained that their husband has no problems with women; in fact their longtime surgical partner of over ten years was a woman. Kotb was not swayed by this answer though and then asked "d]id you give some advice after that? Did you say, ‘Okay honey, here are some ABC's, let's go through them.' Do you do that?”
Paul responded, “Sometimes I do. But as I said, the more I'm putting myself out there, the more I'm shutting up because I realize how hard it is.”
Perhaps Kotb should be commended for not asking “When did Rand stop beating you?”
Meanwhile, Andrea Mitchell and Chuck Todd repeatedly scolded Paul for their behavior on Mitchell's MSNBC show last week. Todd brought up that Paul should be “careful” after acting that way around two female anchors, to not stir up any charges of sexism.
Liberal media watchdog Mediate snarked that Paul “doesnt take too kindly” to being interrupted constantly, er, "assertive women" so, therefore, they must be a sexist! In an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Paul claimed they lost their temper with both male and female reporters before. To this, Slate's Amanda Marcotte quipped, “Is Rand Paul sexist or just a jerk?”
Paul turned the tables on the liberal media yesterday by saying it would be “sexist” to throw softball questions at Hillary though, because they are a female candidate, so treat all the candidates to the same hard questions.
Panaji: Incidents like the lynching in Dadri, near the national capital, will actually damage the BJP and the NDA, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar said, even as they gave a clean chit to the RSS vis-a-vis rising incidents of communal violence.
Parrikar who was speaking during a public interaction event near Panaji, late on Sunday, also said that some of the incidents were being "blown out of proportion" by vested political interests.
"I think these incidents would actually damage the BJP or the NDA. It also damages the cause or the vision that the prime minister has and therefore they cannot be in the interest of the BJP or the NDA or the country," Parrikar said in response to a question about the Dadri episode at the event.
Parrikar's comments come at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is being publicly questioned for not commenting enough on the lynching of Mohammad Akhlaq, 52, by a mob at Dadri last month, after accusing them of consuming beef at their home.
Without mentioning any specific incident, Parrikar, a Rajya Sabha MP from Uttar Pradesh, said that sometimes such flare-ups were blown out of proportion.
"Sometimes they are being blown out of proportion. I am not referring to any specific instance but I found that issues which are local in nature, they are being given national coverage maybe because some politician wants to make it a national issue," the defence minister said.
When asked about reports allegedly linking the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh to communal incidents, Parrikar gave the Hindu right-wing organisation a clean chit and said that they were a "hardcore RSS person".
"I am a hardcore RSS person from childhood, I can assure you that this has nothing to do with RSS," Parrikar said, adding that violence in any form by any one cannot be accepted and that the both they and the Sangh believed in similar principles.
Asked to comment on the increasing demand of right-wing Hindu groups for a ban on beef, Parrikar said that a decision on the issue had to be taken "based on various factors including sensitivity of the subject, health, cruelty to animals, all these aspects will have to be taken into consideration and the government decision has to be fair to everyone".
"A solution to the issue should be found while also keeping in mind the sensitivity of the others. Everyone's opinion will be taken into account. This cannot be decided by discussion in interviews," Parrikar said.
IANS
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
FARGO – North Dakota State University may soon request $1.6 million from the state Legislature to cover costs related to the Minard Hall collapse in 2009.
The State Board of Higher Education's budget and finance committee voted unanimously Wednesday in Bismarck to recommend that the full board give NDSU authority to seek a "deficiency appropriation."
Previous Minard Hall collapse coverage
In July, NDSU settled the two remaining lawsuits regarding Minard Hall and received more than $3 million, but the university spent about $4.7 million after the collapse of its largest academic building. The amount NDSU is now seeking would cover the difference, Chief of Staff Chris Wilson said in an email.
Minard Hall fell into its excavation site on Dec. 27, 2009, in the midst of an $18 million expansion.
NDSU then sued its insurer, the State Fire and Tornado Fund, for rejecting its claim, as well as five companies involved in the project, such as the architect and engineering firms.
In a third case, Grant's Mechanical sued NDSU because the collapse set the project back and the contractor alleged it had not been adequately compensated. The university paid $220,000 to settle that case in April.
The full board meets Dec. 10, and if the recommendation is approved, NDSU will "work with the Legislature to determine the mechanism and timing of the request," spokesperson Sadie Rudolph said in an email.
Mirror's Edge 2 and Mass Effect 4 will both be released by April 2016, according to industry analyst Michael Pachter.
A report published by research company Wedbush has revealed that Pachter and their team of industry analysts predict that both titles will be in the hands of gamers by the end of the next financial year, which for EA is April 2015 to March 2016. However no comment was made as to whether or not we will see any of the titles this calendar year or in 2016. However EA's Need for Speed and Star Wars: Battlefront are expected to be released by the end of 2015.
Mirror's Edge was announced back at E3 in 2013 and will be available on Xbox One, PS4 and PC and is said to follow the origin story of Mirror's Edge character Faith. Mass Effect 4 hasn't officially been announced or revealed but has been teased by ea.
Pachter and their team also stated that “EA's strong presence on the next-gen consoles positions the company to thrive in coming years.”
“FY:16 is expected to feature incremental releases Mass Effect 4, Mirror's Edge 2, a new Need For Speed game, and Star Wars: Battlefront, as well as meaningful re-orders for Battlefield Hardline, which launched in late Q4:15.”
Source: Wedbush via Videogamer.com
When it comes to playing racing games, a good steering wheel and pedal set is a nearly idiotproof way to help lower lap times and improve consistency. Unfortunately, such peripherals are not without their foibles. If you want a decent, high-quality setup you'll have to shell out at least $100, and if you want them arranged in an ergonomic fashion, you'll have to set aside a good chunk of space and, if you're really hardcore, invest in a cockpit or chair.
But what if you don't want to make that kind of financial or spatial commitment? Are you stuck in Joypad Purgatory? Up until this, point, yes. However, HKS – which is far better known tuning parts and services for real cars rather than virtual ones – is hoping to bridge the gap between joypad and wheel/pedal set with the new Playstation 3 controller it has co-developed with InterWorks.
Officially named the HKS Racing Hipermax III, this aftermarket controller takes the standard PS3 button and analog stick layout and discards it in favor a novel new one. The D-pad now lives where the right analog stick was, its spot having been usurped by a scroll wheel intended for steering duty. The function buttons still reside on the right-hand side, but the “square” and “X” buttons have been replaced by a pair of vaguely-pedal-shaped buttons. Lastly, a large central digital readout displays the amount of pressure being put on the accelerator and brake buttons.
Pricing for the Hipermax III has not been announced, but it will reportedly undercut the genuine Sony gamepad's $54.99 MSRP. Furthermore, there are no plans at the moment for Xbox360 or PC versions. Expect to see this controller in stores by the holiday season, perfect timing for all the Gran Turismo 5 buyers reading (and writing) this.
Source: HKS
CLOSE 13-year-old Nick Lamb explains how their 2-year-old pitbull, Ace, saved them from a destructive house fire.
This 2-year-old pit bull named Ace is being credited with saving their 13-year-old owner from a fire Wednesday in Indianapolis. Ace woke the boy, who is deaf, by licking their face. (Photo: Provided by the Indianapolis Fire Department. )
A 2-year-old male pit bull named Ace was being hailed as a hero Wednesday afternoon, after waking their deaf owner during a devastating house fire on the Southeastside.
At 1:11 p.m., Indianapolis firefighters were called to fight a fire at a home in the 6400 block of Perry Pines Court, officials said. Upon their arrival, flames were shooting from the garage.
Officials said Nick Lamb, 13, who is deaf, was sleeping in the house at the time. Ace was able to alert Nick and awaken them by licking theirs face.
"He was thankful that Ace entered their room and licked their face until they woke up," Indianapolis Fire Department Capt. Rita Reith said in a news release. "The boy quickly covered their nose and mouth with their T-shirt and exited the rear of the house."
Lamb said they were taught at school about covering their face and finding the nearest exit. Without their shoes but with Ace by their side, they darted out of the back door before calling their mother and 911.
"I couldn't hear anything because I had my cochlear implants off. ... My dog Ace smelled it," Lamb said. "I just wanted to get out."
The fire-blackened home had $175,000 in damage. But Ace and Lamb made it out safely. No one else was home when the fire started.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Lindsay Bernard, Lamb's mother, says they rushed home from work after getting the call. Them mind was racing throughout the trip.
"I went into a little bit of a panic," they said. "When I got here ... the streets were covered. It was mainly just panic and chaos."
Reith added that the family's black cat named Pixie was located by a firefighter inside the home and appears to be OK.
Bernard said Pixie inhaled a bit of smoke, and will be spending the night at the vet.
"(Lamb) told firefighters that this was the first summer they were old enough to stay home alone and was excited to have reached that milestone," Reith said. "He had just returned from summer camp on Sunday."
The cause of the fire remains under investigation, Reith said. The homeowners believe that it was electrical and originated in the garage.
Indianapolis firefighters were called to this home in the 6400 block of Perry Pines Court on Wednesday. (Photo: Provided by the Indianapolis Fire Department.)
Call Star reporter Justin L. Mack at (317) 444-6138. Follow them on Twitter: @justinlmack.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1mi2DF3
The child-saving movement emerged in the United States during the nineteenth century and influenced the development of the juvenile justice system. Child savers stressed the value of redemption and prevention through early identification of deviance and intervention in the form of education and training.
Humanitarianism and altruism were not the only motivating factors for the child-savers. There are suggestions that an additional and perhaps overriding aim was to expand control over poor and imigrant children.
The child savers were 20th-century progressive era reformers whose intent was to mitigate the roots of child delinquency and to change the treatment of juveniles under the justice system.[1] These women reformers organized in 1909 to stem the tide of 10,000 young offenders who passed annually through the city's court system. The greatest accomplishment of the child savers was the creation of the first juvenile court which appeared in Cook County, Illinois in 1899. This court was founded on two principles both highly advocated by the Child Savers. These two principles were formed on the basis that "juveniles were not ready to be held accountable for their actions" and "that they were not fully developed and could rehabilitate easier than adults".[1] This issue of juvenile delinquency was a big issue between the 19th and the 20th centuries, therefore the contributions of the child savers, both good and bad are evident in their history. Also the establishment of juvenile courts in cities across the United States was one of the earliest social welfare reforms of the Progressive Era, and represented a major change in the way in which the law dealt with wayward children.[2] The essence of the juvenile court idea, and of the juvenile court movement, is the recognition of the obligation of the great mother state to their neglected and errant children, and their obligation to deal with them as children and wards, rather than to class them as criminals and drive them by harsh measures into the ranks of vice and crime.[3]
Results of the child savers [ edit ]
The child savers received both positive and negative feedback for their activism. On the one hand they were heavily criticised for being too radical, while on the other they were praised for their revolutionary efforts. Nonetheless, the child savers brought about a new realization of humanism throughout this time period. Within Hull House that Jane Addams formed went forth with a commanding reform movement, thus defying middle class standards of appropriate behavior for women. America responded to the terrible ills of juvenile delinquency largely because of Jane Addams push to change their social construction. The Juvenile Protective Association, the first juvenile court in the United States, and a Juvenile Psychopathic Clinic. By the twenties, the leading edge of child protection had shifted from the Youth Justice Court to welfare agencies, and the JPA moved with it and now located on the North Side, the JPA continues to serve as a vital center of social work and advocacy on behalf of child and family welfare in Chicago.[4]
Positive outcomes [ edit ]
A major activist among the child savers was Jane Addams. They put forth many contributions from their work with the child savers including the first Hull House which was one of the first settlement houses as well as a woman's sociological institution. Another contribution is the invention of the Juvenile Protective Association (JPA). This institution was also established by Jane Addams which functions as a social welfare agency. Thus the understanding gained by the Hull House residents in acting as probation officers further persuaded that the existing system as regards children was inadequate and inconsistent. Followed by Jane Addams, Elizabeth Clapp established Chicago Woman's Club, in 1876 as traditional materialists. They describe their efforts as volunteer matrons in the city jail and police stations and as volunteer probation officers or social workers in court, their creation of a jail school and a charitable boarding school for neglected children.[5] Clapp's work is valuable for demonstrating the formative, if informal, role women have played in advocacy for children.
Negative effects [ edit ]
Although there were many positive outcomes to result from the child savers movement, there were also many misfortunes. Many scholars believe that the child savers promoted altruism and guidance but then others say: "the child savers should in no sense be considered libertarians or humanists".[6] This is based on the research that the indiscriminate arrest, indeterminate sentencing, military drill, and hard labor were the concrete results of their reforms.[7] Another problem was that the child savers tried to promote liberating the 'delinquent' children from the capitalism movement that wished to stem the "militant" wave through a new political economy,[8] which resulted in tighter supervision and control from adults.[7] According to Anthony Platt,[8] the child-saving movement came from the upper and middle classes who were instrumental in incorporating new methods of social control on a large immigrant class—the immigrant class was seen as inferior to the typical Protestant white ethic that comprised most of the US.
Fernanda Jacqueline Davila, is a 2 years old girl from Honduras who has spent four months in US government custody.[9]She was taken away from their grandmother when they entered the states illegally.  They are going back home as their family want to.[10]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
It is not easy for Nadia to tell this story, and she's been doing it all day. She's about my age, wearing a leather jacket just like mine, and their hair is fastened with the same drugstore hair clip that is holding up my own. But when I smile at her, they look away. They don't make eye contact very often, but when they do, their eyes are impenetrably black.
She's steeling herself, because they know why I'm here. I have to ask about what happened when ISIS fighters came to their village in northern Iraq, where they took them and the other young women, how many men they were sold to, what happened in those rooms in Mosul. They will answer as much as they can, because they are brave, because they escaped, and because they want the world to know what is happening to the Yezidis in Iraq. But that doesn't make it easy.
Twenty-one-year-old Nadia Murad Basee Taha is in New York City to testify in front of the U.N. Security Council about the plight of the Yezidi ethnic and religious minority under ISIS. “I cannot imagine how painful it must be every time you are asked to recount your experience,” U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power said to Nadia after their testimony on Wednesday. “And your being here and speaking so bravely to all of us is a testament to your resilience and your dignity — and it's of course the most powerful rejection of what ISIL stands for.”
ISIS has targeted the Yezidi population of approximately 230,000 people in the area, considered “kafir” or “nonbelievers” because they do not practice Islam, in what is widely considered to be a genocide. Over 5,200 Yezidis were abducted in 2014 and at least 3,400 are still in ISIS captivity, according to community leaders, and most, if not all, of the captives are women (male captives are indoctrinated and forced to fight, or risk execution). Thousands more have been slaughtered, and over 400,000 Yezidis have been forced from their homes.
Even worse, ISIS has revived the institutional practice of slavery within its so-called caliphate, condoning the systematic rape and sexual enslavement of non-Muslim women. This practice is not only allowed inside ISIS, it is actively encouraged, and some survivors have reported that ISIS fighters believe that if a woman is raped by 10 Muslims, they will become converted. There is even a market for enslaved women within the caliphate, and girls are bought, sold, and traded among the fighters as commodities or rewards.
Nadia is in New York City to ask the U.N. Security Council to rescue the enslaved Yezidis and help them liberate their land from the militants. She's also here to tell their story, with the help of Yazda, a U.S.-based nonprofit dedicated to supporting survivors of Yezidi genocide and women who have escaped from ISIS.
Last July, Nadia was living in Kocho, a village near northern Iraq, with their mother and brothers and sisters. They were a student, and history was their favorite subject. They wanted to become a teacher. “I did not know anything,” they say of their generally peaceful childhood. “I did not know anything about what ISIS was or what it was going to do.”
But soon they began to see images on TV, “horrific images,” they say. And one day in August, they were walking with their sister and saw fighters in their village. “I recognized, I said, ‘This is the same group that we have seen committing the crimes on the TV.'” They didn't know they would meet them so soon.
Then, on Aug. 15, 2014, the fighters told everyone to walk to the school on the outskirts of town. It was lunchtime. On their way, Nadia and their family saw ISIS fighters “everywhere,” they remember, “on the houses, on the streets, there were a lot of them.” Some of them were masked, others were not. They all spoke different languages.
The fighters separated the men from the women, and put Nadia and some other women on the second floor of the building. Then they murdered 312 men in one hour, according to a U.N. spokesperson, including six of Nadia's brothers and stepbrothers. Nadia witnessed it all. When they retook the area from ISIS, Kurdish forces also uncovered a mass grave of about 80 elderly women who had presumably been executed because they were too old and undesirable to be sold into slavery.
Those who remained, the women like Nadia who were considered young and attractive, were taken to the occupied Iraqi city of Mosul, where they stayed for three days before they were “distributed” among the fighters to be enslaved. “They gave us to them,” Nadia says. They recall some women mussing up their hair to look less appealing to the fighters, in hopes they would be spared. Others smeared battery acid on their faces. “It did not help because in the mornings they would ask us again to wash our face and look pretty.”
Nadia's niece, who was also kidnapped, witnessed a woman cutting their wrists. They heard stories of women jumping from bridges. And in one house in Mosul where Nadia was kept, an upstairs room was smeared with evidence of suffering. “There was blood and there were fingerprints of hands with the blood on the walls,” they say. Two women had killed themselves there.
Nadia never considered ending their own life, but they said they wished the militants would do it for them “I did not want to kill myself — but I wanted them to kill me.”
Nadia, an Iraqi Yezidi who was abducted into slavery by members of ISIS, traveled to the U.S. to testify at the U.N. Kirsten Luce for TIME
Every morning in Mosul, the women would be required to wash. Then, Nadia says, they would be taken to the Shari‘a court, where they would be photographed. The photographs would be posted on a wall in the court, along with the phone number of whichever militant or commander currently owned each woman, so that fighters could swap women among themselves.
One day, it was their turn. They were sitting in a room with all the other women, looking down. They were wearing a pink jacket. A fighter came in. “He told me, ‘The woman in the pink jacket, stand up for me,'” Nadia says. “When I raised my head I looked at him, this huge man, and I shouted and screamed.” They were very big, they say, with long hair and a long beard. They were sitting with their three nieces, they all held on to each other as the big man tried to drag them from the group. “They were beating us with sticks while we were holding one another,” they say. “He took me by force to the ground floor, and they were writing the names of those they were taking.”
As they were struggling with the big man, they saw a pair of small feet. It was another ISIS fighter, also there to get a Yezidi slave. Nadia, desperate, wanted to go with them because they had a smaller build than the first man. “I basically jumped on their feet, and I told him, I begged him, ‘Free me from this huge person, take me for yourself and I will do whatever you want,'” they say. “Then they took me for himself.”
Nadia's new captor was tall and thin, with long hair but a trimmed beard. Something flickers over their face when they describe their “ugly mouth” with “teeth coming out of their lips.” I can't tell whether it is laughter or pain.
This new man kept Nadia in a room with two doors. They prayed five times a day. They had a wife and a daughter named Sara, but Nadia never met them. One day they took them to their parents' house in Mosul. “Then they one day forced me to dress for them and put make-up, I did, and in that black night, they did it,” they testified.
They told the hushed room that they tried to escape the rape and torture, but was captured. “That night, they beat me up, forced to undress, and put me in a room with six militants,” they told said in their testimony. “They continued to commit crimes to my body until I became unconscious.”
Nadia tells me none of their captors exhibited an ounce of regret for what they did to them When one ISIS fighter was asked whether they were their wife, they announced, “‘This is not my wife, they are my sabia, they are my slave,'” Nadia recalls. “And then they fired shots in the sky, as a sign of happiness.”
They were finally able to escape in November 2014 after one of their captors left their house unlocked, and they sneaked away to safety. They were then transported to a refugee camp (she is purposely vague about how they got from captivity to the camp, perhaps to protect anyone who helped her) where they were selected for a program that takes refugees to Germany. Now she's living near Stuttgart, but they do not feel at home there. “I left everyone, all the family members who are still in the camps, I left them,” they say. “But it's better than the poverty and suffering that people endure in the camps.” She's been brought to the U.S. to raise awareness about the plight of Yezidi girls still in captivity.
Nadia does not celebrate Christmas, but they have learned about the holiday since she's been living in Germany. And they have a message for anyone celebrating Christmas this year: “If they're celebrating and they want to help the poor, then they should help us.”
Write to Charlotte Alter at charlotte.alter@time.com.
I guess I was right after all. I knew going back to work would help. It always does.
It just feels so good to be able to throw myself back into playing again. And with the kids back at school and Colette back at work too, I really think things are getting better. We all just needed a little space, I think.
Anyway, it's great seeing my teammates again – on and off the field. I mean sure, we got together a handful of times over the summer too, but it's always nice to fall back into our old routine. I really missed those guys.
And work's been pretty great too, so far. We won our first two games, practices have been good, and I've been getting along really well with all my co-workers. Lots of old familiar faces, like I said. But some new ones too. It's always kinda fun to meet the ‘new blood', y'know? See how they click with the rest of the staff and the team…
So far the new psychical therapist's been doing a decent job fitting in. She's still kinda getting the hang of how we do things around here though. But that's probably to be expected – Anna just transferred over to us after working in Champs Les Sims for a couple years. I'm sure we do things a bit differently than what she's used to.
Still, I've had a lot of fun talking to them during our sessions – she's hysterical! And they definitely know it too. We've been hitting it off pretty well, but no matter how many times I tell them not to, they still call me ‘Mr. Rosebrook'. It's kinda cute, actually. And I'm pretty sure that's exactly what she's going for. I've definitely caught them staring at me a few times…
And you know what? I really don't mind. It's kinda nice to get that kind of attention again. God knows Lettie hasn't given it to me in a while.
If only our new assistant coach was as friendly. He's such a hard ass. Probably why Coach hired them on in the first place… It'll definitely take some getting used to. But I'm up for the challenge.
So all-in-all, I guess things are pretty good right now.
I just hope Lettie's feeling better too. She's been smiling a lot when I see them at dinner and stuff, but I guess it's kind of hard to say for sure.
We barely talk anymore.
Advertisements
The German bank KfW is funding a waste treatment plant in Samaria - on condition that it only serve the Arab population, the Legal Forum for Israel said on Tuesday.
According to the Forum, this same bank perviously funded the establishment of a water purification plant which has been noted for polluting the water flowing through the nearby valley of Wadi Kelt.
The Legal Forum warns that the establishment of the new waste treatment plant near the Jewish community of Rimonim will cause serious damage to a nearby archaeological site dating to biblical times.
Yesterday, the Knesset held a hearing which addressed an incident this week during which Palestinian Authority police opened fire after a confrontation at the site of the new building plans.
Although the Legal Forum and other environmentalist groups have repeatedly appealed to the Civil Administration to stop the construction plans, so far, the Administration has rejected their claims.
At the moment, the environmental group "Green Now" has filed a complaint with the Supreme Court which has led to a delay in the construction; the Civil Administration is expected to present a response next week.
According to the late archaeologist Adam Zartal, the planned waste treatment facility is near a circular rock structure that they identified as an ancient Israelite meeting place that is referenced many times in the Bible.
OpenCV is our recommended package for image processing. In robotics, OpenCV can be deployed in Single Board computers as Raspberry Pi to give the power of vision to the robot.
You can make robots as SID2 using the power of OpenCV in your robots.
The Jupyter notebook for the code is at the Github link here.
The aim of this blog:
This is a beginner's blog which will look at below aspects using OpenCV2 -
a) Read an image from the folder path
b) Grayscale the image
c) Perform Canny edge on that image
d) Identify lines in an image using the Hough Line detection algorithm
e) Learn about Affine transformation
The codes are shared via Jupyter Notebook in our GitHub directory. The link is here for GitHub.
Pre-requisites for the code:
You should have OpenCV2 installed along with matplotlib. You may consider using the Anaconda environment as we have used or may use a standalone environment as well.
You must also have a webcam in your machine which acts like the camera.Please make sure your local antivirus does not block Python from using the webcam.
You can have a look at our old blogs on Anaconda here if you are new to Anaconda.
You must also have Python2 installed along with Numpy. For more information of Numpy installation you can refer our old blog here.
Ok, so let's get started.
Open a new Jupyter Notebook session over the Python2 kernel and get started with below code blocks.
Reading an image with OpenCV2 -
To read an image import OpenCV and use the below two lines of code.
import cv2
img = cv2.imread('images/TajMahal.jpg')
cv2.imshow('read image',img)
Grayscale an image with OpenCV2 -
Grayscale refers to black and white and it is often done as many image processing algorithm in OpenCV have a pre-requisite to convert the image into grayscale. There are two ways to do it. The most common way is to use the OpenCV inbuilt function cv2.COLOR_BGR2GRAY.
The other way is to amend a '0' (numeric zero not alphabet O) when you read the image using the imread function. We will use the easy second option as -
img = cv2.imread('images/TajMahal.jpg',0)
cv2.imshow('Grayscale', img)
cv2.waitKey()
cv2.destroyAllWindows()
As you can see in the image above of the Taj Mahal. OpenCV can perfectly grayscale the source image from the left.
Rotate an image :
As you know images in OpenCV are represented by Matrix. To rotate an image in OpenCV we would need to know the following -
a) The center with respect to which the image will rotate
b)The angle to be rotated. In OpenCV a positive angle is counter-clockwise
c)Optional: A scale factor
Affine transformation is expressed in the form of a matrix multiplication (linear transformation) followed by a vector addition (translation).
This is conducted using a concept known as Affine transformation. According to OpenCV documentation Affine transformation is 'any transformation that can be expressed in the form of a matrix multiplication (linear transformation) followed by a vector addition (translation)'.
In simple terms, Affine transformation retains the parallelism of the source image whereas Non Affine transformation does not do that.
To implement it in code we use the two steps to -
a) use function getRotationMatrix2D to rotate the image around it's center
b) warpAffine function to to get the 2X3 rotation matrix
image = cv2.imread('images/TajMahal.jpg')
height, width = image.shape[:2]
# Divide by two to rotate the image around its centre
rotation_matrix = cv2.getRotationMatrix2D((width/2, height/2), 90, .5)
rotated_image = cv2.warpAffine(image, rotation_matrix, (width, height))
cv2.imshow('Rotated Image of Taj', rotated_image)
cv2.waitKey()
cv2.destroyAllWindows()
The end result looks as above which is a rotation of the image we provided of the Taj Mahal.
Canny edge detection:
Opencv2 provides us with a standard function called as canny which can be used to perform canny edge detection. For the mathematics please refer the section at the end of this blog. In Opencv2 the function parameters are : cv.Canny(image, edges, threshold1, threshold2, aperture_size=3)
Parameters -
image – single-channel 8-bit input image. edges – output edge map; it has the same size and type as image .threshold1 – first threshold for the hysteresis procedure. threshold2 – second threshold for the hysteresis procedure.
Now let is implement this in Python as below:Opencv2 provides us with a standard function called as canny which can be used to perform canny edge detection. For the mathematics please refer the section at the end of this blog.
In Opencv2 the function parameters are : cv.Canny(image, edges, threshold1, threshold2, aperture_size=3)
Now let is implement this in Python as below:
img = cv2.imread('images/TajMahal.jpg')
cv2.imshow('read image',img)
edges = cv2.Canny(img,100,200)
plt.subplot(121),plt.imshow(img,cmap = 'gray')
plt.title('Original Image'), plt.xticks([]), plt.yticks([])
plt.subplot(122),plt.imshow(edges,cmap = 'gray')
plt.title('Edge Image'), plt.xticks([]), plt.yticks([])
plt.show()
The output for couple of input images is shown below and you can see it does a good job to detect the edges.
Detect a line in an image by Hough line:
Line detection is very interesting and can form the base for a line follower robot where you can your webcam to enable the robot to detect lines.
To complete this part you would need to know how OpenCV2 detects lines. Please note that OpenCV2 uses Polar coordinates as it needs to take note of the pixels from top left of the image.
If you need to brush up Polar coordinate equations we have provided some links at the source section.
Line detection is very interesting and can form the base for a line follower robot where you can your webcam to enable the robot to detect lines.
The line in Polar coordinate is represented by r= xcos (theta) + ysin (theta) meaning that each pair represents each line that passes by (x,y).
There are two ways in OpenCV2 for Hough line transforms i.e
The Standard Hough Transform:
It consists in pretty much what we just explained in the previous section. It gives you as result a vector of couples
In OpenCV it is implemented with the function HoughLines
The Probabilistic Hough Line Transform:
A more efficient implementation of the Hough Line Transform. It gives as output the extremes of the detected lines
In OpenCV it is implemented with the function HoughLinesP
We will use the simple HoughLines in Python as below approach.
We import the needed numpy and opencv library and then call the image and grayscale/canny edge the image using the methods described above.
The code is implemented as below.
image = cv2.imread('images/buildingBlog.jpg')
# Grayscale and Canny Edges extracted
gray = cv2.cvtColor(image, cv2.COLOR_BGR2GRAY)
edges = cv2.Canny(gray, 100, 170, apertureSize = 3)
The image we are using is that of a building as shown.
It is now time to call the standard Hough Transform.
lines = cv2.HoughLines(edges, 1, np.pi / 180, 190)
Here we declare lines using the defined HoughLines function and have using a rho accuracy of 1 pixel with theta as accuracy of np.pi / 180 which is 1 degree. We set the threshold as 190 but you can experiment with this value.
Affine transformation retains the parallelism of the source image whereas Non Affine transformation does not do that.
Then iterate through each line and convert it to the format required by cv.lines (i.e. requiring end points) as below code:
for rho, theta in lines[0]:
a = np.cos(theta)
b = np.sin(theta)
x0 = a * rho
y0 = b * rho
x1 = int(x0 + 1000 * (-b))
y1 = int(y0 + 1000 * (a))
x2 = int(x0 - 1000 * (-b))
y2 = int(y0 - 1000 * (a))
cv2.line(image, (x1, y1), (x2, y2), (255, 0, 0), 2)
When we run this we see the lines detected as below.
As you can that the standard Hough line does a decent job and it was able to detect the lines on all floors of the image but had some errors on the bottom left side of the image. You may play around with the parameter value and see if you get better results.
We now try to change the image to a Soduku image which is a better input image for standard Hough line transform. We would just need to place the image in the same folder and change the file name.
The new input file is shown below.
We change the code as to change the image file name and also the threshold value (changed to 270 but you can play with this value) in two lines of code as shown below.
image = cv2.imread('images/soduku2.jpg')
lines = cv2.HoughLines(edges, 1, np.pi / 180, 270)
The output is more impressive in this attempt as shown below.
We hope this blog was helpful for you. Please comment and share.
Sources and references:
a) http://docs.opencv.org/2.4/doc/tutorials/imgproc/imgtrans/warp_affine/warp_affine.html
b) Source code as Jupyter notebook for this blog - https://github.com/MieRobot/Blogs/blob/master/Blog_OpenCV_CannyEdgeWithHoughLineDetection.ipynb
c) OpenCV2 link and some background on mathematics for Polar coordinates and Hough line
d) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canny_edge_detector
e) http://docs.opencv.org/2.4/modules/imgproc/doc/feature_detection.html?highlight=houghlinesp#canny
f) Attribution for Taj Mahal image : # Image source and attribution : By This image was produced by David Castor Own work, Public Domain, # https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=3996907
g) Adffine transformation at wiki - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affine_transformation
Michael Cole, 56, was overcome by "chronic feelings of hopelessness" and directed their anger towards Susan, 53, Exeter Crown Court heard.
The couple, who had no children, had both lost their jobs and and faced the prospect of having their home being repossessed when their savings ran out.
Cole had tried to convince their wife to make a suicide pact but they refused.
They killed them with a hammer and knife and remained with their body at their home in Torquay for two days before calling the police on March 13 to confess.
Cole then tried to take their own life but survived.
Paul Dunkels, QC, in mitigation, said the couple had both worked in the past but were living on benefits at the time.
They said: "They both felt their lives had no worth. They say that the difference between a bad day and a good day was if there was something on television they were both interested in, usually sport.
"Their lives had become so narrow and introverted and a time came when their savings were running out. They had no income, neither were fit for work and a time came when they felt life had nothing to offer.
"The psychiatrist postulates they (Cole) was overcome by their chronic feelings of hopelessness and after years of routine, exacerbated by drinking alcohol, led them to realise how futile life had become and they directed that anger towards Susan.
"There is no doubt they were depressed in the long term. They have destroyed whatever future they had and killed the only person they ever loved as husband and wife."
Cole, of Torquay, Devon, admitted murder and was jailed for life with a minimum term of 12 years and three months.
Judge Francis Gilbert said: "You called the police and told the operator you thought you had killed your wife. The police found them dead beside your bed covered by a blanket with their head in a pillow.
"In interview you were unable to give an explanation for why you had killed them but you told a nurse at hospital you had discussed both committing suicide but they would have none of it.
"You told the psychiatrist that without any cause you took the hammer from under the stairs and the knife from the kitchen and went upstairs, where you hit their head so they fell and then stabbed them in the neck.
"You tried to put them into bed and failed and instead put a pillow under their head and covered their body."
Judge Gilbert added that Cole had expressed remorse which they believed to be genuine. They said there was also no evidence the killing was pre-meditated or for financial gain.
Afterwards, Detective Inspector Dave Thorne, of Torbay CID, said it was a "tragic case"..
In a study conducted at Stanford, psychologists discovered that people who hold extreme opinions are more likely to voice them loudly than those who hold moderate opinions. At last, science has explained most of what you read on the internet.
Ohio State professor Kimberly Rios Morrison polled Stanford University students about what they thought about students drinking alcohol. What they discovered was that the students with the most extreme pro-alcohol stance expressed their opinions most readily, in general because they believed that they were voicing the majority opinion. But polls showed that the majority of students had a moderate to anti-alcohol stance. When pro-alcohol students were shown evidence that most people didn't support their views, they were far more reluctant to express their extreme opinions.
Advertisement
Said Morrison:
It is only when they have this sense that they are in the majority that extremely pro-alcohol students are more willing to express their views on the issue.
Sounds like this study explains internet trolling and flame wars too. People with extreme views who are extremely loud about them manage to delude themselves into thinking everybody agrees. Morrison added:
You have a cycle that feeds on itself: the more you hear these extremists expressing their opinions, the more you are going to believe that those extreme beliefs are normal for your community.
Advertisement
No word yet on how to break the cycle, especially with trolls, who may not care whether the majority agree with them or not. But we can only hope further research will lead to a simple way to cure extremists of their belief that everybody shares their opinions and wants them to keep talking.
via Ohio State
It should come as no great surprise that Zach LaVine is one of the worst offenders when it comes to inefficient shot selection on the Wolves.
The Minnesota Timberwolves reached the halfway point of the 2015-16 season last Friday, getting tenderized by the Oklahoma City Thunder, 113-93, in a game that wasn't as close as that score would indicate.
The pummeling brought the Wolves' record to 12-29, which telescopes to 24-58 for the entire season, less than the 25.5 wins set by the Las Vegas odds-makers back in September. The Wolves proceeded to blow out the hapless Phoenix Suns on Sunday, however, ending a nine-game losing streak and upping their winning percentage (30.9) to almost exactly what Vegas had predicted for them.
So, the team is as inept as expected. The gut punch for the fan base has been the in-season regression.
It doesn't help head coach Sam Mitchell and their crew that the high-water mark of the season, 8-8, has such a memorable, aesthetically pleasing symmetry to it.
During those first sixteen games, rookie Karl-Anthony Towns was playing like the second coming of sure-fire Hall of Famer Tim Duncan. Second-year swingman Andrew Wiggins was owning crunchtime with relentless, daredevil drives to the hoop, spinning and slamming their way through the painted area for a bevy of buckets or fouls that sent them to the free throw line.
The other second-year swingman, Zach LaVine, seemed to have received important elements of their long-hidden clue about how to perform in the NBA, with improved defensive awareness, fewer turnovers off the dish and the dribble, and more confidence and accuracy on their jump shot.
Meanwhile, veteran mentors Kevin Garnett and Tayshaun Prince set the template for taut team defense from the starting lineup, teaching cornerstones Towns and Wiggins how to seal the seams with sound positional judgments and aggressive rotations, all of it manna to point guard Ricky Rubio, who has been craving some defensive-oriented grown-ups on the court since they entered the NBA more than four years ago.
After 16 games, Towns and Wiggins were burgeoning superstars and it no longer seemed ridiculous to cite LaVine's potential to join them in that rarefied atmosphere. With KG and Rubio working their complementary intensity with Prince as the calming ballast, the Wolves rode their top-ten defense to road wins over Chicago, Atlanta and Miami. In what has been a down season for the middle rungs of the Western Conference, some poor, deluded souls among the fan base even dared to consider the Wolves as a contender for the playoffs.
Since then, the Wolves are 5-21, a record of futility nearly as wretched as last season's chaotic tanking to 16-66. “Bait-and-switch” feels like an understated description of how hopeful fans have regarded this pratfall back to incompetence. Something more vicious, like “sucker-and-fillet,” better captures their sense of betrayal.
How did such a young, promising roster, without any major injuries to deter it, suddenly find itself in the dregs of dysfunction?
A complete answer to that question is multi-faceted, and beyond the space requirements of this column. So today we'll just pick the low-hanging fruit and study the team's antiquated offense.
Idiotic shot selection
The Wolves have won just two of the past 15 games. During that stretch, they launched more midrange shots — between 15-19 feet away from the basket — than any other team by a fairly wide margin, 17.4 per game compared to the next-highest mid-rangers, Miami, at 15.7 per game.
By distance alone, analytics have demonstrated that the midrange is not as efficient as a three-pointer or a shot at the rim in terms of points-generated per attempt. But the Wolves compound that flaw by being inaccurate midrange shooters — their 36 percent from that 15-19 foot distance over the past 15 games ranks 27th among the 30 NBA teams.
Those numbers are from the stats page at nba.com. The website Basketball Reference is better at breaking down so-called “long twos,” the shots taken from 16 feet out to the three-point line. Once again, the Wolves shoot more often from this distance than anyone in the NBA this season — 25.8 percent of their total attempts. And once again, their 39.5 percent accuracy from that range is below the league average of 40.1, 16th best among the 30 teams.
Put simply, they are emphasizing an inefficient mediocrity in their offense.
Meanwhile, for the second season in a row, the Wolves are shooting the lowest frequency of three-pointers among their total shot-selection than any team in the NBA. Mitchell maintains that the culprit is a dearth of reliable three-point shooters on the roster, along with their inability to institute a more free-flowing offense at the beginning of the season, due to uncertainty over the health and return of the late Flip Saunders.
Both of these explanations are somewhat justified. But even so, the overwhelming evidence is that the Wolves would be better off taking more threes.
Back to that 15-game sample from the nba.com site. The Wolves are next-to-last in the number of three-pointers taken in that span. But when they do launch from behind the arc, their 34.5 percent accuracy is 17th among the 30 teams.
Let me repeat those numbers. Over the past 15 games, the Wolves take way more 15-19 footers than any other team, and make 36 percent of those two-point, midrange shots. They shoot fewer three-pointers than all but one team and make 34.5 percent. It doesn't take an Einstein to realize that 36 percent on twos isn't as efficient as 34.5 percent on threes.
Knock the sample size down to the past ten games — nine of them losses — and you find the Wolves still ranking 29th in the number of threes taken, while rising to 11th among the 30 teams in three-point accuracy.
The positive, generous argument is that Mitchell is slowly but surely tweaking their offense to get better looks from long-distance for their team — hence the recently higher accuracy. The rebuttal is that they either aren't presenting enough of those opportunities or their players are ignoring them.
The primary culprit
It should come as no great surprise that Zach LaVine is one of the worst offenders when it comes to inefficient shot selection on the Wolves. Thus far this season, LaVine has made 39-of-121 shots from a distance between 16 feet and the three-point arc. They have made 41-of-124 shots from three-point territory.
In other words, if LaVine makes two of their next three “long twos,” he'll be exactly as accurate from that inefficient distance as they are from three-point range. To buttress Mitchell's point, they aren't particularly accurate from either spot — 32.2 percent from long twos versus 33.1 percent from deep. But in terms of effective field goal percentage, which adds in the extra-point value of treys, LaVine's eFG percentage from behind the arc rises to 49.6 percent.
Mitchell was quite critical of LaVine during the long interview I had with the coach earlier this month, which you can find here and here.
Shortly after the interview was published, LaVine remarked that Mitchell's treatment of them is “sometimes unfair.” I agree. Sometimes a fair judgment of LaVine's game by Mitchell should be harsher.
For example, Mitchell keeps defending LaVine's struggles at the point guard position by saying that they are “learning a new position.” Well, LaVine played 94 percent of their 1,902 minutes last season (third-most on the team) at point guard. They have played 65 percent of their 981 minutes this season (fifth-most on the team) at the point.
Specifically in terms of shot selection, Mitchell criticized LaVine in our interview for frequently receiving a pass behind the three-point arc and then turning down that open trey by dribbling into traffic for a contested two-pointer. A decent 56.1 percent of LaVine's 41 three-pointers have been assisted by a teammate's pass. Just 17.9 percent of their 39 long twos were assisted. Translation: LaVine dribbles their way into long twos, and shoots them slightly less accurately than they do three-pointers.
(For those who think 56 percent is a high assist percentage, the Wolves' primary point guard, Rubio, is shooting approximately the same frequency and accuracy on their three-pointers, and, despite being the main ball-handler, has been assisted on 92.3 percent of their makes.)
The reluctant marksman
In a much different way, the shot selection of Nemanja Bjelica is also hindering the Wolves' efficiency on offense. But unlike LaVine, Bjelica is turning down treys in favor of passes rather than long twos.
Following a strong start, Bjelica fell into a horrible slump after coming back from a slight knee injury and reacquainting themselves with the more physical play and faster pace of the NBA game. But whether they have been in rhythm or out of sorts, Bjelly has shown a maddening tendency to forego open treys on a team that desperately needs them to knock down those shots and space the floor.
Coming into the season, they and Kevin Martin were regarded as the team's best three-point threats. Now that Martin has been relegated to spot duty in order to secure more playing time for Wiggins, Bazzy Muhammad and LaVine, Bjelica is the most proven long-range shooter in the team's regular rotation.
On the plus side, they are attempting more treys per minute than anyone on the roster other than seldom-used three-point specialist Damjan Rudez (a subpar defender) and LaVine. On the other hand, Bjelly is next-to-last on the roster, behind only Tayshaun Prince, on the number of shot attempts per minute.
Obviously, the overwhelming majority of Bjelica's shots are three-pointers. But just as obviously, relative to the rest of their teammates, they almost never shoots. Some of this is the inability of the Wolves to look for him. But much more of it is Bjelly themselves deciding that further ball movement is a better gambit than taking that jumper. That they are only sixth on the team in assists per minute (behind Garnett, among others) despite frequently playing with teammates who hunt for their own shots indicates that this is a self-defeating, and team-defeating, strategy.
In the past couple of weeks, a couple of Timberwolves — Rubio and Muhammad — have conspicuously escalated their three-point attempts. It is time for both LaVine and Bjelica to follow suit.
That won't address all of the Wolves offensive woes, let alone the decline in their overall defensive prowess. But it is a fundamental start almost guaranteed to enhance both the present and the future of this ball club.
Senior health staff who help decide which drugs are used by GPs and hospitals are being paid to work as consultants for pharmaceutical companies who want the National Health Service to “switch” to medicines they produce.
An undercover investigation has found that some NHS staff charge up to £15,000 to organise “advisory board” meetings for drugs companies.
Many of the meetings take place in five-star hotels around the world, with some attendees telling this newspaper that they were taken to “flashy” restaurants and paid large sums while considering whether to “switch” drugs.
Health service staff who take part in “advisory boards” for pharmaceutical companies argue that their involvement helps them to make “best use” of NHS money by analysing drugs and providing expert advice.
However these disclosures will prompt concerns about a potential conflict of interest between NHS staff and drugs companies and raise questions about the impartiality of public sector staff who control budgets worth millions of pounds.
There are also concerns that, if drugs were being switched for financial, rather than medical reasons, it would not be in the best interests of patients.
NHS England and the Department of Health pledged to investigate the findings of The Daily Telegraph investigation. A spokesperson for NHS England said: “These are extremely serious allegations so we have immediately directed NHS Protect to launch a full investigation of each and every case identified by this press report”.
A Department of Health spokesperson said: “If these allegations are true, this is completely outrageous and amounts to an abuse of the trust that patients place in NHS staff. The NHS fraud protection body has launched an urgent investigation and we expect each Trust and Clinical Commissioning Group involved to launch a full inquiry.”
The investigation identified two senior NHS managers who openly spoke about being paid fees and accepting hospitality from pharmaceutical companies in exchange for sitting on the advisory boards. Undercover reporters posed as representatives of a pharmaceutical company selling an epilepsy drug and an adrenalin pen.
Omar Ali, the part-time formulary development pharmacist for the Surrey and Sussex NHS trust boasted that they had a “network” of more than 100 “payers” – NHS officials who sit on boards that decide which medicines are given to the public. The Trust said they had resigned.
They said each payer, involved with allocating budgets of up to £60 million, would need to be paid £1,000 a day to attend an event in Dubai hosted by a drug firm. “I'm talking about the payers who will make a decision on which drug they have on the formulary,” they said. They would charge £15,000 to organise the event, which they said would “give you a competitive edge”.
They suggested running a two-day meeting in Abu Dhabi or Dubai.
They added: “Each payer is also a customer… So whilst we're asking them for advice, we're also seeing if they might want to play ball.”
Drugs are generally signed off by committees of which payers are members. Mr Ali said they could not “unilaterally” decide to switch to the firm's drugs, “especially as I'm working together with you on this”.
Mario Kart DS is the first online game in the series for the Nintendo DS portable platform. It is also Nintendo's very first attempt at including total online multiplayer gameplay. While online play via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection is not considered as fleshed-out as it could have been, the game itself was well received by critics.
Racing in Mario Kart DS involves various characters from other various Mario games racing each other in go-karts on tracks themed from locations in the series. Less realistic physics, and the use of various weapons and or items to achieve victory differentiates kart racing games like MKDS from racing simulators like Gran Turismo. Mario Kart DS multiplayer supports up to eight players via wireless linkup, and up to four players via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Continue to: Controls →
Walkthrough →
Kanye's new album may have The Life of Pablo topped Billboard charts two months after its initial release, but Tidal's celebration might be short-lived, thanks to a proposed class-action lawsuit. Filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco earlier this week, the suit alleges that Kanye and Tidal falsely claimed that Pablo would only be available via the streaming service, inflating new subscriber numbers and obtaining valuable personal data in the process.
It's the latest blow in a string of bad news for Tidal dating back to its rocky launch just over a year ago. More worrying, though, it illustrates that while Tidal understands how to attract customers, it doesn't understand...well, just about everything else, but especially what the word "exclusive" means.
Bombast Must Have Backup
The suit alleges that Tidal and Kanye framed The Life Of Pablo as an exclusive to the service—with Kanye's tweets explicitly stating it would not be available elsewhere.
That proved to be untrue; by the end of March, not only had the album rolled out to Spotify, but it was available to purchase at Kanye's website. After more than half a million illegal downloads and reports of up to $10 million in lost sales, it's possible the album got pushed more widely in order to try and recoup what was lost in the rollout. Either way, there was no longer anything exclusive about TLOP—and exclusives are how competitive music streaming services attract users.
It's the same in other industries. Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon all try to distinguish themselves not by the size of their streaming libraries, but by their original and exclusive content. And in the world of videogames, console makers like Sony and Microsoft forge deals with game studios so that they secure windows of PlayStation or Xbox-only exclusivity for various blockbuster titles.
In order to be gain ground on longer-running and better-funded competitors like Spotify and Apple Music, Tidal needs those exclusives too. Its "artist-owner" model helps facilitate those Tidal-only projects, like Prince's two HITnRUN albums—or even temporary exclusives, like Big Sean and Jhene Aiko's Twenty88, which was only available on Tidal for 72 hours before its commercial release. Prince even moved their entire catalog over to Tidal midway through 2015, ostensibly for greater artist control. With new releases and an entire backlog of popular singles and albums, that's the kind of get that services like Tidal should be able to leverage for a wider audience. But even a classic and essential catalog like Prince's didn't move the needle for new subscribers at that time, nor has it done so after the legendary musician's death this week—our unofficial poll found that a mere 5% of the more than 2,000 respondents had joined the service for access to their music.
(Having said all that, Beyoncé may have just given Tidal a second chance. Them "visual album" Lemonade, which debuted last night on HBO and as a Tidal exclusive, might be exactly the kind of high-impact, subscriber-motivating release Tidal needs to right the ship.)
Since Tidal's formation just over a year ago, The Life Of Pablo has been by far the most important exclusive for the company, tripling its paid subscriber base and increasing its valuation to $84 million. (Even at 3 million, though, its paid subscriber base is still dwarfed by Spotify's 30 million and Apple Music's 11 million.) The rollout was inconsistent at best, hampered by technical difficulties and Kanye's own artistic caprice: Some subscribers weren't able to download the album after the rapper pulled it off the service for tweaking; others who signed up for the free trial subscription had credit cards mistakenly charged.
Kanye's inclination to continue tinkering with the album, keeping its release spontaneous and ever-changing, was at first a novelty, but it ultimately backfired for Tidal. Instead of being the only place listeners could go for a stable of high-profile artists, the service instead became a punchline—to the point of becoming the basis for a Saturday Night Live sketch where Ariana Grande provides emergency vocal fill-ins for missing files.
The streaming music landscape still resembles the wild west, with different services vying for territory. The best way to attract subscribers—who likely won't pay for multiple services—is to get the best exclusive content first more often than your competitors. That doesn't mean exclusivity needs to be permanent; Drake's upcoming album Views From The 6 will debut as an Apple Music exclusive for its first week. It also doesn't mean a service's library can't evolve over time, like when television shows disappear from Netflix only to show up on Amazon months later. But the lawsuit against Tidal makes it clear that a fumbling ad hoc rollout for a marquee artist like Kanye West will never be a net positive. You may gain a talking point, but you lose trust.
Last year, a mysterious UFO-shaped 60-foot disc was discovered in the bottom of the Baltic sea by a Swedish ocean exploration team using sonar. Now, that same team has managed to get near it and take photographs. According to diver Stefan Hogeborn, it's unlike anything they've ever seen:
During my 20-year diving career, including 6000 dives, I have never seen anything like this. Normally stones don't burn. I can't explain what we saw, and I went down there to answer questions, but I came up with even more questions.
Advertisement
At first, the divers thought that the disc was just some kind of rock cliff. But closer observations revealed something different:
The object appeared more as a huge mushroom, rising 3-4 meters/10-13 feet from the seabed, with rounded sides and rugged edges. The object had an egg shaped hole leading into it from the top, as an opening. On top of the object they also found strange stone circle formations, almost looking like small fireplaces. The stones were covered in something resembling soot.
The divers say that there is a 985-foot-long path that can be described "as a runway or a downhill path that is flattened at the seabed with the object at the end of it."
Advertisement
Peter Lindberg, who is one of the founders of the Swedish Ocean X Team, has always been clear that they are not claiming that this is a spaceship of any kind. They don't, though, know what it is:
First we thought this was only stone, but this is something else. And since no volcanic activity has ever been reported in the Baltic Sea the find becomes even stranger. As laypeople we can only speculate how this is made by nature, but this is the strangest thing I have ever experienced as a professional diver.
These guys are not a bunch of crazy UFO hunters, but a company that finds sunken ships and retrieves their contents for profit. In 1997 they found the ship Jönköping, which was loaded with 2.500 bottles of an amazing champagne: Heidsieck&Co Monopole 1907 "Gout Americain" dedicated to the Russian Imperial Fleet. They sold those bottles for $13,000 a pop.
Advertisement
The strange disc was found on June 19 2011, at 285 feet below the surface of the Botnia Gulf, which is located somewhere between Finland and Sweden in the Baltic. From the images, it appears to be an extremely smooth rock-like surface.
The shape may remind you of the Millennium Falcon, and the tracks seem to suggest the object destroyed part of seabed on its way to its final position. But this could be anything, including a geological formation or, as Lindberg said at the time of its discovery, some archeological find, a "new Stonehenge." But that explanation doesn't make much sense.
Advertisement
Lindberg and their team are still at the site, exploring it and trying to get a definitive answer to what is this and how it happened. I vote for NASA to go there and get a definitive answer as soon as possible. Until then, your guess is as good as theirs. [Ocean Explorers via Expressen—in Swedish—Thanks Mark!]
Major League Baseball (MLB), with its 30 teams, generated around 9 billion U.S. dollars in total revenue in the 2016 season, almost twice the revenue generated ten years ago, when total revenue was at 5.5 billion U.S. dollars. On average each team generated almost 300.9 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2016. The New York Yankees were the highest-earning team in Major League Baseball with 526 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2016, while the Tampa Bay Rays were the team with the lowest earnings with revenues at around 205 million U.S. dollars.Almost 30 percent of the total league-wide revenue is earned from gate receipts (ticket sales) Television and media rights constitute another important stream of revenue. In 2012 MLB reached agreements on new broadcasting deals with Fox, TBS and ESPN, that started with the 2014 season and bring in an estimated total of 12.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenue through 2021. This revenue is equally shared among all 30 teams, an average of 52 million U.S. dollars per team and season.Strong revenue growth has had a large impact on the valuation of MLB franchises. In 2017, the average franchise value was estimated at 1.54 billion U.S. dollars. The New York Yankees are the most valuable franchise with an estimated worth of 3.7 billion U.S. dollars, followed by the Los Angeles Dodgers with an estimated value of 2.75 billion U.S. dollars.
LONDON — The disputes playing out in London courts increasingly feature tough guys with private jets who deploy armies of attorneys to fight over obscene piles of cash. What they lack, however, is British plaintiffs or defendants.
London has become the battleground of choice for big business disputes emerging from Russia and countries that once belonged to the Soviet Union, a group known as the Commonwealth of Independent States, or CIS.
As these countries' economies grow and globalize, post-Soviet business people increasingly shun local judicial systems, which often lack experience and are riddled with corruption.
Instead, they take their disputes to international courtrooms and arbitral tribunals.
Many of the legal narratives from this newfangled world of offshore lawyering read like the scripts for gangster movies.
Read more: Why is Russia prosecuting a dead man?
For instance, self-exiled millionaire Boris Berezovsky reportedly wedged themselves through the legs of an special forces-trained bodyguard at the Hermes store on London's posh Sloane Street, to serve oligarch Roman Abramovich a court writ informing them of a $6 billion lawsuit.
“I've got a present for you,” Berezovsky declared as they handed Abramovich the suit, the most expensive to ever be tried in Britain, according to the Daily Mail.
In another case, Kazakhstan-based BTA bank has been litigating with former chairperson Mukhtar Ablyazov, for allegedly embezzling nearly $5 billion from the now-nationalized financial institution. The case involves nine lawsuits and more than 50 lawyers, the largest number to ever work on a case in British legal history, experts say.
Ablyazov, who fled to London in 2009, was found guilty Thursday of failing to disclose more than $50 million worth of assets, including posh properties in London and Moscow and 600 shell companies, after being ordered by the court to do so.
Ablyazov, who faces 22 months in jail, did not attend the hearing Thursday, sparking rumors that they fled England. Ablyazov's brother-in-law, also involved in the case, has already been sentenced to 18 months in prison on similar charges. Their location remains unknown.
Read more: Can anyone defeat Putin in the upcoming election?
Separately, Uzbekistan-born Israeli business person Mikhail Cherney is scheduled to meet in court this April with Russia's "aluminum king" Oleg Deripaska. The $4 billion suit charges that Deripaska cheated Cherney out of their shares in Rusal, the world's biggest aluminum producer.
In an odd twist, Cherney will give their testimony by video: they are wanted by Interpol for money laundering and organized crime.
More than half of cases in the British High Court commercial division, where a number of this type of cases are fought, involve clients from Russia and elsewhere in the CIS, according to several expert estimates.
A third of all cases at the London Court of International Arbitration, which gets the majority of business disputes because of its speed and confidentiality, involve a Russian-speaking party.
The International Commercial Court also gets its fair share.
The scuttlebutt among London lawyers says that the Kremlin has encouraged litigants to stop fighting their battles in the UK, concerned about how the sheer volume of high-profile litigation in English courts reflects on Russia.
The Kremlin denied any knowledge of such efforts. “It's not so great that they are suing each other, but everyone is free to decide where to litigate,” a Kremlin spokesperson said. The Stockholm Arbitration Tribunal has long been a popular venue for CIS cases, but London has now taken the lead.
Many post-Soviet executives have bought residences in London, have become involved in local commerce or moved their families there. And CIS companies are often listed on the London Stock Exchange. The bulk of the CIS cases come from Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan, lawyers said.
The big bucks
“The cases are always interesting — great characters, and often dramatic allegations. It's never boring,” said Rupert D'Cruz, secretary of the Russian-British Law Association, who heads the Littleton Chambers CIS Dispute Resolution. They typically involve “multi-billion dollar assets, privatized under questionable circumstances,” said one corporate investigator, who requested anonymity due of the nature of their work.
Events in the cases are usually dramatic, with clients battling over every point, said Alastair Shaw, a Swan Turton commercial litigation partner who has worked with CIS clients in the past.
Physical threats are common in disputes involving business people from the CIS, D'Cruz said, and litigants typically travel with burly, highly trained security men.
In court, the CIS cases are complex, involving oral contracts, networks of close family and friends and webs of offshore businesses. Executives from CIS nations, fearful of routine government raids, are among the top clients when it comes to registering businesses in such places as Cypress or the British Virgin Islands, where they can store assets more securely, legal experts said.
While there are no official estimates, lawyers said the disputes are a multi-billion dollar industry. The average legal fees run several million dollars per case, and the number of cases has been growing. Berezovsky's legal fees alone are reportedly 100 million British pounds ($153.5 million).
The disputes provide growth for the UK's recession-stricken economy. One entrepreneur opened a firm last year that supplies Russian-speaking paralegals. Dispute consulting firms are hiring more private investigators to accommodate CIS cases, which often lack transparency.
The High Court commercial division moved into a new state-of-the-art 300 million pounds ($460.6 million) building in October. The building houses 31 courts and is adorned with a glass staircase and modern art.
English law is often used in business contracts across the CIS for its reliability, independence and established reputation. With capital flight of over $80 billion and Russia's overworked courts and arbitration tribunals, the disputes are likely to stay in London for years to come, experts say.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev's push to increase credibility of the Russian legal system will take years to accomplish, said Evgeny Raschevsk, director of international arbitration and litigation at Egorov Puginsky Afanasiev & Partners, a prominent Moscow-based law firm with offices in London.
In the early part of the last decade there was an influx of cases filed in American courts, mainly in New York. But most were turned away because judges ruled that the United States lacked jurisdiction over them, said Glenn Hendrix, an Atlanta-based partner at Arnall Golden Gregory, a law firm that specializes in business disputes.
American courts demand a tighter connection when it comes to accepting foreign cases than the British courts. Moreover, many more oligarchs and business people from the former USSR live in London than in New York.
But the number of CIS disputes is growing in the United States as well, Hendrix said. Arnall Golden Gregory, for example, recently hired a lawyer who, “does nothing but Russia and CIS work,” Hendrix said.
“We see potential,” they said.
Police will be told they need a judge's permission to access journalists' phone records, the Home Office has said.
A temporary measure means officers must follow the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and get legal permission to obtain any communications data.
The move comes after strong criticism of the way police were using the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (Ripa) to access journalists' sources.
The Home Office said it was an "interim solution" ahead of the next parliament.
The prime minister agreed to the change two weeks ago after a review by the Interception of Communications Commissioner, but the government is now publishing the details of it.
Former Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer said a permanent change in the law was "a matter of urgency".
The Home Office said it was determined to make the changes as "soon as is legally possible".
"We are legislating as far as possible now until a bill can be introduced in the next parliament which delivers the recommendations in full," a spokesperson said.
'Better than nothing'
Calls within government for the change had been led by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg.
Lord Falconer, who helped promote Ripa when it was introduced in Parliament, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that while the temporary measure was "better than nothing... something much more dramatic needs to be done".
They added that it was had never been envisaged that Ripa "would be used by the police in the way that it's been used".
"There may be exceptional circumstances where a journalist is not acting as a journalist, but acting as a sort of criminal.
"But assume the journalist is acting as a journalist, then in my view, before any disclosure of communications data... is made, it should go before a judge so that they or they can make a judgement as to whether or not the interest in a free press is in fact overridden by the need to investigate crime."
'Permanent safeguards'
An inquiry into Ripa was launched last autumn after it was revealed that police in London and Kent accessed journalists' phone records as they investigated two cases.
One was the Plebgate affair, which took place in 2012 when police officers would not let former minister Andrew Mitchell cycle through Downing Street's main gate.
The other was the case of former cabinet minister Chris Huhne, who was jailed for perverting the course of justice in 2013.
Mr Clegg said: "We're glad the Tories have finally found some sense and have at least agreed to ensure temporary measures are put in place to protect journalist sources.
"Whilst temporary measures are better than none, we will not stop pushing to ensure permanent safeguards are put in place."
During their contract dispute, which stretches back a couple of years, Muhammad Wilkerson has watched similarly talented defensive linemen score big deals with their respective teams. We've reported the names and the contract numbers, connecting them to Wilkerson's situation. There's another interesting angle -- a look at how those players fared after reaping enormous riches.
For the most part, they regressed in terms of production, showing that bang for the buck isn't always a given -- at least not in Year 1 of the contract. You can bet the New York Jets are aware of the trend. This isn't to suggest they're concerned about Wilkerson falling into that trap; it just confirms there's a buyer-beware element to every major investment.
Muhammad Wilkerson wants the kind of long-term deal they have seen so many other D-linemen get. AP Photo/Bill Wippert
Let's take a look at the biggest deals from 2014 and 2015 (based on guaranteed money):
2015
Marcell Dareus, Buffalo Bills (six-year, $108 million extension, $60 million guaranteed): They were a dominant force in 2014, racking up 10 sacks and making the All-Pro team, but they fell off a cliff last season after signing their mega-deal. They managed only two sacks, a career low. Teammate Jerry Hughes ($22 million guaranteed) fell into the same category, going from 10 sacks to five. You think the Bills wish they could take a mulligan on those deals?
Ndamukong Suh, Miami Dolphins (six years, $114 million, $60 million guaranteed): Suh, one of the top free agents in recent years, was supposed to lift the Miami defense on their giant shoulders and carry it to dominance. Let's just say their overall performance fell short of expectations. They finished with only six sacks, down from 8.5 in the previous year with the Detroit Lions. They didn't even make the Pro Bowl, one year after an All-Pro season.
Cameron Jordan, New Orleans Saints (five-year, $60 million extension, $33.5 million guaranteed): Jordan bucked the trend, going from 7.5 sacks to 10 and making their first Pro Bowl. Overall, they were a more disruptive presence than in 2014, allowing the Saints to feel good about their investment.
Corey Liuget, San Diego Chargers (five-year, $51.3 million extension, $30.5 million guaranteed): They missed the final four games with a foot injury and battled a knee problem that required minor offseason surgery. They finished with only three sacks, down from 4.5.
2014
Robert Quinn, Rams (six years, $65.6 million, $41.2 million guaranteed): Talk about a disappearing act. They were coming off a 19-sack season when they signed the contract, but they haven't come anywhere close to that over the past two years. They managed 10.5 sacks in 2014, but slipped to five last season after missing eight games with a back issue. Their epic performance in '13 turned out to be an aberration, but Quinn parlayed it into big bucks.
J.J. Watt, Houston Texans (six-year, $100 million extension, $51.9 million guaranteed): The true exception to the rule, Watt got better -- a lot better -- after signing their new contract. They essentially doubled their sack production, going from 10.5 to 20.5 sacks. You could make the argument Watt has outperformed their contract, considering the money thrown at lesser defensive linemen in recent months.
2016 offseason
It'll be interesting to see how the Philadelphia Eagles' Fletcher Cox ($63 million guaranteed), New York Giants' Olivier Vernon ($52.5 million) and Jacksonville Jaguars' Malik Jackson ($42 million) perform after signing the biggest defensive-line contracts of the 2016 offseason. Technically, Wilkerson still could wind up in that group, but it's highly unlikely.
By rule, the Jets have until July 15 to sign them to a long-term contract or else they will play on a one-year contract for the amount of their franchise-tag tender ($15.7 million), which seems to suit the Jets. They're in no rush to lock up one of their best players, which certainly clouds their future.
Image caption The prison has a capacity for 1,300 inmates
A 40-year-old prison with more than 1,300 inmates has been taken over by a private firm.
HMP Northumberland, in Acklington, has been taken over from the government by Sodexo Justices Service.
The firm has a 15-year contract and claimed it would save the taxpayer £129m a year by cutting 200 jobs.
But the Prison Officers' Association (POA) said officers posts could result in "escapes and riots".
HMP Northumberland was formed by the merger of Castington and Acklington jails in 2011, but the prison building was built 40 years ago.
It is a Category C jail for inmates - including vulnerable sex offenders - who cannot be trusted in open conditions but who are not thought to be capable of trying to escape.
Joe Simpson, spokesperson for the POA, said they believed reducing staff by 200 to 380 could lead to attempted break-outs.
They said: "We're talking about prison staff who are going to go away from the supervision of prisoners. There could be a riot and someone escapes - that's the worst case scenario."
Barbara King, who lives in nearby Acklingham village, said they were concerned about security at the jail.
Image caption Acklington village resident Barbara King is worried about security at the jail
They said: "How are they now going to control these prisoners - if they are going to reduce the staff - who is going to supervise the prisoners?
"We've got an elderly population in the village - it doesn't really bear thinking about the repercussions of reducing staffing levels."
Sodexo Justice Services said it had run prisons for more than 20 years in the UK.
A company spokesperson said reducing staff would "in no way compromise security" or the efficient running of the prison.
They said the firm was confident of running a secure prison with a regime that "promotes rehabilitation".
There is more on the story on Sunday Politics in the North East And Cumbria on BBC1 at 11:00 GMT.
The freeing of a Canadian-American family held hostage by the Haqqani network has cast a spotlight on the lesser-known terror group. It also has raised questions about what the network might have received in return.
The kidnapping of Canadian Joshua Boyle and their American wife, Caitlan Coleman, fits into the group's pattern of violence on Western targets. Kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012, the family was kept alive and ultimately freed Wednesday in neighbouring Pakistan.
Their rescue comes as Pakistan feels increased pressure from the U.S. to annihilate militant groups such as the Haqqani network which is based in North Waziristan, a region of northwest Pakistan along the border with Afganistan.
The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan said the Haqqanis, combined with the Taliban, pose "the greatest threats to security" in the country. The group — a Taliban offshoot also connected to al-Qaeda — was long said to be shielded by elements within Pakistan's security establishment.
"Their senior leaders remain insulated from pressure and enjoy freedom of action within Pakistan safe havens," Gen. John W. Nicholson, the commander of U.S. Forces in Afghanistan, told a U.S. Senate committee in February.
Jalaluddin Haqqani, founder of the militant Haqqani network, which is now led by their son Sirajuddin. It was labelled a terrorist organization by the U.S. in 2012. (Mohammed Riaz/Associated Press)
The freeing of Boyle and Coleman and their three children could be a sign that insulation is thinning.
In a landmark speech in August, U.S. President Donald Trump spelled out their vision for the region, criticizing Pakistan for harbouring "agents of chaos, violence, and terror." It signalled a continuation of the Obama administration's line that Pakistan must do more to root out militant groups.
Pakistan feels U.S. pressure
Escalating tension between the U.S. and Pakistan might have directly led to the hostages' rescue, says Sajjan Gohel, of the London-based think-tank Asia-Pacific Foundation.
Pakistan "had to exert that pressure back onto the Haqqanis" to illustrate authorities were taking action, Gohel said.
Trump said the joint U.S.-Pakistani rescue operation was a "positive moment" for the two countries' relationship. Indeed, the terror group provides a prime target for Pakistan to illustrate its willingness to crack down on criminal organizations.
"This is the group that the U.S. has most focused on," said Laurel Miller, a foreign policy analyst at the Rand Corporation who served as the acting special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan at the U.S. State Department.
Anis Haqqani, a senior leader of the Haqqani network and a brother of the network's leader, Sirajuddin Haqqani. They posed for a picture in Kabul after an arrest by the Afghan intelligence service NDS. (National Directorate of Security/Associated Press)
Labelled a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. in 2012, the network is now led by Sirajuddin Haqqani, son of the group's founder, Jalaluddin Haqqani.
The U.S. State Department has posted a $5-million US reward for information related to their arrest. The FBI considers the Haqqani leader a "specially designated global terrorist" linked to a deadly 2008 assault on a Kabul hotel, attacks on coalition forces in Afghanistan and the attempted assassination of then-Afghan president Hamid Karzai.
Beyond that, the Haqqanis are known to have a "diversified set of income streams," said Miller. The group is said to profit from drug trafficking, as well as conventional businesses such as car dealerships and construction companies.
They've made "huge sums of money" from kidnapping Afghans and Pakistanis, said Ahmed Rashid, the author of several books on extremism in the region.
If the Haqqanis "can get their hands on an American, no matter how innocent they may be, that's the icing on the cake," they said.
At what price?
The network also uses Western hostages as bargaining chips. In 2014, the Haqqanis released U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five Taliban detainees held at Guantanamo Bay.
The group had recently been demanding the release of Sirajuddin Haqqani's brother from custody in Afghanistan. Statements from U.S. and Pakistani authorities, however, made no mention of a prisoner swap in the case of Boyle and Coleman.
The Haqqanis freed U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl in exchange for five Taliban detainees held at Guantanamo Bay in 2014. They were later charged with desertion and is facing a court martial in the U.S. (U.S. Army/Associated Press)
Pakistani authorities called the rescue an intelligence-driven operation. At a media briefing, U.S. State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert wouldn't confirm whether the rescue led to an exchange of gunfire.
"I would be deeply worried and concerned if some deal was made," said Gohel at the Asia-Pacific Foundation.
Such a deal would embolden the Haqqanis, they said.
Gohel said a prisoner swap involving Afghanistan would be unlikely. The group may have also demanded a ransom, though it's official U.S. and Canadian government policy not to pay.
The Haqqanis, Gohel warned, "don't do anything unless there's a quid pro quo."
Terminus Machina 2, Full Commercial Version In Development! Yes, a full-length, non-mod sequel of Terminus Machina, is currently in the works! I'm supporting development through sales of my cyberpunk adventure game, Neofeud. Thanks everyone who bought it! There is no public page for Terminus Machina II yet, but I am releasing some sneak peek material on my Patreon Page, and you can also follow me on Twitter and on Facebook
Or you can Get it here:
'
- Download - FAQ Support Terminus Machina and get the
"If Eternity was stopping it would of course be set going shortly."
-E. M. Forster, The Machine Stops
The Future. Benevolent God-AI runs the world? League of Evil Asshole Masterminds manages the clockwork Earth from the shadows?
Nope. Just a lot of buggy paramilitary drones blowing up schools, incompetent elite wrecking the planet with endless financial crises, and mass unemployment as robots shove workers out of offices and into endless breadlines run out of bread in bankrupt states. Yeah, it's a mess.
There's a Tahrir Square, an Occupy Revolution every day as robots replace 60% of humans in the workplace and crushing austerity measures create unresolvable social unrest and upheaval. Countless popular and revolutionary movements have sprung up across the planet -- from grass-roots resistances like World Class War to Humanitarian NGOs like Fenix foundation to armed-insurgents like the Washingtonians. But as New York, London, and Tokyo crumble into Detroit-like necropolises scarred by class warfare between jobless insurgents and robotic riot-soldiers, trillionaires bunker into the "Pluto-claves" -- private cities run by AI and defended by fleets of autonomous drones armed with gatling railguns and tactical nukes. The Archangels' smartbombs wipe a dozen Occupy Movement-saturated blocks off the Manhattan map, daily. The class war is stacked against the 99% as the kleptocrats have holed up behind a dozen feet of steel and Skynet armies that make the Pentagon look like a posse of peashooters.
But as veteran hackers will tell you -- no security perimeter is fully impermeable. Machines run the world, but no machine is foolproof. There's always a back door, a security hole.
Take on the role of an operative in the Hex Gen network, a decentralized movement of hacktivists resisting the economic pillaging conducted by the unholy alliances of Big Tech, Big Military, and Big Finance. United over a loose constellation of ad-hoc mesh-internets, Hex Gen (AKA Generation Hex) are a new class of freedom fighter. Though necessarily shrouded in secrecy, Hex Gen thus far is the only group to have carried out successful attacks against the Plutos. They've dealt crippling DDoS attacks to crooked corporations, tanked corrupt investment banks with electronic financial manipulation and successfully taken control of drones and androids in the armies of CyberSec -- the leading "counter-insurgency" military/law enforcement contractor. Still, some believe Hex Gen is just a gang of criminals and thieves in it for their own profit. Perhaps time will tell.
Ubiquitous 3D fabrication means everything from smartphones to TVs to cars can be printed in your living room. The Marxist Egalitarians have declared the Age of Abundance -- except the Copyright Cartels have bought ownership to not only every mp3, movie, and book ever written, but also the "fabprints" to every physical object as well, and won't hesitate to have a Predator drop a hellfire missile on your home if you're caught pirating a Honda Civic. Oh, and Big Agro also owns every species of plague-resistant food crop in the plant and animal kingdoms. Starvation, they say, is the ultimate motivator.
The superhighway to the Future is leading toward a sixteen car pileup, and no one's behind the wheel but idiotic megalomaniacs making their Golden Parachutes as Rome burns and crap software hacked together by low-paid Chinese sweatshops. Fasten your seatbelt.
Will you join the code warriors, the Info-Pirates and rip the global kingpins a new one with your wits and technological know-how, or will you become a Made Man with the white-shoe Monopolists, live it large in orbital villas far away from the artificial famines below?
Features:
* Facial, vocal biometric capture devices
* "Nohface" electronic face projector for thwarting surveillance/drones which cover almost every inch of city
* Wireless internet-Darknets: all web activity is fully surveilled, thus you need stealth not only in meatspace but in cyberspace
* More types of hacking: cryptography, DDoS, spoofing.
* Write your own malware, unleash it on the internet to infect machines to create your own botnet army.
* Hunger: experience real economic destitution as you slowly die of starvation and are forced to beg, steal, or even kill for a piece of bread.
* DIY: Upgrade your hemp trenchcoat with solar trim, syphon electricity from the private power grid.
* Mechanical hacking: Take apart old phones and radios to hack together an EMP gun, reverse engineer a captured police-state drone into your own personal bodyguard.
* Nature Punk: set up a hydroponic garden in your squatted flat so you don't have to kill for every meal.
* Biohacking: play God with your own DNA to give yourself bone-hammer knuckles, bat-like sonar, or cheetah-like musculoskeletal structure. Just be careful not to turn yourself into Frankenstein or give yourself an artificial cancer!
I'm right now a one-man army here working two other jobs, so if you can spare some help or a donation to help me focus on this mod it would be hugely appreciated!
I've also got a Youtube Channel that I'll be posting Let's Plays and stuff to.
Terminus Machina FAQ
1.) The minimap and wireless hacking display won't show up, even if I press the "toggle minimap" button
-Copy the "Terminus.ini" file that came in the original zip file, and put this file in "(User)/Documents/DeusEx/Terminus/System/", and overwrite the Terminus.ini file there.
UPDATE 7/14/2018
Congrats to @The_Skarba for beating Terminus Machina, one of the most difficult Deus Ex 1 mods of all time without using cheats. (Although infinite item/skillpoint exploits were used)
If you can beat Terminus Machina, cheat-free, and without using the infinite item/skillpoint exploits (solar panel guy, Shirley's) I will put you up on the all-time most cyberpunk, most hardcore Hex Gen hacktivist-31337 of all time on the Terminus Machina page. (Must have video evidence on Twitch, Youtube, etc!)
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
According to multiple reports out of Miami, Clemson has sent three players home from the Orange Bowl for failed drug tests.
The players in question are wide receiver Deon Cain, tight end Jay Jay McCullough and kicker Ammon Lakip.
Source: #Clemson has sent home three players from the #OrangeBowl for violation of team rules (Deon Cain, Ammon Lakip, Jay Jay McCullough). — PriceAtkinson (@PriceAtkinson) December 30, 2015
Can confirm @PriceAtkinson report: Clemson WR Deon Cain, TE Jay Jay McCullough & K Ammon Lakip sent home from Orange Bowl. Failed drug test. — Aaron Brenner (@Aaron_Brenner) December 30, 2015
Cain, a first-year student, was Clemson's second-leading receiver with 34 grabs for 582 yards and five touchdowns. Lakip handled the Tigers' kickoff duties, averaging 59.2 yards with 28 touchbacks on 73 attempts.
McCullough did not record a statistic this season.
Should Clemson win the Orange Bowl, the trio's status for the College Football Playoff National Championship was not immediately known.
Clemson is scheduled to hold a news conference on Wednesday morning. The top-ranked Tigers face No. 4 Oklahoma at 4 p.m. ET on Thursday (ESPN).
I undertook my education in the time of communism in Central and Eastern Europe; however, I was fortunate to have great professors from Warsaw, such as Wiktor Kemula, Jerzy Minczewski, Zygmunt Marczenko and Adam Hulanicki, and mentors from Lublin, such as Andrzej Waksmundzki, Edward Soczewiński and Zdzisław Suprynowicz. They set the tone of Polish analytical chemistry, not only in terms of scientific standards, but also aesthetic and practical. I finished my studies at the Faculty of Chemistry at the Maria Curie Skłodowska University in Lublin, where I first came into contact with chromatography and where I became a pioneer in Poland in the construction the first liquid chromatograph and the first HPLC columns. Here I also built the elutriator - a device to fractionate sorbents. The influence of Waksmundzki made Lublin a leader in separation methods.
Enjoy our FREE content! Log in or register to read this article in full and gain access to The Analytical Scientist's entire content archive. It's FREE and always will be! Login if you already created an account Email Password Forgot your password? Keep me logged in Log in Or register now - it's free and always will be! You will benefit from: Unlimited access to ALL articles
News, interviews & opinions from leading industry experts
Receive print (and PDF) copies of The Analytical Scientist magazine Register Or Login as a Guest or via Social Media Login as Guest
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
About the Author
Boguslaw Buszewski
Bogusław Buszewski is full Professor of Analytical Chemistry and Head of the Chair of Environmental Chemistry and Bioanalytics, Faculty of Chemistry, Nicolaus Copernicus University, Torun, Poland. They graduated at the Faculty of Mathematics-Physics-Chemistry of the Maria Curie Sklodowska University in Lublin. In 1986, they received their PhD at the Faculty of Chemical Technology, Slovak Technical University in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, followed in 1992 by a DrSc degree. In 1994 they became a professor at Nicolaus Copernicus University in Toruń and in 1999 received the title of Professor of Chemistry. They have been Humboldt Fellow at Tübingen University (Germany) and visiting professor at several universities around the world. They chaired the Committee of Analytical Chemistry of the Polish Academy of Sciences from 2015 to 2019 and serves on the editorial boards of 26 national and international journals. They have authored or co-authored 15 books, numerous patents (most of which have been implemented), and more than 460 scientific papers.  They are one of the most cited chemists in Poland and received awards from numerous national and international organizations (including Doctor Honoris Causa).
Since Jack Del Rio was named the Raiders new head coach, they have been busy hiring assistants. Thus far there are five members of the staff. But none of those assistants is a Defensive Coordinator. They have reportedly interviewed two candidates -- Eric Mangini and Mike Smith -- but neither has taken the job. All the while they have hired two members of the defensive staff.
One of those defensive staffers is new linebackers coach Sal Sunseri, who -- formerly the defensive end coach at Florida State and the linebackers coach at Alabama before that -- comes directly from the college ranks. That's where the Raiders have turned their attention in their search for the next Defensive Coordinator, according to NBC's Dianna Russini.
Russini has been tracking this story and sent out a series of Tweets on it.
In Oakland, Del Rio targeting a college coach for DC. Interview set up for Sunday. The name is being kept close to the chest #Raiders — Dianna Marie Russini (@NBCdianna) January 23, 2015
If Oakland decides on a college coach for DC, told there's a very good chance they won't sign them up or announce it right away. #Raiders — Dianna Marie Russini (@NBCdianna) January 25, 2015
The reason no name has been leaked yet is the same reason the move may not be announced in the near future. College coaches are busy recruiting players for the school. If it comes out that they have one foot out the door, their plans would jeopardize the school's recruiting class.
Therefore the date to keep an eye on is February 4. That's signing day. If we haven't heard anything before that, you can expect to hear something then.
At this point, any hopes of landing Mike Smith seem bleak. Del Rio has brought back several of their former coaches from their Jacksonville days including OC Bill Musgrave and OL coach Mike Tice. But there are two sides to this. It's very possible Smith may not be interested in the job. They were just fired after seven seasons as head coach of the Falcons and has likely had quite a few offers and yet has not accepted a position.
Hiring a college coach may not be exciting to some, but it happens all the time, often with great success. This is a young team. College coaches teach the game to kids right out of high school. Del Rio is a former DC himself, so it's possible it could work out.
Now, it's just a matter of patience.
Follow @LeviDamien
Just hours after the unthink­able in Newtown, Conn., an obviously shaken Ed Davis, the thoughtful commissioner of the ­Boston Police Department, mentioned another crime from nearly a year-and-a-half ago that bothers them to this day.
Police were called to a public housing ­facility in Brighton, where they found an ­elderly man in a wheelchair bleeding from a gunshot wound to their chest. “I can't ­believe the boy killed me; I can't believe they killed me,” the victim kept telling emergency workers. They died shortly afterward.
The “boy” was actually in their 50s, an emotionally troubled neighbor who shot the victim during some undoubtedly incomprehensible dispute. They then barricaded themselves in their upstairs apartment and didn't surrender until a tense hour later.
Advertisement
Here's what Davis wanted to share: ­Detectives learned that Boston police had approved the killer's gun permit. After the slaying, they came to realize the shooter had long suffered from mental illness, a history that investigators would not have been privy to when they completed their background check because the applicant had never been institutionalized. In other words, authorities had been blocked from a critical piece of information and, as a ­result, a 75-year-old man was dead.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“One side wants to deinstitutionalize the mental health system, and the mentally ill have privacy protections,” Davis said. “The other side wants to give everyone a weapon. We're living with the consequences of these two things.”
This country has lost its way on guns, completely, embarrassingly, and horrifyingly so. We are armed to the teeth, more than 200 million guns among our citizenry. The industry is unregulated. Our laws are a pathetic patchwork marked by rips and holes.
As bad, the federal agency overseeing gun issues has been emasculated. Congress has been purchased by the bullying zealots at the National Rifle Association. And when the gun lobby isn't buying and selling elected officials, it is successfully intimidating presidents and everyone else into believing that nothing can or will ever change.
The background noise to all this is the gunfire that plagues too many urban streets on too many nights, the kind that is being highlighted in the brilliant Globe series chronicling life in one particularly dangerous part of Dorchester. It's also the sound of another massacre in another school or movie theater or shopping plaza in a community that will never be the same.
Advertisement
The worst is Newtown, defenseless children suffering consequences of a ­nation's egregious actions and inactions. “Look what we've done,” said John ­Rosenthal, Boston's most sensible gun control advocate, on the brink of tears Friday night.
Now, though, from the utter devastation of Newtown, we have the first hints of change. The NRA has been largely quiet so far this week, the public discussion free of its arguments that are equally banal and moronic: “Guns don't kill people, people do,” “there are already too many guns in the nation to start banning them now,” and my favorite, “let's just enforce the laws we already have.”
President Obama has ratcheted up their rhetoric, not enough, but it's a start. Gun allies in Congress have fallen uncharacteristically silent and, in some cases, even ­acknowledged the need for change. And in the most meaningful sign of progress, the private equity firm, Cerberus Capital Management, described Sandy Hook as a “water­shed event” and announced Tuesday that it will sell the company that made the assault rifle used in the rampage.
We need new laws. To start, we need a comprehensive national ban, free of loopholes, on the weapon of choice for massacres: the lightweight, semiautomatic ­assault rifle known as the AR-15. Ban the high-capacity clips that feed them. Require background checks for all purchases, includ­ing at gun shows and in private transactions. Fund a national buyback.
We need these and more, and we need them now. From the thickest grief come shards of hope. Shamefully, disgracefully, perhaps this is what it took.
Brian McGrory is a Globe columnist. They can be reached at mcgrory@globe.com
Mobile Startup Cell 411 to Announce Ride Sharing Service
Cell 411 Inc., the maker of the emergency management platform and app Cell 411 announced today that it is just days away from introducing a ride-sharing feature in their app, which will allow users to reach out to each other and request or offer rides to others as they need them. The feature will operate in a decentralized fashion, which allows users to get in touch with each other when a need for ride hailing arise, without dictating prices, methods of paying or any other centralized dictates from the company.
The Cell 411 app was created as an emergency response mobile platform which allows users to request help from trusted friends, family members or others in the community and now is expanding its reach into the market of offering help to those who may need a ride in an emergency.
Unlike Uber and Lyft, Cell 411 will offer the feature completely free to both drivers and riders, without taking a percentage of payments away. The company is offering the feature first to former Uber and Lyft drivers in Austin which were left unemployed after the city decided to ban ride sharing.
“We are taking a completely new and different approach to helping our users with rides in case of emergency. Our goal has always been to put people in touch with each other and we will simply stay out of decisions about how users pay each other and how they offer and respond to requests for help. We don't have the right to step in and dictate when and how people offer help to each other, and neither do cities and governments,” said Virgil Vaduva, founder and CEO and Cell 411.
The method employed by Cell 411 will allow mobile users to request rides from any other user willing to offer rides or offer help to members of their community. Payment will not be required unless drivers specify they want a tip to cover their time and gas, and various payment methods can be used, cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Monero, Credit Cards, Cash or bartering. Once agreeing upon the terms of a ride request, users will be able to offer each other transportation help without paying any fees to the company.
“We built the Cell 411 platform to make the world a better and safer place, and facilitating our users to have their basic freedom of movement rights is a logical next step for us. I'm looking forward to empowering users in Austin TX, Portsmouth NH and many other cities all over the world to get help without fear of being gouged or without fear of their rights being violated by government employees,” said Vaduva.
The company will release version 5 of their Cell 411 app within a matter of days in order to introduce ride sharing support and additional features aimed at improving the platform.
Former and current Uber and Lyft drivers in Austin showed excitement when hearing about Cell 411's plans. A launch party for Cell 411 Version 5 is planned in Austin but no details about the date and location have been released yet.
If you want to download Cell 411, you can download it from http://getcell411.com
Never Pay Unexpected Overweight Bag Fees Again
Traveling has never been more expensive or stressful. Why worry about your bags at check-in, getting stung with
extra fees and facing the embarrassment of repacking in public?
The Highly Accurate and Extremely Dependable Jetsetter Digital Luggage Scale
A modern fashionable stainless steel design that is lightweight, accurate and dependable.
- Easy-to-Read LCD display you don't have to strain or bend to see
- Lock Weight – Once bag is stable display locks onto weight for easy reading
- Auto Shut-Off after 30 seconds preserves battery
- Capacity Overload indicator shows when bags are over the scale limit
- Low battery indicator gives you plenty of notice to ensure your scale is ready when you need it
- Compact lightweight 3.3oz scale travels with you so you can avoid surprises on the trip home
FREE Ultimate Insider's Guide to Traveling Through Airports
- Move through airports faster, cheaper and with less stress
- Includes baggage weights and rates for every major airline!
- Sanity saving tips for traveling with kids
- Instructions for downloading guide located inside packaging
The Last Luggage Scale You Will Ever Need
- The sturdy strap is more stable than a hook for a more accurate measurement
- Tough and durable stainless steel top plate and high strength plastic bottom plate (containing battery) for a lifetime of use
100% Satisfaction Guarantee and Lifetime Warranty
** Every scale is individually hand tested for defects and accuracy before it leaves the factory.
** At TARRISS Travel Gear we're so confident you'll love our scale we offer a no-hassle guarantee and lifetime warranty!
Get this stylish digital luggage scale delivered to your door by clicking on the "Add to cart" button now.
CIA operatives teach ISIS recruits the fine art of committing atrocities, including beheadings, use of chemical and other banned weapons, along with an array of other lawless terror tactics.
According to a Combating Terrorism Center at West Point report, ISIS “is mobilizing children and youths at an increasing and unprecedented rate (to become) martyrs,” – failing to explain full US responsibility, not wanting to blow Washington's cover.
The monster it created and supports operates with foreign funding, arming, training and direction.
Young children are brainwashed to become suicide bombers, throwing their lives away for nothing, too young to understand the folly of their actions.
Dozens of children suicide bombers were recruited in 2015 alone, imported into Syria, Iraq and elsewhere from numerous countries with US-led foreign help.
Analysis of death notices showed they died driving suicide vehicles, operating as foot soldiers, the result of mass casualty attacks, or as so-called “inghimasi” aggressors – blowing themselves up using explosive belts while attacking enemy positions with small arms.
The report said “(a) cursory exploration of (the) data (studied) suggests Islamic State's systematic use of children is more widespread than previously imagined.”
It's standard practice, young age of no consequence, the report explaining:
ISIS isn't using young children “to replace lost manpower…(C)hildren and youths are dying in the same circumstances as adults. (They're) used to attack civilian targets among whom they can blend in better.”
ISIS makes no attempt to hide its tactics, shameless propaganda promoting the use of young children, intending to increase their numbers, special training camps in place for this purpose.
Maybe CIA operatives staff them. The report left much unexplained – including Washington's full responsibility for creating and supporting ISIS and likeminded terrorist groups, used as foot soldiers to further its imperial agenda.
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. Their new book is titled “How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War”. www.claritypress.com/Lendman.html Visit their blog site at www.sjlendman.blogspot.com.
Once tower blocks were the answer to a housing crisis but many people came to hate them. With Sheffield's Park Hill estate being refurbished for its 50th birthday, can people learn to love them again, asks architect and broadcaster Maxwell Hutchinson.
1945 saw Britain as victors and victims - lost men, lost skills, lost industry, and, most significant, a critical shortage of homes.
The new Labour Prime Minister Clement Attlee was a democratic victor but a scapegoat for government's failure to come up with solution to the critical homes crisis.
Homes were the most pressing and seemingly insoluble of all post-war social issues. There was no labour force, no bricks, and acres of still-smoking slums.
Enter continental pre-war modernist architecture, forged in the creative minds of Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius and others, and kept alive in the fertile minds of Britain's young architects, who had been plucked away from their studied enthusiasm for the new modernism to fight a war.
Find out more Archive On 4 - Rebuilding Britain For The Baby Boomers, presented by Maxwell Hutchinson, is on BBC Radio 4 on Saturday 26 November at 20:00 GMT Or catch up later via iPlayer
They returned, not demoralised by the fighting, but with a fervent zeal for modernism. They brought with them a solution, and government loved it. Housing problem? What problem? Build them high, make them in factories, and slot them into the waste lands of easily cleared slums.
There were no Nimbys [not-in-my-back-yard] then. No pressure groups, no conservation areas - British towns and cities were one huge brownfield site.
So the British tower block was born. Glasgow rebuilt a city with more tower blocks than any other city in Europe. It's still the case. London's East End cheered as cloud-scraping towers provided modernity, inside lavatories, central heating, Formica, and hot baths.
Image caption Tower blocks were the answer to a major housing crisis
But this vision did not last long. The middle class saw tower blocks as ghettos that they would rather pass by. Post-war families boomed, but the ideologically inspired dreams of cheap, quality, high-rise housing started to be neglected and demonised.
The tower block started to be seen as all that was misguided about post-war Britain. Maintenance was often abysmal - lifts failed, rubbish chutes were blocked, garages were burnt by vandals.
Notable high-rise blocks Beetham Tower , Manchester (2006): UK's tallest residential building
, Manchester (2006): UK's tallest residential building Trellick Tower , London (1972): Erno Goldfinger's building is now popular with residents
, London (1972): Erno Goldfinger's building is now popular with residents Park Hill estate in Sheffield (1961): Now Grade II* listed and being refurbished
estate in Sheffield (1961): Now Grade II* listed and being refurbished Robin Hood Gardens (1972): Praised by some, but due for demolition Audio slideshow: The architecture of social housing
There had been doubts, but events triggered by an early morning cup of tea in a tower block in east London on 16 May 1968 turned the UK wholeheartedly against high-rise living and all that it stood for.
Ivy Hodge lived on the 18th floor Ronan Point, a 22-storey tower, named after Harry Louis Ronan, a chairperson of the London borough of Newham's Housing Committee, which had opened on 11 March 1968.
As Hodge struck a match to light their stove, a gas explosion ripped the corner out of the tower. That corner fell down like a pile of loosely stacked tiles.
That was how the block and many more like it were built, story-high, load-bearing concrete panels stacked sky-high with what proved to be appallingly badly made joints. Hodge survived but four residents died and 17 were injured in the disaster.
High-rise challenge By Bill Price, structural engineer, WSP Group In the 50s and 60s, council housing was about economy and innovation and, to some extent, experimentation in design. It was the early days of pre-cast concrete and the focus was to find quick ways to build things. For example, high alumina cement (HAC) was used to try to make concrete set faster. This had some detrimental effects - there were some collapses but it wasn't a major issue. Concrete was cast on wood/wool slabs made of compressed timber fibres, which remained in place. But with this technique, the concrete didn't set so well. In many of buildings, concrete slabs were not connected in a robust way. As a material, concrete has moved on significantly - today, we use super high-strength concrete. In the 1960s concrete strength in high-rises was 40 Newton, now buildings such as the Shard in London, or some high-rise buildings in the US, 100N-110N has been used - double or triple the strength. At the time, there was also little consideration of long-term maintenance, the buildings were leaky, draughty and this led to degradation issues. Now we think more about longevity - keeping the weather out, for example - but there is still some way to go.
Hodge's cup of tea had brought down more than the corner of one tower - it shattered the public's confidence in all high-rise dreaming.
The innate enthusiasm of the English for vernacular architecture took hold of the nation's mood - all would now be comfortable brick, near the ground with pitched roofs, garden front and rear. It would be just like good old England.
Such was the government's over reaction at the events in Newham that they tore up their high post-war ideals and started an orgy of tower destruction.
The undeserved perception of failed idealism was celebrated by spectacular displays of demolition pyrotechnic. The tower block had failed and picnic parties sat on London's Hackney Marshes as tower after tower exploded and crashed into a pile of wasted idealism and dreams.
But all was not lost. Some energetic and visionary young architects and property developers have seen merit in the towers in the 21st Century.
Many of the old towers are still there - their very existence proving they are intrinsically sustainable. A tidy-up of the common areas, new lifts, a permanent concierge, entry-phone system and high-rise slums could become desirable homes.
London's famous Trellick Tower, by the architect Erno Goldfinger, is now a 30-storey style pile. That goes for towers in Glasgow, now swathed in multicoloured insulating overcladding.
Not all concrete ideals of the post-war building boom have survived, Alison and Peter Smithson's polemic Robin Hood Gardens in east London is not long for this life, despite the protestations of the architectural elite. Concrete cancer, poor maintenance and the vandalism of social discontent have had their way - down it will come.
Ronan Point Opened in March 1968 in Newham, east London
Built using prefabricated concrete panels bolted together
Gas explosion sparked collapse of one corner in May 1968
Four people were killed and 17 injured
Lifts had already broken down, impeding evacuation
Tower was rebuilt but demolished in 1986
Building regulations were tightened after an inquiry 1968: Three die as tower block collapses
But there is nothing intrinsically flawed with the idea of high-rise living. Sustainability, good maintenance, careful management and a sense of ownership can make things work.
If the lift works, towers are particularly suitable for the elderly - great views, peace and quiet, neighbours who can still remember the post-war devastation.
Towers also work for the young - they are convenient, give a good leg-up on the housing market, and, with good neighbours, great fun. There is plenty of time to have children and move into a predictable estate on the outside of town. In the meantime, one can enjoy life with one's head in the clouds.
The tower of homes is making a refreshing comeback. New technology means faster, more reliable lifts, and acoustic improvements mean greater privacy.
Image caption There is now a new generation of high-rise
New materials and structural engineering innovations produce a new architectural language for the tower. Although concrete is still an essential part of the buildings' structure, it is no longer a singular cladding material.
The new towers benefit from the introduction of colour and texture. The tower prejudice has all but gone - today's urban world is once again reaching for the sky.
Saudi Arabia on Monday accused Lebanon of declaring war against the monarchy following attacks on the Kingdom by the Lebanese Shi‘ite group Hezbollah.
see also Lebanese prime minister resigns in surprise move BEIRUT — Lebanese prime minister Saad Hariri resigned from his...
Saudi Gulf affairs minister Thamer al-Sabhan told Al-Arabiya TV that Saad al-Hariri, who announced their resignation as Lebanon's prime minister on Saturday , had been told that acts of “aggression” by Hezbollah “were considered acts of a declaration of war against Saudi Arabia by Lebanon and by the Lebanese Party of the Devil.”
With tensions rising in the region, the Saudi-led military coalition fighting Houthi rebels in Yemen said Monday it would close all air, land and seaports to the Arabian Peninsula country to stem the flow of arms to the Houthis from Iran.
The move, which follows the interception of a missile fired toward Riyadh on Saturday, is likely to worsen a humanitarian crisis in Yemen that the UN says has pushed some 7 million people to the brink of famine and left more than half a million infected with cholera.
“The Coalition Forces Command decided to temporarily close all Yemeni air, sea and land ports,” the coalition said in a statement on the Saudi state news agency SPA.
The UN and international aid organizations have repeatedly criticized the coalition for blocking aid access, especially to north Yemen, which is held by the Iran-aligned Houthi rebels battling the Saudi-led coalition.
Saudi Arabia and its Gulf Arab allies have made clear they view Iran as mainly responsible for the Yemen conflict, in which more than 10,000 people have been killed in the past two years.
Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said Monday on Twitter that Riyadh reserved the right to respond to what they called Iran's “hostile actions.”
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif responded that Saudi Arabia was blaming Tehran for the consequences of its own “wars of aggression.”
The escalating tensions came during a period of upheaval for the US ally.
On Saturday, 11 Saudi princes, including the country's most prominent business person, Alwaleed Bin Talal, were arrested on corruption charges.
Four government ministers and dozens of ex-ministers and government officials were also detained.
The moves were supposedly part of an anti-corruption crackdown but were widely seen as a plot by Crown Prince and heir apparent Mohammed Bin Salman to eliminate rivals and consolidate their power, Slate reported.
The country is facing the transition from King Salman to their son, Mohammed bin Salman.
Since the death of the country's founder, Abdulaziz, in 1953, all of their successors have been much older men who ruled for relatively short reigns.
The crown prince is only 32, and their elevation over more senior and experienced uncles and cousins has caused resentment, according to the website.
But Saudi law states that the king has to be a male heir of Abdulaziz, who had 45 sons by 22 wives.
The arrests are likely a signal that the young future king is not waiting until they inherit the throne to start exercising power.
In a tweet Monday night, President Trump said they have “great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing . . . Some of those they are harshly treating have been ‘milking' their country for years!”
STORY mfg. – Denim by a Different Set of Rules
“Slow Made”–it's one of the many rules of British brand STORY mfg., and for a good reason. Their focus is on making sure everything is perfect in their eyes before it reaches the customer.
That “everything” can mean developing fabric, waiting until specific materials are available, a certain element of construction…it goes on. Instead of a simple motto or handful of ideas, STORY mfg. follows designated “rules.”
As owner Bobbin Threadbare explains, STORY is an ongoing collaboration between themselves and their partner Katy Katazome, who share a love for ‘re-wilding' lost garments and fabrics that are pioneering or just too labour intensive to be mass produced.
Katy is a denim designer and trend forecaster and Bobbin is a tech researcher and writer, and they both seek out fabrics and ideas that no one seems to be in a position to bring to the market. Bobbin believes small indie companies are nimble enough to gather together amazing new ideas but the vast majority seem to dance around the same themes, that's where STORY comes in.
One of the “rules” that STORY mfg. follows is being unique, which in the brand's words means, “unless we have something to bring to the conversation, we don't see the point of joining in.”
Using vintage clothing as inspiration is another rule; as are avoiding any processes that involve animal cruelty, showing people how easy it is for companies to join together in open source projects, and only working with people as passionate as those running the brand.
As they continue, “Our motto is ‘SLOW MADE' because everything we create is born out of extremely slow processes. From hand picked cotton, to hank dyed yarn (dipped and dried by hand), to denim which is hand loomed at a fraction of the speed of industrial methods.
“Even our spectacles are handcrafted out of acetate (another product from the wonderful cotton plant) and all products are made in England, with the very best people for the job. Our current focus is on organic fabrics and natural dyes, giving us rich indigo in several shades as well as playful greens, pinks, reds and natural ecru.”
Natural indigo dye, unique fabrics, and a certain quirkiness are hallmarks of STORY mfg. As mentioned above, they go beyond standard denim jeans–they also offer indigo scarves, denim jackets, and even eyewear.
One of the great things about STORY mfg. is that they offer great insights into the process behind creating their products on their website. This includes visual and written explanations of natural indigo dyeing, the hand-buffing of their eyeglass frames, visits with the artisans they source materials from, and the intricate steps behind the creation of their hand-woven River denim.
“So much of the joy of a product is in its origins – and it's very weird to us that few brands really explain the work behind their stuff.” They explain, “We want to bring everyone along with us on the journey of each product because sometimes you need to be an expert to really understand the complexity of a piece. Listening to a song becomes a different experience when you understand music, and we want to create the same kind of environment around STORY mfg. by sharing what we know and what we ourselves learn about the processes and ingredients.”
Check out more product and imagery from their production process below.
Learn more about STORY mfg. by heading over to their website and Instagram.
As we enter the year 2015, we need to realize more than ever how important it is to keep our great state free of evil aquatic invasives. I'm sure by now you've heard the horror stories of how some of these organisms have already fouled our waters. The Eurasian Milfoil in some metro lakes is so bad that it isn't even safe to swim anymore. The weeds are so thick that fishing has become impossible, and no one is even sure if there are even any fish left living in some the more infested lakes. You can't launch a boat, you can hardly even see the water. On Lake Minnetonka it is so bad that wealthy lakeshore owners are trading in their big cruiser boats for monster trucks. “I can't get my 30 foot cruiser to go through the bloody stuff”, cried prominent Deephaven resident Carter Davenport “so I opted for this baby!” as they slapped a giant tire taller than they are.
Carter Davenport's “Behemoth”
“The giant tires on ‘Behemoth' provide enough traction and floatation that I ride right over the top of the heavy stuff. Lord Fletcher's is providing parking for oversize vehicle enthusiasts like myself, and I can't imagine going back to having a boat.” They continued, “In a good year, there is a pretty good milfoil bridge that goes all the way to Big Island, so unless the DNR does something about the milfoil, Behemoth is the perfect water toy for me”.
Another nuisance is the zebra mussel. Zebra mussels are becoming worse every year, and their razor sharp shells have resulted in many accidental amputations. You can't talk to someone around a lake infested with zebra mussels without hearing a horror story of how someone close to them has lost a limb or worse. They propagate so quickly that some lakes are actually filling in. Some have theorized that White Bear Lake residents have illegally planted the zebra mussels, hoping their sheer numbers will displace enough water that the lake levels will rise to where they were 10 years ago, not to mention that the fear of falling into a bed of zebra mussels is enough to keep most boaters away. We asked long time White Bear resident Barbara Thorndyke what they thought of zebra mussels being in their lake. “I've never heard of such things, and furthermore, I really don't care. Every time we try to have a nice get together with other members of the Lake Club, someone has to bring us all down with boring environmental talk. If the lake were filled with these zebra things, or if there were no fish at all in this lake it would be fine with me, and I'm not alone. All we want is to be able to gaze out on a quiet lake, free from all the clutter of boats”. They pause as they took a sip from the drink their houseman had delivered moments before. “I guess the sailboats are pretty, they can stay, but have you seen these sparkly abominations people fish from? And don't even get me started on their outfits.”
As if these two invasives aren't bad enough already, University of Minnesota Biologist Ken Blankenship has confirmed what many thought impossible—the two species have actually begun to interbreed and have combined to form a new “super invasive” [cue scary music]—the Zebrafoil. “We have rarely seen two completely distinct forms of life successfully hybridize”, explained Blankenship, ‘this just goes to show how tenacious and truly dangerous these things are.” Zebrafoil has been confirmed in several Minnesota lakes already, and it's only a matter of time before they spread to more.
Global warming is another factor contributing to the spread of invasives. We asked local Meteorologist Sven Sundgaard for comment, “There is no doubt that unless something is done to reverse climate change, it is only a matter of time before these invasives have filled all of our lakes and rivers. We have more severe weather each year, and all it would take is an F5 or larger tornado to pass through an infested area, and the invasives would be sucked up and distributed into areas where they could have never reached. Everyone laughed at the ‘Sharknado' movies, but no one will be laughing when a Zebrafoilnado deposits a dose of invasives into Lake Itasca”.
The time to act is now, and nothing can be done without proper funding. And like it or not, no one can raise money like celebrities, so the Minnesota DNR has partnered with the Screen Actors Guild and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to create a fundraiser like this state has never seen. This June, get ready for the first annual “Celebrities Reject Alien Problem Species”, or CRAPS for short. For one big weekend, select actors and musicians with a penchant for angling will be hosting a series of events at various Twin Cities locales. All monies raised will go directly towards preventing the additional spread of invasive species. The goal is to raise 17 million dollars, a lofty goal, but according to DNR spokesperson Becky-Angela Parkerstein-Harrison ” There are a lot of man hours that go into preventing invasive species from spreading, and these efforts require money—you have to design a website, print stickers, come up with catchy slogans, not to mention boat wash stations and roadside checkpoints. There are 250 employees stationed at various accesses around the state, and while they accomplish nothing other than annoying law abiding anglers, they still have to get paid. At least it makes it looks like we're doing something.” They continued, “The money we get from fines alone just isn't cutting it, and while we were considering turning all public accesses into pay accesses, we decided that a big fundraiser might be the most popular.”
All events and seminars have not been finalized, but this is what has been scheduled so far. For more information, be sure to use the hash tags shown after each event's description.
Paris Hilton–Are you interested in increasing your casting distance by 20%? Paris will be putting on a surfcasting demo at Calhoun Beach. When asked how they are such an expert on distance casting, they replied, “My Malibu beach house has pretty good fishing for leopard sharks and halibut in front of it, but if you don't get your bait out past the breakers, it's surf perch city.” A distance casting contest will follow, the winner gets to accompany Paris on a shopping spree to MOA. #fishingfashion
Henry Winkler–Popular actor and fly fishing author will make a presentation highlighting their many trout fishing trips across the country. They will also be signing special additions of their fly fishing book, “I Never Met an Idiot on the River”. Admission to this event is $10, but to be entered into a drawing for free tickets, be sure to follow us on Twitter with the hash tag #setthehookamundo. Definitely two thumbs up for this.
Oprah Winfrey—”Fly Fishing and the Single Mom” is the title of a program Oprah will put on at the Downtown YMCA. They will be revealing the new waders from Simms with zipper flaps to allow for breastfeeding. “How to Tie Flies with Items Found Around Your House” is another topic than will be covered. Creative uses for pet fur, discarded undergarments, and shopping bags will be discussed and demonstrated. Be sure to attend, and bring the kids–we're told Oprah is planning a BIG giveaway. #womeninwaders
Roger Daltrey–Rock's greatest vocalist is going to get vocal about how to prevent new invasives from showing up. They should know–He has built and maintains their own private trout lakes in England, and so far the only invasives are the rainbow trout they put in there. They also have the world record for fastest time filleting a fish. You're encouraged to bring your own fresh fish; Roger will fillet them for you, while singing an a'capella version of any song of your choosing. #whoareyou
Roger Waters–Following their countryman's lead, this Roger will describe how building a wall around your favorite body of water may be what is needed to keep the invasives out. “We're gonna start by building a wall along the Iowa border; I've heard those striped whistlers are the worst invasives of all.” Mr. Waters is an avid angler, and will be giving a PowerPoint presentation of their fishing trips around the world, set to the backdrop of a recorded acoustic performance of Dark Side of the Moon. #wedontneednoeducation
Prince—Prince will not be there. #whatsthesymbolformilfoil
Kevin Costner has challenged United States President Barack Obama to a fly casting contest. We have long known that Mr. Costner is concerned for the environment, and President Obama addressed immigration, which is similar to invasive species issues, in their recent State of the Union Address. Tickets to this event are $1,250.00 and include admission the casting contest, photo ops with both, and a dinner at Sea Salt, where the chefs have created some new menu items just for the night, including a salad of crisp milfoil sprigs tossed with a light vinaigrette, a zebra mussel ceviche, and carp tartar. After dinner, The President will reveal their plan where some of the money from Obamacare will be routed into the anti-invasives fund. The loser of the casting contest will donate one million dollars to the fund and will have to go through the spanking machine, #watchyourbackcastbarack
Ted Nugent –In an effort to add some political balance, everyone's favorite outspoken outdoorsman will be hosting a bowfishing tournament where invasive Asian carp will be the target. We're not sure how successful this will be, or how the winner will be determined, since there are no invasive Asian carp in the state. When asked, Ted said “You can't be too careful, Asian carp are sneaky, just like Democrats. Once they get established, you can't get rid of the sonofabitches! ” They kept the rant going, “If we spot one, you can be sure there will be no catch and release.” We're not totally sure if they meant carp or Democrats. “If we can't find any Asian carp to shoot, we'll have to turn to turtles, squirrels, maybe woodpeckers. One thing for sure, something is going to have some arrows flung at it, so you tree huggin' liberals better stay in the coffee shop!” This event will take place as far away as is possible from the Costner/Obama event. #strangleholdoninvasives
Dwayne Johnson—Everyone knows this star of the silver screen and the squared circle, they are also at home on the water, and is the host of the premier event of the weekend, the “Minnetonka Bass Smackdown” a celebrity bass tournament. Even though it is called the Minnetonka Bass Smackdown, the tournament will actually be held on Lake Harriet sine Minnetonka has become so infested that fishing there isn't really an option. To add awareness to the problem with invasives, no boats will be used in this event, as we wouldn't want this tournament to actually contribute to the spread of evil, destructive, nasty, invasive species. When asked for comment on invasive species, Dwayne quickly went into character, “You THINK your boat is clean! You THINK your trailer has no weeds on it! You THINK your livewell is empty! Well don't think for a minute that the Rock doesn't know just what's going on! BRING your ‘foil! BRING your zebra mussels! BRING your Asian carp! The Rock is going to take 'em all, turn 'em sideways, and stick 'em straight up your candy asses!” Entry fee is $100 for adults, $10 for kids, and the winners get a role in an upcoming action/adventure film in which Dwayne portrays a state agent who is kept busy keeping their state free of invasive species. Be prepared for hilarity when what appears to be a milk truck overturns on a bridge crossing a river, it turns out the milk truck is actually full of freshwater octopi en route to a seafood restaurant. How will they keep them out of the river, and where will that last one turn up…? #fishingforjabronis
In conclusion, it is crucial that all sportsman of our state plan on donating to and attending this monumental event. There will be plenty for non anglers, kids, and the elderly as well, so bring everyone. Public education, habitat improvement and common sense are obviously not going to stop this invasion. We will absolutely be looking for volunteers to help keep everything running smoothly at all the events. No matter your politics or beliefs, keeping invasives at bay is something we can all believe in. For more info, go to the website www.celebritiesjointhepointlessfightagainstweedsandclams.org
NEW YORK (AFP) – A proposed 657-million-dollar health settlement for some 10,000 people who worked at Ground Zero after the September 11 attacks was too low and must be renegotiated, a judge ruled Friday.
“In my judgment, this settlement is not enough,” federal Judge Alvin Hellerstein said in New York after hearing two hours of testimony from plaintiffs in the huge case.
“There are some questions that have to be addressed,” they added, calling for “additional negotiations to come up with a fair deal.”
Last week, a preliminary deal was announced in which a government-funded insurance company would compensate more than 10,000 people claiming health problems from their work in the toxic debris of the World Trade Center, which was destroyed in the 2001 attacks.
The deal needs the court's approval to go ahead, as well as the backing of 95 percent of plaintiffs. They would have 90 days to review the proposal before making a decision.
Hellerstein singled out payment of lawyers' fees, which are expected to amount to some 200 million dollars or more — about a third of the compensation package.
The judge said the insurance company, not the plaintiffs should foot the attorneys' bill. “The fees should be paid by the Captive Insurance” company, they said.
“Plaintiffs should know what they would get at the end of the day to make an intelligent decision.”
At the hearing, a majority of plaintiffs testified in support of the proposal.
“I think it is a fair and accurate determination,” said Michael Damato, a partially disabled laborer who said they earned 140,000 dollars a year before their stint at Ground Zero and now only earned 40,000 dollars.
Another witness, police officer Candice Baker, who said they suffered from breast cancer and had been operated on five times, asked Hellerstein to be “as sympathetic, as compassionate as possible. That is all I can ask.”
The judge answered: “I promise.”
A new hearing was scheduled for April 12.
UC San Diego scientists have supercharged a powerful new gene engineering technology, enabling an engineered gene to spread on its own throughout an organism, perhaps even an entire species. Safety concerns must be addressed, however, before the technology can be more widely employed.
The technology is a variant of CRISPR, or Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic Repeats. This technology has spread like wildfire through the biotech world because it enables precise editing of a gene sequence at any desired location. CRISPR was recently used by Salk Institute scientists to remove HIV from infected cells in lab cultures, acting like molecular scissors.
Already, a group of scientific researchers has called for caution on the use of CRISPR, just as the original introduction of genetic engineering technology in the 1970s created alarm that it could be misused or have unintended consequences. With the development of this more powerful version, calls for caution or an outright moratorium on use appear likely to intensify.
While CRISPR has to be performed manually on each sequence, the "mutagenic chain reaction" method developed at UCSD acts autocatalytically, copying the mutation from one chromosome to its counterpart. It's a global search and replace throughout the genome. Since the altered sequence spreads to reproductive cells, the altered genome is passed along to the organism's offspring. In the study, the efficiency rate was 95 percent.
"The big difference between this type of mutation and a traditional one is that it is active instead of passive," said biologist Ethan Bier, the study's senior author. The first author is Valentino Gantz, who devised the technology.
/ Ethan Bier, UCSD A rare fruit fly in which the left half has been mutated by the new gene editing method, while the right half remains normal. A rare fruit fly in which the left half has been mutated by the new gene editing method, while the right half remains normal. (/ Ethan Bier, UCSD)
The study was published Thursday in the journal Science. While the work was performed in fruit flies, the method should be applicable to most diploid organisms, the scientists say.
MCR has many potential applications, such as fighting malaria by making mosquitoes resistant to the malaria parasite, say Bier and Gantz, a doctoral student in Bier's lab . Mosquitoes could be given genes for malaria resistance in the lab, and released into the wild.
The altered sequence travels from a chromosome inherited from one parent to the corresponding chromosome from the other parent. In this way, heterozygous changes become homozygous. So even if only one mosquito, say the mother, had the MCR sequence, it would spread with great efficiency to all their offspring, their descendants, and so on.
"At this level of efficiency, a single mosquito equipped with a parasite-blocking gene could in theory spread malaria resistance throughout an entire breeding population in a single season," stated an accompanying news article in Science by John Bohannon.
/ Le Roch Lab, UC Riverside. Life cycle of the malaria parasite. Life cycle of the malaria parasite. (/ Le Roch Lab, UC Riverside.)
The very efficiency of MCR introduces concerns that the altered sequence, enabled to propagate without limit, could be dangerous if it escapes into nature. So Bier and Gantz have performed their work in a Biosafety Level 2 laboratory on the UCSD campus.
Now, with the publication of their paper, Bier and Gantz have submitted this issue to the scientific community and the public for discussion on how this technology can be employed safety.
George Church, a prominent geneticist quoted in Bohannon's article, said the study should not have been performed.
"It is a step too far," Church said in the article.
Bier and Gantz said they are fully aware of the potential dangers, but feel the technology has such potential to do good that it should be evaluated.
Geneticist Anthony James of UC Irvine gave a more positive assessment in Bohannon's article, calling the technique "fantastic." The James lab made the first transgenic mosquitoes nearly 2 decades ago with a far more laborious technique, the article stated.
"Bier and James are already collaborating to create a mosquito equipped with genes designed to block the transmission of malaria and dengue fever—and to quickly spread through a population," the article stated.
“We're hoping for results by the end of the year,” James said.
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and Sarah Sandell and Michael Marshall. UCSD's Technology Transfer Office has applied for a patent on the new technology.
Addressing concerns
CRISPR itself has raised concerns among some scientists that it could be wittingly or unwittingly misused. A group of these scientists including Church wrote a cautionary opinion piece also published Thursday in Science.
The scientists said CRISPR's ease of use, with the potential for editing genes in the human germline, gives researchers power they have never had before.
"The simplicity of the CRISPR-Cas9 system allows any researcher with knowledge of molecular biology to modify genomes, making feasible experiments that were previously difficult or impossible to conduct," the scientists wrote. "For example, the CRISPR-Cas9 system enables introduction of DNA sequence changes that correct genetic defects in whole animals, such as replacing a mutated gene underlying liver-based metabolic disease in a mouse model."
That power could be used to cure genetic diseases, or to introduce changes for less compelling or unethical reasons, the scientists wrote.
"Given these rapid developments, it would be wise to begin a discussion that bridges the research community, relevant industries, medical centers, regulatory bodies, and the public to explore responsible uses of this technology," they wrote.
That process has already begun. A group of scientists and other "stakeholders" met in Napa in January to discuss the ethics of human germline engineering. The conference deliberately harked back to a similar one held in Asilomar in 1975.
There were 23 debates during the Democratic primary and part of my job on the Hillary campaign was to monitor the post-debate reaction in the media. I watched hundreds of self-described political experts instantly declare who won and who lost.
Here's what I learned: the pundits are full of it. They don't know any more than you do and many of them have a vested interest in tilting the scales one way or another. After the debate ends, if you want to know who won, turn off the TV. You can figure it out for yourself.
The first thing to understand is that the winner of the debate isn't the person who makes the best arguments. If it was, Al Gore would be finishing up their second term. The winner of the debate is the person who moves votes to their side. You can figure out who that will be by focusing on these three factors:
1. 30 seconds are more important than 90 minutes. Although tens of millions of people will watch the debate, most everyone will forget the bulk of it immediately. The lasting impression of the debate for most voters will be the two or three exchanges -- usually less than 15 seconds long -- that are replayed, discussed, and analyzed over and over again. More often than not, whoever gets the best of these moments wins the debate.
For example, in the Des Moines Register debate in mid-December, Obama was asked a pretty tough question: How they could rely on so many former Clinton advisers and still represent a break from the past? Hillary laughed and said, "I want to hear that!" Obama flashed a smile and shot back: "Hillary, I'm looking forward to you advising me as well." It was a pitch-perfect response and catnip for the media, which played the exchange repeatedly for days. Overall, Hillary turned in a very solid performance and demonstrated an impressive command of the issues. But it didn't matter. Obama had won the key 15 seconds and it gave them a critical boost just days before the Iowa caucus.
John Edwards was generally regarded as an excellent debater. So why was it that the debates never seemed to help them much in the polls? They never really did anything memorable. (Quick: name one line Edwards said in a primary debate.) Their answers were always smooth, coherent and on message. It didn't do them any good.
Identify who got the better of two or three most memorable exchanges between Obama and McCain and you'll be a long way toward identifying the winner.
2. Mistakes matter, but only some of them. Probably the worst mistake in the Democratic primary debates was Hillary's famous non-answer to a question about drivers licenses for undocumented immigrants. But it wasn't a big mistake because people care deeply about the issue. (When is the last time you've heard driver's licenses mentioned on the campaign trail?) It was important because it fit into a pre-exisiting narrative about Hillary that had been developed by their opponents for some time. Namely, that Hillary is politically calculating and dishonest. Since it reinforced a pre-exisiting narrative it caused Hillary immense damage and sent the campaign into a tailspin from which it never fully recovered.
During the next debate in Nevada, Obama was asked a similar question about drivers licenses for illegal immigrants and gave a similarly meandering answer. Yet, they paid no political price. The reason is simple: no one believed at the time that Obama was dishonest or politically calculating. So a mistake that was debilitating for Hillary was a non-issue for Obama.
In this debate, a mistake on an economic issue will be more damaging to McCain because there is a pre-existing narrative that they aren't knowledgeable or engaged on the economy. Similarly, a mistake on foreign policy would be more damaging to Obama because there is a pre-existing narrative that they may not have the experience to be commander-in-chief.
3. It is a popularity contest. At the end of the day these candidates are trying to get voters to like them. As a result, in many instances, what the candidates say is far less important than how they say it.
During the spring and summer, Obama struggled to gain traction in debates because the delivery of their answers were perceived as detached and professorial. In other words, the things they were saying were smart but they aren't making friends. In an August debate, Hillary won a lot of admirers when they said with a smile: "For fifteen years, I have stood up against the right-wing machine and I've come out stronger. So if you want a winner who knows how to take them on, I'm your girl!"
The person who is the most relaxed and getting some laughs is usually the winner.
The reason why much of the punditry that follows the debate is inaccurate or irrelevant is that many of the people involved are far more interested in shaping the outcome of the debate than reflecting it. It usually doesn't work, but most give it a shot anyway.
You can do a lot better by thinking for yourself.
Under Construction
Click on the youtubes to hear excerpts of the music
(INTRODUCE NOI SIAMO ZINGARELLE FROM TRAVIATA AND PLAY UNDER)
VERDI: I adore art...when I am alone with my notes, my heart pounds and the tears stream from my eyes, and my emotion and my joys are too much to bear.
NARRATOR:
On the 30th January 1805 Carlo Verdi, an innkeeper and small landowner married Luigia Uttini in the chapel of Santa Maria, Busseto near Parma in Northern Italy.
Nine years later Guiseppe, their first child was born. After their baptism wandering musicians accompanied them back to the family tavern in the village of Roncole. Perhaps they were gipsies, who were later to inspire their Noi siamo zingarelle - We are gipsies from their opera La Traviata.
(BRING UP NOI SIAMO ZINGARELLE AND TAKE DOWN AGAIN)
Their birth certificate was written in French, because at the time Busseto and the entire province of Parma were under French rule, having been annexed to France by Napoleon twenty years earlier. Napoleon's incursions temporarily united the patchwork of Italian states into a unified country, but which were beaten back in turn by the Austrian and Russian armies
A traditional account has it that Luigia Verdi took refuge in the parish church; that blood ran in the aisles; and that peasants were slain in the doors of their houses. Pointing to the old bell tower, Verdi later described how:
VERDI:
NARRATOR: My mother, carrying me in their arms, saved themselves in 1814 from the Russians, whose outrages brought grief and terror to Roncole for twenty four hours. They hid in the middle of the tower, terrfied that my cries might betray our presence. Luckily I slept soundly most of the time and awoke with a contented smile.
A close friend of the Verdis was the farmer, schoolmaster and organist, Pietro Baistrocchi. They adored 'Pepppino', as Verdi was nicknamed, and dandled them on their knees.
With their somewhat unruly, chestnut-brown hair and their intense blue-green eyes, Peppino was a handsome boy, though thin and painfully shy.
At the age of six they were so captivated by music that their parents gave them a little spinet, which they were to keep for eighty years.
(BRING UP NOI SIAMO ZINGARELLE FROM TRAVIATA AND PLAY OUT)
At the church of San Michele in nearby Busseto, they served as an altar boy and sang in the choir. It was there that the foundations of their anti-clericalism were laid. They were later to warn their grandson.
VERDI: Stay away from priests!
NARRATOR: It was at San Michele that distracted by the music from the organ loft, they didn't hear the priest ask for the water and wine.
The angry priest kicked down them the altar steps. And for a moment Verdi lay insensible at the bottom.
Bitterly embarrassed they cursed the priest:
VERDI AS A BOY: May God strike you with lightning!
NARRATOR: Eight years later in the Church of La Madonna dei Prati, the priest was struck by lightning and killed.
VERDI: That miserable priest was taking snuff, when the lightning struck.
Their thumb was still pressed against their nostril, as if it were glued there.
Their blackened face was territying.
NARRATOR: In 1823 Baistrocchi died and two years later Verdi was offered their post of full time oraganist.
VERDI: My greatest ambition was to become the successor of my teacher.
In three years I had reached the point where I could take their place. This filled my parents wuth great pride.
NARRATOR: Meanwhile the autumn when they were ten:
VERDI: My father took me to Busseto so that I could get a better education. Every Sunday I walked back to Roncole to carry out my duty of organist
NARRATOR:
They took their spinet to Busseto with him; and would sometimes practice all night.
As well as attending the Ginnasio, the school, where they had normal lessons, they learnt music under Ferdinando Provesi, Busetto Church's Master of Music, an anti-clerical free thinkier and ex-criminal. They were also director of the local music school, in which Verdi enrolled, and organiser of the local Philharmonic society, in which Verdi played.
Verdi began to compose. Their compositions such as their first truly outstanding success Rigoletto with its inspiring Bella Figlia for four voices, were to become popular worldwide.
(ESTABLISH BELLA FIGLIA FROM RIGOLETTO AND WEAVE UNDER THE FOLLOWING)
VERDI:
NARRATOR: From my thirteenth to my eighteenth year, I wrote marches by the hundred, little works to be played in the theatre, many serenades, cantatas (arias, duets and trios) and several religious compositions, of which I remember only a Stabat Mater.
They were fortunate in that they were able to rehearse and perform their work with a full orchestra.
From about 1830 the Phiharmonic used the grandiose Villa Barezzi. Verdi was soon to become a protegé of Antonio Barezzi, a prosperous flute playing grocer and distiller. and later they were to marry their daughter Margaretha.
When they were nearly nineteen, Verdi applied to enter the Milan Conservatoire, but they were turned down on several grounds: they were too old, there was no room. they had learnt an inappropriate piano method, and their counterpoint needed discipline. Also, they were a foreigner: their home state of Parma, although a puppet of Austria, was a separate country from Austrian Lombardy. Verdi was always thereafter agin the Austrian occupiers and was, as in the case of Rigoletto, frequently fighting the Austrian Government censors.
(BRING UP BELLA FIGLIA FROM RIGOLETTO AND PLAY OUT)
Having been rejected, they were advised to go to Milan and study privately. Apart from the Napoleonic interlude, the walled city of Milan had long been one of the most important and lucrative possessions of the Hapsburgs. It had a correspondingly impressive musical tradition, employing, for a time, Bach's son Johann Christian. The Ducal Theatre, which had been burnt down in 1776 had been replaced by La Scala.
With financial support from Barezzi, Verdi studied privately with Vincenzo Lavigna, a minor composer who had had some success at La Scala. They gave them an excellent grounding in counterpoint and fugue.
Verdi who seems to have led the high life, lodged with their former principal`s nephew, Professor Guiseppe Seletti, who was later to complain to Barezzi about the young man's behaviour.
SELETTI: You must understand that being a good musician does not make them an honest man. I found them rude, proud, and acting like a scoundrel in my house. I cannot tell you how much damage they have done to my fasmily, because it is too indecent to write about.
NARRATOR: They were probably referring to Verdi's courting of their daughter, Dorina Seletti, who Verdi took to Busetto in 1833.
Meanwhile they were learning works by by Rossini, Donizetti and Bellini, and hearing performances by prima donnas such as Maria Malibran and Giuditta Pasta.
They had an opportunity to conduct the Milan Philharmonic society of amateur musicians. Years later they described the experience.
VERDI: We began to rehearse, and little by little I caught fire and not only accompanied them on the piano, but began to conduct with my right hand, while playing with the left. I got compliments from all sides. They ended up entrusting the whole concert to me.
NARRATOR: Although Verdi could have been appointed to the well paid post of organist in Monza Cathedral, they chose to return to Busseto as local director of music. Verdi`s behaviour in Milan. and their freethinking religious views, may have led the residents of Busseto to suspect them of being a liberal; indeed, had they worn their distinctive black beard at this time, they would have been sure that they were a member of that 'most insolent set of people'. The novelist Stendhal who knew Italy well, wrote in 1839:
STENDAL: The deepesl dungeons were reserved for the blackest liberals.
NARRATOR: Many of the residents of Busseto, particulary the clergy, did not want Verdi as organist of their principal church. They put forward their own candidate, one Giovanni Ferrari. There was violence between 'the reds', Ferrari's and 'the blacks', Verdi's supporters. It reached such a pitch that the dragoons were called in, and Archduchess Marie Louise of Austria felt obliged, for a time, to forbid music in the Busseto.
Meanwhile in 1836 Verdi married Margaretha Barezzi. They were finally awarded the position of Master of Music at Busetto. But they and their wife always had their eye on Milan. As they stated:
MARGERETHA: Never, absolutely never, would Verdi settle in Busetto. Having dedicated themselves to theatre music, they would succeed in that and not in music for the church.
(ESTABLISH OBERTO, CONTE DI SAN BONIFACIO AND TAKE UNDER)
NARRATOR:
A daughter was born nine months after the wedding, and then a son. They were called Virginia and Icilio, both names with liberal overtones. Verdi did not renew their three-year contract in 1839, but took a gamble and moved back to a precasrious future in Milan. For four years they had been working on an opera, Oberto, Conte di San Bonifacio, which they hoped to get staged there.
Verdi's dramatic libretto tells the story of the young count of Salinguerra, who seduces Oberto's beautiful daughter with a promise of marriage. Then they fall passionately in love with another lady and offers them their hand instead. Oberto sets out to exact their revenge, but is killed by their daughter's lover in a duel.
La Scala, which Verdi considered to be the foremost theatre in the world , was run by the impresario Bartolomeo Merelli, who also ran the Karntnertor theatre in Vienna. Oberto was premiered at La Scala in November 1839.
(BRING UP OBERTO, CONTE DI SAN BONIFACIO AND PLAY OUT)
Oberto was sufficiently successful for Merelli to commission three further operas.
VERDI:
NARRATOR:
BAREZZI: This lavish provision stipulated that they would be performed either at La Scala or in Vienna. I accepted the contract at once.
But then a series of disasters struck. Both the young couple's children died, the next opera, Un Giorno di Regno was a flop; and then the cruellest blow of all. Verdi's father-in-law described the death of their daughter, and of Verdi's wife.
From a dreadful disease, in the arms of their father, my beloved daughter, Margheretha, in the very flower of their youth. They were the faithful companion of the excellent young man, Guiseppe Verdi. I weep over this tragic loss.
VERDI: A third coffin goes out of my house. I was alone! Alone!
NARRATOR: They were too profoundly in despair to be able to compose; but Merelli was understanding.
MERELLI:
I cannot force you to compose, but my faith in you remains unshaken.
Who knows whether some day you may decide to write again.
Just let me know two months before a season, and I promise you that your opera will be given.
(ESTABLISH AND THEN TAKE UNDER THE CHORUS OF SLAVES FROM NABUCCO)
NARRATOR:
VERDI:
NARRATOR: Merelli found them a libretto by Temistocle Solera, based on the Biblical story of Nabucco, known in English as Nebuchadnezzar. The story follows the plight of the Jews as they are assaulted, conquered, and then exiled from their homeland by the Babylonian King Nabucco.
I was particularly attracted by its Hebrew chorus of slaves Va, pensiero', with its yeaming for freedom.
Three decades later, their friend Michele Lessona vividly remembered:
LESSONA: Nabucco aroused tremendous enthusiasm such as had never been see before. The night after the premiere no one in Milan slept. Everyone was talking about Verdi. Even fashion and cuisine followed their name; making hats alla Verdi and sauces alla Verdi. From every city in Italy impressarios hurried to ask Verdi to write something for them.
NARRATOR: The Chorus of Hebrew slaves who sang passionatley of their love of their nation was easily identified with Italy's desire to be free of Austria.
Papua New Guinea PM Peter O'Neill to ask Tony Abbott to return guards accused of Manus Island rape
Posted
Papua New Guinea's prime minister Peter O'Neill will ask their Australian counterpart Tony Abbott for the return of three Australian Manus Island security guards to face questioning over rape allegations.
In July, three private security guards were flown off Manus Island amid allegations they raped a local woman working at the detention centre.
PNG police said the men and a local woman were found naked, drunk and sniffing an unidentified substance on the night before the security guards left PNG.
Mr O'Neill said the return of the men to face questioning would be one of the issues discussed when they meet Mr Abbott on Thursday on the sidelines of the Pacific Islands Forum (PIF).
"They must face up to the allegations and see if they can be tried in the normal rule of law in Papua New Guinea," Mr O'Neill said at a press conference.
In 2013, PNG amended its sentencing laws to extend the death penalty for rape convictions.
"That's our laws, we can't break our laws," Mr O'Neill said.
Mr Abbott will also face calls from Pacific leaders to do more to tackle climate change at the forum.
On Tuesday, Kiribati president Anote Tong warned Australia could be asked to leave the PIF if it did not start supporting stronger action to reduce emissions.
Pacific nations are also expected to call for a ban on new coal mines and more ambitious targets for limiting global temperature rise.
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, sexual-offences, climate-change, world-politics, government-and-politics, papua-new-guinea, australia, pacific
It's going down in the Buckeye State!
Lost Lands Festival is shaping up to be one of the biggest parties of the year! With an absolutely insane lineup and some of the most intricate stage production in the industry, it has quickly become one of the most anticipated festivals in the country. Lost Lands' lineup consists of the heaviest hitters in bass music, and is hosted by the undisputed king of bass, Excision. With three days of camping, music, 500,000 watts of bass, and life sized dinosaurs (I'm not kidding), Lost Lands Festival is truly one-of-a-kind.
The man behind this prehistoric madness gave us a sneak peek of the venue that will soon be demolished by dinosaurs, meteors, or whatever else Excision unleashes upon us. They recently posted some short videos on their Instagram showcasing the festival grounds.
Although it doesn't show much, it definitely shows off the scale of this festival. This large, open space is perfect for the infamous Paradox stage, and the beautiful, green surroundings will make for a perfect camping experience. It's all going down September 29th-October 1st at Legend Valley Campgrounds outside of Columbus, Ohio!
Check out the official festival trailer and some helpful stretches to prepare your neck for all the headbanging!
H/T: YourEDM
Trolls gonna troll and who owns the title as World's Biggest Troll? Russian President Vladimir Putin! And the troll strikes again. Russia has invited President-elect Donald Trump's administration to participate in Syrian peace talks with Turkey and Iran later this month.
I can hear everyone's head explodes as they use this as more evidence of a cozy relationship between them and President-elect Donald Trump.
Or Putin has simply just latched onto the hysteria and wants to cause even more problems.
Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak extended the invitation to Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn on December 28. A transition official said Flynn did not make a decision at the time. However, Obama's administration never received an invitation to the talks:
“We have not received any kind of formal invitation to the meeting,” said State Department spokesperson Mark Toner. “But if we do receive an invitation, we will certainly make a recommendation” to Trump's incoming administration to honor it. — The talks on the future of Syria were announced in late December after a nationwide cease-fire was secured. They are being organized for the first time without the involvement of Washington, which had led all the international discussions to resolve the Syrian crisis in recent years. Though the United States has not been a direct party to this specific initiative, Toner said: “We have been in close contact with both the Russians and the Turks as this has gone forward. And we would encourage the incoming administration to continue to pursue those efforts.”
The talks will take place in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, on January 23. Russia, Turkey, and Iran expect “Syrian government and opposition representatives” to attend the talks.
Of course the media has panicked because the U.S. passed new sanctions on Russians on December 28, prompting them to think Flynn and the ambassador discussed those sanctions for attempts to interfere with our election. The transition officials said Flynn had no idea the Obama administration planned to impose those sanctions on that day. Therefore, Flynn and the ambassador did not discuss the sanctions.
Instead, the men discussed the invitation and Flynn also expressed “condolences for the crash of a Russian plane carrying a choir to Syria.” The two men also chatted about “a Putin-Trump telephone call after the inauguration.”
Obama's administration has approved of this meeting, even though they lack an invitation. Secretary of State John Kerry said the administration has encouraged these talks:
“We hope that could produce a step forward,” they said during a final news conference at the State Department. But the greater objective, Kerry said, was beginning separate, U.N.-sponsored talks among all the Syrian players in Geneva.
Please keep in mind that when Russia pulls these stunts they do it to troll and cause more problems. They do not want to be our friend. I also hope those around Trump make them realize this, too.
What's happening to Wikipedia's volunteer community? Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that “Volunteers Log Off as Wikipedia Ages”. The article is a comprehensive description of the challenges and opportunities facing the Wikipedia community. Among other things, it describes recent research findings regarding the number of Wikipedia editors. A quote from the article: “In the first three months of 2009, the English-language Wikipedia suffered a net loss of more than 49,000 editors, compared to a net loss of 4,900 during the same period a year earlier, according to Spanish researcher Felipe Ortega.”
Other news stories have further focused on this particular number, some going so far to predict Wikipedia's imminent demise, others highlighting its strengths and resilience. It's understandable that media will look for a compelling narrative. Our job is to arrive at a nuanced understanding of what's going on. This blog post is therefore an attempt to dig deeper into the numbers and into what's happening with Wikipedia's volunteer community, and to describe our big picture strategy.
In a nutshell, here's what we know:
The number of people reading Wikipedia continues to grow. In October, we had 344 million unique visitors from around the world, according to comScore Media Metrix, up 6% from September. Wikipedia is the fifth most popular web property in the world.
The number of articles in Wikipedia keeps growing. There are about 14.4 million articles in Wikipedia, with thousands of new ones added every day.
The number of people writing Wikipedia peaked about two and a half years ago, declined slightly for a brief period, and has remained stable since then. Every month, some people stop writing, and every month, they are replaced by new people.
The numbers quoted in the Wall Street Journal are the result of analysis by Spanish researcher Dr. Felipe Ortega. Dr. Ortega has conducted valuable research on a wide range of aspects of the projects hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation. It is, however, important to understand the meaning of the cited numbers. Dr. Ortega's findings are described in their doctoral thesis “Wikipedia: A quantitative analysis.”
First, it's important to note that Dr. Ortega's study of editing patterns defines as an editor anyone who has made a single edit, however experimental. This results in a total count of three million editors across all languages. In our own analytics, we choose to define editors as people who have made at least 5 edits. By our narrower definition, just under a million people can be counted as editors across all languages combined. Both numbers include both active and inactive editors. It's not yet clear how the patterns observed in Dr. Ortega's analysis could change if focused only on editors who have moved past initial experimentation.
Even more importantly, the findings reported by the Wall Street Journal are not a measure of the number of people participating in a given month. Rather, they come from the part of Dr. Ortega's research that attempts to measure when individual Wikipedia volunteers start editing, and when they stop. Because it's impossible to make a determination that a person has left and will never edit again, there are methodological challenges with determining the long term trend of joining and leaving: Dr. Ortega qualifies as the editor's “log-off date” the last time they contributed. This is a snapshot in time and doesn't predict whether the same person will make an edit in the future, nor does it reflect the actual number of active editors in that month.
Dr. Ortega supplements this research with data about the actual participation (number of changes, number of editors) in the different language editions of our projects. Their findings regarding actual participation are generally consistent with our own, as well as those of other researchers such as Xerox PARC's Augmented Social Cognition research group.
What do those numbers show? Studying the number of actual participants in a given month shows that Wikipedia participation as a whole has declined slightly from its peak 2.5 years ago, and has remained stable since then. (See WikiStats data for all Wikipedia languages combined.) On the English Wikipedia, the peak number of active editors (5 edits per month) was 54,510 in March 2007. After a more significant decline by about 25%, it has been stable over the last year at a level of approximately 40,000. (See WikiStats data for the English Wikipedia.) Many other Wikipedia language editions saw a rise in the number of editors in the same time period. As a result the overall number of editors on all projects combined has been stable at a high level over recent years. We're continuing to work with Dr. Ortega to specifically better understand the long-term trend in editor retention, and whether this trend may result in a decrease of the number of editors in the future.
Let's move on to the bigger picture.
The mission of the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization, is to ensure that every single human being can share in the sum of all knowledge. Both the health and growth of our volunteer community are key to succeeding in that endeavor. This is why the Wikimedia Foundation works with researchers from around the world to understand what is happening in its projects, supports comprehensive analytics work, and is pursuing long term initiatives to recruit new editors and support the development of its communities:
Our usability initiative is making it easier to contribute to Wikipedia and its sister projects by improving the underlying open source technology. Removing barriers is key to recruiting new editors.
Our outreach initiative is developing a comprehensive set of training and outreach materials that will help us to recruit new volunteer editors.
Our strategic planning initiative is a unique community-driven process to identify how we can maximize our impact. One of its task forces is specifically studying community health.
Wikimedia chapter organizations around the world are supporting our technology work, our outreach initiatives, and strategic partnerships; their activities are documented in the archive of chapter reports.
The Wikimedia volunteer community is also engaged in important discussions and experiments. A community-initiated project in the English Wikipedia, for example, tried to assess the typical experience of new Wikipedia editors when trying to contribute useful content. This newbie treatment study is directly informing community discussions about community processes. Similar experiments and large strategic discussions are happening in other languages.
These discussions and projects are important. Wikimedia is a unique global volunteer movement to share what we know, to make and keep it available. We need your help and your participation in these initiatives – please follow the above links and get involved.
We want more people to join us, to edit Wikipedia to make it richer and better and more comprehensive. We don't know what the “perfect” number of Wikipedia volunteers is, but we do know that we want to significantly increase it from where it is today.
In addition to direct volunteer participation, Wikimedia depends on public support. If you share our goal of bringing free knowledge to every person on the planet, please make a donation today.
Erik Moeller, Deputy Director
Erik Zachte, Data Analyst
Wikimedia Foundation
Budget Guts U.S. Carbon Capture, Storage Research
Capturing carbon dioxide emissions from electric power plants and storing them permanently underground may be among the most important ways countries can prevent climate change from spiraling out of control.
But, as with many other federal climate-related programs, President Trump's proposed 2018 budget nearly snuffs out funding for carbon capture and storage, or CCS, research and development, possibly dramatically slowing the advancements in that technology.
The Petra Nova W.A. Parish carbon capture and storage project in southeast Texas. Credit: U.S. Department of Energy
The budget calls for the U.S. Department of Energy's CCS programs to receive a 75 percent funding cut. The budget for the National Energy Technology Laboratory's research program, which administers the CCS research along with the DOE's Office of Fossil Energy, is slated to be zeroed out altogether. The DOE's fossil energy research and development budget is being cut by more than half.
In raw numbers, the Trump administration is proposing to cut the Office of Fossil Energy's carbon capture program to $16 million in 2018 from $66 million in 2016. The White House wants to cut the carbon storage program to $15 million from $67 million, and cut the NETL's $53 million research budget down to zero. All told, DOE's fossil energy program would see its budget cut to $280 million from $618 million.
“With the proposed budget, CCS research will slow to a crawl and the United States will lose its leadership in a vital area — one that benefits the economy as well as the environment and the people upon which that economy depends,” said Jeffrey Bielicki, a geodetic engineering professor and CCS researcher at Ohio State University.
Cuts to federal carbon storage programs are part of the Trump administration's vow to eliminate or drastically reduce the government's efforts to address climate change. Trump has called global warming a “hoax,” and Energy Secretary Rick Perry has questioned the role of humans in causing climate change. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney has said the administration believes spending on climate change is a waste of money and, they have called much of the Obama administration's climate-related research “crazy.”
Representatives of the DOE and the White House did not respond to requests for comment.
CCS researcher Peter Kelemen, an earth and environmental sciences professor at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, said the DOE and the National Science Foundation have been the main funder for many academic CCS research projects. The NSF is targeted for an 11 percent budget cut, according to the American Geophysical Union.
The White House budget is unpopular in Congress and is unlikely to be approved in its current form. However, Kelemen said that DOE officials have told them that upcoming budget battles in Congress could lead to gridlock in CCS and other scientific research funded by the federal government.
“They said that until a budget is passed, people within the DOE are basically obligated to follow guidelines from the president,” Kelemen said. “In their view, a lack of legislative action should not be perceived as postponing difficult times for CCS researchers within the DOE.”
As the climate warms, CCS research becomes all the more urgent as part of a variety of global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere.
U.S. Secretary of Energy Rick Perry addressing staff at the Idaho National Laboratory on May 8. Credit: Idaho National Laboratory/flickr
CCS may be critical to preventing global warming from exceeding levels scientists consider dangerous — 2°C (3.6°F), according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. CCS projects are being developed at several coal-fired power plants in the U.S. and Canada, and at other sites around the world.
Carbon capture, storage and removal research is becoming more and more urgent because studies suggest that the globe is on a trajectory to blow past atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations within 22 years that make make 2°C of global warming inevitable.
To combat that problem, most of the scientific models that form the basis of the Paris Climate Agreement rely on creating “negative emissions” by removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and storing it permanently underground.
Scientists say carbon removal is likely to involve expanding forests worldwide to store more carbon dioxide in their tree trunks and roots while also developing facilities that can suck carbon dioxide directly out of the air — technology that is in its infancy today. The technology that allows carbon dioxide to be captured and stored at electric power plants is different from the kind that can remove climate pollution directly from the air.
As part of the DOE's carbon storage program, scientists study how carbon dioxide behaves when it is injected into underground rock formations. The carbon capture program conducts research and development on ways to capture carbon from power plants and scaling up those technologies.
In its justification for the cuts, the White House said most of the DOE's applied energy research, including the science conducted by the Office of Fossil Energy, is best done by the private sector.
But Bielicki said the economy isn't yet strong enough for the private sector to support CCS research and development on its own. Private investment in CCS is dependent on government support for inexpensive research into basic chemistry and physics behind CCS and costly real-life demonstration projects that the industry is unlikely to invest in just yet, they said.
Klaus Lackner, director of the Center for Negative Carbon Emissions at Arizona State University, said the potential budget cuts' impact on negative emissions research is complicated because most DOE carbon capture and storage research focuses on sequestering emissions from coal-fired power plants — technology that is not yet compatible with negative emissions techniques under development.
“However, this attempt at budget slashing shows that it will get a lot harder to do research on the topic of managing carbon,” Lackner said, adding that the government should be expanding the scope of carbon storage research. “CCS should not be limited to coal technology.”
You May Also Like:
NOAA Forecasts Busy Hurricane Season for Atlantic
Here's Where Heavy Rain is Increasing the Most in U.S.
Spending Deal Overrides Climate Science on Wood Energy
Climate, Energy Programs Get Budget Reprieve
CLOSE Plot Twist Bookstore will offer a mix of mainstream best-sellers and independently published books.
Buy Photo Plot Twist Bookstore will open next week in Ankeny. (Photo: Linh Ta/The Register)Buy Photo
Ankeny has lured a growing number of high-profile retailers in recent years. Names like Duluth Trading Company, Sam's Club and Mills Fleet Farm.
But one thing the growing suburb has been missing is an independent bookstore.
That will change Monday when Plot Twist Bookstore opens at 502 N. Ankeny Blvd.
Owner Mary Rork-Watson said the shop will offer a mix of mainstream best-sellers and independently published books.
"You're going to walk in and say, 'Good, you got that, It's here,'" Rork-Watson said. "But then I hope you'll walk around the corner and go 'Huh. I didn't know about this.' I hope I'm going to present some surprises."
The 1,400-square-foot store has about 4,000 books on display, along with space for reading or community gatherings.
Buy Photo Mary Rork-Watson, owner of Plot Twist Bookstore, plans to offer a mix of mainstream best-sellers and independently published books. (Photo: Linh Ta/The Register)
There are little chairs and colorful gnomes for children's story time. A young adult area has a table where teens can sample books and socialize with friends.
Rork-Watson, 53, of Altoona, said they wanted a space where people could hang out or host book clubs and poetry readings.
“You can come into this space and nothing is expected of you other than to hang out and relax and be a part of it,” they said. “It's my goal to be a part of the community, to give back, to be involved, to bring in interesting people and local authors.”
Rork-Watson grew up in Elkhart and earned an English degree from Drake University. They previously worked at the Ankeny Art Center and for two years owned MRW Studio was in Pleasant Hill, where they taught classes.
Last fall, after visiting a local bookstore in Denver, they began planning the concept for Plot Twist Bookstore. They have been leasing space at Kimberly Plaza since December.
Buy Photo Plot Twist Bookstore has spaces for children and teens to relax and read. (Photo: Linh Ta/The Register)
Rork-Watson said they chose Ankeny because of its community focus and support of the arts.
"There were already those little pieces," they said. "The one piece that was missing was a bookstore."
What makes Plot Twist unique to other stores or buying online is the personal experience, Rork-Watson said.
“I'm not going to make weird recommendations based off your last purchase. I'm going to make an informed decision based off what you purchased or told me,” they said. “It's people, not algorithms.”
Plot Twist Bookstore will hold a grand opening from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. April 30 to coincide with Independent Bookstore Day. It will include local authors, storytelling sessions, food and refreshments.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1RYHcfg
Seth Caro, the famously volatile Top Chef Just Desserts contestant who dropped out of season one back in 2010 after suffering an anxiety attack during filming, says there was more to their departure from the show than a meltdown over having to use Breyer's ice cream instead of making their own. They told the New York Post that the show's producers put them through what amounts to psychological torture:
"The first few days in, I'm thinking, 'Is this fun, or is this a cruel experiment?' " Contestants, they say, average two hours of sleep a night, are fed at the whims of production, and can't talk to each other during breaks in filming— and those breaks can last six hours.
That treatment, Caro says, eventually led to a breakdown during an episode of the show. In a scene not shown on camera, they demanded their phone and wallet—which are confiscated from contestants when they start filming—and demanded to leave.
Here's how it played out on Just Desserts:
"I was physically prevented from [leaving]," they told the Post. "This producer had three cameras shoved two feet from my face. I literally slumped down in the corner and started crying."
After being removed from the "Stew Room," Caro had a panic attack and had to be tended by EMTs. A clip of them telling them to slow down their breathing made it to air, but their conversation with the producers didn't:
"They said, 'Will you film one final challenge?' I said no. 'Will you go on camera and say your goodbyes?' 'No.' 'Will you do a final on-camera interview?' 'No — I want to go home and never be on camera again.' "
Neither did the shocking treatment they say came afterward:
After production put them in a van, Caro says, they spotted a cameraman hiding in the trees. They jumped out of the van and was tackled by show security. "They took me back to the hotel — I was never arrested — and then they took me to a mental hospital, where I was put on a 5150 [involuntary psych hold] for three days. I was in my chef's jacket and socks. I didn't have my phone. No one from the network or the show came to see me."
Caro says their life was ruined by Just Desserts, and he's been unable to find work in the industry since leaving the show. He's working on changing their name so future employers and dates can't Google the unhinged TV version of him.
It's not just Top Chef, either. The Post talked to contestants on Hell's Kitchen who also felt the producers were psychologically manipulating them to make more exciting TV.
"I didn't get my period for six weeks after I left," said Jen Yemola, who competed in Hell's Kitchen 3. "My doctor said it was stress. I became borderline suicidal after the show — certain things about it made me feel poorly about myself."
As with Caro's Top Chef experience, Yemola says Hell's Kitchen's producers limited how much the cast could eat and sleep, and provided no emotional support during an intentionally stressful competition.
She'd do it again, though, for the same reason any reality star signs up for these inhumane ordeals: "Any exposure is good exposure."
North American publisher Vertical announced at its New York Comic Con panel on Saturday that it will publish the Kyklo arc of Ryo Suzukaze's Attack on Titan: Before the Fall light novel series and Ryō Kawakami's Attack on Titan: Harsh Mistress of the City light novel. Vertical is already publishing the first arc of Suzukaze's Attack on Titan: Before the Fall prequel light novel series with illustrations by THORES Shibamoto. It is releasing both volumes of the Kyklo arc together (as they were in Japan) next summer.
Attack on Titan: Harsh Mistress of the City (Kakuzetsu Toshi no Jōō) debuted in Japan in August with illustrations by Range Murata (Last Exile, Blue Submarine No. 6, Shangri-La). Vertical will publish it next fall. Kodansha describes the story:
The future that was taken for granted was broken by the attack of the Titans. Wall Maria was pierced, and even in the Quinta District where Mathias and their allies live, Titans appear. Due to this, the line of supplies is cut off from the country, and the citizens begin to panic. Rita, a soldier who had joined the brigade of occupation troops, tries to protect the town that has fallen into chaos, but due to the forceful methods the brigade put into action using actual Titans, the entire city becomes afraid. In order to meet up with Rita, Mathias takes the helping hands of a band of thieves...
correction: An initial version of this article incorrectly referred to the possible target of an electronic disruption that also affected cellphone service in Western Latvia. It is Sweden's Öland Island, not Finland's Aland Islands.
Troops take part in joint Russian-Belarusian military exercises near the town of Borisov, Belarus, on Sept. 20, 2017. (Sergei Gapon/AFP/Getty Images)
Latvia's intelligence services are examining a partial disruption of the nation's cellular network and emergency-services hotline that may have been a fresh example of Russia's ­electronic-warfare capabilities, Latvian and NATO officials said.
The break in cellphone service in western Latvia and the 16-hour outage of the country's equivalent of 911 came around the time of recent major Russian military exercises that were a powerful demonstration of the Kremlin's ability to wage modern war.
If confirmed as attacks, the electronic breakdowns would show another capability in the Kremlin's arsenal — not just the reborn, muscular tank army and the accurate long-range missiles that were on display during the "Zapad" exercises, but also the capacity to disrupt civilian communications remotely. Such a tool could severely hamper Western authorities' ability to organize a quick civilian response in case of war. NATO officials already are concerned that Russia's potent antiaircraft missile technology gives the Kremlin effective control of most of Baltic airspace if there were a conflict.
[What would a Russia-NATO war look like? Russia's wargaming it right now.]
Latvian Foreign Minister Edgars Rinkevics said authorities do not believe their country was directly targeted in the Aug. 30 incident that disrupted cellular service in the western Kurzeme region for seven hours. Instead, they said, Latvia may have been in the path of a broader electronic disruption directed at Sweden's Öland Island. NATO officials said that Russia possesses electronic-warfare assets in its Baltic exclave of Kaliningrad and that at least one ship with that technology was in the Baltic Sea during the war games.
"Our authorities are analyzing a pattern of communications disruption that appears to have originated during the Zapad exercise against Öland Island, with some direct impact to Latvia," Rinkevics said.
The island is located in a key spot in the Baltic Sea. Sweden, which is not a member of NATO, held major military exercises last month that included the participation of U.S. forces.
Rinkevics said Latvian authorities also are examining possible Russian involvement in a Sept. 13 outage of Latvia's emergency phone hotline. Nothing has yet been proved, they said.
Spokesmen for the Swedish Defense Ministry and the Swedish Armed Forces said they were not aware of any cellular disruption on their territory at the time of the incidents in Latvia.
Officials also are looking at other explanations for the outages, which one characterized as not posing a major security threat.
During the Zapad exercises, which ended Sept. 20, "there were some unusual things going on," Rinkevics said. "It hasn't happened since the end of the exercises. It didn't happen three months ago. I wonder why." They said that the Latvian foreign ministry has not formally complained to its Russian counterpart because the intelligence services have not yet made a conclusive assessment.
Two other senior NATO officials, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss preliminary assessments of the exercises, echoed the Latvian concerns while also cautioning that Western intelligence services have yet to reach conclusions. A third senior NATO official said the alliance believes Russia used jamming technology and drones during the exercises that it has also used in Ukraine and Syria.
The Russian Defense Ministry did not respond to a request for comment.
Sept. 14 was the officially declared start of the joint exercises in Belarus and Russia's western regions, but senior NATO diplomats said military activity intensified weeks before. NATO leaders say Russian military planners evaded transparency requirements by claiming that a single major exercise was actually a series of smaller ones that fell below reporting levels designated by international agreements. The Kremlin denies the accusation.
[Here's what pro-democracy activists in Belarus fear most about Russia's war games]
NATO allies watched the exercises carefully to learn more about the Russian military's modernization efforts — and also to guard against any possible incursion into allied territory. In the end, allied officials say, between 40,000 and 60,000 troops participated in the exercises, well above the 13,000 thresholds that triggers transparency requirements.
"This was a demonstration of muscle. This was not defensive but offensive," Rinkevics said, echoing the broader Baltic and NATO assessment.
The U.S. Army's senior commander in Europe, Lt. Gen. Ben Hodges, said Russia has been honing its cyberwarfare capabilities since the 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula. It has used electronic blocking and jamming techniques against the Ukrainian military, which has fought Russian-backed forces in eastern Ukraine since shortly after Russia took Crimea.
"They've put on display a significant electronic-warfare capability that is powerful, sophisticated," Hodges told reporters in Brussels. "A lot of this was on display during the exercise."
Read more:
The Baltics' tangled geography that has both sides feeling surrounded
This tiny stretch of countryside is all that separates Baltic states from Russian envelopment
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
Michigan State added another defensive talent to its 2015 active roster this week when junior-college transfer Drake Martinez was granted immediate eligibility by the Big Ten.
"Drake Martinez is an outstanding football player, who will have an opportunity to provide an immediate impact this season," MSU head coach Mark Dantonio said in a statement from the university. "This decision is very beneficial for Drake in terms of their personal development as a college football player in the Big Ten. We're very excited about having the opportunity to work with Drake when preseason camp opens in early August."
Martinez began their collegiate career at Nebraska, where their brother, Taylor, was a four-year starting quarterback.
Article continues below ...
The younger Martinez is a 6-foot-2, 215-pound outside linebacker who played at Saddleback College in Mission Viejo, Calif., last year. As a senior at Laguna Beach (Calif.) High School, they were a three-star safety prospect according to Scout.com.
With veterans Darien Harris and Ed Davis returning as seniors and junior Riley Bullough expected to step into the open middle linebacker spot, linebacker is not a big area of need for the Spartans this fall.
However, Dantonio indicated on National Signing Day they saw Martinez as a potential difference maker.
"He's electric," Dantonio said. "He can run. They can tackle. They can catch the football and he's an athlete in all respects. They can wind up playing at any position."
At the time of this writing, there are 37 major league hitters with a wRC+ of 150 or higher. There are the usual suspects: Bryce Harper, Mike Trout, and Nolan Arenado are on the leaderboard to no one's surprise. There are exciting young prospects, including Mitch Haniger, Aaron Judge, and Joey Gallo. Then there are unexpected names like Eric Thames, Cesar Hernandez, and Robbie Grossman.
Lengthy articles could be, and have been, written about any of the players above. One player who hasn't received much publicity despite some relatively prolonged success is Grossman.
They check in with a 158 wRC+ in 67 plate appearances so far this year. Steamer projects a .322 wOBA and 99 wRC+ for the rest of the season (ROS), and that projection puts them just a few ticks behind their highly-touted teammate Max Kepler. Although Kepler is three years younger and may have a higher ceiling, the point is that name recognition can play a pretty big role in how we analyze players.
Also, Grossman used to be bad. From 2013 to 2015, they had just a .281 wOBA and 77 wRC+ in 202 plate appearances against left-handed pitching, despite being a switch hitter. Since 2016, however, Grossman has a .417 wOBA and 166 wRC+ in 170 plate appearances against lefties. Even with their early-career struggles against lefties, Grossman now has a lifetime .344 wOBA and 118 wRC+ against them.
Since 2016 against all pitchers, Grossman has amassed 452 plate appearances spanning 113 games and has hit .283/.398/.444 with a .369 wOBA and 133 wRC+ (these numbers are excluding results from Monday). They boast a respectable .327 wOBA and 107 wRC+ in just over 1,200 career plate appearances.
What's behind Grossman's newfound success? The first place to look is their swing. Did anything change from their time in Houston (2013-15) to their time in Minnesota (2016-present)? Below are images of swings by Grossman against left-handed pitchers. One is from 2015, when they were with Houston, and the other is from last season, when they were with Minnesota.
The first three images are meant to display how Grossman loaded their hands before the pitch. Notice that in the first two, from 2015, they coiled their bat significantly:
.
This next image is from 2016, the first year Grossman had success against lefties. Notice that they do not coil their bat:
The next two images show how they position themselves just before the pitcher releases the ball. In first image, Grossman continues to hold their bat in a coiled position at this late stage. Also of note, their leg kick is significantly more exaggerated in the second image, which appears to put their lower half in a better power position:
The last two images show how Grossman is positioned just before the swing, when their front foot makes contact with the dirt after the leg kick. Again, in the first image, their bat remains coiled and is relatively upright. In the second image, their bat remains in its original position as well, and has a much shorter path to the ball. Their lower half looks more prepared for power in the second image:
Both swings resulted in home runs. Check out video of the first swing here and the second swing here. Be sure to wait around for the slow motion replays of both swings.
The images and the videos make one thing clear: the second swing is simpler, quieter, and more explosive. At least from looking at the two swings, Grossman seems to have made an observable change to their swing from 2015 to 2016 that could, at least in part, explain their improved numbers across the board, particularly against lefties.
It would be foolish, however, to look at a couple of swings and a couple hundred plate appearances and be done with the analysis. A deeper dive into the numbers is necessary. Here's how Grossman fared from 2013-15 compared to 2016-17:
Robbie Grossman, 2013-15 vs. 2016-17 Season Team PA BB% K% AVG OBP SLG ISO BABIP wOBA wRC+ 2013-15 HOU 764 10.9% 25.1% .240 .327 .341 .101 .320 .302 92 2016-17 MIN 452 15.3% 23.7% .283 .396 .444 .160 .366 .369 133
First things first, that's a pretty great walk rate. According to this sample size chart, walk rates stabilize after around 120 plate appearances, so Grossman's elite ability to draw walks should be repeatable.
The next thing that stands out is the improved power. Over their last 452 plate appearances, Grossman has raised their slugging percentage by .103 points and their ISO by .059 points. Slugging percentage normalizes after about 320 at-bats, and ISO normalizes after roughly 160 at-bats, so there seems to be a real improvement in that department as well.
Much of Grossman's recent success, however, has been fueled by a high .366 BABIP. Before we buy into its sustainability, we need to examine what's driving it. Below are Grossman's batted ball numbers from 2013-15 compared to 2016-17. For context, American League average stats (pitchers excluded) are also listed for both time periods:
Robbie Grossman vs. AL Average, Batted Ball, 2013-15 vs. 2016-17 Season Player(s) LD% GB% FB% HR/FB Pull% Cent% Oppo% Soft% Med% Hard% 2013-15 Grossman 22.5% 44.6% 32.9% 7.1% 37.7% 33.0% 29.3% 17.9% 58.8% 23.3% AL (NP) 20.8% 44.0% 35.2% 10.7% 40.7% 34.6% 24.7% 17.6% 53.2% 29.3% 2016-17 Grossman 25.8% 39.5% 34.7% 12.8% 43.4% 31.8% 24.8% 17.5% 50.0% 32.5% AL (NP) 20.4% 44.0% 35.6% 12.9% 40.9% 34.1% 25.0% 18.8% 49.7% 31.5%
Surprise, surprise. Grossman, like seemingly so many others these days, has dramatically reduced their ground ball rate. While they used to hit grounders at a league-average rate, over the last 452 plate appearances he's hit them 4.5% less often than the league average.
Despite the 5.1% cut to their ground ball rate since 2013-15, Grossman's fly ball rate only went up by 1.8%. They made up the majority of the difference by hitting more line drives (+3.3%), and their line drive rate since 2016 is 5.4% better than the league average. Grossman has also dramatically improved their hard-hit rate, from 23.3% in 2013-15 to 32.5% in 2016-17, a 9.2% improvement.
While ground ball rates and fly ball rates stabilize after just 80 balls in play, line drive rates and BABIP require approximately 600 and 800, respectively, before they should be trusted.
Ground balls, line drives, and speed are usually what drive high batting averages on balls in play. As such, it seems that Grossman's high line drive rate is responsible for their elevated BABIP, since he's not a well-above-average runner and their ground ball rate is below league average. Since they haven't sustained their new, higher line drive rate for long enough yet, it remains to be seen if Grossman can sustain the new BABIP.
But they are well on their way. The breakout started last year, and there are numerous observable changes that suggest their recent success may be sustainable, at least to some degree. They used to be dreadful against left-handed pitching, and they solved that problem. It appears as though they changed their swing, which could explain everything. Over their last 450 plate appearances or so, their batted ball profile and outcomes have changed and improved dramatically in key areas.
From a fantasy perspective, Grossman is worth an add (especially in deeper OBP or points leagues) as a potential low-cost, above-average outfielder.
Slowly but surely, Xbox 360 emulation is coming to the PC. Very slowly, for now.
In a video uploaded earlier this week, Xenia, by Ben Vanik, is seen running Frogger 2, released on Xbox Live Arcade in 2008. Vanik explained that the game is running extremely slow because the emulator is working through a debug interpreter; Vanik says the emulator will run at normal speed as development continues.
Go to 6:08 of the video to see the game.
It's a proof of concept for something that's been four years in the making. Xenia's project page is here but Vanik is not releasing any executable of the emulator.
"The goal of this project is to experiment, research, and educate on the topic of emulation of modern devices and operating systems," Vanik writes. "It is not for enabling illegal activity. All information is obtained via reverse engineering of legally purchased devices and games and information made public on the Internet."
Console emulation on PC has advanced to include the PlayStation 2 and Wii, but emulating the original Xbox has proven difficult. PS3 emulation is also in an embryonic stage, though a video from earlier this month showed a project booting a commercial PS3 game.
The Federal Trade Commission announced this week it is suing a consumer data broker that sold payday loan application data to scammers who used the information to pull money out of consumer bank accounts. The scam brings to mind an underground identity theft service I wrote about in 2012 that was gathering its data from a network of payday loan sites.
According to the FTC's complaint, data broker LeapLab bought payday loan applications of financially strapped consumers, and then sold that information to marketers whom it knew had no legitimate need for it. “At least one of those marketers, Ideal Financial Solutions – a defendant in another FTC case – allegedly used the information to withdraw millions of dollars from consumers' accounts without their authorization,” the FTC said.
The FTC charges that the defendants sold approximately five percent of these loan applications to online lenders, who paid them between $10 and $150 per lead. But the defendants also allegedly sold the remaining 95 percent for approximately $0.50 each to third parties who were not online lenders and had no legitimate need for this financial information.
In Sept. 2012, I published a blog post about “Usearching[dot]info,” a now-defunct ID theft service that offered the ability to purchase personal information on countless Americans, including SSN, mother's maiden name, date of birth, email address, and physical address, as well as and driver license data for approximately 75 million citizens in Florida, Idaho, Iowa, Minnesota, Mississippi, Ohio, Texas and Wisconsin.
That story noted that Usearching[dot]info also included data that appeared to come from another source — more than 330,000 consumer bank account records pulled from an archipelago of satellite Web sites that negotiate with a variety of lenders to offer payday loans. From that piece:
“I first began to suspect the information was coming from loan sites when I had a look at the data fields available in each record. A trusted source opened and funded an account at Usearching.info, and purchased 80 of these records, at a total cost of about $20. Each includes the following data: A record number, date of record acquisition, status of application (rejected/appproved/pending), applicant's name, email address, physical address, phone number, Social Security number, date of birth, bank name, account and routing number, employer name, and the length of time at the current job. These records are sold in bulk, with per-record prices ranging from 16 to 25 cents depending on volume.” “But it wasn't until I started calling the people listed in the records that a clearer picture began to emerge. I spoke with more than a dozen individuals whose data was being sold, and found that all had applied for payday loans on or around the date in their respective records. The trouble was, the records my source obtained were all dated October 2011, and almost nobody I spoke with could recall the name of the site they'd used to apply for the loan. All said, however, that they'd initially provided their information to one site, and then were redirected to a number of different payday loan options.”
I have no idea whether LeapLab sold information to this identity theft service, or whether Ideal Financial was a customer of Usearching[dot]info. LeapLab is no longer in business, and Ideal's assets are frozen and in receivership. But it's clear Ideal obtained consumer data from multiple sources: The FTC says LeapLab provided Ideal Financial with financial account information for only about 16 percent of Ideal Financial's victims.
In this, as with so many financial scams, the people least able to afford it get scammed and fleeced. The FTC charges that Ideal Financial purchased information on at least 2.2 million consumers from data brokers and used it to make more than $43 million in unauthorized debits and charges for purported financial products that the consumers never purchased. Sadly, these “financial products” were mostly about how consumers could manage their money better or get themselves out of debt.
This scam is also a reminder of how crooks steal millions with small charges, all made through a vast network of phony company Web sites made to look like established companies with legitimate products. Also, these types of micropayment schemes are more common around the holidays, so now is good time for readers to keep an extra close eye on their bank and credit card statements for any unauthorized charges.
A copy of the FTC civil complaint against LeapLab is here (PDF). Also interesting to read are these exhibits in the case (both PDF).
Tags: Federal Trade Commission, FTC, Ideal Financial Solutions, LeapLab, usearching
By Joe Holley
Houston Chronicle Political Editor
Presidential candidate Rick Perry often tells audiences on the campaign trail that they will work to “make Washington as inconsequential in your lives as I can.” What the long-serving Texas governor does not mention is that they have relied on government programs, government guarantees and government jobs their whole life.
Their campaign insists there is no contradiction.
“He believes the federal government should stop telling people and states how to educate their children and mandating how they manage their health care, among other one-size-fits-all policies coming out of Washington,” spokesperson Katherine Cesinger said in an e-mail. “The federal government ought to focus on the few very important responsibilities they do have, like standing a military, which we are very proud of, and securing the border, which they have failed miserably at doing.”
A look at the record, however, suggests Perry's anti-Washington animus is more in spirit than actuality.
Perry grew up on a cotton farm in Haskell County, where the perennially struggling economy — then and now — depends on federal crop subsidies. Between 1995 and 2006, Haskell County farmers received farm subsidy payments totaling $81,172,449, according to the Environmental Working Group.
In their 2010 book, Fed Up: Our Fight to Save America from Washington, Perry fulminates against federal bureaucrats who distributed more than $245 billion in farm subsidies from 1995 to 2009. One of the recipients of that largesse was the governor himself, who farmed for a few years after a stint in the Air Force. According to their tax returns, Perry received at least $83,000 between 1987 and 1998, years when they were serving as an elected official.
“My opponent is trying to scare farmers and ranchers by lying about my record,” Perry said in 1990, campaigning against incumbent Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower. “He says I support eliminating our farm program payments. That's not true. I've participated in the program as a producer. My neighbors participate. I know what would happen to rural areas of Texas if these programs were discontinued. I do not support such an action.”
Changing point of view
Twenty years later, Perry contends Washington has spent too much to “prop up” agricultural subsidies. “If Congress would just allow the market to work, American consumers would undoubtedly be much better off,” they write in Fed Up.
After graduating from Paint Creek High School in 1968, Perry left the family farm for Texas A&M University, one of the nation's “land-grant institutions.” The state's agricultural and mechanical university, which had a decisive influence on Perry, owes its existence to a 19th-century federal program that transferred federally controlled land to the states to establish and endow “land-grant” colleges. As a public university, A&M continues to rely on taxpayer monies, both state and federal.
Graduating from A&M as a member of the Corps of Cadets in 1972, Perry accepted an Air Force commission. For the next five years, the federal government not only paid their salary and provided them a place to live but also allowed them to see the world as a pilot ferrying supplies in the Middle East and Europe.
After their 1977 discharge, Perry went to work helping their father grow cotton. The Perrys, like their neighbors, relied on federal price supports set up to insulate growers against the vagaries of the weather and free-market uncertainties.
Government salary
Former Democratic Congressman Charlie Stenholm, who represented Perry's West Texas district for many years, agrees with them on subsidies. “The days of farm subsidization are over,” they said last week. “If the rest of the world would eliminate theirs, I'd eliminate ours.”
That's about all the two men agree on these days. “Once they decided to run for statewide office (agriculture commissioner), Rick took off on a different tangent,” Stenholm said. “He's not the same man I knew back then.”
By the time Perry sold their 40-acre farm in 1998, claiming a $17,693 loss on their federal income taxes for that year, Texas taxpayers had been paying their salary for nearly a decade. They continue to do so — $300 a month as a state representative in the early days, $150,000 a year as governor, in addition to numerous fringe benefits and a generous retirement package. Taxpayers also pay $10,000 a month, plus expenses, for the Perry's rental home in West Austin while the governor's mansion is restored.
“He has worked very hard during their time in government to make sure Texas is the best place to live, work and raise a family by applying fiscally conservative principles that have made Texas economically competitive and a leader in job creation,” Cesinger said.
The anti-Washington campaign rhetoric belies the fact that federal money consistently has made up close to a third of the state's budget during Perry's tenure in the governor's office, and will total about $54.4 billion for the next two years. In 2009, the governor and the Legislature used federal stimulus funds to fill most of a $3.3 billion hole in the state's budget, and the governor continues to call on Washington for disaster relief, most recently for last month's disastrous Central Texas wildfires. Texas also gets more federal money for defense and veterans affairs than any other state.
“It's fascinating to watch them as governor taking as much federal money as they have, while bad-mouthing the federal government. It's hypocritical,” said Stenholm, a conservative Blue Dog Democrat still bitter about the mid-decade redistricting scheme backed by then-House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and supported by their erstwhile friend in the governor's office, a plan that ended up getting them beat.
Help from Washington
Perry is not the only presidential candidate whose anti-government words appear to be at odds with their deeds. Michele Bachmann worked as a lawyer for the Internal Revenue Service; a family farm in which they have an interest received nearly $260,000 in federal farm subsidies. Ron Paul, a flight surgeon in the Air Force after finishing medical school, has spent most of the past two decades in Congress. Newt Gingrich was a lecturer at two publicly funded universities before serving in Congress for two decades.
“Why does anyone believe politicians who shake their fists against government while comfortably ensconced as government insiders?” Gregg Easterbook, writing in Washington Monthly, asked recently.
They suggested that the answer lies with the voter, alluding to a 2008 Cornell Research Poll that found that 57 percent of Americans denied they ever had benefited from any “government social program.” Asked specifically whether they ever had taken out a student loan or relied on a mortgage-interest deduction, Social Security or other government social programs, almost every respondent admitted they had.
“It's almost inevitable that there are going to be inconsistencies in what candidates say and what they do once in office,” said Allan Saxe, an associate professor of political science at the University of Texas at Arlington. “It's called being human.”
joe.holley@chron.com
FEED Forward — Our Roadmap and Development Schedule
investFeed Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 18, 2017
On July 23rd, 2017 at 9AM UTC, our token sale begins and allows users to purchase our FEED token. We want to make sure we are as transparent as possible in regards to the development of the platform moving forward. Please see the following list to view upcoming features currently in development this year — and planned for next year:
Q3 — Q4 2017 Improvements: Currently Underway
Improved Social Network Capabilities
We want to make sure that you're receiving a seamless and intuitive social experience with our UI. Throughout the rest of the year we will be making progressive enhancements to our social network capabilities.
Cross Platform Live-streaming Feeds and Channels for All Current and Upcoming Cryptocurrencies and related fundamental market data
This is where our main transition from US equities to blockchain cryptocurrencies is taking place. We wish to give you the most up-to-date information and a social hub for each cryptocurrency on the exchanges. Members will be able to interact with feeds by sharing content, articles, multimedia, and portfolio and trading activity.
Q1 — Q2 2018 — Beta Product Launch — Planned
Note — The following features will begin rolling out post beta-launch:
Trending Assets and Watchlist Signals
This feature will enable users to see what's trending in the cryptocurrency world with sentiment indicators and alerts based on crowd sentiment and order activity. Users will be able to import their portfolio and create watchlists to keep an eye on their interests. This development update will also feature analysis updates from the investFeed internal team.
Wallet and Exchange Integration
This will feature the integration of a multi-currency and digital asset wallet, as well as connectivity with existing exchange accounts. This will support order execution, order management, and portfolio sharing capabilities. We are looking to not only utilize existing APIs, but also build partnerships and provide connectivity with a growing list of exchange APIs and other blockchain technologies.
FEED Token Marketplace Rollout
Support for our FEED token capabilities will be released. These features include — but aren't limited to accessing premium content, promoting content for network exposure, accessing our advanced trader tools after their launch, and purchasing an ad-free experience.
Multi-Language Support
In our goal to increase the accessibility of the platform, we plan on supporting not just English, but Chinese, Russian, and many additional languages. We want to make sure there is support for our international base that can equally build our network.
Q3 — Q4 2018 Improvements: Planned
Advanced Trader Tools
Our advanced trader tools will feature a technical analysis cryptocurrency screener tool, advanced portfolio analysis, robo-advisor algorithms, and back-testing tools for data analysis and quantitative trading strategies. All will be available via our FEED token for users to utilize in order to have an edge in the market.
Make sure to check out our social channels to communicate with not just the team, but the investFeed community as well. We are excited to have you onboard!
Super Saturday was very kind to [crscore]Ted Cruz[/crscore], and furthered bolstered their case as the only serious choice to take down Donald Trump.
With dominating wins in Kansas and Maine in the bag and two close finishes in Kentucky and Louisiana, it appears Republican primary voters in all parts of the country think Cruz is worth a second look after they struggled following their Iowa win.
As should be expected with their surprise success, the Texas senator is now investing heavily in the Florida race and looks poised to compete in the Sunshine State. That move has angered some within the punditocracy who think Cruz could be jeopardizing the carefully-crafted plan to ensure a brokered convention.
According to the “Anybody but Trump” strategy supported by many within the conservative commentariat, Florida is supposed to go to [crscore]Marco Rubio[/crscore] and, therefore, Cruz is only supposed to compete for states granted to them by the brokered convention strategy — which aren't many states following their victories last week.
But, so goes the standard anti-Trump reasoning, the only way to prevent a nominee Trump is for there to be a coordinated strategy for the three candidates who are not graced by golden manes to only vie for wins in states they're slated to secure. Thus, Cruz and John Kasich should give up on Florida, Rubio and Cruz on Ohio and Kasich and Rubio on Idaho.
However, there's one huge problem with this proposal: the Texan has no interest in bringing about a brokered convention. “A brokered convention is the pipe-dream of the Washington establishment. It is their hope they can snatch this nomination from the people,” Cruz declared at CPAC over the weekend. (RELATED: Cruz: A Contested Convention Would Start A Revolt)
And they have a good reason for being suspicious of any back room deals at the convention. In the lead up to the Iowa caucus, the establishment signaled they would prefer Trump over Cruz. Luminous GOP insiders like Bob Dole and Trent Lott publicly said they'd vote for Trump if it came down to the business person and the firebrand senator from Texas.
Granted, this talk was said before The Donald said George Bush lied to get America to invade Iraq and had their Ku Klux Klan gaffe. But the message was sent loud and clear to Cruz that Republican elites would pretty much have anyone else besides himself. The only way that Ted can become the nominee is if they reach the 1237-delegate mark required to secure the Republican convention's endorsement.
Even if pigs did fly and Cruz won out at a contested convention, it would undermine their pitch as the antagonist of the establishment when that same establishment awards them the nomination without the majority of delegates.
So there's no reason for Cruz to not compete in Florida when their primary purpose is to be the next president of the United States. Any argument against the move is just silly from the perspective of a serious presidential candidate.
What does Cruz gain from handing the establishment that hates them the power to choose who's the nominee rather than the voters? A possible Supreme Court nomination? Please, let's get real here.
While all of the remaining non-Trump candidates probably do sincerely hope the real estate mogul doesn't become the Republican nominee, that still doesn't change the fact that each of one of them hopes to be the last candidate standing after the delegates are counted for the last time.
And it's not like Cruz isn't the only candidate campaigning in states not “designated” for them to win. Rubio campaigned heavily in Kansas and hosted events in Idaho — a state Cruz won and one he's supposed to steal from Trump, respectively. Kasich and Rubio are currently engaged in a turf war over Illinois, a state that may seem more predisposed to voting for a fellow midwesterner like the governor of Ohio.
These facts prove why the whole “strategic voting for a brokered convention” theory is fairly dubious. It is true that Rubio and Kasich are both putting all their campaign hopes on a contested convention, but both candidates need to win a number of states to make a compelling case to secure the nomination. So, they're naturally going to be competing in states that are not “assigned” to them by conservative pundits.
Like many things concerning this election cycle, commentators on the Right are confusing their fantasies with legitimate political analysis when it comes to a coordinated anti-Trump effort on the part of the candidates. For instance, there's no way in hell Rubio's poor showing on Super Saturday was a result of them intentionally sacrificing their campaign for the good of the country, as RedState's Leon Wolf has claimed.
Neither Cruz, Rubio nor Kasich appear ready to ditch states they have a shot at winning for the sole purpose of taking away delegates from Trump. And with Cruz going into a contested convention with less of a chance of being the nominee than Mitt Romney, it's no surprise they would go against the strategy for bringing that event about.
What may be more of a shock for the dreamers of a brokered convention is what happens when it comes about and Trump and Cruz are the ones who strike a deal, not the party leaders.
Follow Scott on Twitter
Understanding the Vitamins in Your Food
A previous post we created called A Guide to Vitamins In Your Food generated a lot of interest, so we decided to elaborate on the guide by illustrating a follow-up chart. This chart details what foods you should incorporate into your diet to get a healthier, more energized you. A vitamin rich diet can also help protect your body against certain forms of cancers and increase the health of your immune system.
Learning more about each of these vitamins and simple ways to incorporate them into your everyday meal plan can help you achieve a balanced diet without venturing too far outside your comfort zone. Folic Acid is not only important to pregnant women and their developing child, but did you know it can also help lower your risk of heart disease and colon cancer? You can find tips such as these in our updated vitamin chart.
There is an adage in the record business that a recording artist's demos of new songs often come off better than the more polished versions later worked up in a studio. But Bruce Springsteen was the first person to act on that theory, when they opted to release the demo versions of their latest songs, recorded with only acoustic or electric guitar, harmonica, and vocals, as their sixth album, Nebraska. It was really the content that dictated the approach, however. Nebraska's ten songs marked a departure for Springsteen, even as they took them farther down a road he'd already been traveling. Gradually, their songs became darker and more pessimistic, and those on Nebraska marked a new low. They also found them branching out into better developed stories. The title track was a first-person account of the killing spree of mass murderer Charlie Starkweather. (It can't have been coincidental that the same story was told in director Terrence Malick's 1973 film Badlands, also used as a Springsteen song title.) That song set the tone for a series of portraits of small-time criminals, desperate people, and those who loved them. Just as the recordings were unpolished, the songs themselves didn't seem quite finished; sometimes the same line turned up in two songs. But that only served to unify the album. Within the difficult times, however, there was hope, especially as the album went on. "Open All Night" was a Chuck Berry-style rocker, and the album closed with "Reason to Believe," a song whose hard-luck verses were belied by the chorus -- even if the singer couldn't understand what it was, "people find some reason to believe." Still, Nebraska was one of the most challenging albums ever released by a major star on a major record label.
iPhone X's TrueDepth system houses a laser light transmitter, receiver and other sensing equipment, but future models could pack those discreet modules into a single part.
Lin En-ping, the CEO of Apple supplier Largan Precision, told shareholders and investors Friday that their company has been developing 3D sensing solutions for smartphones.
They underscored that they expected demand for 3D sensing to grow rapidly following Apple's adoption of the Face ID biometric sensor for iPhone X.
According to DigiTimes, any such technology requires a pair of sophisticated lenses that must be able to retain their optical properties in situations where laser light creates heat dissipation.
Currently, three types of lenses are used in 3D sensing solutions: all-glass lenses, glass plus plastic lenses and all-plastic lenses. It's unclear which type of lenses Apple's TrueDepth camera relies on because teardowns of the device are not yet available.
Largan says no one is currently planning to adopt all-glass solutions.
Glass lenses are superior to plastic ones in optical property but inferior in sensing capability, Lin said. They added that there are clients planning to adopt glass plus plastic lenses. Largan is currently evaluating the feasibility of producing aspherical molded glass lens pieces.
Apple's suppliers have been experiencing poor manufacturing yields for the TrueDepth camera for weeks now. But as they gain experience building these parts in volume, Apple should be able to transition its entire 2018 iPhone lineup and future iPad Pro models to Face ID as the only biometric solution just as KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted recently.
Thoughts?
NewsCatholic Church
VATICAN CITY, October 14, 2016 (LifeSiteNews)--In a lengthy new interview, Bishop and soon-to-be cardinal Kevin Farrell said whether those in unions the Church labels adulterous may receive Communion is a “process of discernment and of conscience.” They say Amoris Laetitia “is the teaching of the Church,” comes from the Holy Spirit, and will be the “guiding document” of the new Vatican dicastery Pope Francis appointed them to head.
In August, Pope Francis named Farrell, the former bishop of Dallas, to lead the newly-formed Dicastery for the Laity, the Family and Life. The Pontifical Council for the Laity and to the Pontifical Council for the Family will be folded into this new dicastery. On Sunday, Pope Francis announced that Farrell had been named a cardinal along with two other U.S. bishops: Chicago Archbishop Blase Cupich and Indianapolis Archbishop Joseph Tobin (not to be confused with Rhode Island's strongly pro-life Bishop Thomas Tobin).
The appointment of these three bishops as cardinals is a “seismic shift” in the American Catholic Church, according to Vatican expert John Allen Jr., because Farrell, Cupich, and Tobin belong “to the centrist, non-cultural warrior wing of the country's hierarchy.”
Speaking to the National Catholic Reporter, long condemned for its open opposition to Church teaching, Farrell said, “I think that the document Amoris Laetitia is faithful to the doctrine and to the teaching of the church. It is carrying on the doctrine of Familiaris Consortio of John Paul II. I believe that passionately. Basically this is the Holy Spirit speaking to us.”
Familiaris Consortio championed the Catholic Church's longstanding teaching that the divorced and remarried whose previous unions the Church has not declared null may not receive Holy Communion. Pope St. John Paul II wrote:
…the Church reaffirms their practice, which is based upon Sacred Scripture, of not admitting to Eucharistic Communion divorced persons who have remarried. They are unable to be admitted thereto from the fact that their state and condition of life objectively contradict that union of love between Christ and the Church which is signified and effected by the Eucharist. Besides this, there is another special pastoral reason: if these people were admitted to the Eucharist, the faithful would be led into error and confusion regarding the Church's teaching about the indissolubility of marriage.
Amoris Laetitia's footnote 351 seemingly suggests otherwise. “In certain cases, this can include the help of the sacraments,” the pope wrote of those living in objectively sinful and scandalous relationships.
Different prelates and philosophers have interpreted the document in different ways. Progressives like Cardinal Walter Kasper declared victory; a close friend of Pope St. John Paul II said it contains “objectively heretical” statements that Pope Francis must correct to avoid “schism.”
The confusion and conflicting interpretations that flowed from Amoris Laetitia's various ambiguities led 45 Catholic academics and scholars to write to the College of Cardinals asking them to call on Pope Francis to correct errant interpretations.
Some American bishops, like Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput and Portland Archbishop Alexander Sample, have said that Amoris Laetitia must be read in continuity with the Church's teaching and does not allow for a sacrilegious change in sacramental practice.
“I honestly don't see what and why some bishops seem to think that they have to interpret this document. I believe that the pope has spoken,” Farrell said. According to to the National Catholic Reporter, this was a reference to the support Pope Francis expressed to the bishops of Buenos Aires for their pastoral guidelines allowing Communion for the divorced and remarried.
There is “no other interpretation” of the exhortation, the pontiff wrote to the Argentine bishops in a letter the Vatican confirmed as authentic.
“I firmly believe [Amoris Laetitia] is the teaching of the church,” said Farrell. “This is a pastoral document telling us how we should proceed. I believe we should take it as it is.”
Farrell said they aren't necessarily saying the divorced and remarried should receive Communion.
“That's a process of discernment and of conscience,” and a “journey,” they said. “The priest, the pastor needs to accompany people in difficult situations.”
Farrell told the National Catholic Reporter the divorced and remarried should be included “in all the ministries of the church.”
They did not specify but that would seem to include public positions like religious education instructors, parish music directors, and even Extraordinary Ministers of Holy Communion. Orthodox Catholic leaders oppose allowing those publicly contradicting the Church's teaching to hold public parish roles because doing so could give the impression of approval and thus cause scandal.
For example, in the Archdiocese of Philadelphia's new pastoral guidelines, Chaput wrote:
...care must be taken to avoid the unintended appearance of an endorsement of divorce and civil remarriage; thus, divorced and civilly remarried persons should not hold positions of responsibility in a parish (e.g. on a parish council), nor should they carry out liturgical ministries or functions (e.g., lector, extraordinary minister of Holy Communion).
However, the liberal German bishops' conference allows its employees to openly defy Church teaching.
“I think that we all need to read [Amoris Laetitia] many, many times,” said Farrell.
Farrell's apparent reference to the Buenos Aires letter and the pope's support for Communion for remarried divorcees joins a more explicit statement one of the other new U.S. cardinals made to an Italian newspaper this week.
Cardinal-elect Blase Cupich, archbishop of Chicago, explicitly referenced the Buenos Aires letter and the support Pope Francis gave it. Cupich said they agree with Pope Francis and Cardinal Christoph Schönborn on the issue.
TWO suspected Mexican drug dealers have been charged after being dramatically arrested at gunpoint in front of stunned onlookers in Neutral Bay.
Police believe Federico Gonzalez Magana, 32, and Juan Vergara Rodriguez, 49, are part of a drug cartel targeting Australia.
The pair were pulled from a car in traffic by gun-wielding officers on Friday afternoon before being handcuffed in front of a nearby shop.
The incident was filmed by a passer-by on their mobile phone.
Police later revealed they had allegedly found $30 million worth of drugs during raids across Sydney — the equivalent of 300,000 street deals.
News_Image_File: Police draw their weapons on two suspected drug dealers. Picture: Channel Seven News_Image_File: Police pull over the suspected drug dealers in Neutral Bay. Picture: Channel Seven
Following a tip-off, officers searched properties in Manly, Pennant Hills and Moore Park on Friday, seizing about 30kgs of a substance believed to be crystal meth.
Officers also seized two guns and about $2 million, suspected to be proceeds of crime.
AFP Serious and Organised Crime Commander Scott Lee said the arrests were the result of a joint operation with the Australian Crime Commission.
“This joint-agency operation is testament to our combined determination to stopping criminals from profiting from the importation of drugs into Australia”, Commander Lee said.
Both men were charged with possessing a commercial quantity of border-controlled drugs suspected of having been imported and dealing in money suspected to be proceeds of crime.
They were refused bail after appearing in court via video link and will face Central Local Court on Wednesday.
If convicted, they could face life in prison.
Tests are still being carried out to determine the purity of the drugs seized.
Opera was once just a maker of browsers (a browser that cost money in fact), but more recently it's branching out into other areas. For example, the Opera Max VPN service. Opera Max compresses data before it gets to your phone to lower your usage, and there's a new version out today. Opera Max v2.0 is in the Play Store, but it's got an entirely new listing.
This is actually the third listing for Opera Max. The first one hasn't been updated in a year, but the second was updated just a month ago. Well, now there's v2.0, for whatever reason. It has a similar look to the last version with many of the same UI elements. It sets up a VPN on your phone in seconds and includes reports of how much data you're saving.
Opera Max v2.0 includes a strange "Data Booster" feature that really isn't explained in detail. You are advised to press the boost button repeatedly throughout the day, but what good will that do? You're already connected to the Opera VPN. Maybe it's just a placebo thing, but the app does show you ads after it finishes boosting. Suspicious. We've reached out to Opera to get detail and will update if they respond.
Image caption The family of Nicola Furlong said they felt let down by the Japanese justice system
An American man has been found guilty of the murder of Irish student Nicola Furlong in Tokyo last May.
Richard Hinds, 19, was given a sentence of a minimum of five years and a maximum of 10 years, with labour.
In sentencing him, the chief judge said Hinds had shown no sign of remorse and had tainted the honour of the victim.
Ms Furlong, 21, was found strangled in a hotel in Tokyo in May last year. Hinds, from Tennessee, had denied the 21-year-old's murder.
The victim, from Curracloe, County Wexford, was studying in Japan as part of their studies with Dublin City University.
During the trial the prosecution had argued that Mr Hinds should serve a 10-year prison sentence.
Ten years is the maximum a minor can receive in Tokyo.
Last week, a friend of Hinds was convicted of sexually assaulting the woman Nicola Furlong was with on the night they died.
James Blackston, a 23-year-old dancer from Los Angeles, was sentenced to three years in prison.
Ms Furlong and their friend, who is also Irish but whose name was withheld, went to Tokyo to see a concert.
After the concert, the two met Hinds and Blackston and went with them to a bar.
At some point both of the women passed out. Prosecutors said they were drugged.
Security camera footage presented as evidence showed Blackston sexually assaulting Ms Furlong's friend in a taxi on the way to the hotel.
At the hotel, the men borrowed wheelchairs to get the unconscious women to the rooms.
Prosecutors said Hinds strangled Ms Furlong with a towel to keep them quiet after they regained consciousness.
Hinds are 19 and a minor under Japanese law when they were arrested, but is being tried in an adult court.
'Disgusted and angry'
After the sentence, Ms Furlong's mother Angela said: "Nicola's life was worth more than that.
"We still don't know the truth of what happened in that room but we know Nicola did nothing wrong, we knew that coming out anyway."
Nichola's sister Andrea said they felt let down by the Japanese criminal justice system.
"I'm absolutely disgusted and so angry and so hurt," they said.
"We had so much faith in the Japanese doing justice for us and I don't feel we got it."
In what circumstance would a pitching-needy team like the Toronto Blue Jays think about trading one of its established big-league arms?
When said arm's ceiling is a back-of-the-rotation starter, something that the team actually has an abundance of, I suppose. Yes, the Blue Jays have major needs in starting pitching, but considering that they've got potential back-end starters in Kyle Drabek, Esmil Rogers, Todd Redmond and Drew Hutchison (plus others), the issue that the team's rotation is facing is really more of a talent problem rather than a numbers one.
Even with the question marks that the group of pitchers has, it's undoubtedly the case that there are going to be a few guys who will end up being the odd men out if they go into Spring Training without any changes.
Happ isn't likely to be one of them, of course, but being experienced and established as a big leaguer is both a blessing and a curse for the lefty, as their ceiling limits the role and the value they could have for the team going into what is potentially a contract year. Are they a fit as the no. 4 or no. 5 starter? Sure. Are they necessarily so much better than Rogers, Redmond or even a prospect like Marcus Stroman in that spot that warrants their $5.2 million salary in 2014? Well …
In short, while Toronto could certainly use them in the starting five, Happ is far from a necessary piece for this team.
The same, however, cannot be said if they were to be on a different squad. In fact, given the eye-opening prices that starting pitchers are going at these days, you might even say that the 31-year-old would be a bargain for another team that's short on pitching depth, as he's under team control potentially through 2015 with a $6.7 million team option.
That gives the Blue Jays a unique opportunity to use them as trade bait to other pitching-deficient teams like the Los Angeles Angels, who just saw their former back-end starter Jason Vargas land a new four-year, $32 million deal with the Kansas City Royals off the strength of a … 1.5 fWAR season. Happ was a 1.2 fWAR pitcher through just 92.2 innings in a tumultuous 2013 season, so you'd figure he'd at least be a person of interest.
No, Happ is certainly not going to directly help Toronto land the frontline starter they want, but it's not inconceivable that they could be packaged with other pieces to acquire a second baseman like Howie Kendrick. Another potential dance partner for the Blue Jays is the Washington Nationals, who are looking for a back-end starter to replace Dan Haren and who may be looking to part ways with Danny Espinosa (and their torn rotator cuff) for good.
If a move were to be made, the latter scenario would see the Blue Jays save valuable millions that could ultimately be used to target a free agent starter, or to potentially extend a pitcher acquired in a trade like Jeff Samardzija.
Compared to the overall on-field value they could have for Toronto in 2014, especially given that the Bluebirds have their share of pitchers in a similar position at a lower cost … you'd think that even if they don't make a hard push to sell Happ, it's at least worth seriously exploring, no?
Thom is an MLB writer for RantSports.com. Follow them on Twitter @BlueJaysRant, or add them to your network on Google
About a year ago, before the release of Leadwerks 3, one of our users posted an image I thought was especially striking. I asked them if they could make a high-res render of it suitable for printing. After that, I saved it on my hard drive, not knowing when I would use it.
After getting the author's permission, I am creating a different kind of "stretch goal", one that aims for engagement rather than dollars.
A Thousand Linux Users
If we reach one thousand backers, choosing any reward, I will provide all backers, at all levels, with the full-size version of the image above. At a resolution of 6000x2435 pixels, this image can be printed to make a 20" wide picture with a resolution of 300 DPI (typically used for professional printing).
Why?
This isn't a very expensive proposal. At the time of this writing, it would take about $370 to meet. What it does is it gives us a quotable statistic we can use to promote Linux gaming. One thousand is a big number. If we can repeat again and again that a thousand Linux users backed a gaming project specifically aimed at Linux (not just tagged on as an afterthought), we can use that metric to convince people that Linux gaming is a rising star. In fact, I am going to the IGDA Summit in a couple of days to rub elbows with the game industry leaders, and would love to have that sound bite.
How?
This is up to you and the Linux community. We're seeking engagement with this goal, so outreach with social media is key, on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+. I want to be able to tell people a thousand Linux users backed Leadwerks for Linux, so I can convince developers I know that Linux is a great platform to build games for.
Thank you all for your participation. You've far exceeded my expectations already.
Feminist campaigners are calling for a "robust" response after it emerged that many state primary schools are incorporating the hijab into their uniform policies.
In a letter published in the Sunday Times last weekend (text below), they urged the state "to robustly defend hard-won freedoms and progressive values". They will soon meet Amanda Spielman, the chief inspector of schools in England, to discuss the issue.
The letter was co-ordinated by Amina Lone, of the Social Action and Research Foundation. Its other signatories included Gina Khan, of One Law for All, and the National Secular Society's campaigns director, Stephen Evans.
It came in response to a Sunday Times survey of 800 primary schools from 11 parts of England, which found that one in five had listed the hijab within their uniform policy. Girls as young as five were wearing the headscarf, which is associated with modesty codes and curbing sexuality.
The signatories called this "an affront to the historical fight for gender equality in our secular democracy" and said it was "creating a two-tiered form of non-equality" for young girls from Muslim backgrounds.
"Women's rights are the first to fall when religious extremists gain power," they said. "The image of brave Yazidi women burning their burqas should be a warning to us all. This is about power, control, status and regressive honour codes."
They added that Britain "has an abysmal record of protecting young Muslim girls, who suffer under the pretext of protecting religious freedoms". They cited the avoidance of "so-called sensitive issues such as female genital mutilation, child sexual exploitation and forced marriages".
They said the government was contradicting itself by "advocating more inclusion and cohesion" while "turning a blind eye when our schools are being politicised". And they called on readers to write to Justine Greening, the education secretary, to demand action.
Lone is among those who say girls from Muslim backgrounds are being pressurised to wear the hijab at younger ages. Last month they criticised Transport for London safety campaign which showed a four-year-old in a headscarf.
"A minority of very vocal hardliners within Muslim communities are pushing a narrow version of what constitutes an 'acceptable' Muslim woman," they wrote in the Guardian. "One who is veiled, compliant and modest in all their actions." They added that most Muslims accept that young children should not wear the hijab.
Earlier this month an Ofsted source said the inspectorate was "looking at whether there is evidence that schools are facing external pressure to adapt their policies".
And in one high-profile case last week, it was reported that the Muslim parents of an 11-year-old girl had withdrawn them from a Church of England school which refused to allow children under 16 to wear the headscarf. The parents said they had been "exposed to a gross injustice". The school said it was "committed to the inclusion of students from all backgrounds" and that "a uniform that does not distinguish between pupils' backgrounds is a positive way of achieving this aim".
Some religious leaders have defended the wearing of the hijab. The Bishop of Bradford, Tony Howarth, said allowance should be made in Church of England schools because young girls want to "look like their mums".
Text of letter
We are soon to meet Amanda Spielman, the chief inspector of schools, to discuss the unacceptable rise of the hijab in state-funded primary schools.
Muslim girls as young as five are increasingly veiled and schools are sanctioning this by including it as part of school uniform policies.
This is an affront to the historical fight for gender equality in our secular democracy and is creating a two-tiered form of non-equality for young Muslim girls. At a time of rising religious extremism (from all faiths) around the world, this is not a time for the state to diminish our collective rights but to robustly defend hard-won freedoms and progressive values.
To add insult to injury, Islam does not require children to cover their heads, so why are our schools allowing this in the name of "religious tolerance"?
Islam is not monolithic. These beliefs are subject to interpretation and highly politicised. These issues have to be understood in a global Islamic context. The covering of women is a key battleground and part of a push for systematic regressive practices of gender inequality. As women, we would legally have to cover up in Iran, Saudi Arabia and the Aceh Province, in Indonesia. We would be pressured to cover up in most Muslim countries just because we are female.
Women's rights are the first to fall when religious extremists gain power. The image of brave Yazidi women burning their burqas should be a warning to us all. This is about power, control, status and regressive honour codes.
Veiling is highly controversial because it is about modesty, curbing sexuality and sexual curiosity. But these gender codes are not set in stone. Countries such as India and Tunisia are fighting back against male-dominated orthodoxies and protecting women's rights against cultural and ultra-conservative religious practices.
Our country has an abysmal record on protecting young Muslim girls who suffer under the pretext of protecting religious freedoms rather than gender equality. We duck from challenging so-called sensitive issues such as female genital mutilation, child sexual exploitation and forced marriages. We are creating conditions that would be seen as abhorrent if transferred to other equality areas.
By turning a blind eye when our schools are being politicised, government contradicts itself when advocating for more inclusion and cohesion.
Fragmenting the education system is one thing. Turning our backs on equal rights for Muslim females is unacceptable. Muslim women lead this campaign and we welcome support from fellow citizens who want to protect our secular progressive democracy. We urge you to write to the minister of education, Justine Greening, and demand action.
Our state-funded schools should be a place where children can be free to learn, dream, create and question without limiting their choices.
Give women the choice; give children the freedom.
Amina Lone, Gina Khan, Zehra Zaidi, Aisha Ali Khan, Henna Rai, Iram Ramzan, Lejla Kuric, Sara Khan, Yasmin Rehman, Afsana Lachaux, Tehmina Kazi, Amber Lone, Stephen Evans
Chris Herhalt, CP24.com
Toronto Police have released images of a suspect after a convenience store was robbed in Scarborough's L'Amoureaux neighbourhood back in August.
Investigators say that on Aug. 26 at about noon, a man walked into a convenience store in the area of a Sheppard Avenue East and Birchmount Road.
The man went to the shopkeeper and asked to buy some lottery tickets.
When it came time to pay for the tickets, the man told the shopkeeper they would return with money to pay for them.
When they came back to the store a few minutes later, investigators allege they approached the counter and then pulled up their shirt to reveal a black handgun tucked into the waistband of their pants.
They allegedly demanded cash from the store employee and then fled the scene with an unknown amount of cash.
Police were able to retrieve video and images of a suspect from a surveillance camera inside the store.
 They are described as a black male between the age of 20 and 30, with a medium build. They were last seen wearing a button-down blue and white dress shirt, blue jeans and black sunglasses with reflective lenses.
Anyone with information on this suspect's identity is asked to call police at 416-808-7350, or Crime Stoppers at 416-222-8477 (TIPS).
Screen readers, list items and list-style:none
It's more or less common practice these days to use real HTML lists when what you're marking up makes logical sense as a list. If you don't want it to look like a standard ordered or unordered list, that's easy to fix with a bit of CSS. The underlying semantics will still be there for people using browsers without CSS support or screen readers.
But will it? The short answer is no, not always.
Browsers that do not support CSS at all (or have it turned off) will display ordered and unordered lists with no problems. But with screen readers the situation seems to be rather hit-or-miss. The content of list items will always be announced, but in several cases the list items themselves will not be announced.
I've made a list item demo page that has four lists – two ordered ( ol ) and two unordered ( ul ) lists. I've used CSS to remove the list markers from one list of each type by setting the list-style-type property to none (whether you use list-style:none or list-style-type:none and whether you declare it for ol , ul or li doesn't matter). Many would expect that screen readers would still announce the list items, especially for ordered lists, regardless of which CSS is applied to them. This is not always the case.
In my testing, Voice Over and Orca both stop announcing list items for numbered lists when list-style:none is applied. NVDA does too, but only when you use it with Firefox. If you use NVDA with IE, the list items are announced as expected.
The scenario is similar for unordered lists, but some screen readers don't announce list items (i.e. by saying “bullet” or similar) at all, list-style:none or not.
Here's a summary of the tests I have done:
Screen reader announcement of list item markers Screen reader ol ol , no markers ul ul , no markers NVDA 2011.2 (IE9) Yes Yes NVDA 2011.2 (FF6) Yes No Orca Yes No VoiceOver Yes No
Whether or not this is actually a problem for screen reader users depends on the situation, of course. In many cases it probably is not a major usability issue, but I can definitely imagine that it's useful to know which list item is currently being announced (or that you've entered a new list item). This is especially true for ordered lists or long lists.
In my opinion this is a case where screen readers take “screen reading” a bit too literally. Or, as may well be the case, browsers applying CSS too liberally before exposing item states and properties to screen readers through their accessibility APIs. I think in most cases screen reader users would benefit if list-style:none was ignored, or at the very least configurable to be ignored.
Whatever the reason, as a developer it surely doesn't hurt to be aware that list items often are not announced as such by screen readers.
About
The SelfiePICTEE is a shirt designed to let you look your best in selfies. An attached photo bounce (a smaller version similar to ones used by professional photographers) opens to reflect fill light onto the wearer's face to battle harsh shadows on the wearer's face.
I have taken a lot of selfies, and I have worked on a lot of photo shoots and a lot of video shoots. The one simple thing that can make the difference between a shot looking like crap and a shot looking like amazing gold magic is a metallic bounce. But most of the time, you need someone else to hold the bounce.
But… what if the bounce was attached to your shirt!?
This was the idea that started the SelfiePICTEE.
I started brainstorming designs, and with the help of Valerie Keiser, I created the SelfiePICTEE prototype.
We still have a few wrinkles to iron out, but what we have so far works exactly as I had imagined.
As I'll show you in later videos, the bounce completely detaches from the shirt to make the shirt machine washable, and can allow for interchangeable bounces.
We just need your help to get things started! Thanks!
LAGOS, May 13 - A Nigerian court sentenced an alleged member of Iran's Revolutionary Guard and a Nigerian accomplice to five years in prison on Monday over an illegal shipment of mortars and rockets seized in the main port of Lagos in 2010.
The shipment included rockets and other explosives that had been hidden in containers of building materials when authorities found it. Iran is barred from shipping weapons abroad under United Nations sanctions.
Azim Adhajani, accused of being a Tehran-based business person and member of Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps, was found guilty with Abuja-based business person Ali Usman Abbas Jega of importing illegal goods, false declaration on a bill of laden and concealment of firearms.
They and two more Nigerian suspects, customs clearing agents Ali Oroji Wamako and Mohammed Tukur, had also been charged with conspiring to re-export the illegal shipment to Banjul, Gambia, but this charge was not addressed.
Reports that Iranian security forces were ultimately trying to supply weapons to Casamance rebels in this shipment strained ties between Iran and Senegal.
Senegal's Casamance region lies between the Gambia to the north and Guinea-Bissau to the south. Separatist Casamance rebels have been fighting a low-intensity conflict for the independence of the region since the 1980s.
The seized weapons included assorted calibres of mortars and 107 mm rockets - designed to attack static targets and used by armies to support infantry units - as well as shells for a 23 mm anti-aircraft gun.
The two men have already spent more than two years in prison awaiting trial, time which will count towards their sentence.
Funcom released the first Conan Exiles gameplay trailer earlier Thursday and has now followed up with a planned Steam Early Access release date. The developer also took the time to answer fan questions in a Reddit AMA for the upcoming PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One open-world survival title.
Conan Exiles will be released as a Steam Early Access title for PC players first on September 13, 2016, just making the summer release deadline. Pricing has not been announced yet.
The developer currently has no plans to release the game to the Xbox Preview Program, which is similar to Steam's program, but says it is “still on the table.” Both consoles will receive Conan Exiles sometime after it completes its run through Early Access, otherwise.
“We're very excited (and a bit nervous) about launching our first Early Access title,” said Funcom CEO Rui Casais. “The team wants to give the players the best possible experience, and while we are used to working on a game for several years before letting players in, this time around we will let players in just nine months after development started! As with any Early Access games, some features and content will be more finalized than others, and players will be able to help us focus on what's important to them so that we can improve the game and flesh out content and systems before full launch.”
As previously covered, Conan Exiles comes with all the trappings of open-world survival games in the same vein as ARK: Survival Evolved, Rust, DayZ, and others in the genre. Players will be able to gather resources to build tools, weapons, and bases in a vast landscape based on Hyboria from the Conan franchise. Funcom does have a few things that will differentiate its game from others, though.
Religion
[Image via Funcom] The different religions from the Robert E. Howard novels will be represented in Conan Exiles and play an important role. The game will have two religions available when it launches in Steam Early Access and another six planned before the full release. Individual players and clans can join more than one religion, with the exception of worshipers of Mitra.
The different gods provide perks to worshipers, but will come with some form of restriction. For example, Set worshipers will gain poison resistance and snake arrows at the cost of not being able to kill snakes. Additionally, worshipers will need to continue to sacrifice other players to their god. An example provided by Funcom was that a giant snake will wreck what you own if you stop sacrificing people to Set.
The religion system also provides a form of sorcery for Conan Exiles players. Players will be able to craft and enhance weapons based on the god worshiped and rituals performed.
Purge System
[Image via Funcom] Survival games have been known to get stale as certain tribes or clans come to dominate a server and all players get into a routine. Different titles have different ways of dealing this, such as a monthly wipe. Funcom is electing to go with what it calls the Purge System.
This system will occasionally introduce invading NPC armies to the game world that will come through and attack players and their structures. Players can choose to defend their villages or trick them into attacking enemy villages. This system is also used to encourage players to group together, but can be turned off in the server settings for those that do not enjoy it.
Human NPCs
[Image via Funcom] Yes, Conan Exiles will have NPCs in the game world for players to interact with. The game will be filled with NPC factions “who you beat to death and then build your own kingdom on their ashes.”
The list of NPC enemies includes Darfari Cannibals, other Exiles, Stygian Relic Hunters, Degenerate Humanoids, and other groups based on the Conan fiction.
The AI controlling the NPCs will be relatively dumb when Exiles first launches on Steam Early Access, but will be improved over time.
Combat
[Image via Funcom] Funcom is focusing on skilled-based combat for Conan Exiles. This means something closer to The Elder Scrolls series with multiple attacks based on the weapon used, plus the ability to block. The developer provided the example of a one-handed sword that would have a light attack and power attack while a two-handed hammer will come with a light swing, heavy swing, overhead swing, and haft push.
Players will also have access to different armor types, debuffs, a “decently balanced stamina system,” and the ability to break through shields.
Additionally, Conan Exiles will feature “fatality” moves. This was briefly demonstrated in the trailer when one female warrior was cut in half at their waist. More fatalities will be introduced to the title with their own special animations, “like walking around looking for their heads.”
The Game World
[Image via Funcom] Obviously, a setting in fictional world of Conan will be unique as well. Funcom is targeting a world size of 53 km for full release, but it will be smaller at launch. The desert biome will be the first introduced with highlands, snowy mountains, jungle, forest, swamp, and more added later. These new biomes will expand the game world and give players new places to explore versus re-purposing existing areas.
There will also be underground places to explore. Players will likely not be able to build there, as they are meant for discovery and treasure hunting.
The map is not meant to be an exact recreation of the Hyboria landmass from the Conan novels or films. Instead, it is a “microcosm” of all the different cultures and areas thrown together for story reasons not yet explained.
Additions After Early Access Release
Steam Early Access provides Funcom with the opportunity to continue to add new content and features to Conan Exiles while also getting feedback from players. Some of the items mentioned in the Reddit AMA that could be released later include the ability to tame creatures and ride them, a classic soundtrack option, support for mods, a companion system, and stealth mechanics.
[Image via Funcom]
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The air force struck 29 targets across the Gaza Strip by press time on Wednesday night in response to a large-scale Islamic Jihad rocket attack on the South.
The bombardment of the western Negev marks the largest flare-up of Gazan terrorism since 2012.
At least 60 rockets – fired in simultaneous barrages from northern and southern Gaza – exploded in Israeli territory.The Iron Dome anti-rocket battery stationed in Sderot shot down three projectiles over the town.Eight rockets exploded in built-up areas, but none caused injuries, the army said.IDF tanks on the Gaza border struck two terrorist targets inside the Strip soon after the rocket attacks.Senior IDF commanders held an evaluation meeting, including Deputy Chief of Staff Maj.- Gen. Gadi Eizenkot; the head of the air force, Maj.-Gen. Amir Eshel; Military Intelligence head Maj.-Gen. Aviv Kochavi; and OC Southern Command Maj.-Gen. Sami Turgeman.Eizenkot is the acting chief of staff in place of Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz, who is in the US.The two men remained in touch throughout Wednesday evening.The rocket attack was the biggest on Israel since the eight-day Operation Pillar of Defense conflict with Gazan terrorist groups in November 2012, and it sent residents of Gaza-border communities fleeing for cover after consecutive rocket alerts.“This began yesterday, when an Islamic Jihad cell fired on our force that was operating on the security fence with Gaza,” a military source said on Wednesday. The IAF immediately returned fire after Tuesday's mortar attack, killing three Islamic Jihad members.On Wednesday, officials from the IDF's Home Front Command and Southern Command met with local government representatives in the South to discuss safety instructions.For now, the army said, residents of the Gaza-border region are advised to remain close to safety zones.Defense officials signaled that the IDF would carry out a significant retaliation.“We have no intention of ignoring any fire directed at us,” Turgeman told local government officials.Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said Israel would not go back to its daily routine.“We will not allow Islamic Jihad or any other element in the Strip to disrupt life in the South,” they said. “It won't be quiet in Gaza either, in a way that will cause Islamic Jihad terrorists to regret the attacks they carried out.“Hamas is responsible for what occurs in Gaza, and it, too, will have to take into account the fact that we won't tolerate fire at us,” they continued.“If it does not know how to enforce the quiet, it, too, will pay a heavy price.”Islamic Jihad took responsibility for Wednesday's attacks, claiming that more than 90 rockets and shells had been fired at Israel, a spokesperson for the group's armed wing, al-Quds Brigades, told Palestinian news agency Ma'an.“You haven't yet seen the extent of our capabilities,” added the spokesperson, who threatened longer-range rocket strikes on Israel if the IDF retaliated.The IDF closed the Kerem Shalom crossing into southern Gaza, and reduced traffic in the northern Erez crossing.Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said Israel should retake the Gaza Strip.“We cannot just let this pass,” they told Channel 2. “An attack like this, after operations like Pillar of Defense and Cast Lead [in December 2008-January 2009], leave no alternative other than the full occupation of the Gaza Strip, cleaning it out, and only then looking for a solution with the Egyptians. I am talking about the full occupation of Gaza.”Thousands of missiles are hidden in Gaza, and the terrorist organizations are increasing their rocket manufacturing capabilities, Liberman said.“There is a need to put an end to this,” they said. “The citizens of the South cannot be allowed to be hostages in the hands of the terrorists.”Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, asked about Liberman's comments at a press conference, did not endorse them, saying that they would not get into “operational details.”The United States condemned the rocket fire and backed Israel's right to retaliate against the perpetrators.“We call for these attacks to cease immediately,” a State Department official told The Jerusalem Post, condemning the barrage “in the strongest of terms.“Israel, like any nation, has a right to defend itself against such provocative attacks,” the official said.Michael Wilner in Washington contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Thanks to Amazon, buying things online has become one-click simple, but making sure that your precious cargo arrives in one piece gives vendors fits. Packing peanuts are environmentally toxic, wadded paper is imprecise, and bubble wrap—despite its fun—is an inefficient time waster. Enter ExpandOS, a new paper board packing material that can outshine styrofoam.
The ExpandOS system is comprised of a customized paperboard sheet material and an expander machine that rapidly cuts and folds the sheets into three-dimensional triangular structures. The ExpandOS sheets come in reams roughly the size of a box of copy paper, but when fed through the expander, pieces fly out like popcorn and a single ream can create enough widgets to fill a refrigerator box. Serrations on the edges of the structures help the pieces lock together creating a sturdy matrix around the special delivery.
>A single ream can create enough widgets to fill a refrigerator box.
ExpandOS has an undeniable kinetic charm, but how does it stack up to more traditional packing methods? According to ExpandOS CEO Jeff Boothman, their product is 20% less expensive than bubble wrap and up to 40% faster to use than foam-in-place packaging.
In addition to formal testing, the company sends skeptical potential customers a box containing a brick, coffee mug, and lightbulb—all natural enemies according to ExpandOS's inventor William Oliver—and so far have only had one broken mug reported. "We call the stuff paper cement," they say. "When you pile it out, things stay exactly where you put them."
It may not look like much, but each cut embodies clever design thinking. It's made from sustainably harvested paper pulp and is recyclable at the curbside, a rarity in the modern packing world. The "fingers" on the edge of the triangles act like locking mechanisms and prevent the migration of heavy objects to the bottom of the box in transit.
One ExpandOS's elegant features is it's ability to meet different technical requirements by changing the material's thickness. Triangles made from thinner paper can cushion bottles of olive oil from jolts while units made from heavy card stock can prevent a drill bit bound for an oil rig from piercing a shipping box.
ExpandOS has many technical and environmental benefits, but the product was born out of frustration and hunger, not altruism. Oliver, who previously designed machine tools for Ford and Mercedes, worked on a contraption to make molded paper pulp cubes, kind of like egg cartons. The system worked, but the bulky cubes weren't economically feasible to ship and the product flopped.
Oliver knew there had to be a flat pack solution and started experimenting with scissors, cardboard, and Elmer's to create what they call a "gluey mess." Haunted by hunger pangs they daydreamed of a box of baked goods and was reminded of the slits in the pink boxes that lock the pieces together. They started reworking their design, eliminated the glue, and began developing a machine tool that could cut, fold, and lock millions of little paper triangles.
While he's happy with the product, Oliver is a process engineer at heart and is more excited by the consistency their invention brings to warehouses. "Traditional paper packing is very subjective—you might get a big gorilla who's gonna put eight sheets in or you could get a little person who had too much to drink the night before and they don't want to put anything in," says Oliver. "We did enough test to tell companies exactly how much product to put in for a given task. There's a scientific aspect so you can tailor it to your needs and guarantee the results."
If you want to give a ExpandOS a shot, ready-to-use kits are available at Lowe's, Home Depot, U Haul, and Public Storage, and the ExpandOS website.
39 years ago today, Anita Bryant was iconically pied in the face by gay rights activist Tom Higgins.
Bryant was being interviewed for their crusade against homosexuals when the historic moment hit them right in the face.
“At least it was a fruit pie,” Bryant responded before bursting into tears and praying.
Bryant was the public leader for Save Our Children, a political coalition that was against homosexuals and sought to overturn an ordinance that prohibited discrimination in housing, employment, and public accommodation.
“What these people really want, hidden behind obscure legal phrases, is the legal right to propose to our children that theirs is an acceptable alternate way of life,” Bryant said in 1977. “I will lead such a crusade to stop it as this country has not seen before.”
The gay community retaliated against the campaign by boycotting Florida orange juice, as Bryant was their brand ambassador. Gay bars stopped selling screwdrivers and instead sold Anita Bryants, made with vodka and apple juice, the proceeds from which went to a fund that would help to fight against Bryant.
As a result, Bryant lost their contract with the Florida Citrus Commission, their marriage failed, and fundamentalist audiences and venues shunned them as they were no longer allowed to attend their events.
Bryant is still active today running Anita Bryant Ministries International. But she'll be forever remembered like this:
Image copyright AFP Image caption UR Ananthamurthy said they made the anti-Modi comments out of frustration
Award-winning Indian writer UR Ananthamurthy has told the BBC that they have been receiving threatening calls for their comments criticising India's PM-elect Narendra Modi.
A few months ago, the Kannada language writer had said that they would leave the country if Mr Modi became India's PM.
They later retracted their statement saying they had made it out of frustration.
After Mr Modi's landslide victory in the election results, a Hindu hardline group said they should go to Pakistan.
The group, which calls itself NaMo Brigade, said it had sent the writer a one-way ticket to Karachi for 17 May - a day after the vote count. NaMo is short for Narendra Modi.
Although Mr Ananthamurthy denied receiving the ticket, they said they had received "calls at odd hours threatening me and asking me why don't you take the air ticket and go away to Pakistan".
"It's very mean of them. I am a very serious writer of this country. I am now 82. I have written novels which are known all over the world. I have communicated my concept of the Indian village to the world. I am not an elitist writer. I cannot be made fun of like that. I am a very proud man," they said.
Bangalore police commissioner Raghavendra Auradkar said the writer had "orally communicated to us that they had received threat calls. We have posted a police platoon at their residence for theirs protection".
Meanwhile, national award winning filmmaker Girish Kasaravalli has come out in Mr Ananthamurthy's support.
"One should understand the sentiment when a personality like Ananthamurthy makes a statement like that. One shouldn't take it literally. Very often people confuse the man with their ideology. Criticism of an ideology does not mean they are criticising the individual personally," they said.
"We live in a democracy in which you can express your views. Ananthamurthy has a clear view of independent India where people of all religions, languages and cultures live peacefully."
Representatives of the NaMo Brigade did not respond to calls from the BBC.
Hospitals are cancelling the largest number of operations for 10 years, according to new official figures, prompting warnings that the NHS is under “extreme pressure”.
A total of 20,464 planned surgeries were cancelled at the last minute for non-clinical reasons in January, February and March in England.
That was the most since the first three months of 2005, when 21,500 surgeries had to be called off. And it was up from the 17,868 cancellations seen in the same quarter of 2014: a rise of almost 15%.
The figures published on Friday led to warnings that patients affected suffered anxiety or distress as a result.
Call-offs happen because beds set aside for patients having elective – or planned – surgery are needed for other cases, often ones that have recently come in as emergencies. They can also be the result of nurses and doctors being needed elsewhere in the hospital.
Plymouth Hospitals NHS trust cancelled 648 operations – the most of any trust – and Hull and East Yorkshire Hospitals NHS Trust was second-worst, with 526 cancellations. A few trusts cancelled none.
Patients whose surgery is cancelled at the last minute are meant to have their rearranged operation within 28 days. But the latest NHS England figures show that more and more people are having to wait longer than that.
Almost one in 10 such patients in the first quarter of this year – 1,787 (8.7%) in all – did not then receive their treatment within the supposed maximum time. That was the highest figure since January-March 2006, when 1,959 had to wait longer than 28 days.
“Care is in effect being rationed. The NHS is being forced to choose between which patients to treat now and which patients must wait longer for treatment”, said Dr Mark Porter, the head of the British Medical Association.
Porter said: “Behind each cancelled operation is an anxious patient left waiting longer for treatment, with some patients experiencing more than one cancellation. These figures lay bare the extreme pressure across the system.”
Dr Peter Carter, general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, said: “Operations are critical in restoring patients to health and it is extremely concerning that patients are having to wait this long for treatment. These figures reflect the perilous state of affairs in overstretched acute services.”
Budget cuts had led to serious understaffing across the NHS, so it was no surprise that cancelled operations were reaching such heights, they added.
Andrew Gwynne, Labour's health spokesperson, said government policies had left hospitals unable to cope with a surge in demand for care.
“These figures are another sign of how the NHS has gone downhill. David Cameron … caused this crisis by making it harder to see a GP and taking social care support away from hundreds of thousands of people.”
NHS England insisted that cancellations had “remained low in the context of the millions of operations performed in the NHS each year, and the unprecedented level of demand we have seen across the whole health system this winter.”
The latest weekly A&E performance statistics, also published on Friday, confirm that the NHS is struggling to deal with patients as quickly as it should.
A&E units in England have failed to treat and admit, discharge or transfer 95% of arrivals within four hours for the 32nd week in a row. The target has now been breached continuously since the end of last September.
In the week ending 10 May, 93.4% of those turning up were seen on time.
A total of 6,600 patients had to wait for more than four hours before they were admitted, up from 5,400 the week before.
NHS England said: “These latest figures show our frontline staff continue to deliver an excellent service while coming under sustained pressure.”
The Department of Health said that the number of cancelled operations were “very low” and that its plans to transform how care is delivered would ultimately reduce pressure on hospitals.
“The NHS is busier than ever, which is why we have invested an extra £2bn this year to reduce pressure. But we also need to tackle the underlying challenges facing the NHS so we will join up care for patients, improve access through seven-day services and do more to prevent illness in the first place,” a spokesperson said.
HONG KONG — China's space agency said on Saturday that it will launch astronauts later in June to perform the country's first manned space docking, the latest step in the country's ambitious plan for space exploration.
The Shenzhou 9 spacecraft will dock with the Tiangong 1 orbital module “sometime in mid-June,” according to Xinhua, China's official news agency, quoting an unidentified spokesperson for the country's space program. The government did not say how long the mission will last.
Niu Hongguang, deputy commander-in-chief of the country's manned space program, said the three-person crew may include female astronauts, Xinhua reported, but the decision will be made “on the very last condition.”
On Saturday the spacecraft and its carrier rocket were moved to the launch platform at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, a rocket-launching complex in the Gobi Desert in northwest China. In the coming days, tests will be performed on the selected astronauts, the spacecraft, carrier rocket and ground systems, according to Xinhua, citing the spokesperson for the space agency.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One crew member will remain aboard the Shenzhou 9 as a precautionary measure while the others enter the orbital module, Xinhua said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Beijing announced last December a five-year plan for space exploration that includes launching a space lab and collecting samples from the moon by 2016. The government has previously vowed to reach the moon and launch its own manned space station by 2020.
The current congressional session draws to a close in just over two weeks, but that hasn't stopped outgoing Texas Rep. Steve Stockman (R) from taking a chance on a couple of last-minute bills.
Washington, D.C. radio station WAMU reported Wednesday that Stockman has introduced a bill requiring the city to open a public firing range, which it does not currently have. They also introduced a second bill that would prohibit the use of traffic cameras in the district and withhold federal highway funds from other cities that use the cameras.
Since losing the Republican Senate primary to incumbent John Cornyn (R-TX) in March, Stockman has introduced a number of such longshot bills and resolutions that appear to be pure trolling.
Just last week, they proposed a bill called the “Stockman Effect Act” that would compel the National Science Foundation to “study the effect of the Earth's magnetic field on the weather” (something Stockman appears to have made up out of thin air) and force Congress to acknowledge that a “decrease in magnetic fields could impact global temperatures.” Scientists say that's unlikely.
Here's a sampling of other wild legislation Stockman has proposed in their final year in Congress:
History of NorwayFrom Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
From around the time of the Roman Empire until about 800 AD, many stone inscriptions can be found, written in Runes. Apparently, the petty kingdoms developed during these centuries.
The period from 800–1066 is referred to in Norwegian history as the Viking age. During this period, Norwegians, as well as Swedes and Danes, traveled abroad on longships, as raiders, explorers, settlers and traders.
By the middle of the 11th century, the Norwegian kingdom was firmly established, although there was still only a very rudimentary administrative framework. After the Black Death Norway entered into a period of decline.
1396–1537 Norway was a part of Kalmar Union.
From 1537 to 1814 Norway was a part of Denmark-Norway.
Denmark–Norway entered into an alliance with Napoleon, with the war leading to dire conditions and mass starvation in 1812. In 1814 Denmark-Norway was defeated in the Napoleonic wars and the king was forced to cede Norway to the king of Sweden in the Treaty of Kiel (January 14). Sweden and Norway adopted a loose union.
This period also saw the rise of the Norwegian romantic nationalism cultural movement, as Norwegians sought to define and express a distinct national character. The union with Sweden was dissolved in 1905.
Norway remained neutral during World War I. During both World Wars, Norway claimed neutrality, but it was invaded by German forces during World War II on April 9, 1940.
Norway joined NATO in 1949. Two plebiscites to join the European Union failed by narrow margins in 1972 and 1994. Norway has been a close ally of the United States. Large reserves of petroleum and natural gas were discovered in the 1960s, which led to a continuing boom in the economy.
Black service members are up to two times more likely to face court-martial or other forms of military punishment than their white counterparts in an average year, an analysis by advocacy organization Protect Our Defenders has revealed.
According to USA Today, which received an advance copy of the study, the advocacy group for victims of sexual assault in the military went through Pentagon data from 2006 to 2015 to compile its report, and came up with the perhaps not-so-surprising results.
“Over the past decade, racial disparities have persisted in the military justice system without indications of improvement,” the report states. “These disparities are particularly striking for black service members, who face military justice or disciplinary action at much higher rates than white service members in every service branch. In fact, the size of the disparity between white and black service members' military justices involvement has remained consistent over the years, and, in the case of the Air Force and Marine Corps has increased.”
A spokesperson for the Pentagon said that officials will look over the report while keeping in mind the Department of Defense's policy that service members be able to serve in a discrimination-free environment.
“It is long-standing Department of Defense policy that service members must be afforded the opportunity to serve in an environment free from unlawful racial discrimination,” Johnny Michael, a Pentagon spokesperson, said, according to USA Today. “The department will review any new information concerning implementation of and compliance with this policy.”
Advertisement
As the site notes, military services did provide different sets of data in response to the request from Protect Our Defenders, which does make comparisons between the branches of military more difficult. As an example, the Air Force gave proceedings from court martial and nonjudicial punishment from 2006 to 2015, while the Marine Corps handed over information concerning guilty findings for court martial and nonjudicial punishment for the same time period.
Nonetheless, with the information provided, researchers discovered that the Marine Corps had some serious issues surrounding race, particularly in cases where the harshest penalties are an option. Black Marines were 2.6 times more likely than their white colleagues to get a guilty finding at a general court-martial.
Also noted in the study: Black airmen were 71 percent more likely than their white airmen to face court-martial or nonjudicial punishment.
Advertisement
In the Army, black soldiers were 61 percent more likely to face court-martial, while in the Navy, black sailors were 40 percent more likely to be court-martialed.
“From the findings of the study, race appears like it plays a big role, which is disheartening,” Don Christensen, president of Protect our Defenders and a former chief prosecutor for the Air Force, said, according to USA Today. “It seems to have a sizable role in determining if somebody's going to go to court or receive nonjudicial punishment. I'm really not sure what exactly explains it, and that's what is really troubling. The military has known about these numbers for decades and has done nothing about it.”
Christensen also pointed to a lack of diversity within the military as a possible reason that black troops see a disparity in justice. In 2016, approximately 78 percent of military officers were white, while about 8 percent were black.
Advertisement
“If you look at the leadership of military, it skews very dramatically white and male, and you would imagine that the closer relationships will be with white male subordinates,” Christensen said. “Hence, they probably get the benefit of the doubt that the African-American males don't.”
Read more at USA Today.
Between legislatures introducing hundreds of abortion restrictions and the bevy of attacks made on Planned Parenthood, 2015 has been a harrowing year for women's reproductive rights. While some have deployed defensive tactics like storytelling and hashtag activism to counter the attacks, a unique ally has risen among the ranks, wielding their scientific knowledge: Bill Nye.
Nye took on the idea of life at conception in a Big Think video released this week.
"If you're going to say when an egg is fertilized, it therefore has the same rights as an individual, then whom are you going to sue?" Nye asks in the video. "Whom are you going to imprison? Every woman who has had a fertilized egg pass through her? Every guy whose sperm has fertilized an egg but it didn't become a human?"
As Nye points out, scientists have disputed the ideology behind abortion bans and other laws based on ideas like the concept that life begins the moment an egg is fertilized.
"You cannot help but notice — and I'm not the first guy to notice — you have a lot of guys of European descent passing these extraordinary laws based on ignorance," they say. Even beyond legislators allowing their "interpretation of a book written 5,000 years ago" to influence the abortion-related laws they pass, Nye says, everyone must do better to "respect the facts," when it comes to women's reproductive rights at large.
"Recommending or insisting on abstinence has been completely ineffective," they say. "Closing abortion clinics, not giving women access to birth control has not been a way to lead to healthier societies."
Research backs Nye up. One 2007 study found that abstinence-only education has no impact on preventing teens from having sex, while another showed that teen pregnancy rates are higher in states with abstinence-only sex education curriculum. Studies also show that abortion restrictions as well as birth control access restrictions negatively impact women's health.
"We have so many more problems," Nye says in the video. "To squander resources on this argument based on bad science on just lack of understanding is very frustrating."
Ultimately, Nye summarizes what women themselves have been saying about their reproductive rights for years.
"When it comes to women's rights with respect to their reproduction," Nye said, "I think you should leave it to women."
h/t Huffington Post
Original interview conducted by Vik Winchester of Scene for Dummies and Alexander Shemyakin of Deuce Dot Com for the Deuce Dot Com VK page
Edited by Scrubsauce
March 18, 2014
- Hello, Jimmy. First of all, introduce yourself to our readers.
Jimmy Yuma: Yoooooooooo, I'm Jimmy Yuma aka “True Grit”, aka “Bean Slice”, aka “Tummy Packin'”, aka “A Pringle Can”. How y'all doin?
- You have a great nicknames, haha! Well, tell us more about yourself, like "Jimmy Yuma: The Beginning", your childhood, etcetera.
Jimmy Yuma: Hahah, thanks. Shit… Well.
Born and raised in Los Angeles, met Deuce when I was like 5, picked up a guitar when I was like 10. Never got good at guitar, started skating instead. Never got good at skateboarding, Deuce and I created some bands, I disappeared. Deuce went through a bunch of bands, they created Hollywood Undead. I appeared, and asked Deuce if they needed any help. They taught me how to studio engineer. I engineered their vox for some tracks for Hollywood Undead's Swan Songs. Deuce asked me to record some of their own songs. Deuce/HU broke up, and they told me that I was going to play guitar for him, and if I didn't learn the songs they would just mute me on stage. I learned the songs, played with Deuce on stage, did an interview with awesome Russian fans, and going to Russia to play on stage soon, stoked!
- Wow, you answered really well, haha! But… since this is interview, it's time to go into details! You said that you and Deuce create some bands back in the days, what's up with that?
Jimmy Yuma: We were pretty young,
Deuce wanted to play guitar and I wanted to sing…
I wanted to cover Misfits and AFI songs and they wanted to write new shit. We tried a few times to write some stuff, they were pretty fucking bad ass at singing even way back then and writing. We tried it out with a few people on different instruments I think there is a cassette tape somewhere of Deuce covering “Halloween” by The Misfits when they were like 15 or 16. They pretty much killed it.
Misfits - Halloween. Original version of the song.
We practiced in my parents' garage somewhere in the valley. After that Deuce hooked up with some other bands trying to find some kids to play with. I think they went through a shit ton of bands singing and playing guitar for them. They were getting pretty fuckin' good, they have the funniest stories in the world from when they were young and doing that shit. I think their homie and they saw The Aquabats loading up outside The Viper Room or something after a show and their then-homie decided it would be dope as fuck to steal a guitar. They were loading in a van, right in front of them. I think they ended up running around all night trying to escape the wrath of The Aquabats and The Aquabats got their guitar back pretty easy. You got to ask them though, shit's amazing. I went to a bunch of their shows, he's a born commander, even way back then yelling at the audience to do what they wanted, even though half the audience was homies and shit. That about covers that, what about you, how did you get into music and what bands did you create? What're your influences? I really don't know how the music scene works out there, I need hot tips for when I land.
- You were a singer? Man, that's a plot twist! This is great story, haha! Well, next step was Hollywood Undead era. Many fans got misleading information about your role. I know you were a studio engineer, and also you designed Deuce's mask, right?
Jimmy Yuma: Haha yeah, wasn't actually a singer, tried for sure though. In the early Swan Songs days, before the first tour, Da Kurlzz asked me to design their mask. I said yep and they were stoked with how it turned out, it was based off of their ideas. Deuce asked me next and I did a quick mockup for their mask. They and I came up with an anime type chrome mask (the Deuce mask).
The rest of the band was stoked on both masks and then everyone in the band wanted a mask designed. Each of the masks were based on their own ideas. I just did the basic artwork for them so everyone could make tweaks and have final masks. I did the designs, but they were based on what each individual member asked me to do. Then I turned over all my files to the dude that actually/physically made the masks and they made the molds of their faces and put my art in, carved it, etcetera. They all came out super sick and everyone was stoked. Then Deuce left and they all made glowin' the dark goblin masks but Deuce kept their style. Hollywood Undead was already going on by the time I reappeared in this world, and that's when I started to engineer for Deuce. Deuce asked me to control the live sound for Hollywood Undead, and I was more than happy to do that shit. Everything was good with the band and we were all happy and shit with my role and supporting the band and shit. I was never actually in the band or anything, just crew. I went on 1 or 2 tours with them running sound (DJ type setup for all the strings and synths and drums and shit that was in the backing music), and then after that there was a rough patch in the band and I was told to fuck off by the band (not Deuce) and Hollywod Undead's management and label. I kept engineering for Deuce, doing their music and when they went back on tour about a year later I went with them as their "assistant", just helping them and the band out with whatever they wanted. I was basically a roadie, helping with equipment and getting them shit (not live shit), but mainly helping out Deuce with their studio on the road on the bus and shit while they wrote new shit. That was the last tour I went on and I think that was the last tour they went on as well.
- After that, you were helping Deuce setting up for "Nine Lives" release. I remember, back in the days, these pictures was floating around the web, could you tell us more about that videoshoot, and what happened to it?
Jimmy Yuma: Yeah! After that, Deuce was just writing, getting my help to record, and engineering and stuff. We tried to film a video for “Don't Approach Me”, and it came out pretty good but we realized we needed better equipment and stuff and had to reshoot most of it. It was a brutal ass video, lots of murders and stuff but never got to finish it. Those peeps in the photos were working on their video with us, and Mark later came and did front of house for us on the Fight to Unite tour #1.
[peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-PWV7KzF6R54/VtvzzDr5jTI/AAAAAAAAAP0/Dj2F_RultYs/s144-o/35662_1501205216462_5902079_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258864165649747250" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205216462_5902079_n.jpg" image_size="604x453" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ] [peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-js7AO2OvIAU/VtvzMF2CfxI/AAAAAAAAAPw/mENR6c71BNQ/s144-o/35662_1501205056458_1928282_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258863496214249234" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205056458_1928282_n.jpg" image_size="604x453" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ] [peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-9F_SHL0NWao/VtvzMNzNqdI/AAAAAAAAAPw/em6TOcme56E/s144-o/35662_1501205696474_3284633_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258863498349881810" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205696474_3284633_n.jpg" image_size="604x453" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ] [peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-cik-fumcvp8/VtvzMMEWtTI/AAAAAAAAAPw/DXJJ9pBWM9A/s144-o/35662_1501205256463_4309106_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258863497884906802" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205256463_4309106_n.jpg" image_size="720x540" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ] [peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-awRRJHWsH14/VtvzMAZe9vI/AAAAAAAAAPw/3w5qzgig2YE/s144-o/35662_1501205336465_6119310_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258863494752302834" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205336465_6119310_n.jpg" image_size="453x604" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ] [peg-image src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Anc3qgfXjsE/VtvzMMpo5lI/AAAAAAAAAPw/DdmXOCj40Bk/s144-o/35662_1501205136460_5313867_n.jpg" href="https://picasaweb.google.com/116762208719503384681/ArticleImages#6258863498041288274" caption="" type="image" alt="35662_1501205136460_5313867_n.jpg" image_size="604x453" peg_single_image_size="w175-c" ]
Shooting "Don't Approach Me" video.
- Unreleased video? Interesting haha! Too bad it's buried. What about tour life? Did you enjoy it? Like rocking on the stage, meeting the fans. Do you have one crazy story from tour for us?
Jimmy Yuma: Yeah I know! It was okay, but we didn't have good enough shit ahaha. Yeah I had a great time, loved touring with Deuce at all points. With Deuce it was fucking amazing meeting all the fans, and helping them meet Deuce and chill with them and shit. Being on stage is probably the fucking dopest thing ever, I don't know how to describe it, but I always try and grab fans/homies and bring them up there to join in on the mic, so I can share it. Yeah, crazy stories.... shit. Got plenty of them: Deuce BJ in the bathroom while Deuce Crew & Drownin Pool dudes throwing fireworks in there, and all around blowing the place up and then the cops rolling up, that was fucking insane, trading kisses for duct tape so I could fix equipment, getting pulled into the audience by a 45 year old meth addict, jumping offstage into a hill and eating shit, breaking my guitar at the end of “America”, meeting Prong (long time fan of theirs') and having them insult the shit out of me was awesome, having Aaron Lewis from Staind ask "What's for chicken?" in the tour dinner line, having strippers cry as they leave our RV. Yeah plenty of fun shit man hahah, it really is a shit ton of work, but when you're on stage it's worth it. The craziness doesn't seem crazy ‘til you think about it later anyways.
- You're recently started a clothing line "PLRKLR". What was the idea behind it, what we can expect in the new collection?
Jimmy Yuma: Yeah, PLRKLR is actually not really launched, something we are starting up. We are about to do a lot with it hopefully, I have been designing for a while and making shirts, apparel, skate shit, etcetera for a lot of companies for a long ass time.
So, it's something that is fun for me to do and I get to have a big outlet for creativity. I grabbed my homie Bone (designer/coder), and Tye (drummer for Deuce) got in on the business end. We really want to make some sick ass shit for kids to wear. We want to open it to all of Europe and Russia and everything ASAP, but it's something we kind of want to get right before we go totally all out on it. PLRKLR (player killer) is basically a way to let people know you belong to a minority of people that contain vast amounts of power and control. The new collection will have a lot of the artist's own designs and hopefully some women's gear as well. We shall see.
- Were you involved into recording process of the new album? I didn't see you on the videos, where are you, Yuuuuuuma?
Jimmy Yuma: Absolutely, James, Tye, and Deuce have been working on all the music and I have been engineering Deuce's vocals and have been helping here and there with whatever. It's coming out amazing, mainly just basic engineering though, super excited for how this album is gonna turn out.
- Any estimates on album release or a single or whatever?
Jimmy Yuma: No, not yet, that's a Deuce question for sure.
- Well, it least I tried, haha! So, you will be in Russia in a few weeks, are you excited?
Jimmy Yuma: Hahaha, I'd tell you if I knew! Crazy excited, can't wait.
Discovery
Titan: A Climate Out of This World
Researchers using ground-based telescopes and space probes make amazing discoveries about the atmospheric cycle of Saturns the largest moon, and find similarities to Earth
Composite visible/infrared view of Titan shows a world with features strikingly similar to Earth.
January 7, 2010
Our knowledge of Titan has improved considerably over the last five years. Before that, Saturn's largest satellite had only been hastily approached by a handful of space probes.
In 1980, the Voyager-1 spacecraft took advantage of a flyby to take a few mysterious, yet frustrating, close-ups of Titan's opaque, rusty atmosphere. Despite its color, Titan actually seemed to look a lot like the early Earth.
There was a general feeling of excitement and perplexity: what lay beneath this atmosphere? Could Titan support life?
In July 2004, NASA's Cassini space probe entered Saturn's distant realm, this time to stay. The probe was designed right after Voyager's visit by a scientific community eager to unveil those new mysteries.
And unveil them it did. It has been hard to keep up with the flow of discoveries delivered from Titan to Earth since then. We now know that the 5,150-kilometer- (km, or 3,200-mile-) wide world has lakes and riverbeds. Earlier this year, even fog was discovered at Titan's South Pole.
Even more compelling is the fact that, just like similar features on Earth, all of those features are tightly related. Evaporated liquids create clouds that are carried around the planet by winds--and probably cause precipitation. This has never been seen on any other extraterrestrial body.
Moreover, Titan's atmospheric cycle is not a water cycle. It is instead an exotic climate of hydrocarbons that features methane and ethane. On Earth, those are gases, but the extremely cold temperature of Titan, around minus 290 degrees Fahrenheit (F, or minus 180 degrees Celcius), allows them to be liquid as well (and maybe even solid).
Weather forecast
Titan scientists grew very excited by these discoveries. "We can study the meteorological cycle on another planetary body involving a different molecule (methane)," said Emily Schaller, of the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory. They started observing Titan from the ground in 2002, at the beginning of their doctorate, two years before Cassini arrived.
"I was monitoring the weather on Titan using the NASA Infrared Telescope Facility on Mauna Kea. I looked for daily changes in Titan's brightness that were due to the presence of clouds."
Ground-based observatories such as the 3-meter NASA Infrared Telescope Facility (IRTF) might indeed not be as detailed as Cassini for high-resolution pictures, but when it comes to daily monitoring, they are the ideal instruments. Indeed, Cassini only flies by Titan roughly every two months.
So what is it like to study the daily changes of another world? "Nearly every night a spectrum of Titan is taken with IRTF," Schaller explains. "Every morning, I download and process that data to determine the amount of cloud cover on Titan. The result is that I get a daily weather report for Titan."
The IRTF cannot resolve Titan's globe: it just sees a point of light. You can tell when there are clouds because the dot gets brighter at certain wavelengths. When there seemed to be a cloud showing up in Titan's atmosphere, Schaller would call their colleague Henry Roe of the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz., who had a target-of-opportunity proposal on the bigger 8-meter Gemini North Telescope. The National Science Foundation-supported Gemini telescope, equipped with adaptive optics, is able to take a resolved picture of Titan's disk to determine the latitudes and longitudes of the clouds Schaller detected with IRTF. Schaller continued with these observations for six years, the time it took them to complete their doctoral studies.
"The day I handed in my dissertation, I reduced the daily data and was just shocked. I thought at first I did something wrong. I e-mailed Henry Roe, and the next night, they triggered observations on Gemini. Sure enough, there was a huge cloud in the tropics," Schaller recalled.
It was the first time such an observation was made. "I joke that it was Titan's little present to me," they added.
More to come
Titan's climate is expected to change rapidly in the coming months, as the distant Saturn system reached the spring equinox in August 2009.
"The year on Titan lasts about 30 Earth years. My thesis lasted six years--not even a Titan season!" explains Schaller. "It is now the equivalent of March 21 on Titan. When I started my thesis, it was December 22. We are now entering an interesting time as Titan is changing seasons," they add.
Scientists try to predict what the impact of the coming northern spring will be. They are using Earth atmospheric models, modified for Titan's smaller size and temperature. Titan provides us with an Earth-like, yet alternative, atmospheric circulation system to study. The observation of seasonal climate changes on an alien world may possibly help us better understand how things work on Earth, too. This process is called comparative planetology.
Since Titan is so similar to our planet, some scientists are asking whether it could even support life. "It is much further away from the Sun," said Schaller. "The cold temperature means that chemical reactions occur very slowly, so the chances of life are very slim. Though there might be a chance of life further down in the interior of Titan."
Indeed, some heat could be preserved inside Titan, and last year, Cassini's observations provided clues for a potential ocean of hydrocarbons under the surface. However, if there is life anywhere else in the solar system, many scientists suspect it may be more likely to appear on Jupiter's icy moon Europa, which is closer to the Sun and likely to have a subsurface ocean of water.
After Cassini and the successful landing of the piggyback European Space Agency Huygens probe on Titan's surface in 2005, the scientific community is already thinking about the next mission to explore Titan. Exotic concepts have been proposed, such as balloons or boats to study the lakes, as part of a so-called Titan Saturn System Mission.
Read more and watch a webcast about the findings in the related press release. Listen to the winds of Titan here.
-- Marc Neveu, National Science Foundation, nifiou@gmail.com
This Behind the Scenes article was provided to LiveScience in partnership with the National Science Foundation.
Titan (top) emerges from behind its parent planet, Saturn. Tethys is visible at the bottom left.
Credit and Larger Version
Composite visible/ infrared view of Titan's North Pole as seen by the Cassini spacecraft.
Credit and Larger Version
The tropical cloud observed by Emily Schaller from the ground in April 2008.
Credit and Larger Version
On left, is largest of Titan's northern lakes. It has a larger area than Lake Superior (right).
Credit and Larger Version
Investigators
Emily Schaller
Henry Roe
Related Institutions/Organizations
AURA/National Optical Astronomy Observatories
California Institute of Technology
Gemini Observatory
Lowell Observatory
University of Arizona
University of Hawaii Institute of Astronomy
Locations
Arizona
California
Hawaii
Related Programs
Gemini Observatory
NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellowships
Related Awards
#0401559 Titan's Methane Meteorological Cycle
#0647970 Management and Operations of the Gemini Observatory
#0525280 AURA Management and Operation of the Gemini Observatory
#0307929 Robotic and Adaptive Optics Monitoring of Clouds on Titan
Total Grants
$368,084
Related Agencies
NASA
Brother Guy Consolmagno is first religious brother to receive the prestigious science award.
If you met an alien from outer space, would you welcome them into your RCIA program and baptize them at the Easter Vigil?
That's the question posed by Michigan-born Brother Guy Consolmagno, Jesuit astronomer and planetary scientist, in their latest book, “Would You Baptize an Extraterrestrial?” The book, co-authored by Father Paul Meuller, S.J., looks at serious and humorous questions from the astronomers' in-box at the Vatican Observatory, and reveals how science and faith look at the same issues in different but complementary ways.
The question is a serious one. Pope Francis made the same point in a homily in May 2014 when they asked, “Imagine if a Martian showed up, all big ears and big nose like a child's drawing, and they asked to be baptized. How would you react?” The Pope was making the point that everyone has a “right” to receive the Holy Spirit—even those, such as big green aliens, who seem not at all like us.
This week at the 46th annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society's Division of Planetary Scientists in Tucson, Arizona, Brother Guy Consolmagno will receive one of planetary science's most prestigious awards, the Carl Sagan Medal. The award was created in 1998 in commemoration of astronomer Carl Sagan, whose popular TV series “Cosmos” helped to generate enthusiasm for science and for space travel. The Sagan Medal “recognizes and honors outstanding communication by an active planetary scientist to the general public, and is awarded to scientists whose efforts have significantly contributed to a public understanding of, and enthusiasm for, planetary science.”
Brother Guy is the first religious brother to receive the Sagan Medal. The American Astronomical Society, in announcing the award last July, said that Consolmagno "occupies a unique position within our profession as a credible spokesperson for scientific honesty within the context of religious belief."
Consolmagno is one of twelve Vatican astronomers. For two decades, they have served as curator of the Vatican's extensive meteorite collection. He's been a worldwide lecturer, and is one of four Jesuits in history to have had an asteroid named after them—4597 Consolmagno, also known to scientists as “Little Guy.”
Consolmagno has authored or co-authored several books, including their most recent "Would You Baptize an Extraterrestrial" as well as "Turn Left at Orion: Hundreds of Night Sky Objects to See in a Home Telescope—And How to Find Them," "God's Mechanics: How Scientists and Engineers Make Sense of Religion," "The Heavens Proclaim: Astronomy and the Vatican," and "Brother Astronomer: Adventures of a Vatican Scientist."
Kathy Schiffer is a freelance writer and speaker, and their blog Seasons of Grace can be found on the Catholic Portal at Patheos. Video courtesy of the Detroit Free Press.
by Brendan O'Connor
Elizabeth Wurtzel is writing a new book. You may have accidentally read some of it already. Them piece published on Thought Catalog earlier this month is an excerpt from it. The book is titled Yes because that is Elizabeth Wurtzel's favorite one-word sentence. They told us so last night, during their reading at “Addiction Literature,” hosted by the No. 8 Literary Society at the bar No. 8, which is the descendant of Bungalow 8. The working subtitle of Wurtzel's book is “A History Of Love At First Sight In New York.”
The excerpt — as it first appeared on Thought Catalog — is titled “Just That Way.” It is about how they have an affair with a married man who had otherwise been faithful for the first decade of their marriage. This story, they told us, is adapted from an email they wrote to another man, explaining the nature of the relationship. “Men are evil,” they said. “I'm diabolical.”
They clutched the stem of an over-full glass of red wine like it was a subway pole. But then again, she's old. (But not too old.) They wrote about being old (but not too old) for New York magazine dot com. “I am lucky: I run, and Gyrotonic sessions three times a week have kept me in the same shape I have always been in,” they wrote.
“Everyone who said they were going to die before they got old did so at age 27 and the rest have doggedly and pathetically and triumphantly persevered,” Wurtzel recently wrote at the Daily Beast. Well. The first person in the band who played this song to die did so while detoxing from alcohol at age 32; the next one died of a cocaine-induced heart attack at 57. The other two are still alive: the person who actually wrote the lyric is 68, and the person who sang it is 69. But Wurtzel probably knows that.
Wurtzel is worried about young people, because they don't listen to enough rock and roll as much as they — an old-but-not-too-old person who has done a lot of drugs — would like. Specifically, they don't listen to enough Led Zeppelin. The members of Led Zeppelin also did a lot of drugs. One of them even died when they were 32! (He choked on their own vomit.) It doesn't matter that young people today have their own version of co-opted black music to listen to, though; Led Zeppelin is way better.
Wurtzel was joined by someone who once played the keyboard for the Brian Jonestown Massacre. (The Brian Jonestown Massacre was a rock and roll band who did a lot of drugs in the ‘90s.) They were also once in Kenickie, which is far more notable. The keyboardist looked very rock and roll in a t-shirt and blazer with several pins on the lapel. They wore a fedora and announced that they are writing a new book, as well! (He's written two already. They were published by major publishing houses and they will be publishing their new book himself.) “As much fun as it is getting fucked in the ass with no lube,” they said, “I decided to do something for myself.”
The keyboardist for the Brian Jonestown Massacre read about how methadone is not as satisfying as heroin. They did not read about any experience they might have with ass-fucking, but they did talk about prison rape. There was a lot of blood and swearing and some soaring prose lamenting the fact that there are no statues commemorating dead junkies. They took a dramatic swig of Stella Artois. One worried that their fedora might fall off.
Another reader was James Freed. James Freed read an excerpt from their book about a struggling writer in their 30s who turns to drugs. This writer takes drugs and wanders around New York City — that's where we are! — looking for inspiration. They come across a man who tells them a story about buying Henry Miller a drink. (This is what's called a ‘frame narrative' and it is a terribly sophisticated way of telling a story. Chaucer's Canterbury Tales is a frame narrative, and so is Joseph Conrad's Heart Of Darkness. Neither of those books are addiction literature, however — unless you are addicted to COLONIALISM.) Anyway, they tell the struggling writer a story about meeting Henry Miller in a bar, and buying Henry Miller a drink, and walking across the Brooklyn Bridge with Henry Miller, and ending up in Walt Whitman's house, and the writer wants to go into the attic because that's where Whitman wrote their poetry, except first they have to go into the basement and it turns out that it's an insane asylum for people who don't know what is real, and then the writer goes back to their house and kills their girlfriend. Freed read all of this quite breathlessly.
Susan Kirschbaum, who organized the event, read an excerpt from their book Who Town about how a needle full of drugs is like a penis but better. Them microphone kept cutting in and out.
The difficulty presented by writing about addiction is that the writer has chosen a subject which is, by definition, utterly tedious. The boredom of looking for your next fix isn't worth writing about — Wurtzel knows this. All that exists or matters for the addict is the addiction. All of life's meaning is reduced to the satisfaction of this one immense urge: satisfaction that takes the form of oblivion. This is a real, tragic thing that happens to real people. It ruins lives, although, apparently, sometimes it doesn't ruin some of them enough. The story of that ruination isn't in and of itself an interesting one. Before they read from Thought Catalog, Wurtzel read from their memoir More, Now, Again. “Every addict tells the same story,” they said. Right?
Brendan O'Connor is a writer in New York. Image by Christopher Sessums.
CHICAGO — An 18-year-old woman was killed after another woman — reportedly a romantic rival — chased them in an SUV and rammed them into a Morgan Park tree repeatedly on Saturday night, police said.
An argument turned into a chase when a woman, 24, got into a car and chased the other woman on the sidewalk. The driver used their car to ram the victim into a tree and struck them repeatedly before fleeing the scene, police said.
The driver, identified as Chynna Stapleton, was later arrested by police and charged with murder.
The victim, Tatyanna Lewis, was found dead at the scene of the incident that occurred at 11:10 p.m. in the 11400 block of South May Street.
 They are the daughter of a Chicago police officer, according to reports.
Wtinesses told ABC7 that the driver was upset by rumors they had seen on social media that the now-deceased woman was in a relationship with the father of the driver's child.
Activist Andrew Holmes told the Sun-Times that there was a child in the back seat of the SUV at the time of the incident.
Woman killed in Morgan Park after being rammed into tree...https://t.co/vOcR56dITZ pic.twitter.com/upDPM2AtZq — ABC 7 Chicago (@ABC7Chicago) May 13, 2017
One witness told the station that they had heard shouting.
"All I heard was, 'Get out of the way' and when I came out here they were driving up on them They hit them with the car and, like, drug them into the tree," said the witness.
Another witness told CBS2 that the situation was "devastating," adding, "I've never seen anything like this before in my life."
The 24-year-old driver, of the 300 block of East 131st Place, hit another vehicle about a mile away and was arrested.
A Republican strategy Richard Nixon would love.
A Republican strategy Richard Nixon would love.
In virtually every state in the South, at the Congressional and state level, Republicans—to protect and expand their gains in 2010—have increased the number of minority voters in majority-minority districts represented overwhelmingly by black Democrats while diluting the minority vote in swing or crossover districts held by white Democrats. “What's uniform across the South is that Republicans are using race as a central basis in drawing districts for partisan advantage,” says Anita Earls, a prominent civil rights lawyer and executive director of the Durham-based Southern Coalition for Social Justice. “The bigger picture is to ultimately make the Democratic Party in the South be represented only by people of color.” The GOP's long-term goal is to enshrine a system of racially polarized voting that will make it harder for Democrats to win races on local, state, federal and presidential levels. Four years after the election of Barack Obama, which offered the promise of a new day of postracial politics in states like North Carolina, Republicans are once again employing a Southern Strategy that would make Richard Nixon and Lee Atwater proud.
Ari Berman has another must-read article on the systematic effort of the GOP to disenfranchise millions, focusing in this installment on redistricing—and resegregation—in the South.
If there ever was a strong argument for a 50-state strategy for Democrats, in which strong parties are fostered and competitive in every single state, this is it. The GOP is hell-bent on cheating its way to a permanent majority, whether by voter suppression or a return to segregation. And it's largely happening because of the concerted effort by Republicans in the last 30 years to begin working at the local level, dominating local politics and creating a strong infrastructure to take over first state legislatures, then governorships, secretaries of state, and federal offices.
The fight is in the courts, too, with no fewer than five suits currently pending against Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. Section 5 is the provision that requires states covered by the act to receive pre-clearance from the Justice Department or a three-judge District Court in Washington for any election law changes that affect minority voters. One of these challenges could well make it to the Supreme Court, where its fate is at best uncertain.
For more of the week's news, make the jump below the fold.
Submitted by Adam Taggart of Peak Prosperity,
This week, Chris talks with Jeff Clark, Senior Precious Metals Analyst at Casey Research, where they serve as editor of their Big Gold newsletter.
They tackle head-on many of the questions weary precious metals investors are wondering after enduing the volatile yet range-bound price action of gold and silver over the past year:
Have the fundamentals for owning gold & silver changed over the past year? No
No What are they? currency devaluation/crisis, supply-chain risk, ore grade depletion
currency devaluation/crisis, supply-chain risk, ore grade depletion How should retail investors own gold? Mostly physical metal, some quality mining majors (avoid the indices), and ETFs only for trading
Mostly physical metal, some quality mining majors (avoid the indices), and ETFs only for trading Is gold in a bubble? No
No Could gold get re-monetized? Quite possibly
Quite possibly Where is gold flowing? From the West to the East. At some point, capital controls will be put in place
What the politicians are doing is the exact opposite of what they need to be doing. We continue adding to our debt, we continue raising the debt ceiling, we continue deficit spending, we continue borrowing money, and, of course, we continue printing money. We are doing the exact opposite of all the things that would lead us away from inflation. So yes, I think that is an important point. I will add that inflation has occurred very quickly, very rapidly, very suddenly many times in the past, just in recent history. If you look back at the high inflationary times, just in the past 100 years here in the U.S., many of those that hit 12%, 14%, 15% -- two years prior to then, the CPI was completely benign. It was 1%, 2% – I think at one point it was 4% – and then all of a sudden within 24 months, it was 12%, 14%. So it can happen very suddenly, and my fear is that is what is going to happen this time. People are in a lull; no one is expecting it: the CPI is low; nothing is really happening with all this money printing; there has been no fallout. But I think that is the critical point. You cannot do these kinds of things we are doing forever and not experience any consequences. Sooner or later there are going to be consequences to what we are doing, and my fear is that it is going to be nasty, catch a lot of people off guard, and really hurt our society. The bottom line for me is, that is why I am buying gold and silver, still, to this day.
For these reasons and others, Jeff strongly believes everyone should have exposure to gold and silver as a defense for preserving the purchasing power of their weath. The key question is: how much exposure?
You want to focus on how many ounces you own, not necessarily looking at whether the price is $5 higher today than it was yesterday. How many ounces do you own? That is really the question you want to ask yourself, so you can focus on how much you are really going to need, and the amount really comes down to this. For me, I am probably going to use some of this gold if we get high inflation. How are you going to protect your standard of living if we get some kind of runaway inflation? And let's say it's not runaway hyperinflation; let's just say it's high inflation, 10%, 15%. Remember it was 14% in 1980, so the odds of us getting high inflation are realistic. So if I am going to use that gold to cover my standard of living, you are going to need about two thirds of an ounce of gold for every thousand dollars of monthly expenses. If you want to protect your standard of living and not have your house be ravaged by inflation, so to speak, so that is a good guideline to follow. So if inflation lasts a couple years, well, you are going to need 15 ounces of gold for every thousand dollars of monthly expenses. That is a good guideline to think about. And if your expenses are more per month, you are going to need more gold than that. If inflation lasts longer than two years, you are going to need more than that, but you can actually use the sales of gold and silver to protect your standard of living. You sell some gold and silver, you are going to get U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars with it and you can use the increase in the gold and silver price to offset the increase in the goods and services you are buying. So I think that is the way to view it, to look at how you are going to use it. And so the focus again comes back to how many ounces do you own? So if you do not have any, you need to obviously start buying.
Here are two tables -- one for gold and the other for silver -- Jeff offers in their newsletter to help investors calculate the requisite ounces needed to protect against rising inflation over time:
The point here is that you're probably going to need more ounces than you think. Look at your bank statement and assess how much you spend each month – and do it honestly. The other part of the equation is how long we'll need to use gold and silver to cover those expenses. The potential duration of high inflation will dictate how much physical bullion we need stashed away. This is also probably longer than you think; in Weimar Germany, high inflation lasted two years – and then hyperinflation hit and lasted another two. Four years of high inflation. That's not kindling – that's a wildfire roaring through your back yard. So here's how much gold you'll need, depending on your monthly expenses and how long high inflation lasts. Ounces of Gold Needed to Meet Expenses During High Inflation Monthly expenses in US dollars Monthly expenses in gold, oz* Inflation Duration 6 months 1 year 18 months 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years $500 0.31 1.9 3.7 5.6 7.5 11.2 15.0 18.7 $1,000 0.63 3.8 7.5 11.3 15.0 22.5 30.0 37.5 $2,000 1.25 7.5 15.0 22.5 30.0 45.0 60.0 75.0 $3,000 1.88 11.3 22.5 33.8 45.0 67.5 90.0 112.5 $4,000 2.50 15.0 30.0 45.0 60.0 90.0 120.0 150.0 $5,000 3.13 18.8 37.5 56.3 75.0 112.5 150.0 187.5 $10,000 6.25 37.5 75.0 112.5 150.0 225.0 300.0 375.0 $20,000 12.50 75.0 150.0 225.0 300.0 450.0 600.0 750.0 *Based on $1,600 gold price If my monthly expenses are about $3,000/month, I need 45 ounces to cover two years of high inflation, and 90 if it lasts four years. Those already well off should use the bottom rows of the table. How much will you need? Of course many of us own silver, too. Here's how many ounces we'd need, if we saved in silver. Ounces of Silver Needed to Meet Expenses During High Inflation Monthly expenses in US dollars Monthly expenses in silver, oz* Inflation Duration 6 months 1 year 18 months 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years $500 17.9 107.1 214.2 321.3 428.4 642.6 856.8 1,071.0 $1,000 35.7 214.3 428.5 642.8 857.0 1,285.6 1,714.1 2,142.6 $2,000 71.4 428.5 857.0 1,285.6 1,714.1 2,571.1 3,428.2 4,285.2 $3,000 107.1 642.8 1,285.7 1,928.5 2,571.4 3,857.0 5,142.7 6,428.4 $4,000 142.9 857.1 1,714.2 2,571.3 3,428.4 5,142.6 6,856.8 8,571.0 $5,000 178.6 1,071.4 2,142.8 3,214.3 4,285.7 6,428.5 8,571.4 10,714.2 $10,000 357.1 2,142.6 4,285.0 6,427.8 8,570.4 1,2855.6 17,140.8 21,426.0 $20,000 714.3 4,285.7 8,571.4 12,857.0 17,142.7 25,714.1 34,285.4 42,856.8 *Based on $28 silver price A $3,000 monthly budget needs 1,285 ounces to get through one year, or 3,857 ounces for three years. I know these amounts probably sound like a lot. But here's the thing: if you don't save now in gold and silver, you're going to spend a whole lot more later. What I've outlined here is exactly what gold and silver are for: to protect your purchasing power, your standard of living.
Jeff discusses the Hard Assets Alliance as a solution worth considering when purchasing bullion. For more information on the HAA can be found here.
Click the play button below to listen to Chris' interview with Jeff Clark (46m:01s):
December 26, 2009
So much has appeared in the international press and on the Internet that it would seem to be an exercise in redundancy to offer a perspective on the tragedy that befell the people of Gaza last year, especially the Gazan children. A devastating and colossal tragedy it certainly was; the Israeli attacks by sea, air and land were more brutal than anything the inhabitants of Gaza had ever endured previously.
The pictures that flooded television screens around the world showed a gruesome parade of young corpses and wounded children being loaded into and unloaded from the trunks of private cars that transported them to the only hospital in Gaza worthy of being called a hospital. People of conscience all over the world found these images horrifyingly explicit and they brought home to us both the magnitude of the death and destruction unleashed by Israels brutal assault against helpless and innocent Gazan children who had nowhere to run or hide. This latest orgy of air strikes and armed incursions by Israeli military forces turned the besieged and starved Strip into an unbearable inferno - literally into the Killing Fields of Gaza.
In November 2000, the Globe and Mail published my article "Who are the victims here?" in which I described the living conditions of Palestinian children in the Gaza Strip during my stay in the occupied territories in 1999:
"I recently observed the effects of the 'peace process when I visited the children of Jenin, Nablus, Ramallah, Gaza, Rafah and East Jerusalem. These children know first-hand the effects of military and economic oppression. There is hardly a family that has not experienced torture, imprisonment or economic hardship.
"Most of these children live in refugee camps in houses with corrugated roofs and cramped living spaces. Often, they do not have running water. The children lack adequate schools, health-care facilities, hospitals, social services, public parks, swimming pools, or recreation facilities. In the camps, the streets are their playgrounds, often with open sewers and waste flowing freely. They have seen no other reality."
It is sad that what seems so obvious to rest of the world escapes the minds of apologists for Israeli state terror.
Children make up more than half of crowded Gazas 1.4 million people and are the most defenseless victims of Israeli siege of Gaza. Israel's harsh security measures come at an enormous humanitarian cost and the stark reality is that under Israeli occupation, an entire generation of Palestinian children and youth have suffered a litany of horrific, traumatizing events for thirty years. In addition to almost-daily home demolitions, they have witnessed intimidation, humiliation, fear, insecurity, poverty, closures, and the menacing presence of armed settlers.
With all their healthy socializing structures destroyed by the Israeli military, these children have never known peace or security, or the freedom to roam the streets and playgrounds. Gazas children, like their parents, continuously face hardship in simply going about their lives; they are prevented from living in peace and security, going to school, or doing things that make up the daily fabric of most people's existence. Their parents have not known peace and freedom either, and cannot even dream about a safe and productive future for their children, and the children to come after them.
Ever since the moribund Oslo peace accord, they have been living in large prison camps. Now, locked up and besieged in Gaza by an Israeli army that happens to be one of the most powerful in the world, these children are under attack in their own land, in their own homes, and are being subjected to economic, psychological, physical and emotional terror from the air, sea and ground. Indeed all of Gaza has become a danger zone where childrens homes have been demolished, bombed, and shelled, killing children inside. Other children have been killed while riding in cars with their parents, while playing in the streets, while walking to school, visiting friends, and even while taking refuge in a UN Shelter.
Imagine the psychological and emotional terror experienced by children who grow up knowing that their parents cannot protect them from helicopter gunships, ground missiles, or snipers bullets. These children have no escape routes, no options, because the Israeli army and invading settlers are the ones who determine which child, which family, will be shot; which houses and trees will be bulldozed and uprooted; which street or alleyway will be hit by the sharpshooters. Their basic human rights are being trampled on by deliberate policies of the Israeli government whose obscene actions have denied these innocent children education, safety, health, economic well-being and all the amenities of normal life.
This nightmare of the children of Gaza is best described in the pages of Franz Kafka:
Lawrence Davidson in Counter Punch writes that, "In Kafkas world, the prevailing theme is uncertainty and unpredictability. There are no set rules for behavior and the orders given by authorities seem arbitrary and even contradictory. You do not know what the laws are. The 'authorities in Kafkas work sit in their fortresses and periodically intrude upon the lives of the confused and apparently helpless protagonists."
Similarly, nothing is predictable for Palestinians. Israels rules can change from one day to the next without notice or explanation. They live in an arbitrary environment, continuously adapting to circumstances they cannot influence and which increasingly reduce the range of their possibilities. No one really knows how many Palestinian children will continue to re- experience the horrors of conflict psychologically and emotionally throughout their lives.
Yet, as the world witnessed the organized, ruthless killing and maiming of these Palestinian children, there was only deafening silence from our "humane" Canadian government. If Prime Minister Harper so greatly respects the dignity of human life as they stated during their recent visit to China they would have asked Israel long ago to cease its murderous onslaught on the children of Gaza.
During my stay in the occupied territories, I was often asked by Palestinians why the world ignored their sufferings and their right to self-determination. I had no answer then. But today I can tell them that they are not alone; the world is outraged at what it witnessed in Gaza and for the "first time since the establishment of the State of Israel, an international campaign calling for sanctions against Israel for its innumerous violations of International Law has been very successful in drawing huge public attention and initiating a great number of mobilizations and initiatives around the world." (Michel Warschawski)
No amount of "anti-Semitic" or "self-hating" labels pasted on people of conscience who criticize the Israeli occupation can stifle that debate; it is a debate now spreading throughout the world, focusing unavoidable scrutiny on Israel and its brutal occupation of Palestinian territories.
When the dust settles, history will record that the atrocities repeatedly committed by Israel against defenseless Palestinian children in Gaza was a turning-point in the long ordeal of Palestines occupation. Things can never be the same again in Palestine because the world knows more of the truth about Israels cruel agenda than ever before.
----------------------------------------
(Mrs. Wahida Valiante is national president of the Canadian Islamic Congress.  They are a retired professional family counselor who visited Palestine as part of a fact-finding medical team. While there, the team visited refugee camps, health care clinics, hospitals, orphanages, childrens schools, local and international charities and women's refugee centers, as well as speaking extensively with social workers and local Palestinian families.)
