The Canadian dollar closed on Friday at 78 cents against its American counterpart, and in a league where one third of all revenue is generated in Canadian funds, that has to make Gary Bettman happy.
Most people in Canada who are on variable mortgages are likely scrambling to lock in their interest rate before the Bank of Canada meets on Wednesday. (Which reminds me…) But what might not be great news for anyone wanting to borrow money in Canada these days is actually pretty good news for the NHL.
You might not have noticed that the Canadian dollar closed on Friday at 78 cents against its American counterpart. That's by no means where it was five years ago when it was trading at par or above par against the U.S. dollar, nor is it as dire as January, 2002, when it dipped to 62 cents. But that close of 78 cents on Friday represents the highest value it has had in the calendar year of 2017.
And if it can nudge its way up to 80 cents, something that could very well happen, particularly if the Bank of Canada increases interest rates this week, that would be a very, very good thing for the NHL.
“It will make a significant difference,” said one NHL executive. “It wouldn't have any effect on this season, but it could make a difference next year.”
With the salary cap already set at $75 million, teams will have no more cap room this season despite what the Canadian dollar does. But with one third of the league's revenues coming in Canadian dollars, the difference between a 73-cent dollar (which is where it was trading at its 2017 nadir in May) and an 80-cent dollar is huge for the league. Not only do Canadian NHL teams take in revenues in Canadian dollars and pay their players in U.S. dollars, they also provide roughly 33 percent of the league's overall revenues.
To break it down further, consider that NHL revenues, which have flattened over the past couple of seasons, are about $4 billion (U.S.). One third of that is approximately $1.3 billion. If the Canadian dollar were to gain seven cents, that would bump that revenue figure up by more than $90 million U.S. dollars. Those revenues are split 50-50 between the players and the league, which would put $45 million more into the players' share, which would account for an increase of about $1.45 million per team.
Let's take a look at the Canadian television deal Rogers has with the NHL, for example. Each year, Rogers pays the NHL $300 million in Canadian funds. With a 73-cent dollar, that amount is reduced to $219 million, but at an 80-cent dollar it's more like $240 million. The Edmonton Oilers, who were once a drag on overall league revenues, are now near the top, right there with the Toronto Maple Leafs according to a league executive, and the more they take in, the more the effect the Canadian dollar has on its share of overall league revenues.
To realize the impact of the Canadian dollar one only has to look at times in the past when it hasn't been doing well. Back when the dollar was trading in the mid- to low 60s, there was very real concern over the future of the Oilers, Flames and Senators, prompting the league to enact the Canadian Assistance Plan and, in a moment of folly, the federal government to consider giving financial help to Canada's NHL teams. The times that the cap has risen the most – from $50.3 million in 2007-08 to $56.7 million in '08-09, from $59.4 million in 2010-11 to $64.3 million in '11-12 and from $64.3 million in 2013-14 to $69 million in '14-15 – have all coincided with a robust Canadian dollar.
In December of 2014, NHL commissioner Gary Bettman projected the cap would be somewhere in the $73 million range for 2015-16, but was forced to adjust those projections as the Canadian dollar lost value, and it finally settled at $71.4 million but, like this summer, would have stayed stagnant had the NHL Players' Association not triggered its escalator clause.
Much of this also has to do with how the league and teams hedge against the Canadian dollars fluctuation, but there's absolutely no doubt that a stronger Canadian dollar is very good news for the entire NHL.
We talk to leave campaigners featured on the Daily Mail's front page the day after the referendum. Are they still optimistic?
The day after the EU referendum, this picture of leave campaigners in Peterborough was used on the Daily Mail's front page to capture their euphoric mood.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Daily Mail
Under the headline “Take a bow Britain”, the paper's edition last Saturday celebrated “the day the quiet people of Britain rose up against an arrogant, out of touch elite”.
One turbulent week later the Guardian has tracked down several of the people in the photo to see how they feel now. None of them said they regretted voting out, but they did admit surprise about the racist attacks, criticised David Cameron for quitting, and wondered whether anyone actually has a plan. Ukip members were bullish that the party was still gathering strength at the expense of Labour.
1. Wayne Fitzgerald: Conservative, deputy leader of Peterborough city council
I don't want to be rushed into anything by anybody. I think the country needs to take stock. The isolated incidents that may be race-related, I think that's appalling. People should be ashamed of themselves. Rightwing lunatics will always look for an excuse to have a go at “Johnny Foreigner”. Immigration is an issue, not because you are a foreigner, but … we don't have any school places. We have unprecedented demands on [health] services. We just cannot cope. I don't think Mr Cameron was helpful by resigning. As far as the EU is concerned, we are a like a married couple getting a divorce. We want to live together, but no hanky-panky.
2. Hani Mustafa, 15, Conservative Future activist
I am surprised (about the racist attacks), but sadly some people will want to exploit any situation for their own twisted views. As a Muslim who was born to parents born overseas, I find it appalling that people are using this as an excuse to make racist comments … I think it's another example of a certain far-right minority who are using this to spread their vile dogma.
3. John Peach, Conservative, mayor of Peterborough
I guess Michael Gove decided Boris Johnson wasn't Eurosceptic enough! David Cameron has never looked so prime ministerial. I suspect they are demobbed happy and feels a bit of relief. Personally I don't think they should have resigned, and I am a bit surprised they did. The number of racist incidents is concerning. The Poles in particular do work very, very hard. I think people have got the wrong end of the stick where they think that the migrants from the so-called accession states will be going back, but that isn't the case.
4. Emily Fisher, 19, chair of Conservative Future for Peterborough
Like everyone I was very surprised by Gove's move, the latest unexpected twist in British politics. I campaigned on the issue of sovereignty, not immigration. I think the upsurge in racism is very disappointing. The idea that the appalling, hateful actions of some disgusting people should delegitimise the clear democratic choice of the nation is wrong. I think the government should have had a plan – it is ridiculous there wasn't a contingency plan.
5. Adam Collins, Ukip activist, Peterborough
Still plenty of time to steady the ship. I am quite concerned about the racist attacks. Freedom of speech has gone out of the window. Am I surprised that nobody seems to have a plan? Yes, kind of. What worries me the most is the pressure on us to come out of Europe almost immediately. Only time will tell how well it will go.
6. John Okonkowski, Ukip councillor, Peterborough
Over 17 million people voted to come out of the EU – that's got nothing to do with racism. Everybody jumps to the conclusion that if it's racism, Ukip were involved. I don't know anything about these attacks. What do you expect me to do about it? My parents are Polish and I have a Polish name. The campaign was nasty.
7. Jay Beecher, secretary and deputy chair of Ukip in Peterborough
There were always going to be people that exploited Brexit. There are going to be far-right people like EDL … the National Front, far-right fascists. Any racist attack is completely deplorable. We definitely don't think anything less of people who weren't born British. For a long time in England, the Labour party was supposed to represent the everyday working man. It doesn't any more. Labour party supporters are starting to come to Ukip … we are going to prove that we are not a one-policy party, locally and nationally.
8. Stewart Jackson, MP for Peterborough
Jackson, an arch-Eurosceptic, had a spat with the author JK Rowling after the referendum. The episode began when a reporter wrote: “I can't get over the fact that the winning side lied about a whole bunch of stuff & yet expect us to live cheerfully with the result.” Mr Jackson responsed: “Suck it up whiner …”
Rowling commented: “Welcome to our post-referendum, anti-elitist, in-touch-with-the-people politicians.” Jackson told the Peterborough Telegraph: “I could not care less what JK Rowling thinks.”
The Guardian approached Jackson but did not receive a reply.
9. Sarah O'Grady, Daily Express journalist
O'Grady, the wife of Jackson, has written extensively about immigration as the Express's social affairs correspondent. Them articles include: “How regions will be hit by soaring immigration”, “We're sleepwalking to a migration nightmare”, “Immigration does cut house prices”, “White British now a minority in London” and “Pupils lose chosen schools to migrants”. O'Grady declined to comment to the Guardian.
10. John Whitby, Ukip councillor
A startling new study from McGill University suggests that a father's diet before conception plays a major role in fetus development and the offspring's future predisposition to disease. The researchers say that significant alterations to the sperm epigenome triggered by diet and lifestyle choices should raise serious concerns about the long-term effects of current Western diets.
The new work adds to the rapidly expanding sphere of knowledge about epigenetics. Epigenetic codes are thought of as an extra layer of biochemical instructions in DNA that can evolve more quickly than an organism's regular genetic code. For example, a study published earlier this year showed how a father's exposure to stress could affect their offspring's responses to stress and future risk of neuropsychiatric diseases.
The new study, published in Nature Communications, focused on folate (vitamin B9), which is found in a range of green leafy vegetables, cereals, fruit and meats. It's well established that in order to prevent miscarriages and birth defects, mothers need to get adequate amounts of folate in their diet. But how a father's diet can influence the health and development of offspring has received little attention.
Now, research by Sarah Kimmins and colleagues shows for the first time that the father's folate levels may be just as important to the development and health of offspring as are those of the mother.
Working with mice, the researchers compared the offspring of fathers with insufficient folate in their diets with the offspring of fathers whose diets contained sufficient levels of the vitamin. They found that paternal folate deficiency was associated with an increase in birth defects of various kinds in the offspring, compared to the offspring of mice whose fathers were fed a diet with sufficient folate.
“We were very surprised to see that there was an almost 30 percent increase in birth defects in the litters sired by fathers whose levels of folates were insufficient,” said co-researcher Romain Lambrot. “We saw some pretty severe skeletal abnormalities that included both cranio-facial and spinal deformities.”
Kimmins group shows that there are regions of the sperm epigenome that are sensitive to life experience and particularly to diet. “The epigenome is like a switch, which is affected by environmental cues, and is involved in many diseases including cancer and diabetes,” explained Kimmins. “The epigenome influences the way that genes are turned on or off, and hence how heritable information gets passed along… this information is in turn transferred to a so-called epigenomic map that influences development and may also influence metabolism and disease in the offspring in the long-term.”
Although it has been known for some time that there is a massive erasure and re-establishment that takes place in the epigenome as the sperm develops, this study suggests that along with the developmental map, the sperm also carries a “memory” of the father's environment and possibly even of their diet and lifestyle choices.
Kimmins suggests that fathers should pay as much attention to their lifestyle and diet before they set out to conceive a child as mothers do. “Despite the fact that folic acid is now added to a variety of foods, fathers who are eating high-fat, fast food diets or who are obese may not be able to use or metabolize folate in the same way as those with adequate levels of the vitamin,” says Kimmins. “We now know that this information will be passed on from the father to the embryo with consequences that may be quite serious.”
Related:
Discuss this article in our forum
Slavery to blame for racial disparities in health?
Scale of epigenetic changes observed in stimulated brain is “mind boggling”
Can nicotine transmit disease through multiple generations?
Epigenetics might explain evolutionary puzzle of homosexuality
Perhaps Mt. Vesuvius wasn't the only thing that erupted in Pompeii on that fateful day in 79 CE.
On July 1st, a photograph of a preserved Pompeii man who appears to be holding their junk hit Twitter and the jokes have been flying ever since.
Masturbating man, Pompeii, 79 CE pic.twitter.com/EPA2b17Vmd — Persian Rose (@PersianRose1) July 2, 2017
At the surface, this reads like a textbook case of sensational, and equally inspirational, tales of ancient history that the Internet has been waiting for for millennia: In the face of a catastrophe that would go down in history as one of the deadliest volcanic eruptions ever, one man (nearly literally) pissed in the wind as scorching lava encroached upon their home. As stories about archaeologists' excavating skeletons of apparent loved ones huddled together to their last breaths pulled at the heartstrings of your aunts and uncles on Facebook, tens of thousands of shitposters on Twitter became fixated with the story of one Pompeii man who was pulling at their dick for one last time as they laid dying. Tfw no gf, it knows not the boundaries of time.
Alas, the legend of Pompeii's last man fapping is too good to be true. In an e-mail correspondence with The Daily Dot, Italian volcanologist Pier Paolo Petrone (a.k.a Captain Killjoy) explained what is really happening in the photo:
"The individual in the photo is an adult man, killed by the hot pyroclastic surge (hot gas and ash cloud which killed most of the population living around Mount Vesuvius), with both arms and legs flexed due to the heat… most of the human victims found in Pompeii often show ‘strange' position of arms and legs, due to the contraction of limbs as a consequence of the heat effect on their bodies after death occurred."
So the Pompeii Masturbator actually died a horrible death, according to Petrone. As hot lava and the extreme heat began to take over their life, their limbs were bent and shrunken into the masturbatory position we now see today.
Still, the legend of the Fapping Pompeiian will likely serve as an inspiration for the many of those who know that feel. May we all be so bold as to put our hands to our junks and give a mighty “f*** you” to the heavens in the face of death, just like that classic tall-tale told by Brodie (Jason Lee) in Kevin Smith's 1995 comedy film Mallrats.
Moderator Matt Lauer: “In 2013, on this subject, you tweeted this, quote, ‘26,000 unreported sexual assaults in the military, only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men and women together?'”
Donald Trump: “Well, it is — it is — it is a correct tweet. There are many people that think that that's absolutely correct. And we need to have a…”
Lauer: “So this should have been expected? And does that mean the only way to fix it is to take women out of the military?”
Trump: “Well, it's happening, right? And, by the way, since then, it's gotten worse.”
— exchange during NBC's forum on national security, Sept. 7, 2016
What a totally misguided exchange. We addressed this claim briefly in our round-up of 18 claims by Trump and Hillary Clinton at the forum, but it called for a deeper dive.
Both men are at fault here. At question is Trump's argument in a 2013 tweet, claiming that the root cause of sexual assault in the military is having men and women serve together.
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2013
Trump answered that “it is a correct tweet” (it's not), and Lauer did a disservice by letting this claim go unchallenged. Further, Lauer framed their two follow-up questions in the same misleading manner: Should it have been expected, because women and men serve together — and is the solution to take women out of the military altogether?
Let's explore what is wrong with this conversation.
The Facts
Trump cited figures from a 2012 Pentagon report on sexual assault in the military, which found about 26,000 active-duty members experienced unwanted sexual contact. According to the Pentagon, 53 percent of those cases involved sexual assaults of men, mostly by men.
A 2015 Pentagon-commissioned study by Rand Corp. found a 27 percent drop from that report: 18,900 active-component service members experienced some kind of unwanted sexual contact in 2014, including 10,400 men and 8,500 women. The 18,900 figures represented 1.4 percent of the 1.3 million total active-component service members.
“Unwanted sexual contact” includes a variety of acts and does not necessarily indicate criminal behavior. So Rand introduced a new measure for “sexual assaults” that aligns with the Uniform Code of Military Justice, which defines criminal offenses under military law. This definition requires the intent to be to “abuse, humiliate, harass, or degrade any person” or “arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person.”
Here are major findings on sexual assault in the military, using the new measurement:
About 20,300 out of the total 1.3 million service members were victims of sexual assault in 2014. About 10,600 (52 percent) were men, and 9,600 were women. (One reason for this is that men outnumber women in the military.)
Among male victims of sexual assault, 70 percent reported the offender as a man or a mix of men and women when there were multiple attackers.
Men (75 percent of assaulted men) were more likely than women (55 percent of assaulted women) to have been assaulted repeatedly in the span of a year. Men and junior enlisted personnel were at higher risk for repeated assaults. Men were more likely than women to report multiple offenders.
Many sexual assaults, especially ones targeting men, occurred repeatedly and in the context of hazing or other forms of abuse or humiliation. Men were about twice as likely as women to describe the assault as abusive, rather than sexual.
One-third of men reporting assault were penetrated, and one-half of women is penetrated.
Of total active-component members, 5 percent of women and 1 percent of men experienced at least one sexual assault.
These findings show that military sexual assault is not a male-and-female problem, as Trump says, or that it should be expected as long as women serve in the military, as Lauer suggests.
Their statements indicate a fundamental misunderstanding of sexual assault. Rape and sexual assaults are crimes of violence, power and control — not a matter of gratifying sexual impulses or desires. Sex is used to inflict pain or humiliation on the victim. This is reflected in the study's findings of repeated attacks by known (sometimes multiple) offenders, described by the victims as acts of abuse or humiliation.
“There's no reason to think that getting rid of women in the military would change those sexual assaults” of men, said Andrew Morral, senior behavioral scientist at Rand, who co-led the research. “A lot of these sexual assaults in the military occur in the context of hazing. It's not clearly intended for anyone's sexual gratification.”
This is not to say that women are not victims or to minimize the issue of male-female sexual assault. Seventy-nine percent of such assaults were carried out by only a man or men and 15 percent by only a woman or women. Women almost always were attacked by men or a mix of men and women. But again, removing women from the equation doesn't solve the issue of sexual assault in the military.
This is a complex problem. The Rand report found that reservists experienced sexual assaults at significantly lower rates than their active-duty peers. Does that mean active duty is the main factor? It's unclear, Morral said. Not all of the sexual assaults among active-duty members were clearly connected to military service. Another interesting finding is that the risk of sexual assault varied depending on the branch of service; men and women in the Air Force had substantially lower rates of sexual assault and sexual harassment than service members in the other three branches.
Related: Trump answered a veteran's question relating to sexual assaults of women in the military by saying: “The best thing we can do is set up a court system in the military. Right now, the court system practically doesn't exist. It takes too long.” There already is a military court system, though Trump's claim mirrors some of the criticism against the military judicial system — that prosecution of sexual assault cases is difficult and takes a long time.
The Pinocchio Test
Trump and Lauer grossly mischaracterized a complex problem and portrayed a fundamental lack of understanding about the issue. Men constituted 52 percent of sexual assault victims in the military, one-third of them were penetrated, and most of them were male-on-male assaults. Sexual assault and rape are acts of violence and power, not sexual desire or gratification.
Trump's tweet used the statistics available at the time, but the characterization of it being entirely a male-female problem is incorrect. That does exist, and perhaps “many people” might agree with Trump, but male-female sexual assaults are only one part of this problem. Lauer didn't get it right, either; they clearly had the tweet ready, and they should've had facts at hand to challenge the central argument. Both men earn Three Pinocchios.
Three Pinocchios
(About our rating scale)
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
A new Texas law signed by Republican Governor Greg Abbott prohibits cities and towns from imposing local ordinances to prevent fracking and other potentially environmentally harmful oil and natural gas activities.
In debating the law, Texas lawmakers emphasized the state's successful development of oil and gas for more than 100 years. The bill received a two-thirds majority vote in the Texas House and Senate. The law preempts municipal authorities from regulating oil and gas operations “within its boundaries or extraterritorial jurisdiction.” Local authorities can only pass ordinances and other measures to “regulate only surface activity” in ways that are “commercially reasonable” to oil and gas operations.
READ MORE: Rare 4.0 quake rocks north Texas amid fracking debate
“HB 40 does a profound job of helping to protect private property rights here in the State of Texas, ensuring those who own their own property will not have the heavy hand of local regulation deprive them of their rights. This law ensures that Texas avoids a patchwork quilt of regulations that differ from region to region, differ from county to county or city to city,” said Governor Abbott in a statement.
“[It] strikes a meaningful and correct balance between local control and preserving the state's authority to ensure that regulations are even-handed and do not hamper job creation."
Texas lawmakers had introduced 11 bills to put limits on local control after 60 municipalities decided to restrict drilling or fracking in some way. The city of Denton outlawed fracking last fall, but was sued by the Texas General Land Office and Texas Oil and Gas Association after passing the ban. Denton is situated over the Barnett Shale, considered one of the largest reserves of natural gas in the US.
READ MORE: Tainted by fracking? Chemicals found in Pennsylvania drinking water
“It had gotten to the point where various municipalities have been writing extremely detailed and onerous ordinances, making it difficult for companies to operate,” Ed Ireland, head of the Barnett Shale Energy Education Council, told the Associated Press.
The passage of the law has angered officials in Denton, according to the Wall Street Journal. Officials said they only supported the ban after failed attempts to resolve quality-of-life problems, “including a well explosion and noisy drilling near homes and schools.”
“It's a bad situation when city leaders' hands are tied,” Denton Councilman Kevin Roden told the WSJ. “There seems to be an attitude that big state government knows better than the citizens of a city. I just think—conservative or liberal—that is something you don't do in Texas.”
The law does include exemptions for Forth Worth and Dallas, both of which passed setback ordinances that push surface drilling away from residential and commercial areas. Dallas, specifically, doesn't permit drilling closer than within 1,500 feet of homes, schools or churches. In Fort Worth, the distance is 600 feet.
READ MORE: Big Oil's campaign donations result in taxpayer subsidies - reporter
The move comes as the state is being slammed by a slump in oil prices which has led to job losses. Nationwide energy production has fallen 3.5 percent and Texas alone lost about 25,000 jobs in March, according to federal data.
Legal fights are anticipated as local governments review the implications of the new state law.
“The bill guts 100 years of traditional municipal authority to regulate oil and gas operations,” A. Scott Anderson, a senior policy director for the Environmental Defense Fund, told the WSJ.
The Center Cannot Hold
LAIZA, Burma — Standing over a freshly dug trench, Maj. Aung Myat points to a group of soldiers from the Burmese national army in the near distance on the Sino-Burma border. “They really want our ‘Prostitute Fort.'” they say, using the front-line post's local nickname, inspired by the decadent pastimes of the British soldiers stationed there during World War II.
The mood is calm at the front-line base on the Sino-Burma border, but all the soldiers fear the looming offensive. Aung Myat, still staring at the fort, declares, “It would be the first base in their path to attacking our headquarters.”
Myat and their soldiers have good reason to be afraid. In November of last year, their forces, the Kachin Independence Army (KIA), rejected a proposal from Burma's military government to become a “Border Guard Force.” It was a nice euphemism for the junta's attempt to gain more control over the border regions. And mostly, it seemed a convenient way to co-opt a 4,000-man ethnic army to lay down their weapons and pledge allegiance to the central government.
The KIA wasn't interested. “We will never agree to their proposal,” Lama Gum Hpan, the secretary of the Kachin Independence Council (KIC), which de facto governs the region, said this March. “If we accept [the Burmese government's offer], the whole struggle by the people for our Kachin land will be in vain,” Lama Gum Hpan says.
Formed in 1961, the KIA's raison d'être was to defend their region from Burmese troops and create an independent Kachin state. Previously, in 1949, the Kachin and other ethnic groups in the region signed an agreement under the watchful eye of the departing British colonials to form a federal union. However, when the ethnic leaders felt the Burmese government was not respecting the agreement, many took up arms and engaged in grueling guerrilla wars with the Burmese army in the jungle.
Most of these ethnic groups tired of the fight and signed cease-fire agreements in the early 1990s, but three decades later, some of these ethnic armies, like the KIA, still fight. Over the last year, the Kachins' predicament — and that of all of Burma's ethnic minorities — has taken a turn for the worse. In the run-up to last year's national elections, the Burmese government reached out to the ethnic militias, but when their détente proposals were spurned, they lashed out. The ethnic Shan Army, who also rejected the regime's proposal, has been locked in battles with the Burmese army since February. In 2009, another “cease-fire army,” the Kokang, was wiped out in a matter of days, sending thousands of refugees fleeing into China.
The Kachin worry that they could meet the same fate, and they're not taking any chances. Already, the signs of confrontation are looming: On Oct. 15, Burma's state-run newspaper labeled the KIA as “insurgents” for the first time in 16 years. Over 20 liaison offices between the Kachin community and the Burmese government have been closed across the country and all official communications cut. This February, a weeklong fight occurred between Kachin and Burmese forces, resulting in the death of one Burmese commander. On May 18 the Burmese government fired mortar shells at a KIA outpost. Burmese troops have since withdrawn from the region.
In preparation for renewed civil war, the KIA has increased front-line troops, the production of guns, training of civilians and their surveillance of Burmese army activity. At a large hall in KIA territory, over 150 young cadets have just completed a heavy-artillery training course. It's the first such class conducted by the KIA in over five years. It's not that the KIA is looking for war, their leaders say. “We don't want to fight with the Burmese army, but if they attack us, we will defend our land,” says Lama Gum Hpan.
The KIA is also waiting to see what the new central government, elected last fall and sworn in on April 1, will do. The new government was presented as a sort of transition, from firm military rule in civilian leadership, though the leadership of the party that came to power was composed of a handful of speciallyselected military leaders. Few Burmese are under any illusions that this semi-junta will bring about much change.
On the issue of minorities in particular, the signs don't look good. Several Kachin parties were barred from participating in the election, and the largest ethnic minority group, the United State Wa Army, chose to sit out. The Burmese military leaders have also ruled out the possibility of respecting the minority rights enshrined in the 1947 Panglong agreement that granted Burma's independence from the British. When Kachin leaders pleaded their case recently for an autonomous region under the terms of that peace agreement, Maj. Soe Win, the Burmese commander in charge of the regime's northern command told the KIA leaders, “The age of Panglong has been canceled and it is gone now.”
In such a context, the minorities have begun to realize that their best chance at individual survival might be banding together as one opposition block. This February the KIA decided to work with other ethnic groups to form the United Nationalities Federal Council-Union of Burma (UNFC), which will unite all the ethnic armies. “If it all goes according to plan, all the ethnic groups involved will have to abide by a series of principles to help and support each other,” says Lama Gum Hpan. If one ethnic group comes under assault, for example, other militias could come to their defense. Negotiating with the junta could also be easier with a single, stronger hand to play. “It is a collective effort by the ethnics to find a political situation to Burma's ethnic problems,” says Lama Gum Hpan.
It's not the first time, though, that the ethnic minorities have formed an alliance to stand up against the Burmese government. Over the years, several coalitions have been formed, though with little success. Lama Gum Hpan blames this on the lack of communication between the groups, as well as their difficulties reaching out to the outside world: The Burmese generals have ensured that the ethnic leaders face travel restrictions in neighboring countries.
But such a coalition may ultimately have time on its side. “It seems unlikely that the new Myanmar government would want to start its term of office by provoking renewed armed conflict in cease-fire areas,” suggests Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt, North Asia project director for the International Crisis Group.
Indeed, the very reason that the junta organized last year's national election was to regain some measure of legitimacy on the international stage — legitimacy that a renewed civil war would dash.
Still, military action may be in the works, and the Kachin see no alternative than to prepare for its possibility. Aung Kyaw Zaw, a military analyst on the Sino-Burma border, sitting outside a tea shop in Jeogao town on the Sino-Burma border, predicts the fighting will begin this summer. “After the rainy season, in June, they will attack the Kachin before they have a chance to unite with the other ethnic armies,” they say.
While the Burmese government will prefer to avoid major offensives, opting to divide the ethnic organizations, war may be unavoidable. And when it comes, the repercussions will be dire: Millions of refugees will flood into neighboring countries, and Burma's already fragile economy will crumble as trade routes become blocked by fighting.
But for now, Burma's beleaguered ethnic groups have no choice but to prepare for the inevitable. At a basic training camp down the hill from the Kachin headquarters, a ragtag bunch of new recruits, in plain green boiler suits, do gun drills as the sun fades behind a mountain. There are men and women, old and young, and a variety of ethnicities. Despite their varied backgrounds, they are united by their commitment to the cause. “I'm ready to die for my people, and for my land,” one cadet says before marching off to their next drill.
The film "Gone With The Wind" is a classic set in the South during the American Civil War, a time when the country was divided in two. Today, people are split about banning the movie over its racial politics. The film "Gone With The Wind" is a classic set in the South during the American Civil War, a time when the country was divided in two. Today, people are split about banning the movie over its racial politics.
Finally, nearly 150 years since the end of the Civil War and the collapse of the Confederacy, Confederate flags are being recognized as the symbol of racism they really are, and no longer being sold in a number of major stores. Now that anger towards confederate symbols is being directed towards "Gone With The Wind."
On Wednesday, Lou Lumenick, an entertainment critic for the New York Post, called for the 1939 classic film to share the same fate as the Confederate flag. Lumenick argues the film romanticizes the confederacy and goes to great lengths to hide slavery's role in the Civil War.
84 PHOTOS Gone with the Wind See Gallery Critic calls for 'Gone With The Wind' ban over Confederate flag Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
They added, "[W]hat does it say about us as a nation if we continue to embrace a movie that, in the final analysis, stands for many of the things as the Confederate flag that flutters so dramatically over the dead and wounded soldiers at the Atlanta train station just before the 'GWTW' intermission?"
It appears Lumenick's column against the movie may have backfired. The following day "Gone With The Wind" was the best-selling feature film on Amazon.
"Gone With The Wind" tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the daughter of a wealthy plantation owner in Georgia, and their romantic relationships.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We're talking to Nils Muižnieks.  They are the commissioner for human rights for the Council of Europe. Last month, NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Glenn Greenwald and other privacy activists launched a new campaign to establish global privacy standards. The proposed International Treaty on the Right to Privacy, Protection Against Improper Surveillance and Protection of Whistleblowers would require states to ban mass data collection and implement public oversight of national security programs. It would also require states to offer asylum to whistleblowers. It's been dubbed the, quote, “Snowden Treaty.” Snowden spoke about the need for the treaty via teleconference from Russia at the September launch.
EDWARD SNOWDEN: This is not a problem exclusive to the United States or the National Security Agency or the FBI or the Department of Justice or any agency of government anywhere. This is a global problem that affects all of us.
AMY GOODMAN: That's Edward Snowden. What do you think has to happen around mass surveillance?
NILS MUIŽNIEKS: Well, we have a very negative trend now in Europe, where a number of countries are moving from targeted surveillance to untargeted surveillance, and this is quite dangerous. This means that everybody is a suspect. What we need is we need strict rules on authorization of surveillance measures. We need to outlaw certain—the use of certain technologies, which catch a—which cast a very wide net and grab communications of everybody in an area, everybody communicates with a certain person who might be suspected of terrorist activities. But we need to beef up democratic oversight of security services. We need intrusive parliamentary committees. We need judicial authorization. We need—we need to be assured that the security services aren't doing what they can, but that they are operating within the framework of the rule of law. And we need to provide remedies, effective remedies, to those who have been done wrong, who have been unjustly surveilled and had their privacy invaded.
AMY GOODMAN: Who would be the police on this?
NILS MUIŽNIEKS: There are various models in Europe. But very often, to make it democratic, it has to be parliamentarian, as well. You need members of parliament engaged and keeping an eye on the executive, keeping an eye on the security services. Very often you have expert panels assisting parliaments, people who have the technical expertise to know what they're being shown by the security services. And I think it's completely legitimate to give money to security services, to give them technological know-how, but we need to do the same to the overseers, so that they can really see and understand what's going on and keep an eye on it.
AMY GOODMAN: Go ahead.
NILS MUIŽNIEKS: Very often these overseers are rubber—they rubber-stamp requests for surveillance. They don't really go into the meat of it. When I was—I asked in Germany, for example, the people involved with authorizing surveillance requests. They said 98 to 99 percent of all requests are granted. To me, this shows that the system is not effective.
AMY GOODMAN: Is Edward Snowden a patriot or a traitor, do you believe?
NILS MUIŽNIEKS: I think—I will be agnostic on that question, but I think that they revealed a serious human rights issue, which until then had not been known. And some of the issue—some of the solutions that they are proposing, I think, are very much in line with what we have been advocating.
AMY GOODMAN: Finally, a ceasefire agreed in the east of Ukraine—has been agreed—between the separatists and Ukrainian government forces, has been holding. But fears remain that fighting could resume. On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Kiev was not upholding its end of the Ukraine peace deal.
PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN: [translated] It is useless to endlessly blame Russia for not fulfilling or not urging the authorities of unrecognized republics in the southeast of Ukraine to do something in fulfillment of the Minsk agreements, if the key positions of the Minsk agreements are not fulfilled by the Kiev authorities. And they are not fulfilled by the Kiev authorities.
AMY GOODMAN: That is Putin of Russia. Nils Muižnieks, you've been spending a lot of your time on Ukraine. What should we understand about it?
NILS MUIŽNIEKS: Ukraine is a human rights disaster zone. Crimea has been annexed. The human rights situation there has deteriorated very seriously in the last year. The east of the country, which is held by the rebels, supported by Russia—I was in Donetsk, in rebel-occupied Donetsk, in July. There are very serious human rights issues there, but the humanitarian situation there is also catastrophic. You have a lot of people who have been displaced. You have a lot of people who are going hungry, who don't have access to clean water, to medicine. You have allegations of enforced disappearances, arbitrary detention, torture. And the West needs to support Ukraine, but it also needs to hold it to account for its human rights violations, because it also has not done everything it can. And sometimes there are some—there are some military groupings which are also involved in or implicated in human rights violations.
AMY GOODMAN: We're going to have to leave it there, but of course we'll continue to follow all of these issues. Nils Muižnieks is the Council of Europe commissioner for human rights.
And that does it for our show, though this news just in: Democratic presidential candidate Lincoln Chafee has dropped out of the race for the Democratic Party nomination for president. Chafee is a Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democratic former governor and senator of Rhode Island.
We have a job opening at Democracy Now! It's development director, full-time in New York. Go to our website to find out the details at democracynow.org.
On Friday, the Washington Post described the discovery of Russian-linked malware on a computer owned by Vermont's Burlington Electric utility. The software was detected in a search after information about Russian-associated malware was released by the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security on Thursday, in conjunction with a new U.S. intelligence report about Russian hacking.
However, even as media and politicians reacted with alarm to this apparent new evidence of Russian malfeasance, critics took shots at the Post for what they said was a hyperbolic headline and misleading story. The story was originally titled “Russian hackers penetrated U.S. electricity grid through a utility in Vermont, officials say.” But, speaking to the Burlington Free Press after the Post story's publication, a Vermont utility official clarified that the software was found only on one computer, which was not connected to the electrical grid, and that the grid was “not in danger.”
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
The Post has since updated its headline to remove references to the power grid being “penetrated,” since it wasn't. But observers, particularly those further to both the left and right ends of the political spectrum, are still crying foul.
Glenn Greenwald, calling the story a symptom of “Russia Hysteria,” points out that the presence of Russian-made malware isn't necessarily evidence of a “Russian operation,” as the Post's amended headline still claims. The software could have been placed by nearly anyone. Meanwhile, The Daily Caller describes the Post's report as a “False News Story.”
That confluence of perspectives is worth marveling at for a moment. Greenwald is broadly affiliated with the progressive left, while the Caller was founded by conservative commentator Tucker Carlson, and now at least occasionally dallies with alt-right nationalism.
The two have different reasons for questioning an emerging status quo that paints Russia as a hacking villain. Greenwald's association with Wikileaks and Edward Snowden's NSA leak gives them a personal stake, since those players are increasingly being tarred as having more than incidental ties to Russia. But Greenwald, a veteran opponent of the Iraq War, also sees overstatements about Russian hacking as a symptom of the same sort of “group-think, fear-mongering, [and] coercive peer-pressure” that silenced critics in that era.
For more on Russian hacking, watch our video.
The Caller, meanwhile, seems to be falling in line with a right-wing anti-consensus that regards the Russia hacking story primarily as a bid to discredit President-elect Donald Trump. Conservative outlets have also begun aggressively labelling stories from the mainstream media “fake news,” at least partly to push back against another post-election narrative that had misleading stories swaying voters towards Trump.
Regardless of attribution, the detection of the malware should be extremely worrisome. The risks of malicious hacking of utilities and other vital systems are real, and no one has disputed that the malware got near a sensitive target. What's less clear is whether a fragmented U.S. can find enough common ground to respond coherently.
- The Broward County Sheriff's Office is investigating after video surfaced of a pool party where a man violently picked up a 68-year-old woman, slammed them to the ground, then tossed them into the pool.
The video shows the woman holding the leash to their dog and standing on the pool deck when witnesses yell, "Throw them in!" at a rowdy pool party in North Lauderdale.
According to WSVN, the woman was identified as Nancy James, who is on the board at the apartment complex, and reportedly went to try and quiet down the party.
The man is seen on video picking James up, but slipping, knocking both of them to the ground before they picked them up again and threw them in the pool.
All the partygoers fled after the woman was thrown into the water.
Deputies and paramedics responded to the scene around 7 p.m. Saturday night. James has a large bruise but was otherwise OK.
Deputies are investigating and trying to talk to anyone involved and identify the man who threw them into the pool. Anyone with information should call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS, and you could be eligible for a reward.
WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW:
April 26, 2017, 12:42 PM GMT / Updated April 26, 2017, 12:42 PM GMT / Source: Associated Press
MONTGOMERY, Ala. — Alabama lawmakers on Tuesday gave final approval to a bill protecting faith-based adoption organizations that refuse to place children with gay parents, or other households, because of their religious beliefs.
The legislation would prohibit the state from refusing to license faith-based adoption groups that refuse placements because of their religious beliefs.
Guido Mieth / Getty Images
Proponents argued that the measure is needed to make sure adoption groups can operate without being forced to violate their religious beliefs, while critics, including the state's only openly gay lawmaker, called it blatant discrimination.
The Alabama House of Representatives voted 87-0 to go along with a Senate change to the bill. The legislation goes to Gov. Kay Ivey for their signature. The governor hasn't said whether she'll sign it.
"It's just making sure the faith-based child placing agencies aren't discriminated against due to their beliefs. It's not discriminating against anyone else," Rep. Rich Wingo, the Republican sponsor of the bill, said.
The bill's protections would apply only to private agencies that do not accept state or federal funds. Wingo said the bill would protect faith-based groups such as Agape and Baptist Children's Homes, which do adoption and foster care placements.
State Rep. Patricia Todd, the state's only openly gay lawmaker, said placements should be made on the best interest of the child and not on "some artificial demographic."
"We have too many kids in foster care who need adoption, many of them with special needs. Same-sex parents want to adopt and take care of those children," said Todd, D-Birmingham.
Related: My Experience With Second-Parent Adoption as a Same-Sex Couple
Todd said they voted to go along with a Senate change that said the protections wouldn't apply to agencies that accepted state funds
South Dakota, Michigan, North Dakota and Virginia have passed similar laws.
David Dinielli, deputy legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center, a Montgomery-based civil rights group, called the legislation "prejudice cloaked in religion."
"This law limits the number of homes available to Alabama's most vulnerable kids by allowing foster and adoption agencies to turn away parents who don't fit with the agencies' religious beliefs, including parents who are unmarried, divorced, Muslim, LGBT or even Christian," Dinielli said.
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
Editor's note: Marie Collins of Ireland is a clergy sexual abuse survivor who resigned March 1 from Pope Francis' Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors. Cardinal Gerhard Müller, the head of the Vatican's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, gave an interview shortly following Collins' resignation. Collins has written an open letter to Müller in response to that interview, which they asked NCR to publish below.
Dear Cardinal Müller,
I read with interest the answers you gave to the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera March 5 in reply to items in my statement following my resignation from the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors. There are some things you say in this interview to which I feel I need to respond.
You state you "cannot understand the talk of lack of cooperation" between the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF) and the pontifical commission.
Maybe I can help with an example. In 2015, invitations went to your Congregation from some of the commission's working groups asking that a representative attend their upcoming meetings in Rome to discuss issues of mutual interest.
The invitations were declined and then the members were informed by the Commission Secretary, Msgr. Robert Oliver, that face-to-face meetings would not be possible and any communication with dicasteries must be done in writing.
Sign up for NCR's Copy Desk Daily, and we'll email you recommended news and opinion articles each weekday. Sign Up Now
Things changed eventually, but this took over a year. It was September 2016 before a representative of the CDF was made available and attended Commission working group meetings. The discussions which ensued were very helpful, hopefully for your Congregation as well as the Commission.
You say that "in recent years there has been a permanent contact" between the commission and the CDF.
I don't know what form this permanent contact took. All I can say is the members of the Commission did not receive any formal reports or see any positive results generated by such contact.
You continue with the comment that "one of our staff is part of it [the Commission]."
Indeed, one of your CDF staff was a member of the Commission. It is surprising though — as you say you had permanent contact with the Commission — that you are not aware that this staff member, Claudio Papale, ceased active involvement with the Commission in 2015 (although members were not notified of their resignation until May 2016).
The last meeting they attended was the October 2015 plenary. With that meeting being held four months after the announcement of the pope's decision to create a new tribunal to judge bishops' negligent in responding to abuse, Papale was in an excellent position to update commission members on the response within the doctrinal congregation to that initiative.
About the new tribunal, you say an "intense dialogue between various dicasteries involved in the fight against pedophilia in the clergy" took place following the pope's decision and that the tribunal was only considered a "project."
It was a project you say, only a project? Rereading the Vatican's June 10, 2015, public announcement, it appears to be far more. Very specific actions had already been authorized by the Holy Father, including:
"The establishment of a new Judicial Section in the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith;"
"Appointment of stable personnel to undertake service in the Tribunal," and;
"Appointment of a Secretary to assist the Prefect with the Tribunal."
The Holy Father also had already "authorized that sufficient resources will be provided for this purpose."
Advertisement
Despite the close collaboration you say existed with the Commission, it was not included in this discussion among Vatican dicasteries. Would this not have been a good idea as it would certainly be correct to categorize the Commission as being part of the "fight" to which you refer as well as the originator of the initiative?
You state that the conclusion reached was that the tribunal was not necessary as any negligence could be addressed through the "competencies," "tools" and "legal means" already in place in the Congregation for Bishops. And if in a "special case" this was not sufficient, the Holy Father could always entrust it to your Congregation. So no change was found to be necessary and no implementation took place.
I would like to thank you, Cardinal, for confirming by your words that my statement on the tribunal was true. The pontifical commission recommended it, the Council of Cardinals and the Pope approved it, and then it was rejected by your congregation.
A question comes to mind. If all necessary means have been in place to address the case of a bishop negligent in respect of protection of children from abuse, why then has no bishop been officially, transparently sanctioned or removed for this negligence?
If it is not lack of laws, then is it lack of will? I am sure many survivors, myself included, would be interested, Cardinal, in the answer to this question.
In reference to your congregation's refusal to both cooperate with the Commission's work on the Safeguarding Guidelines and to acknowledge letters sent to the Vatican by abuse survivors, you state: "I know nothing about these two alleged incidents."
If you are in doubt about what these "incidents" were, you might refresh your memory by looking at the formal letter of response sent from your Congregation to the Commission Dec. 15, 2016. In its very first paragraph, that letter lists the two requests as being in regard to "guidelines" and "sending of acknowledgment letters."
In the latter case, the Commission's recommendation [see its Feb. 8, 2016 press statement] that went to the Holy Father and which they approved was that all Vatican dicasteries would acknowledge directly letters sent to them by survivors.
When this recommendation was discussed with the official representative of the CDF at a working group meeting in September 2016, they saw no difficulty in it being done. Yet two months later in the formal written response from your Congregation it was refused.
In any area of endeavor it is difficult to work with a body which is inconsistent in its approach, as you do not know where you stand at any particular time.
The reason given for rejecting of the Commission request, as you confirm in this interview, is respect for "subsidiarity." This emphasis on subsidiarity shows that within the Church, respect for the hierarchical system and its participants still outweighs respect for the individual human person.
I was taught to believe that all are equal in the sight of God, but it seems there is a different view in your congregation when it comes to the local bishop and a victim of abuse. It appears that for you the concern that the local bishop might feel disrespected far outweighs any concern about disrespecting the survivor.
How many much more fundamental measures in regard to justice for survivors and the prevention of abuse are being hidebound by anachronistic, bureaucratic, internal hierarchical considerations?
You might check the asupervisorstioned letter to refresh your memory in regard to the other deeply troubling "incident:" the refusal of cooperation on the Safeguarding Guidelines which are being recommended by the Commission and which the Congregation seems particularly reluctant to discuss.
It may be that it is felt a group of what are seen as "outside" experts are encroaching on what the dicastery views as their area of responsibility. If this is the case, could there not be some way to overcome this by frank discussions of the problem?
The safety of minors in the future is too important for an impasse of any sort to be allowed to stand. Surely every effort must be made to resolve whatever difficulties there are.
You say "the complaints are based on misunderstanding" about the task of the CDF.
As a former Commission member I am very clear on the function of the CDF and have no misunderstanding in regard to its responsibilities (it would be odd indeed if members of a papal commission were ignorant in the way that is suggested).
The Commission had not expected the Congregation to send anything other than a confirmation to the correspondent that their letter had been received and would receive attention.
This would be pastoral in the sense only that the writer would know they were not being ignored. I am sad a misleading impression has been put into the public domain about this.
Lastly, a more personal comment in regard to myself, you state "I have never had the chance to meet her."
Cardinal, it seems you have forgotten the evening we spent seated together at a small dinner in Dublin after my appointment to the Commission?
During the meal we discussed together the new Commission, my appointment to it and in general the issue of abuse in the Church. Also present were other CDF officials, including Msgr. John Kennedy and then-Fr. Robert Oliver, who before their appointment to the commission was serving as your congregation's Promotor of Justice.
Finally, with respect, Cardinal, I do not know what the motivation is in regard to any difficulties put in the way of the pontifical commission. All it wishes to do is bring better protection to children and vulnerable adults wherever in the world the Catholic Church is present. If there are problems, nothing is gained by maintaining a pretense that all is well.
I would ask that instead of falling back into the Church's default position of denial and obfuscation, when a criticism like mine is raised the people of the church deserve to be given a proper explanation. We are entitled to transparency, honesty and clarity.
No longer can dysfunction be kept hidden behind institutional closed doors. This only succeeds as long as those who know the truth are willing to remain silent.
Yours sincerely,
Marie Collins
Former member of the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors
COLT is a 100-day outdoor leadership and skills school based on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. This is a wild playground of mountains, rivers, ocean and forest. It's an ideal setting for learning outdoor leadership, adventure skills and wilderness self-reliance.
Many take COLT as a fast track to becoming an outdoor guide, instructor or educator. It's a great way to earn outdoor guide certifications and a path into the wilderness tourism industry. It's also ideal as a GAP year, sabbatical, retraining or life transition.
Over three months you will explore one of the most rugged and beautiful parts of the world while learning to backpack and sea kayak, rock climb and kayak surf, mountaineer and whitewater paddle. No prior experience required.
Challenge is constant. Growth is inevitable
You will graduate with certifications in canoe instruction, sea kayak guiding, first aid and more. Along the way, our world-class instructors teach soft skills that you will use for the rest of your life: personal development, leadership, group dynamics, cooperation, perseverance and determination. In three months you will graduate ready for a variety of adventure jobs in Canada and around the world.
Ready to do something amazing?
Ask any graduate: COLT was one of the most memorable and important three months of their life. We hope you'll join us!
Why pick Canadian Outdoor Leadership Training?
Because it's the best! At least we think so, for a number of reasons, including the variety of skills, employability, community, cost and instruction. Whether you're doing it to get a job in the outdoor guiding world, to build your own skills, or as a break from the daily grind, COLT is a rewarding, and life-changing experience.
Variety: No other outdoor semester program offers as diverse a curriculum of water and mountain skills
No other outdoor semester program offers as diverse a curriculum of water and mountain skills Employability: With an on-site practicum, the program's sterling reputation in the outdoor industry and a handful of certifications, COLTies are employable right after graduating
With an on-site practicum, the program's sterling reputation in the outdoor industry and a handful of certifications, COLTies are employable right after graduating Unique focus: Where other programs focus just on training wilderness guides, COLT is about training outdoor educators. It's a subtle difference but one that opens up more job opportunities beyond guiding
Where other programs focus just on training wilderness guides, COLT is about training outdoor educators. It's a subtle difference but one that opens up more job opportunities beyond guiding Community: The COLT program is based at Strathcona Park Lodge, one of Canada's oldest and most respected outdoor education centres. During COLT you join a unique off-the-grid community and eat dinner with future colleagues
The COLT program is based at Strathcona Park Lodge, one of Canada's oldest and most respected outdoor education centres. During COLT you join a unique off-the-grid community and eat dinner with future colleagues Cost: When you do the math it costs less. Other programs may sound cheaper, but they often don't factor in accommodation or food. The cost of COLT includes everything during the 100 days
When you do the math it costs less. Other programs may sound cheaper, but they often don't factor in accommodation or food. The cost of COLT includes everything during the 100 days Condensed: Because COLT is experience focused, we cover in three months what other courses do in eight months or even two years. Compressing learning also reduces costs. You'll be out working and earning sooner
Because COLT is experience focused, we cover in three months what other courses do in eight months or even two years. Compressing learning also reduces costs. You'll be out working and earning sooner Instruction: We hire great instructors. More than gifted paddlers or climbers, they're inspiring educators who know how to empower students to learn and lead
Who should do COLT?
As long as you love the outdoors, can hike 15-kilometres (10-miles) and have a little camping experience you are ready to start. You don't need any specific paddling, climbing or wilderness skills. But you do need to be 19 years old at the start of the program and you must be ready to have fun, live in a tight group, rise to a challenge, and learn a ton.
The Canadian Outdoor Leadership Training program was originally developed to train outdoor educators and guides. It's still set up with that purpose, but it works just as well as a sabbatical between jobs, a cord-cutting break from busy careers, part of a GAP year or transition out of the military and other professions.
We've had everyone from chiropractors to high school graduates, 19-year-olds to 50-somethings enjoy the program. There's no such thing as a typical student, but an average might be in their mid-20s with some recreational outdoor experiences under their harness or spray skirt.
Where is it?
The Canadian Outdoor Leadership Training is based out of Strathcona Park Lodge, a wilderness resort and outdoor education centre on Vancouver Island. Vancouver Island is on the west coast of British Columbia, Canada, where the Pacific Ocean meets the mighty coastal mountains. The closest town to the outdoor school is Campbell River, B.C.
Read more about Strathcona Park Lodge.
Most of the program takes place within a couple hours of the lodge. We kayak surf in Tofino, Canada's surf capital. For sea kayaking, we head to the rugged west coast and the spectacular Inside Passage, both famous for sea kayaking and rich with marine life. We wander among the rainforest giants and snow-capped mountains of Strathcona Provincial Park. And the local rivers are crystal clear and full of migrating salmon. We also spend a week rock climbing in Squamish, a world-class climbing area on the B.C. mainland.
When does it run?
There are two COLT semesters each a year. Both are 100 days. A Spring program from April to August and a Fall program from August to November. To find out more about applying for the program, including financial assistance and important dates, go to our Application Page.
Upcoming programs
Spring 2019: April 26 to August 3
April 26 to August 3 Fall 2019: August 9 to November 16
How much does it cost?
Tuition: $9,000
Accommodation and food: $7,500
Total: CAD $16,500 (US $12,610, Eur €10,925)
It sounds like a lot, but on a per-day basis that's $165 per day for three healthy meals, accommodation, guiding and equipment.
Read more about costs and financial assistance.
Included in the COLT cost are all accommodation, meals, transportation, park and camping fees, instruction, group and technical gear. Students are responsible for their travel costs getting to COLT, all personal gear and any personal expenses.
We think it's a great value. Just hiring a guide typically costs more. In addition, COLT is a compressed education. In three months you'll be out working again. With some college programs, it could be two years, all the while paying living expenses.
How do I apply?
To apply for the Canadian Outdoor Leadership Training program fill out the online application form. We will contact you for a short interview. When you're accepted into the program you will need to fill out a couple more forms and pay a $2,000 deposit.
Important dates: We encourage you to get your application in two months before the start of the semester.
If there's one thing you want from a laptop, it's long battery life. You want every drop of power you can get to work, read, or just be entertained on a long jaunt. So it's good to know where your power is going.
You can use the powertop utility to see what's drawing power when your system's not plugged in. This utility only runs on the Terminal, so you'll need to open a Terminal to get it. Then run this command:
sudo dnf install powertop
powertop needs access to hardware to measure power usage. So you have to run it with special privileges too:
sudo powertop
The powertop display looks similar to this screenshot. Power usage on your system will likely be different:
The utility has several screens. You can switch between them using the Tab and Shift+Tab keys. To quit, hit the Esc key. The shortcuts are also listed at the bottom of the screen for your convenience.
The utility shows you power usage for various hardware and drivers. But it also displays interesting numbers like how many times your system wakes up each second. (Processors are so fast that they often sleep for the majority of a second of uptime.)
If you want to maximize battery power, you want to minimize wakeups. One way to do this is to use powertop‘s Tunables page. “Bad” indicates a setting that's not saving power, although it might be good for performance. “Good” indicates a power saving setting is in effect. You can hit Enter on any tunable to switch it to the other setting.
The powertop package also provides a service that automatically sets all tunables to “Good” for optimal power saving. To use it, run this command:
sudo systemctl start powertop.service
If you'd like the service to run automatically when you boot, run this command:
sudo systemctl enable powertop.service
Caveat about this service and tunables: Certain tunables may risk your data, or (on some odd hardware) may cause your system to behave erratically. For instance, the “VM writeback timeout” setting affects how long the system waits before writing changed data to storage. This means a power saving setting trades off data security. If the system loses all power for some reason, you could lose up to 15 seconds' of changed data, rather than the default 5. However, for most laptop users this isn't an issue, since your system should warn you about low battery.
FLASHBACK: Susan Rice: Too Many White People in Top National Security Positions (VIDEO)
It is being reported that former National Security Advisor, Susan Rice was behind the ‘unmasking' of Trump and their private associates.
Reminder: Susan Rice said back in 2016 that there are too many white people in important national security posts. Lovely!
Via Fox News:
U.S. National Security Advisor Susan Rice said Wednesday that there are too many white people in important national security posts. Rice made the comments during their commencement address at Florida International University, saying that a lack of diversity in the those positions puts our country at risk, because they all think alike. Referring to the criticism that the U.S. national security workforce is “white, male and Yale,” Rice told the graduates, “In the halls of power, in the faces of our national security leaders, America is still not fully reflected.” “By now, we should all know the dangers of ‘groupthink,' where folks who are alike often think alike,” they said. “By contrast, groups comprised of different people tend to question one another's assumptions, draw on divergent perspectives and experiences, and yield better outcomes.”
Interesting that they said that there are too many white people in national security posts and then went on to reportedly unmask Trump's team. Hmmmm… VIDEO:
Susan Rice once said there are “too many white people” in national security https://t.co/d6lsOs4qC1 — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) April 3, 2017
They're openly mocking our profiling.
But in several telephone conversations with a Reuters reporter over the past few months, Islamic State fighters had indicated that their leader, Iraqi Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, had several surprises in store for the West.
They hinted that attacks on American interests or even U.S. soil were possible through sleeper cells in Europe and the United States.
"The West are idiots and fools. They think we are waiting for them to give us visas to go and attack them or that we will attack with our beards or even Islamic outfits," said one.
"They think they can distinguish us these days ­ they are fools and more than that they don't know we can play their game in intelligence. They infiltrated us with those who pretend to be Muslims and we have also penetrated them with those who look like them."
There's a small army of citizen scientists just over the mountains from Carbondale. Residents in the Paonia area are donning special backpacks for twenty-four hours at a time, to collect real time data for scientific study of air pollution. The aim is to measure what might be getting into the air from nearby oil and gas wells.
Editor's note: Below is a transcript of reporter Elise Thatcher's story.
Alison Gannett: “Bluebell!”
Reporter: Alison Gannett is calling one of their guard dogs. They have an impressive resume. She's an extreme skier, sustainability consultant… and raises a variety of animals, vegetables, and fruits. That's with their husband Jason, on Holy Terror Farm. The scary name belies a bucolic setting. And on this Monday, Gannett is taking part in an unusual scientific study.
Alison Gannett: “I am supposed to walk around doing my daily life, just like normal, and wear this backpack.”
Reporter: That buzzing in the background is a pump constantly sucking in air. It's in Gannett's bright orange and grey backpack. The idea is to take samples, for twenty four hours, of the air she's breathing. This differs from most air quality oil and gas studies in Colorado, which use samples taken from fixed places.
Gannett: “The industry has said you can't prove that someone proved that someone actually breathed that air. So the point of this whole study is that I wear the testing device, and it goes with me wherever I go. So, I eat with it, I cook with it, I do all the farm chores with it.”
Jim Ramey: “Until we have a really good understanding of the pre-drilling and fracking, and the post-drilling and fracking, and how that might be changing what's in the air, we won't really be in a position to influence change.”
Reporter: That's Jim Ramey. He's Director of Citizens for a Health Community, which gained attention after a successful effort to stop proposed oil and gas wells very close to—and in some cases in-- the city limits of Paonia. Ramey is worried about another round of proposals to expand drilling in the area. This study is designed to collect what are called baseline data….information about chemicals in the air now. These data will then be compared to any changes in air quality if there are new oil and gas rigs. It hasn't been easy.
Ramey: “A lot of the residents who have been wearing the backpacks are thinking, “Well can't I just sent it outside, hang it on a tree?” And I have to say, “Well no, we're trying to get the personal exposure to the air, and that's why we're doing the backpack method.”
Reporter: The group has been preparing for a year to make sure volunteers know exactly what to do… to make sure the study produces reliable data.
David Ludlam: “If the study is meant to establish baselines and collect data, then we applaud them for that.”
Reporter: David Ludlam is Executive Director of West Slope Colorado Oil and Gas Association. While the Paonia citizen's group is often at odds with the mission of the industry organization, Ludlam says the more baseline data, the better. Still they are more comfortable with scientific studies where academics are calling the shots. Across Colorado there are efforts underway to improve monitoring of air quality at drilling operations. There is also growing pressure on the state to lower the industry's pollution, too. Governor John Hickenlooper recently suggested tightening regulations… and the state's health department is planning public hearings early next year.
The minute by minute air sampling by Alison Gannett's backpack is especially important to them Gannett's life literally depends on knowing how much oil and gas chemicals are in the air around them
Alison Gannett: “I have a brain tumor right now. One of the reasons I have a brain tumor is I have a genetic deficiency that allows me to not process chemicals like a normal person. So a level of benzene that might not bother you, is gonna cause my brain tumor to grow. You know how many people are out there like me, that are extremely sensitive to chemicals, and I never even know it ‘til three weeks ago.”
Reporter: The study in Paonia will tell them whether she's safe from benzene and other oil and gas chemicals now… and how much leeway they have if new drilling starts nearby.
N.C. Governor: Backlash to Anti-LGBT Bill Is "Political Correctness Run Amok"
After passing House Bill 2, North Carolina's Republican governor, Pat McCrory, dismissed criticism of the legislation as “political correctness” in an interview with NBC News Monday night.
HB 2 has been called the “country's most sweeping anti-LGBT bill,” one that effectively rescinds local nondiscrimination ordinances across the state that allow trans people equal access in public accommodations—including housing, employment, and city facilities. These protections would provide trans trans people affirming access to the public restroom that most closely corresponds with their gender identity.
Since HB 2 was signed into law last Wednesday evening, companies like PayPal, Apple, Bank of America, American Airlines, and Dow Chemical have all spoken out against the legislation. The National Basketball Association has stated that the bill may jeopardize North Carolina's opportunity to host the league's all-star game in 2017.
In a sit down interview with NBC's Janet Shamlian, McCrory argued that the backlash against HB 2 is unwarranted. “We are not taking away any rights,” they said. “We have the exact same rules and regulations [as] 25 other states in the United States of America.”
McCrory clarified that their state's bill is different than Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allowed businesses to discriminate against LGBT customers—and deny them service—based a business owner's personal religious beliefs. Indiana's RFRA was passed in March 2015. A corporate boycott cost the state an estimated $60 million, which forced Gov. Mike Pence to all but rescind it.
“[HB 2] had to do with… government overreach, enforcing businesses to allow men to be in women's or girls restrooms or shower facilities,” they said. “This is political correctness run amok.”
The legislation was pushed through by North Carolina's state legislature in an “emergency session” to block the adoption of a Charlotte law passed by their city council in February. Set to take effect on April 1, the law would have extended the city's existing nondiscrimination protections to its trans residents.
During the interview, Shamlian interjected in defense of the Charlotte ordinance. “Should we be politically correct for everyone?” they asked.
McCrory argues that isn't necessary. “We are too much politically correct,” they responded. “We have this political correctness in our nation that's taking over common sense. … We all have to make adjustments in life. We've had these proper etiquette situations for decades in our country and all of a sudden—through political correctness—we're throwing away basic etiquette.”
They continue, “What if your daughter—or son—were showering and a man walks into the room and says, ‘This is what I am?'”
Despite McCrory's statement, there's no evidence that transgender people pose a threat to the safety of others, including children, in public restrooms. Numerous independent studies have shown there's not a single reported case of trans individuals attacking another person in a public facility.
Watch Pat McCrory's full interview with NBC below.
The US Supreme Court has just refused to hear an appeal by gun owners of an Illinois ban on semi-automatic "assault" rifles and high capacity ammunition magazines. Curiously, Justice Antonin Scalia (and their apparent intellectual doppleganger Clarence Thomas) dissented with this decision, lamenting that lower courts that uphold limitations on gun ownership have been ignoring Supreme Court precedent on the 2nd Amendment. That is curious since, in their ruling enshrining the individual right to own guns, Scalia themselves all but invited such bans. The Illinois ban seems consistent with Scalia's own precedent setting language.
In District of Columbia v. Heller, Scalia themselves explicitly allowed for and even seemed to invite reasonable gun control, writing:
"Like most rights, the right secured by the Second Amendment is not unlimited...". It is "...not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose."
"Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms."
"We also recognize another important limitation on the right to keep and carry arms. Miller (an earlier case) said, as we have explained, that the sorts of weapons protected were those "in common use at the time". We think that limitation is fairly supported by the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of 'dangerous and unusual weapons.' "
The court even recognizes a long-standing judicial precedent "...to consider... prohibitions on carrying concealed weapons."
Let's consider that Supreme Court precedent-setting language in light of current gun control proposals, all of which are blindly opposed by the paranoid libertarian fringe of the gun rights movement that calls any effort to limit gun control unconstitutional. The following ideas for reasonable gun control currently being proposed are explicitly sanctioned by the Supreme Court as constitutional;
"...longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill,"
"... laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings,"
"...laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms."
(Like background checks, waiting periods, and closing the loophole that requires background checks on gun buyers in stores, but not on those who buy guns at gun shows (at which many stores set up and sell guns.)
Scalia also writes that the Supreme Court considers it constitutional for governments "...to consider... prohibitions on carrying concealed weapons."
And specifically as to the Illinois ban on military style 'assault' rifles and high capacity magazines, Scalia seemed to allow for that too;
"...the sorts of weapons protected (by the 2nd Amendment) were those "in common use at the time". We think that limitation is fairly supported by the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of 'dangerous and unusual weapons.' "
This seems to almost explicitly state that semi-automatic weapons with high capacity magazines are not constitutionally protected. Yet curiously Scalia now seems to infer that the Illinois ban on 'dangerous and unusual weapons' ignores the precedent of their own language in District of Columbia v. Heller.
Gun rights advocates protest that any of these limitations would be unconstitutional. They are simply wrong. The ruling that gives them the right to own guns is expressly
"...not a right to keep and carry any weapon whatsoever in any manner whatsoever and for whatever purpose."
In the 1970s a handful of fanatical libertarians took control of the NRA in a coup and turned guns into a symbol of their absolutist demand for individual liberties. That symbol has been adopted by anybody upset that the government has too much control over their lives, which includes a lot of people with a more conservative political philosophy.
Yet the majority of Americans, including the majority of NRA members, support the idea of reasonable gun control, like the controls specifically sanctioned as constitutional by the Supreme Court.
So why do the gun rights absolutists win? They care more. They are deeply upset that society that is changing on many values questions in ways they don't like. They see these changes as signs that they don't have control over their society and their lives and their futures. Powerlessness is scary. We all need a sense of control we all need to help us feel safe. The deep fear of gun rights extremists exceeds the general public's fear of guns, either the personal fear of being shot or the general moral fear that innocent people will be shot. There is a passion gap, which is why the NRA is winning the political battle over gun control.
To counter that imbalance, the majority that wants gun control should start using Justice Scalia's own ruling to demonstrate that being conservative does not mean rejecting any and all gun control. The concern that government has too much control over our lives does not mean, even to arch conservative activist Justice of the Supreme Court Antonin Scalia, that government can't have any. And it is the very ruling on the 2nd amendment establishing the individual's right to own guns that say so.
Also on HuffPost:
If you're a Republican with aspirations for a career in the United States Senate, you better first make sure you're on Donald Trump's good side.
At least that's what Republican leaders are reportedly telling both incumbent and aspiring Senators, according to a report by the Washington Examiner on Wednesday. Because of the president-elect's long history of lashing out at members of their own party when they feel slighted by them — something that traditionally has not been done by presidents and presidential nominees — Republican leaders are allegedly telling their party's potential Senate candidates for 2018 to make sure the president-elect is behind their candidacies.
Advertisement:
"I think that would be smart," Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas told the Washington Examiner on Tuesday. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Sen. Cory Gardner of Colorado, who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee, are also encouraging their favorite candidates to avoid being on the wrong end of Trump's hostility by taking pre-emptive action.
Trump's willingness to turn on members of congress from their own party has a long history. Earlier this month they tweeted criticism that House Republicans were acting too soon in gutting the Office of Congressional Ethics, and soon thereafter they withdrew the amendment that would have allowed them to do so. When it seemed like the Republican Party had abandoned them during the doldrums of their presidential campaign in late October, Trump stopped fundraising for Senate Republican candidates.
Their willingness to go after members of congress from their own party traces back to the early months of their presidential campaign. In July 2015, they challenged Sen. John McCain's reputation as a war hero and released Sen. Lindsey Graham's personal cell phone number after they criticized them for "fir[ing] up the crazies" and "being a jackass," respectively.
Ralph Nader wants Senator Diane Feinstein (D-California) to introduce legislation to put a halt to the sell off of the United States Postal Service (USPS) buildings around the country.
In a letter, Nader calls on Feinstein to “introduce and champion a bill to immediately suspend all sales of postal properties throughout the country.”
Why Feinstein?
As it turns out, Feinstein's husband, Richard Blum, is chairperson of the C.B. Richard Ellis Group (CBRE), which has an exclusive contract to negotiate the sale of USPS real estate.
Investigative journalist Richard Byrne has dug into CBRE's and Blum's activities and written an expose, most recenty in e-book form, titled: Going Postal: U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein's Husband Sells Post Offices to Their Friends, Cheap.
In their letter, Nader highlights a number of troubling issues raised by Byrne, including that in the first two years of CBRE's contract with USPS, it sold 52 postal properties at $66 million less than their assessed value.
“Perhaps of greater concern,” Nader writes, “is that, according to Mr. Byrne, CBRE has sold 20 percent of the postal service's real estate portfolio that has been sold to date to its own clients or business partners.”
Byrne says that the CBRE contract with USPS was renegotiated in 2012 so as to allow CBRE to negotiate on behalf of both the USPS and prospective buyers.
“How can the U.S. Postal Service reasonably expect that CBRE would obtain the highest possible value for postal properties if CBRE represents both sides of the transaction?” Nader asks.
Nader cites a June 2013 USPS Office of the Inspector General report that expressed concern about the potential for a conflict of interest when CBRE is allowed to negotiate on behalf of the seller, the USPS, as well as the buyer.
“Is it any wonder that you haven't been particularly outspoken on this issue in light of the fact that you and your husband, Richard Blum, stand to gain generously from their connection to the sale of post offices throughout the country?” Nader asked Feinstein.
Feinstein's Capitol Hill office did not return calls seeking comment.
The catastrophic fire which gutted migrant accommodation in Dusseldorf followed weeks of tension between inhabitants and may have been sparked by an argument over Ramadan meals, according to local reports.
On Tuesday, a building used to accommodate migrants close to the Messe Dusseldorf trade fair grounds to the north of the city burned to the ground in what police believe was a case of arson by residents.
Police say nobody was seriously injured in the inferno but 28 residents and two emergency services personnel were treated for smoke inhalation. According to DW, the 5,000 sq meter building is home to 282 men from countries in North Africa and the Middle East.
Six men residing in the halls were arrested and questioned by police on suspicion of starting the blaze, according to a police statement.
The suspects originate from Morocco, Algeria, Syria and Iraq, according to German newspaper Express, who report that displeased residents had previously torched a mattress at the facility.
German prosecutor Ralf Herrenbruck has suggested that problems at the facility finally came to a head over the festival of Ramadan on Tuesday.
“During this time of Ramadan, there was one group that wanted to strictly observe the fast, and another that insisted on the usual timetables and usual servings,” Herrenbruck told broadcaster WDR, report AFP.
“This had led on several occasions to disputes and altercations with officials of the German Red Cross. It got to the point where threats were made over what would happen if things didn't change, and that one threat was obviously implemented.”
It has since emerged that police had been called to at least four other attempted arsons at the asylum seeker facility two weeks before Tuesday's blaze, reports broadcaster WDR.
While residents at the Red Cross-supported facility are expected to stay at the site for only around six weeks, some of the residents had reportedly been living there for months.
“If so many different ethnic groups live together… there is also a dispute,” a Red Cross spokesperson said.
Footage from the incident shows thick black smoke and a wall of flames rising from the site which borders the Rhine River. An investigation is underway to determine the exact cause of the blaze.
Hi Guys!
This is a guide on how to get RouterOS from Mikrotik that is able to deliver Gigabit throughput, without having to buy expensive hardware! As I had a little struggle setting this up, I wanted to share this information and workarounds with people so it might get easier for you.
(Disclaimer: I am used and like Mikrotik with its RouterOS. Next to that it is a European Company. <- NSA Paranoid me speaking)
Introduction
I finally got around to get a fancy new ISP at home that delivers a gigabit synchronous (1 Gbit/s Up-/Download)! For those living in Switzerland, the ISP is Init7 with its product called Fiber7.
While it is still expensive to rent static IPv4 addresses for your home (and will probably get more and more expensive over time), you get a free static /48 IPv6 network yay!
The Issue
Now, 1 Gbit/s is a lot. And I mean it, a lot! Most of the consumer router technology that you can buy in stores can not handle this kind of speed. Next to that, you want it to be able to handle some things like firewalling, IPSEC and other services. We need more power in more affordable hardware. The two options for me were two brands that are somewhat in between consumer grade and carrier grade gear:
Ubiquiti, with its EdgeRouter Lite 3
Mikrotik, with its RouterOS
Why not a Mikrotik hardware/software bundle?
The answer is quite simple:
While Mikrotik has great products for most of the consumer available speeds, the hardware can not handle Gigabit throughput. The next router that can really get Gigabit throughput is a little bit to expensive for me (CloudCoreRouter Line).
Why not a EdgeRouter Lite 3?
This is only a matter of preference. I am used to Mikrotik and try to stay with it. I also use it in the Datacenter, which makes things simpler for me. Of course I tried it out, but it wasn't able to convince me (yet).
The Solution: Moar Power!
RouterOS, the software running on Mikrotik hardware can be installed on other systems! You can download a x86 version of the current RouterOS build on their Website. Theoretically, this means you can install the software on any x86 board. For this, I got the PCengines APU board which has a crazy power for its size and price. With this, I have the two components I need and like: Hardware powerful enough to handle Gigabit traffic and software I am used to and like.
What I used:
PCengines APU Board 1d4 (RouterOS can only handle 2gb of RAM, but yeah…)
RouterOS 6.29.1 ISO
Any SD card and SD Card reader if needed
Winbox (RouterOS Config and discovery tool)
vmware vmPlayer (VirtualBox will do as well, I just had vmPlayer already installed)
Serial Cable and Adapter
Step 1) Getting RouterOS on the SD Card
Sadly Netinstall, also a tool provided by Mikrotik, didn't work for me. I was able to Run it through and in said that the OS is installed on the SD, but it didn't boot. I looked into the issue with the Serial Console and noticed that it is failing to load Initrd, the system used to boot a system. I searched a little and came across a user with a similar issue, though they had a genius idea: Why not install RouterOS on a hardware disc (SD) in a virtual environment?
A quick shout out to jaykay2342 and their thread on the official Mikrotik forums which gave me the idea to write this blog!
Here is the step-by-step guide I used:
Download the latest ISO from the Mikrotik download page. Connect SD card to your system and make sure it is readable To Create a virtual machine that resembles the board you are using (Not sure if this helped. for me it was creating a VM with 3 network cards and a serial port, correct amount of CPU power and ram and of course, using the SD card as the HD) The SD card had to be connected by IDE for me, else it didn't recognize it as a HD. Start the VM with the ISO connected. Now it should simply allow you to install the system normally. Choose what packages you need and finish the installation. This takes a small moment, but once done, the machine reboots. Once rebooted, the system should finally show you the command line login interface of mikrotik! (You can assign a dhcp-client or a dhcp-server on all the interfaces if you want, this should make the next steps easier)
Step 2) Insert card into APU and boot it up!
Now that RouterOS is installed, you should be able to insert it into the APU and hope that it works. I monitored everything happening on the APU with the serial output, though I realized that after loading initrd and booting the system, serial output did not work anymore . Don't worry, the system is still loaded and booted, noticeable by the sound it makes once it finishes with the booting sequence.
You can now connect the APU to your network :D!
No dhcp-client/dhcp-server enabled
In case you didn't enable the dhcp-client, you can use the tool Winbox mentioned above to connect to the device without the need of an IP address and configure it.
DHCP-CLIENT/DHCP-SERVER enabled
Wait for the lease to be taken an log into it via web interface or ssh.
Pieces of advice
The default login is admin without a password
After successfully login into the system, immediately check the interfaces and correct them. give them the name you want and configure them to your liking
RouterOS is a licensed product! You can use this installation without license for 24 hours , if you want to use it for testing, you can get a Level 1 Demo license. More to licenses here.
IMPORTANT!!
If you have a Mikrotik system running and you want to move from this product to the APU, under no circumstances use a backup to restore the configuration on the APU from a Mikrotik, that has another amount of ports available. This will very likely break your system and make it unavailable even to the Winbox tool. *sob*
You can carefully use the export function on the cli or just open both Routers and copy the Rules and settings by hand.
Ending Note
I hope you can use this guide to make your life a little easier! If you have any questions or a heads-up, ask with a comment or mail me at me@schemen.me!
You can now finally enjoy Gigabit speed at home >:D!
Kickstarter announced several updates late Friday to its terms of use and policies for crowdfunded projects, according to a blog post at the company's site. The terms of use are not changing much about the spirit of the platform, but the update provides more detailed guidelines for setting expectations, both between Kickstarter and users, and project creators and their backers.
Kickstarter has iterated on its policies several times since it launched in 2009, with the most recent wave of revisions surrounding the site's transition from only posting projects cleared by the staff to clearing all projects that meet a basic set of criteria. Even still, some projects lack clear goals, encounter setbacks, or fail to deliver, like the myIDkey project that has burned through $3.5 million without yet distributing a finished product. The most recent terms revision is timely: on Thursday, science fiction author Neal Stephenson announced that a game they Kickstarted in 2012 with $526,000 in funding was officially canceled.
Section 4 of the new terms of service goes to lengths to help project creators set themselves up for success and/or not frustrate their backers. If the creators can't deliver, Kickstarter explains how to try and make good when the creators do not fulfill their goals or backer rewards.
In that event, creators are expected to explain what is happening and how the money was used, giving refunds to any backers who request them. Kickstarter also writes that, in lieu of giving refunds, backers can "explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form," which still provides a loophole for a creator to keep a project in eternal development hell.
But for the backers that may be jilted by a project gone bad, section 5 has some reminders: estimated completion dates are, in fact, estimates, and Kickstarter is not responsible for issuing refunds. However, backers can cancel their pledges at any time during funding. Afterward, refunds can still be processed, but the interaction must be between the backer and the creators themselves.
Leicester City skipper Wes Morgan says he's raring to go for the new Barclays Premier League season after an eventful and busy summer with Jamaica.
- Wes Morgan says he's fit and ready to turn out for Leicester City on the opening weekend.
- Claudio Ranieri's side face Sunderland at King Power Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
- The skipper has been away with Jamaica over the summer.
- The Reggae Boyz faced Lionel Messi's Argentina in the Copa America and reached the Gold Cup Final.
Leicester City skipper Wes Morgan says he's raring to go for the new Barclays Premier League season after an eventful and busy summer with Jamaica.
The defender competed against some of the world's best teams in the Copa America in June before helping the Reggae Boyz reach their first-ever Gold Cup Final against Mexico last month – a massive achievement.
But now they have returned to Leicester, the focus is very much on the opening Premier League fixture against Sunderland at King Power Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
And with new manager Claudio Ranieri taking the team, there's plenty to look forward to for Morgan, who is keen to build on what has been a memorable year for them already.
“It has been a very long summer,” Morgan told Foxes Player HD. “There's been a lot of football that I've had to play but it's been a good experience and good to do something different and play in different competitions against different types of teams.
“It's something that I may not get a chance to do again and I've really enjoyed it. At the same time I'm glad to be back and I'm ready and raring to go for Leicester City now.”
Please submit your email to receive the latest Ascension energies about every ten days.
I share what Soul guides me to share about every two weeks. I don't consider this channeling, for my Soul and I are One. The Ascension Notes include the latest energies and each word carries high dimensional energy that flow into you as you read, helping you during this time of Transformation. The Notes are very grounding and practical. They are your potential and the information is not to be stuck in your intellect, but felt in your Heart.
Listen to Kara's latest Ascension Note
Please go to the Donation page to make a donation that supports this work.
« Ascension Notes
A Whole New Place of Being - 13-Oct-2015
Certainly we have been through a very major period of downloads. If you're like me, you have experienced this in very visceral ways from old beliefs coming up, including sleeplessness, body pain and old misconceptions of yourself that are not Love. It has all been for Love. As Hearts have opened more, it is difficult to be around others who are still stuck in their intellects as well as other closed-hearted ones. You see, we connect through our Hearts; through feeling. You might wonder erroneously what is wrong with you when you simply can't connect with these folks. Being of the Heart makes you more empathic, knowing others in ways they simply can't see themselves. It could be confusing, as many of these folks speak of the New Life, and yet if you look/feel closer, you see they are not who they pretend to be. Follow your own feelings, rather than allow yourself to doubt your own Heart-knowing. Honor your perceptions and in this way, you anchor the high dimensional energies flowing into you. With this Heart upgrade, you may go through yet another let-go of others.
If you cannot find a Heart connection with others, let it be what it is and find that Heart connection within yourself. If old tapes come up like not being good enough or being wrong, let them go and know you are simply feeling another truly. Release any unworthiness and lack as it comes up and connect where you truly resonate. Let go of self-doubt too; these are all old programs that simply cannot co-exist with the expansion of Love that you are. If you feel rejected, this is also to be released; it's based on old beliefs and programming that you are not enough. You are not rejected; you are merely seeing that you no longer resonate with certain others. Honor yourself at all times.
We continue to purify ourselves and we do this by making choices that allow us to be more Love. When we are confused by another's words or actions, it is a message that something doesn't resonate and then we have the opportunity to choose a path; to stay or to leave. Do we honor ourselves and let these others go or do we adjust ourselves to please and thus keep them in our lives? Always choose self-Love, self-Respect and self-Honor. When one is truly awake, they are aware of not only themselves, but what is within others. There are no secrets. There is no hiding or pretending to be something you're not. Love is open, clear and transparent. If you get your buttons pushed, take a moment to see if it is something within you or is a projection by another. Don't become defensive, for that is ego-protection of something that wants release. We need not seek Heart connections; we attract them by being authentically ourselves. This aligns us with Love and it is that vibration that attracts like to us. Pay attention to when your energy soars and when it is depleted, for this will give you a clue as to where you belong or don't belong. Always take Responsibility if something is yours, for we are moving from the old traits of blame, projection, suppression and victimization. Such a gift this is, for nothing can hide from us, especially if it is something that is within us. Just remember that if it is yours, you will feel a reaction; if it is a projection from outside of you, you will not feel the need to react or even respond. Although you may choose to respond; as always it is a choice.
Know too that by allowing others to tell you who you are or what to do is not self-Love. Therefore, it is self-Love to have boundaries when you feel it is necessary and not blindly accept another's judgment or belief about you. If you've always been willing to listen and accept another's opinion of you, there will be a shift to not accepting another's words just because they say it (this is giving your Power away), but an honoring of who you are and who you are becoming. Love doesn't mean you have to accept as truth what another projects onto you; Love is honoring yourself and your own knowing. You needn't convince anyone of who you are, for your vibration will do all the work. There may be some who simply drift away without you having to do anything. Be in Allowance of what is. Let it be, for as you stand in your own truth, those who do not resonate with you will leave. All it takes is for you to be yourself without the need to fix or change anything. Just be you and all is arranged by Divine Order. Honor however you feel in each and every moment.
As we become more and more multidimensional, everything is fluid. There are no set rules or shoulds or supposed tobe; all is in flux. As you stay in the moment, you will feel what resonates and what doesn't. We are releasing much density; not only in our beliefs (mental), our emotions, but also in our physicality. This results in lots of shifting in our bodies. When a density leaves, it may create some pain and we may experience certain aches; be they physical or emotional. In time, Balance and equilibrium return as we adjust to the changes. What is so very important is to stay present and rather than attach or judge something as “wrong,” be the observer, for certainly things will shift.
As we receive this high potent energy, know you may use it to change anything in your life or create a new project or create a new you. Do be patient, for it takes being in the moment and taking one step at a time. We still live in a 3D reality, even though each of us is vibrating in higher dimensions. When we honor ourselves, we bring our high dimensional energies onto Earth, so that She, in time, transforms into a higher dimension. When this occurs, you notice that things manifest rather quickly. Certainly it is occurring for many already. You see, nothing is set in stone or is all one way or another nor does anything happen on a particular timetable. Do not be in self-judgment about this, for each of us is exactly where we're meant to be for our highest learning and evolution. Being multidimensional means that we experience more than one thing at a time.
Be present with whatever is up for you. Intend for the highest evolution for yourself. The energy we have been receiving is very transformative and full of the high dimensional Source codes so that we may live at a higher level of Love. As you are present with “what is,” you flow with the energies, rather than against them. Surrender to where the Flow takes you, rather than asserting your ego-will upon the direction you think you want. In this way, you honor your Soul's Wisdom and don't fall back into the fear of moving forward.
While we continue to receive high dimensional Light and new codes, we also continue to let go of all that is not Love. Stay focused on who you are becoming, even while this may feel like it is taking a very long time. Trust that all that is occurring is for your evolution into being nothing but Love. Anything less than that is pure illusion based on old beliefs. We are in a whole new growth cycle and at the beginning of New Earth; do not be fooled by what outer life tells you, but focus on Truth. We are in endings and new beginnings. The endings are about releasing duality and old beliefs and misconceptions of old life. There is a completion of old life with the ending of relationships that no longer fit who we are and the beginning of new ones, based on Love and Trust. The old relationships based on the lack of trust and expectations are done with. Any relationship begun with old preconceived ideas simply cannot endure. This is true for any kind of relationship; be it friendship, romantic, familial or any kind of attachment. If you do not fully resonate at the Heart, the relationship cannot be sustained without the lowering of your own vibration in order to “make it work.” We simply cannot make ourselves fit into a box; for any box is old and can't contain the largeness of who we are now.
We continue to recalibrate ourselves and adjust to New Life. Keep your focus on what you want to create without the distractions of a world in the throes of Transformation. As you do, you will be guided by Soul, so surrender to where you are led to be with Courage and Confidence. Slowly we are building our New Lives and New Earth. Realize that you are brand new; a baby ready to explore this new life uninhibited and with full support, guided by Love.
Note: I will be out of the country beginning on October 16th, so the next Ascension Note will most likely be delayed.
~ ~ ~
http://www.soulsticerising.com/donate.asp If so guided, your continued tithes are graciously and gratefully accepted. And thank you to those of you who consistently tithe to support this body of work. Tithing is giving from the Heart; creating a consciousness of Prosperity. I am blessed and grateful for each of you!
Important: if you sign up to receive the Ascension Notes from my website, please add Important: if you sign up to receive the Ascension Notes from my website, please add kara@soulsticerising.com to your spam filters...as I receive notices of being undeliverable because it's considered spam
According to a blockbuster report from Circa.com, a Federal Intellience Surveillance Act court has now found that the Obama administration violated its own guidelines when it radically expanded internet searches focused on American citizens in contravention of law. According to the court:
Since 2011, NSA's minimization procedures have prohibited use of U.S.-person identifiers to query the results of upstream Internet collections under Section 702. The Oct. 26, 2016 notice informed the court that NSA analysts had been conducting such queries in violation of that prohibition, with much greater frequency than had been previously disclosed to the Court.
What does this mean in plain language? It means that the Obama administration increased the number of searches involving Americans by a factor of three, and unmasked far more Americans than before 2011. Circa quotes the ACLU as stating that these are “some of the most serious [violations] to ever be documented and strongly call into question the US intelligence community's ability to police itself.” In October, just before the election, the NSA said that it told the court that it had boosted its surveillance, and even stated in April that the “NSA will no longer collect certain internet communications that merely mention a foreign intelligence target.”
Since at least Edward Snowden's revelations regarding the nature of NSA surveillance in 2013, Americans have been on edge about the power the National Security Agency has over the communications of the American people. President Trump's tweet in March alleging that the Obama administration had “tapped” their wires in Trump Tower caused a new round of allegations and counter-allegations.
But now we know that the NSA has again abused its privilege – that they broadened their search patterns dramatically after 2011. Such revelations do little to restore the public trust lost after years of debate over the expansion in practice of the Patriot Act. And they continue to add fuel to the flames regarding suspicions of politically-motivated surveillance.
[Complete] The maintenance has been completed as of 2:53 PM PDT (5:53 PM EDT / 11:53 PM CEST / 8:53 AM AEDT). Cash items in your inventory have been extended to cover the amount of time the game was unavailable. Please log out of the Nexon Launcher and then back in before you play the game.
We will be performing an unscheduled maintenance on Friday, October 27, 2017 at 1:00 PM PDT (4:00 PM EDT / 10:00 PM CEST / 7:00 AM AEDT). We anticipate the maintenance to last approximately 2 hours.
Please note that the estimated length of time for each maintenance is subject to change without notification.
Thanks for your patience!
Time:
Friday, October 27, 2017
PDT: 1:00 PM – 3:00 PM
EDT: 4:00 PM – 6:00 PM
CEST: 10:00 PM– 12:00 AM (October 28)
AEDT: 7:00 AM (October 28) – 9:00 AM (October 28)
What will be unavailable:
All MapleStory game servers.
Changes and Updates:
Manu Fernandez/Associated Press
Barcelona defeated Bayern Munich convincingly, 4-0, and Chelsea won at Liverpool, 3-1.
***
The all-English Champions League quarterfinal between Liverpool and Chelsea is almost boring: it's the third match of at least four that the two teams will play against each other this season. And it marks the fifth consecutive season the two have met in the Champions League. So instead of another Blues-Reds summary, we choose instead to focus on the less-familiar matchup between two teams who are riding contrasting fortunes into the first-leg matchup today.
Jurgen Klinsmann and Bayern Munich are still reeling from a 5-1 defeat to Vf Wolfsburg (and more so, from the embarrassment suffered at the feet of Grafite), precipitating a dangerous drop in the Bundesliga standings, where the Bavarians now sit 3 points off the lead and only 3 points ahead of fifth-place Stuttgart.
The poor showing earned Klinsi a rebuke from the Kaiser. “What happened in Wolfsburg was beneath us,” said Franz Beckenbauer, the Bayern Munich president. “The board will meet in the summer and analyze everything. Then we're able to react if necessary.”
Can Bayern recover against a team as talented and in-form as Barcelona?
“It feels like a mission impossible, but we know from experience that miracles or upsets do happen in football,” said Munich chairperson Karl-Heinz Rummenigge.
Victor R. Caivano/Associated Press
The Guardian's Germany correspondent, Raphael Honigstein, handicaps the Bavarian club's chances with equally dire language:
In a normal year, the German record champions would also approach this match with typical “mia san mia” attitude. This Bavarian mantra translates as “we are who we are,” an expression of unshakable confidence in your own abilities. It's difficult to know who you are, however, when the look in the mirror presents you with a radically different view from one week to the next.
Klinsmann remains confident in their team and their approach, which they admit always ruffles the powers-that-be who find their modern approach unsettling at first. “There were many questions from the players, the club, the fans,” Klinsmann told the BBC in an exclusive interview. “In order to catch up with the big teams, we needed to play a faster game and we had to be sharper mentally.”
“That's what we did from Day 1 — we tried to work toward that goal. But it took time for people to get used to that and that's why we lost games at the beginning.”
“If you move people out of the comfort zone then they're not happy,” they continued. “But you don't take them out of the comfort zone to tease them, it's for their own benefit.”
Pep Guardiola and Barcelona, by contrast, are quite comfortable. Riding a four-game domestic winning streak (during which Barça has not given up a goal), the team is on track for an unprecedented Spanish treble (or would that be trillizo?) — La Liga, Kings Cup and the Champions League.
“I want to win the Champions League. It is a competition I am passionate about and I have never won it,” said Barça striker Thierry Henry who, as the captain of Arsenal in 2006, lost to Barcelona in the Champions League final.
Henry will have an opportunity to make their mark tonight at the Nou Camp when they start up front with Samuel Eto'o and Lionel Messi in what Guardiola promises will be an aggressively attacking formation.
“It will not be easy,” the Barça manager conceded, according to La Marca in Spain. “But we will look to create opportunities to score.”
“We try to move the ball around up top and be very intense at all times to create scoring chances,” Guardiola said.
In their online debate with Honigstein, Sid Lowe, the Guardian's Spanish correspondent, says this style of play and Bayern's inability to contend with the speed and activity of the blaugrana are exactly why Barça will defeat Bayern.
“Barcelona beat Valladolid this weekend with Leo Messi, Thierry Henry and Alves on the bench,” noted Lowe. “Bayern conceded five against Wolfsburg and have been a defensive disaster all season. What hope have they got against FC Barcelona? How can they possibly stop the Barcelona attack?
“The answer is that they probably can't.”
Speaking at the Faith and Freedom Coalition on Saturday, former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin made the case that the U.S. should not intervene in Syria until the American public elects a new president. The Hill reports:
Former GOP vice presidential candidate and Alaska governor Sarah Palin told a Washington audience Saturday that the U.S. should not get involved in the Syrian civil war.
Palin argued that the U.S. should not intervene in any Middle East conflict as long as President Obama remains in office.
“Until we have a commander in chief who knows what they are doing....let Allah sort it out!” they told the Faith and Freedom Coalition.
The statement shows how far Palin has drifted from former running mate Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who is the chief Senate proponent of U.S. military action to help the Syrian rebels.
This week, the White House announced it had concluded that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad had used chemical weapons against the rebels, thereby crossing a “red line.” Obama has now decided to arm select elements of the Syrian rebellion.
Palin also used their speech to blast the “good ole boys” in Congress and they advised them to follow the lead of first-year student Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), a Tea Party darling.
Paul Otellini, chief executive of Intel from 2005 to 2013, passed away in their sleep on Monday, October 2, 2017, Intel has announced. Mr. Otellini was Intel's first CEO who did not have a technology educational background, and yet spent their entire career at Intel. During their tenure at one of the world's largest chipmakers, they had a significant impact on the company's business and technology development.
“We are deeply saddened by Paul's passing,” Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said. “He was the relentless voice of the customer in a sea of engineers, and they taught us that we only win when we put the customer first.”
Paul Otellini was born in San Francisco on October 12, 1950. They received a bachelor's degree in economics from the University of San Francisco in 1972, then an MBA from the University of California, Berkeley in 1974. Mr. Otellini joined Intel in 1974 and then held various positions at the company for 39 years before they retired in 2013.
Despite the fact that they did not have any educational background in technology, their impact on Intel (and therefore on the whole IT industry) is hard to overstate. For example, they used to run Intel Architecture Group, responsible for developing CPUs and chipsets as well as the company's strategies for desktop, mobile and enterprise computing. Besides, they used to be the general manager of Intel's Sales and Marketing Group, before becoming COO in 2002 and CEO in 2005.
One of their main accomplishments in the early 2000s was Intel's shift from CPU development to platform development. Until Intel launched its Centrino platform (CPU, chipset, Wi-Fi controller) in 2003, the company focused primarily on microprocessor design, leaving parts of the chipset business and other chips to third parties, such as VIA Technologies or SiS. Centrino demonstrated that a platform approach yields better financial results, as the company could sell more chips per PC than before.
Later on, Mr. Otellini re-organized Intel around platforms for client and server machines, which streamlined development of the company's compute solutions in general. The company's financial results were strong even during the global economic recession from 2008 to 2010. In fact, they managed to increase Intel's revenues from $34 billion in 2004 to $53 billion in 2012.
Among the big victories of Mr. Otellini that Intel names their win of Apple's PC business: until 2006, Apple used PowerPC processors, but switched to Intel's x86 architectures completely in the period from early 2006 to early 2008. It took Mr. Otellini nearly a decade to put Intel's chips inside Macintosh computer. They first met Steve Jobs when they were still at NeXT in the late 1990s and kept meeting with them regularly until the deal was signed in 2005.
“Intel had a reputation for being a tough partner, coming out of the days when it was run by Andy Grove and Craig Barrett,” said Mr. Otellini in Walter Isaacson's Steve Jobs book. “I wanted to show that Intel was a company you could work with. So a crack team from Intel worked with Apple, and they were able to beat the conversion deadline by six months.”
Eventually, Intel did not win Apple's mobile contract due to various factors, but Mr. Otellini was quick to address one of Intel platforms' main drawback: slow integrated GPUs. During their famous presentation at IDF in 2007, Mr. Otellini announced plans to increase performance of the company's iGPUs by 10 times by 2010, but in reality the company did better than that. In fact, Intel has increased its iGPU performance quite dramatically in the last 10 years, a clear indicator that Paul Otellini and their team considered Intel's weaknesses seriously and set up a foundation to overcome them.
Paul Otellini is survived by their wife Sandy (with whom they were married for 30 years), their son Patrick and their daughter Alexis.
Related Reading:
My late grandmother used to tell me to "take people as I found them." Using their words as a life rule, Nick Cave is – in my experience – both a kind and well-mannered gent. I met them in 2010, along with their fellow Grindermen as they promoted their excellent Grinderman 2 album. As a boisterous interview ended, Cave congratulated me on "not being another fucking scumbag journalist," which I'm pretty sure my grandmother would have thought a mightily kind gesture. I received the compliment (which is in the running to be the title of my terminally-unwritten memoirs – 'Not Another Fucking Scumbag Journalist') for not enquiring as to whether Grinderman was Cave's mid-life crisis band. I had scrubbed the question minutes before the interview.
However, this was only the beginning of Nick Cave's grandparent-impressing performance. As we said our goodbyes, Nick took my hand and drew me in for a manly hug. At the same time they burped. Not a huge, room-silencing belch, but a burp nonetheless. And while I accept that may have not been a brilliant example of manners, it's what they did next that sealed the deal. Cave quickly grabbed each side of my face and moved my head away from the burp area. Nick Cave – they of The Birthday Party, The Bad Seeds and Grinderman infamy – had saved me from having to smell their gastric gas. What a gentleman.
I may, of course, have met Mr Cave on a good day, but I'm willing to bet that if I'd interviewed them in 1988, they may have been less concerned about protecting my nasal passages. Twenty-five years ago, Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds released a fifth solo album, Tender Prey. It's still, in many ways, my favourite album in Cave's extraordinary canon of work. It was the point at which Cave seemed to really begin to trust their talent as a songwriter, as they moved The Bad Seeds further away from the gloriously savage goth-punk of The Birthday Party and their early solo work.
However, Tender Prey was made during a hugely unsettled time in Cave's life. During its creation and recording, Cave lived is an apartment in Berlin's Kreuzberg area and was using heroin regularly. Bad Seed guitarist Mick Harvey is quoted as describing 1987 as being "an utterly chaotic year" and that Cave's drug use "was at its worst point and beginning to interfere with what was going on." Cave was also stretching themselves to the limit creatively - they were composing snippets of songs for Tender Prey whilst also writing their debut novel And The Ass Saw The Angel and appearing in their first feature film, Ghosts… of The Civil Dead.
Somehow Tender Prey was recorded over snatches of sessions spread over a six-month period between August 1987 and January 1988 in Berlin, London and Australia. At the time, the Bad Seeds had grown to a six-piece, with keyboardist Roland Wolf and Cramps/Gun Club founder Kid Congo Powers joining Cave, Harvey, guitarist Blixa Bargeld and drummer Thomas Wydler. If the sessions were fractured and tense (Cave at one point punched engineer Tony Cohen for failing to overt a stab of feedback), alchemy was taking place - Tender Prey would prove to be a thrilling listen. "We knew we had some great things in there somewhere," Cave would later remark about the ragged recording process, "and it took a few shots at it to find them."
Tender Prey was released on September 19th 1988. The opening track is arguably one of Nick Cave's finest moments and, from a personal perspective, would become one of my favourite songs of all time. 'The Mercy Seat' was, quite simply, a masterpiece. Over seven terrifying minutes, Cave told the story of a man about to be executed by electric chair. A simple piano coda, set amid piercing guitars and guttural drum samples, framed a track steeped in religious imagery, which wrestled with notions of injustice, redemption and salvation.
Lyrically, 'The Mercy Seat' displayed Cave's obsessive focus and use of fabulous metaphor and alliteration. From the psychedelic death-row observation of "A ragged cup, a twisted mop / The face of Jesus in my soup" to the hellish final moments of "Into the mercy seat I climb / My head is shaved, my head is wired," 'The Mercy Seat' was compelling storytelling. In 2013, it still sounds magnificent. In 2000, Johnny Cash's gentler version had already confirmed the majesty of Cave's original composition.
Amazingly, the song's genesis took place over several months. At the time, Cave was deep into writing And The Ass Saw The Angel, was barely sleeping and would infrequently jot down the odd idea for a song in a notebook. They would later reveal that 'The Mercy Seat' grew from "a little plant into something monstrous and many-headed" over a protracted period. This was typical of the disjointed way much of Tender Prey was created, with Cave initially presenting a number of tracks as minimal piano-based compositions. According to Mick Harvey "it took us a while to develop these [new songs] into something but, bit, by bit, we cobbled the album together."
And if the Flood-produced Tender Prey was "cobbled together" by a band collectively hammering all manner of narcotics, led by a heroin-addicted singer trying to juggle three major artistic projects at once, the end result was miraculously good. Over ten stubbornly virile tracks, Tender Prey re-presented Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds as masters of garage punk, gothic country and ragged blues, with lyrics laced in malevolent bombast and Catholic guilt. To my 18-year-old ears, the album sounded menacingly sexy.
In truth, 'The Mercy Seat' was not only the standout track on Tender Prey but also an outlier. A number of songs on the album remained piano-led and contained a burgeoning musicality. The seeds – if you will excuse the pun – for future classic albums such as 1996's exquisite Murder Ballads and 2004's epic double Abattoir Blues/The Lyre Of Orpheus were sown on Tender Prey. Be it on the nocturnal melodrama of 'Mercy' (a song about John the Baptist), on 'Watching Alice' (Cave's self-confessed paean to their fascination with voyeurism) or the gentle country gospel of the closing 'New Morning', The Bad Seeds had rarely sounded as tender or vulnerable.
In the aftermath of Tender Prey I lapped up everything Nick Cave-related. In August 1989 I saw them give a reading from And The Ass Saw The Angel at Manchester University. It was a darkly hilarious evening. Set against the gothic splendour of the university's Whitworth Building, Cave bounced between being genuinely funny and demonically bleak. A few weeks later I attended a matinee showing of Ghosts… of The Civil Dead at Manchester's Cornerhouse. Cave's performance was pretty staggering, and without wanting to offer any spoilers, their role in the film's utterly harrowing final scene ensured a stunned silence in the cinema as the credits rolled. I remember stumbling out into the Saturday afternoon shopping crowd feeling totally unnerved. I headed to the nearest pub and drank several pints of industrial-strength continental lager in an attempt to dull the stomach-churning shock.
Cave had flown to Melbourne in October 1987 to film their role as a prisoner at a 'super-maximum' security facility. Their interest in the film had been, in part, fuelled by their contempt for the penal system and "people deciding on other people's fate, which irritates and upsets me." Unfortunately for Cave, they were about to have a first-hand experience of such a system. In January 1988 they were arrested for possession of 884 milligrams of heroin. Previous convictions meant they faced the real possibility of a stint in prison unless they sought medical help for their drug addiction.
Cave subsequently undertook a two-month 'residential detoxification programme'. A short promo-tour followed during the summer of 1988, which was notable for an infamous altercation with NME journalist Jack Barron. Barron was writing a cover feature on The Bad Seeds but asked one too many question about Cave's drug use. The singer threw a glass at him, called them – quite marvelously - a "shit eater," before punching the journalist to the ground. I remember reading about this incident in the days before my Grinderman interview. It didn't help with my levels of apprehension and undoubtedly contributed to me scrubbing the mid-life crisis question.
But, aside from (or may be because of) Cave's personal roller-coaster, Tender Prey was a ragtag triumph. The rousing garage pop of 'Deanna' would quickly become one of Cave's best-known songs (it was almost 'radio friendly') and a live favourite. The track was based on a version of Edwin Hawkins' 'O Happy Day' and inspired by a teenage relationship Cave had with a girl in Melbourne and the song would allow Cave to "time-travel" to happier days. Again, the lyrics were particularly memorable - "Murder takes the wheel of your Cadillac / And death climbs in the back" depicted the real-life Deanna's zest for cruising around Melbourne in search of semi-legal mischief, while the "Ku Klux furniture" referenced the white-sheeted sofas in their parents' house.
Elsewhere, the growling 'City Of Refuge' was a homage to Berlin and a track inspired by a Blind Willie Johnson song of the same name, 'Up Jumped The Devil' shimmied with an almost vaudevillian Delta blues vibe and 'Sugar Sugar Sugar' oozed primal menace. Tender Prey was released to widespread critical acclaim. Chris Roberts - my favourite music journalist of that era - described the album in their Melody Maker review as "a circumstantial classic."
Twenty-five years on, Tender Prey remains a visceral, compelling listen. Amid the chaotic whirlwind that almost subsumed Nick Cave during its creation, it was album that defined the future direction of The Bad Seeds. After completing their time at the addiction clinic, Cave gave an interview to The Face magazine during which they described Tender Prey as "one long cry for help," before revealing that they didn't he'd been "honest about the way I feel because I've been totally numb - maybe all along I've been articulating how I should feel without feeling it." Against such an emotional backdrop, Tender Prey was a formidable achievement and the makings of an unlikely gentleman.
If, like millions of voters, you enjoyed the head-to-head election debates in 2015, I'm afraid the prospect of a repeat schedule became a little more tricky today.
We already know the Prime Minister doesn't want to take part in a head-to-head, insisting they has 'debated' Jeremy Corbyn every week in front of the parliamentary TV cameras for the best part of a year. That, and perhaps the fact that they are no fan of the media spotlight, or of its ability to find an inconvenient angle on the election campaign that isn't on the Conservative 'press grid'.
But today a source close to the Labour leader also ruled out their participation in any head-to-head debates which do not involve the Prime Minister. That could make it difficult for the broadcasters to 'empty chair' Theresa May in any such programming, as they now know Jeremy Corbyn would also fail to show up.
The thinking on Labour's part may well be that the 2015 'opposition parties' debate that didn't involve David Cameron effectively served as extra promotion for other parties, such as Plaid Cymru, the SNP and Greens, detracting from the message that Labour was the one and only source of opposition.
So with Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn both prepared to sit out a full-on debate in the format we've become accustomed to, that would only leave a handful of leaders of smaller parties willing to turn up. That doesn't rule out other forms of TV programming, perhaps allowing an audience or presenter to question each leader one by one, as happened in 2015. But the chance of Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May being on the same stage at the same time does now seem fairly slim.
An overnight fire at the Yuengling Brewery in Tampa was accidental and did about $1 million worth of damage, authorities said.
Brewery operations manager Jim Helmke said Sunday an upstairs area is "a mess," but no beer was lost, and the brewery will resume production Monday.
Firefighters rushed to the the 1950s-era brewery next to Busch Gardens around 8 p.m. after receiving a report the building was engulfed in flames. They found heavy smoke and fire coming from the brewery's storage building.
More than 60 firefighters took about an hour to bring the blaze under control, although crews continued to put out hot spots overnight. Workers in the building, which is located at at 11111 N. 30th Street, had been evacuated safely and no injuries were reported.
A Tampa firefighter did suffer minor injuries and was treated and released at a hospital, Tampa Fire Rescue said.
Helmke said the fire actually started while workers were putting in a fire escape. They said the workers were welding when some wood got hot, caught fire and spread through an upstairs area.
The Tampa Fire Marshal has ruled the fire accidental, although an investigation remains open.
Investigators said fire damage to the building and physical structure account for most of the estimated $1 million in damages.
The building is a former Stroh brewery and was purchased by Yuengling in 1999. Yuengling, which bills itself as America's oldest brewery, uses the Tampa location to produce beer for Tampa, Alabama and Tennessee.
Posted 07 July 2010 - 18:42
Reviews are in alphabetical order by brand and color name within the brand.
FPN and the moderators of this forum are not affiliated with The Writing Desk
Please Note: The following are not, generally, included in the Index of Reviews:
1. Comparisons, sample scans, and water tests (these go in the sub-forum--the link is below Ink Reviews link on main page.)
2. Reviews with a link to an external site, or otherwise, in order to view the "main body" of the review, including any images
3. Reviews that are done more than 1 to a topic. Please, only
ONE
review per post!
If you do not see a review of an ink here, but would like to see a good sized color swatch, member Martin Roberts has provided two wonderful tools on their website. The Writing Desk "Colorama" allows you to see many brands within a given color category side-by-side. The Ink Color Comparison feature allows you to choose three inks from any brand to view side-by-side. A large selection of colors and brands are available., but we are grateful that these tools are available to the FP community.
Edited by Ann Finley, 08 November 2010 - 07:01.
For years, red wine drinkers have extolled the health benefits of their precious vintage. However, now, research is tapping into the many health benefits of beer.
It seems when consumed in moderation (one 12-ounce bottle or pint for women and 2 for men), beer can fix whatever ales (ails) you—from providing vitamin-packed sustenance to reducing your risk of a heart attack. However, remember that binging on the wobbly pops will lead to weight gain and liver damage.
So pour yourself a frothy brewskie and savor the ten following health benefits of beer…
1. Hydration
Of course a tall, cold beer is called for on a hot, sweaty day. But a bottle of beer provides a decent source of hydration in a pinch as well. Beer was initially invented as a safe source of hydration since drinking water sources for British sailors could be quite questionable. You see, the alcohol within keeps the brew resistant to mold and spoiling.
Today, Bono visited Congress to attend a Senate subcommittee hearing on "causes and consequences of violent extremism and the role of foreign assistance." They were there alongside diplomats and aid experts asking the United States government to provide aid to the Middle East. "It could be the best bulwark we have against violent extremism," they said. While they were there, they also suggested another way to combat extremists like ISIS and Boko Haram: comedy. "Don't laugh," they said as they introduced their idea, adding, "I think comedy should be deployed." They elaborated:
"The first people that Adolf Hitler threw out of Germany were the dadaists and surrealists. It's like, you speak violence, you speak their language. But you laugh at them when they are goose-stepping down the street and it takes away their power. So I am suggesting that the Senate send in Amy Schumer and Chris Rock and Sacha Baron Cohen, thank you."
Schumer responded:
Watch an excerpt from their testimony via Mashable:
Update (4/13, 12:40 p.m.): Stephen Malkmus has shared their thoughts on Bono's ISIS-fighting plan. See their tweet below.
Introduction:
The artistic movement of Cubism has had an incalculable influence on the art history of the past century. Its temporal and spatial fluidity was new and exciting, and carried art yet further along its strange journey of influence from Impressionism toward Abstract Expressionism. Some formal attributes of Cubism, such as flattened perspective plane, an emphasis on forms and experiences over realistic minutiae, a reduction of realistic complexity to geometric simplicity, and sharply contrasting regions of intense color, are also present in a much more recent art form: pixel art.
One recent game which uses pixel art to great effect is Subset Games' acclaimed strategy roguelike, FTL: Faster Than Light . By taking a quick look at some of the art in FTL, one can acknowledge and remark upon the meaning it carries, in the hopes that others will go on to do the same for pixel art that interests them.
Pixel Art as an Art Movement:
Despite its far-reaching influence and near-constant presence, pixel art is very rarely treated as the movement it is; indeed, the Wikipedia article for pixel art reads more like a technical glossary than a page of information about a type of art like Pop Art or Impressionism.
One does not have to search far and wide for a reason behind this oversight, and many of you probably already have theories as to why this is the case. For myself, I would say that the problem is that Pop Art and Impressionism are movements of (among other things) painting, whereas pixel art is a movement primarily of games. The status of video games as a new art form is itself a controversial topic, and relies heavily upon the degree to which you think art can be (or already is) interactive.
But setting aside those bigger concerns temporarily, it is most assuredly possible to treat pixel art as a legitimate artistic movement, whether this assessment is ultimately complicated on closer inspection. In a brief demonstration of such a treatment, the validity of the art can be tentatively demonstrated as well.
I have written previously about some ways that the hardware constraints on earlier video games had fortuitous consequences in terms of gameplay, but pixel art is another, arguably much more significant consequence of the limitations of the earliest digital projects. And just like those gameplay elements, many indie games of the past decade have consciously employed what was once only implemented by necessity, and to great effect.
Pixel Art in FTL:
The denizens of the universe of FTL: Faster Than Light are nothing short of impressionistic. Their top-down perspective can be accurately represented by a height by width ratio of about 12 by 17 pixels, and each character is usually limited to shades of two or three colors, plus their outlines. Using that same scale (representing scaled pixels in the above image by individual beads), a human's face is eight squares of flesh tones. But in these tiny crewmembers one comprehends a reduction to the essential. The spare forms of the different species communicate their roles in broad strokes: power, precision, energy, clumsiness, banality, and more.
There is something symbolic, or inherently inaccurate, to a presentation so utterly sparing and so vibrantly colored. The communication of this notion to much of FTL: Faster Than Light‘s audience is supported by the myriad ways in which different fans have interpreted more realistic renderings of the characters. Just as in Cubism, what is captured is not the image as a photographer would capture it, but as a human could experience it: feelings and impressions inform the art. Perhaps a study of which gameplay styles and which character forms or colors are most strongly correlated to each other would be revealing of cultural attitudes toward body types or potentialities.
Now consider the FTL characters in their natural habitat, situated among the rest of the art in the above screenshot (putting these animated elements back onto their animated canvas). Notice how each character is little more than a speck on the screen, nested within a room square within a room within a room layout within a ship within a background within a UI frame. Note too how the characters, despite being dwarfed by their surroundings, fit naturally into the insulated rooms which contain them. This tension is emblematic of the basic tension of the game, between the construction of a secure vessel for these fragile lifeforms and the intrusion of enemies and enemy fire into that space. Meanwhile, the sharp, clean edges of the indicators, rooms, and menus signify a degree of control; this clarity of presentation is often present in such strategy games, where the player is meant to feel that the world before them is as much their plaything as their responsibility.
What can not be sensed in this screenshot is the atmospheric, oscillating electronic music of FTL (brilliantly composed by Ben Prunty) with its lulls and swells, providing a further implication of expansive, unknown realms engulfing the ship, which in turn engulfs the characters. This is the experience of sentient adventure and exploration encapsulated, and this theme matches up perfectly with the threatening, unforgiving, and intimidating difficulty of the game.
Conclusion:
All of the utility and emotive qualities of FTL‘s characters, and of their world, are contained within minimal animations of deliberately symbolic art. Artists operating in this style over the past 40 years (first by necessity, and later by convention or by choice) have been accomplishing this same feat of communication by similarly minimal resources. Pixel art shares many of Cubism's priorities with respect to space, form, color, and light, although it generally does not share Cubism's emphasis on the experience of time. Perhaps, however, the presence of time is amply provided by any work of art whose experience is itself noticeably protracted through time, such as a film, game, or work of literature.
In light of all of this, I would venture a totally unfalsifiable guess that the public would not have been as readily able to accept pixel art if not for the foregoing century of artistic experimentation. And, above all, I would earnestly hope that pixel art as a movement gets the attention it deserves in the art world some time before all of its greatest or most influential practitioners are retired, or dead.
The UK should have the right not to let EU citizens stay if they “do not work, never pay taxes or are beggars or criminals”, a senior Ukip spokesperson has said.
Gerard Batten, an MEP with responsibility for Ukip's Brexit policy, suggested on Monday that the UK should have the discretion to refuse some EU citizens the right to stay and backed Theresa May's decision not to give any guarantees without reciprocal deals from other EU countries.
They explained their hardline stance while standing next to Paul Nuttall, the Ukip leader, who relaunched the party's Brexit policy with their predecessor, Nigel Farage, sitting in the audience.
There is consensus among many prominent Brexit campaigners – from former cabinet minister Michael Gove to Labour MP Gisela Stuart that EU citizens should be guaranteed the right to stay in the UK.
Pressed about EU citizens, Batten suggested the UK should have the right to decline to keep some people.
“What the British government should do is write to every one of the other 27 EU member states and say we will guarantee your citizens' rights if you guarantee our citizens' rights. So, for example, in Poland we have about 30-odd thousand people and they have about 900,000 here. So why wouldn't they do that? But I think that is the way the government needs to approach things on a country by country basis in order to protect our citizens' rights so we also protect their rights.
“But we must also have the right not to keep people who for example do not work, never pay taxes or are beggars or criminals. I think it is an idiotic immigration policy that says we will take anybody irrespective of what value they may or may not produce to our country.”
They said most UK citizens on the continent “are either doing skilled jobs or are retirees spending their pensions; we don't have an equivalence”.
“We have people who work in skilled jobs obviously from the continent and people doing low-paid jobs from the continent but we also have a lot of people who don't do any jobs. I met one of them shoplifting in my local shop on Saturday. So I think we need to look at that problem,” they added.
In the past, Batten has suggested British Muslims should sign a
“charter of understanding” and warned it was a big mistake for Europe to allow “an explosion of mosques across their land”. In their Brexit job, they advocate that the UK should leave the EU by simply repealing the 1972 European Communities Act without needing to trigger article 50.
During the speech, Nuttall set out Ukip's six key tests for the prime minister as they take the UK out of the EU, saying the party would be a home for the “purists” who want “real Brexit” with no payments to Brussels, full control over borders and parliamentary sovereignty by the end of 2019.
Afterwards, they were questioned repeatedly about whether the party was still relevant after Farage stood down last year and Douglas Carswell quit as its only MP this weekend saying Ukip had achieved its aims.
Arron Banks, a significant Ukip donor who has been close to Farage, has also withdrawn their support, saying they want some of their money back and will launch a new political movement.
As Nuttall spoke, the Ukip leader was watched from the back row of the audience by Farage, who has repeatedly insisted they have retired even though they returned as Ukip leader three times after resigning in the past.
Asked whether there was a threat to their leadership from Farage making a comeback, Nuttall said: “No, I don't think there's any threat and I'm sure he'll back me up on that. If they do backslide, I can guarantee Ukip will be there and Ukip will be the guard dogs of Brexit and there is only one way Ukip will go in the polls, which is up and up and up.”
Afterwards, Nuttall told the Guardian they had asked Farage to attend and wanted to keep them “front of house” for Ukip.
“Nigel is one of the best communicators in British politics, so why wouldn't you utilise an asset like that. It its not as if I'm paranoid. I'm really relaxed about the whole situation. I want them to be on the TV, on the airwaves because when they go out there they push on Ukip's cause,” they said.
Nuttall was reluctant to set a target for how the party will do in May's local elections, saying it would be better judged on the local election in 2018 compared with its performance in 2013.
“I'm not going to give a prediction regarding the local elections. What I will say is that in pockets where we are doing well, Ukip is strong and its vote share I predict will go up. We will be standing on a manifesto of localism,” they said.
The Ukip leader's tests for May appeared relatively too similar to their own policies. They said the party would be watching to ensure:
• Parliament must resume its supremacy of law-making with no impediments, qualifications or restrictions on its future actions agreed in any leaving deal.
• Britain must resume full control of its immigration and asylum policies and border controls.
• Leaving the EU must involve restoring to the UK full maritime sovereignty.
• The UK must retake its seat on the World Trade Organisation and resume its sovereign right to sign trade agreements with other countries.
• There must be no final settlement payment to the EU, and no ongoing payments to the EU budget after Brexit.
• Brexit must be done and dusted before the end of 2019.
Juan Martin Del Potro: There's No Doubt I Will Play Again, The Only Doubt Is When And Where
by Tom Gainey |
In a lengthy post last week on the blogging platform medium, Juan Martin del Potro outlined their plan for recovery, vowing that after three surgeries on left their wrist in the last year, they will return to tennis.
“I keep working on my recovery with dedication and determination,” del Potro wrote. “As I wrote in my previous post, it's a long process. Today I'm following this path of training and wrist rehab, a path that finishes playing competitive tennis. All the effort I'm making since I took the decision of undergoing surgery for the last time will end up in a comeback. The only question mark is the date of my return. There's no doubt I will play again, the only doubt is when and where.”
Later in the week del Potro revealed that they could be back on court as early as January or February.
Like it? Share it!
Modern vs Old-school
Despite the fact that I love all things tech, I don't know if I ever become an adopter of smartwatches. Another smart device will just make it impossible to disconnect, or miss messages and calls.
And I'm really curious about the feedback from the readers of this blog who own a smartwatch: did it become one of the staples in your gadget inventory?
In any case, the crowdfunding success of Pebble Time smartwatch is contagious: it's the top funded campaign in the history of Kickstarter with over $20 million pledged by more than 78,000 backers.
So, please meet Unique and BLOCKS, two smartwatch projects crowdfunded on Kickstarter. Both of them have at least one co-founder from Eastern Europe.
Ubirds classic smart strap: Polish startup
Unique is actually not a smartwatch in its “traditional” sense, but it's a smart leather strap packed with sensors which make any old-school watch a smart one: the customer just has to replace the old straps with Unique ones. The startup from Poland pledged $50K and in the last 30 hours of the campaign they reached the goal with more than 230 backers.
Ubirds, co-founded by Paweł Karczewski and Patryk Lamprecht from Poland, came up with the idea of a customizable smart strap to win customers preferring classic looks. It's made of good quality leather, and you can pick the size, leather and thread color. Sensors within the strap paired with a dedicated Android/iOS app will enable your regular watch with the following functionality:
activity monitoring (distance, calories, speed, steps);
notifications about calls and messages;
rejecting an inconvenient call by tapping on the strap or sending a pre-made text message of “I'm busy – call you back” type;
Unique strap will vibrate if you are about to leave your phone behind;
NFC-enabled.
Unique straps will be priced at $199. Ready to supercharge your Rolex? 🙂
BLOCKS modular smartwatch: Ukrainian-Iranian startup from London
Now let's have a look at another crowdfunded wearable – BLOCKS modular smartwatch (waterproof!). The project attracted more than $1,000,000 from more than 3,300 backers with an initial goal of $250K. And the campaign still has 29 days ahead…
It is a London-based startup co-founded two years ago by Serge Didenko from Ukraine and Alireza Tahmasebzadeh from Iran. They met while studying at the Imperial College of London while doing their PhD programs in Bioengineering.
The BLOCKS smartwatch consists of a Core, which is the watchface with basic smartwatch features, and a strap assembled from modules, each responsible for a particular feature. The idea behind BLOCKS is that the customer can assemble their smartwatch with the functions they need by swapping in-and-out modules in the strap.
The first modules to become available are:
GPS
NFC (for contactless communication and data transfer, incl. payments)
Adventure (altitude, pressure, and temperature)
Heart rate
Extra battery module (device life +20%).
And there is a whole range of planned BLOCKS modules, including SIM-card module for answering to messages and emails with voice, fingerprint module for authentication, LED module for lightening your way. The startup envisions to go even further, by offering in the future modules for Air Quality module, Camera, Stress Levels and Body temperature.
Developers want to create the whole ecosystem around BLOCKS. The startup is planning to launch the app store – BlockStore – and make their platform open to the developers' community. Serge and Alireza expect that a wide range of apps and modules for BLOCKS will become available for various applications like gaming, sports, healthcare, workplace, academic research…
The startup already has solid partnership agreements. Their smartwatch uses Qualcomm's processors and will be manufactured by the Taiwanese Compal Electronics.
The beauty of BLOCKS is that you can change modules on the go, no need to restart your watch. Going to the gym? Connect the heart rate module. No access to the plug? Add the Extra-Battery one. The standard BLOCKS set (the Core plus 4 modules) is priced at $285.
Thoughts from the Editor: Sell BLOCKS with a beautiful and functional case for the Modules, so that the unused modules are securely stored and don't get lost among other stuff in the purse or backpack.
If your wrist is too delicate while you want too many blocks on it, just turn it into a necklace 😉
Follow @GoalEurope
Bad luck from a combination of heavy rains hitting during the replacement of a large Tijuana waste water pipe caused 140 million gallons of untreated raw sewage to flow north for 17 days into the United States, and then out to the Pacific Ocean.
The spill began on February 2 during the first major rehabilitation of a major Tijuana sewage collection pipe that was first laid in 1991 as part of the 1985 Border Environmental Agreements settlement of pollution litigation between the Mexican and U.S. The pact allowed virtually unlimited expansion of Tijuana's maquiladora export processing zone.
According to the Associated Press, Imperial Beach, California's Mayor Serge Dedina said residents of their city and other coastal communities just north of the border had complained about the heavy stench for 17 days. But it was not until the raw sewage flow stopped that the joint Border Environment Cooperation Commission acknowledged the massive leak was not due to big runoff from the “Pineapple Express” monsoon storm-train.
Dedina complained on their Twitter account, “More than 143 million gallons of raw sewage were discharged into the Tijuana River, which flowed through south San Diego, into Imperial Beach, closed beaches from the border all the way to Coronado.” They added, “This is the worst spill we've had in over a decade.”
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which ended the Spanish-American War, transferred Alta California to the United States in 1848 and set the borderline according to Spanish land grants, rather than geographic markers.
As a result, about 6 miles of the Tijuana River flows north from Tijuana's Zona Urbana Rio through California's Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Reserve and drains directly into the Pacific Ocean near Imperial Beach.
The maquiladora trade agreement signed in 1965 between the United States and Mexico envisioned that someday there might be 500 Mexican manufacturing plants established along the nations' 1,954-mile-long border. But there are now 570 maquiladora plants operating in Tijuana alone that directly provide more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs and provide economic stimulus for up to 1 million more jobs.
With the swelling population putting huge stress on Tijuana's waste water treatment capability, the Mexican government spent $9 million to open the La Morita sewage treatment plant in April 2010. The move marked the first region in Mexico to treat 100 percent of its sewage.
Baja California Gov. José Guadalupe Osuna Millán told a crowd at the April 2010 inauguration ceremony, “This project puts Baja California at the vanguard of sewage treatment in Mexico.” But just two months later, a break in the City of Tijuana main sewage line caused 2.1 million gallons of raw sewage to flow north into the Tijuana River Valley on the U.S. side of the border.
Imperial Beach lifeguards are continuing to test for water pollution several times a day along the city's main beaches. They will also enforce keeping the area closed to swimming until the water purity returns to a safe level.
I can't give you a date because we don't know. We have begun mixing. That lets you know we are coming up to the final phases of the record. We have a ton of songs, so we are going to be mixing for quite a long time. We have been talking about first quarter of next year. It will be before summer, I imagine.
The new Linkin Park record is what I have been focused on; I'm extremely excited about it. We've been working with a lot of great collaborators in terms of writing. We've been doing this for a long time. This is our seventh record, and we've always kept things in house, meaning we shut the doors and don't let anybody in like Willy Wonka. Then we go, “Look! Does anyone like the candy we made?”
This time we were really curious how other artists and other writers work because we like to gather as much information and expand on our education, so to speak. We look at music the same way doctors look at medicine. There is always an evolution, always something new that you can learn, so we don't rest on what we already know how to do.
It's funny because when we started the process of making a new record, we really wanted to focus on vocals and melody first. That was something that was suggested by Rick Rubin when we first started working with Rick.
It took us about three albums and 6 years to figure out exactly how to do that. For me, I've had a lot of time to get into the emotional and lyrical content of the songs. I've been able to sit with them for a long time, listen to them, and they've become ingrained into my mind before I even went in and sang. There is something special that I feel is very different from what we have done in the past as a result of doing things this way.
Many of the vocals I did were done with a piano or a simple guitar chord progression. Then we built the track around the vocals and created all the sounds that we wanted to replace the guitars and piano.
Click to expand...
The Great Debate: Trout Vs Harper
Mitch Bannon Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 16, 2017
MLB.com
Christian La Fontaine (Harper):
Let's not waste any time. Bryce Harper is the biggest star in Major League Baseball, no exceptions. Their case is built on the “four P's:”
Power. Performance. Pedigree. Potential.
No other player in the game can generate power as effortlessly as Harper. Their .ISO from 2015, their last healthy season, was a sky-high .319. The next highest on the list was Chris Davis with .300, and Davis ran a strikeout rate 10% higher than Harper did. Mike Trout came in third that season all the way down at .290. Trout is a very good player, no doubt about it, but they can't compete with Harper when it comes to power.
Staying in 2015 we saw Harper finally hit their stride. Producing a 197 wRC+, the highest since Barry Bonds, and leading the league in fWAR. They produced on the basepaths, in the field, and at the plate, knocking Trout off the top spot for the first, and only time since 2012.
The last two “P's” go hand in hand. Harper was the first overall pick in the 2010 entry draft, Trout went 25th in 2009. Trout has already greatly exceeded expectations, he's a great player and it's been a great run, but he's clearly peaked. Harper on the other hand still has room to grow into the expectations that the entirety of the scouting world had for him. If they can stay healthy, the future of the league belongs to him. Twelve, thirteen WAR seasons could be in store, as Kevin Garnett said, “Anything is possible”.
Trout makes a diving catch on a Harper blooper
Mitch Bannon, (Trout):
Don't get me wrong, Bryce Harper is a very good baseball player. But the best? No.
Mike Trout is the undisputed, unchallenged, and all but unanimous best player in baseball, and will be for the foreseeable future. Unlike Harper, Trout's case is built on years of unparalleled performance which leaves, in the minds of the rational, no question of their standing among the league's elite. Bryce Harper may have made the debate close in 2015, but after this past season it has been made clear, Mike is Tier 1. Everyone else follows.
In almost every statistical category, Mike Trout is the superior baseball player. In 2015, easily Harper's best season, they only managed to be marginally better than Trout. When Harper came crashing back to earth this past season, Trout regained their commanding lead in the “best player in the league” debate. In contrast to Harper, Trout's hitting stats are only a fraction of what makes them such an incredible player. As well as being one of the best sluggers of their generation, Trout is an elite baserunner and defender, qualities Harper cannot boast. This has led to a noticeable difference in career WAR, with Harper averaging a lowly 4.26 WAR over the past five seasons. Trout more than doubles that number, at an astounding 9.6.
Harper has been a very volatile player, while Trout has been the pinnacle of consistency. For Harper to even get their foot back in the door of this conversation, they will have to put up their 2015 numbers for the next couple seasons. Until then, Trout's still on top.
La Fontaine:
First of all, 2016 cannot be characterized as Harper “crashing back to earth”. Per multiple experts, they were playing hurt, it isn't legitimate to hold that season against him.
Secondly your point about Trout being the superior defender. It's true that King Fish patrols the center while Harper plays in the corner, but that's because of their team's choice, not because Harper can't play in center. In fact, by the metric Defensive Runs Saved, Harper has racked up 24 DRS in just 5,572 innings over their career. Trout on the other hand, in over a thousand more innings, has only managed to save their team seven runs. Trout may look like the better defender, but the metrics very clearly prefer Harper.
Finally, let's remember that baseball is a form of entertainment. Harper is a true superstar, fun, dynamic, competitive, and they possess a head of awesome hair. Trout is possibly the most boring man to ever live. So if the question is “which player is better for the league?”, the correct answer would be “That's a clown question bro.”
I can't dispute that Trout has had the better career to this point, but that isn't what this debate is about. The question we are attempting to answer is who is the better baseball player, and in the field or at the plate the answer is unquestionably Harper.
Trout/Harper Slugging % Comparison (FanGraphs)
Bannon:
If Baseball was simply a test of individual tools, not only would Trout be the best player currently in baseball, but the best of all time. The edge that Trout has over Harper comes down to the simple fact that there are almost no aspects of Bryce Harper's game which are superior to Trout's, except for perhaps their ability to entice stranglings. Even Harper's greatest asset, their power, has yet to produce more than a single home run greater than Trout's highest total.
If 2015 Bryce Harper is truly their legitimate form, then this debate has gravity, but the point remains that at Harper's best, they are still a close second to Trout. Trout has shown time and time again the ability to adapt, leading the league in a different major statistical category every year of their career.
Harper must come out swinging in 2017 if they are to truly challenge the Angel of the AL. Not if, but when, Harper fails to reach their pinnacle set in 2015, a certain Dodger southpaw may have a better case to top Trout than Harper ever will. Trout's team may be bad, their personality may be bland, but their performance does not waiver.  They are the best right now, and maybe the best of all time, and their throne remains unchallenged.
Being infected with a parasite is usually not good news. These critters live in or on another. And they can sicken or even kill their hosts. When an animal has to deal with both a parasite and pollution, these stressors can add up. But that isn't true for Artemia brine shrimp, a new study finds. Infection with parasitic worms actually boosts the ability of these animals to survive in water laced with toxic arsenic.
Marta Sánchez works for the Spanish National Research Council in Seville. As an ecologist, they are interested in how living things relate to one another and to their environment. They study the role of parasites. Them team was curious about brine shrimp because they are key players in their ecosystem. (That term refers to the collection of plants, animals and other things that live nearby.) Brine shrimp are crustaceans (Krus-TAY-shuns). They are eaten by many waterbirds, including flamingos. And those brine shrimp can ferry pollutants and parasites into the birds.
When brine shrimp are infected by parasites called tapeworms, they turn red. This makes them easy for birds to see. It also makes it easy for scientists to pick out the brine shrimp infected with worms..
And that's what Sánchez and their colleagues did.
They collected brine shrimp from the area where the Odiel and Tinto rivers in southwest Spain join before running into the Atlantic Ocean. Mining activities have tainted these waters with arsenic and toxic heavy metals. All of these elements are considered pollutants.
In the lab, the researchers separated brine shrimp into two groups. Some were infected with tapeworms; others were not. Then the scientists ran tests to see how well the tiny animals survived in polluted water.
As the level of arsenic in the water increased, so did the number of brine shrimp that died. But brine shrimp that were infected with worms survived better than uninfected ones did.
The researchers then ran their tests again. They were curious about how climate change might affect the brine shrimp's survival in polluted water. So this time they used warmer water. Again, worm infection seemed to protect the brine shrimp from the effects of arsenic.
The scientists reported their results March 3 in PLOS Pathogens.
It may seem strange that parasites would protect an animal's health. But causing its host to die quickly is not good for a parasite. It needs its host to stay alive long enough for the stowaway to reproduce and then move on to a new host. If that first host dies too quickly, so will the parasite. So helping brine shrimp survive polluted waters may be in the worms' best interest.
The worms may be helping to changing how their hosts deal with pollution and the stress it can cause. When the researchers compared infected and uninfected brine shrimp, they found differences. Infected brine shrimp had more droplets of lipids — fats — in their tissues. The lipid droplets may help the brine shrimp sock arsenic away so that it can't harm them.
Infected brine shrimp also produced more antioxidants. These are chemicals that protect an organism from the damaging effects of stress on cells. Stressors can include things like exposure to poisons. In the brine shrimp, “Infected individuals were better than uninfected individuals at coping under polluted conditions,” Sánchez reports.
Their team cannot say whether the beneficial link between tapeworms and brine shrimp is special to this spot in Spain. “What we can say,” Sánchez notes, is that the reddening of organisms infected with tapeworms has been seen at sites in other countries. For that reason, they suspect brine shrimp in other places would show similar effects.
Power Words
(for more about Power Words, click here)
antioxidant Any of many chemicals that can shut down oxidation — a biologically damaging reaction. They do this by donating an electron to a free radical (a reactive molecular fragment) without becoming unstable. Many plant-based foods are good sources of natural antioxidants, including vitamins C and E.
arsenic A highly poisonous metallic element. It occurs in three chemically different forms, which also vary by color (yellow, black and gray). The brittle, crystalline (gray) form is the most common. Some manufacturers tap its toxicity by adding it to insecticides.
brine shrimp Water-dwelling crustraceans in the genus Artemia. Some breeds of brine shrimp are sold as novelty items known as “sea monkeys.”
cell The smallest structural and functional unit of an organism. Typically too small to see with the naked eye, it consists of watery fluid surrounded by a membrane or wall. Animals are made of anywhere from thousands to trillions of cells, depending on their size.
climate change Long-term, significant change in the climate of Earth. It can happen naturally or in response to human activities, including the burning of fossil fuels and clearing of forests.
crustaceans Hard-shelled water-dwelling animals including lobsters, crabs and shrimp.
ecology A branch of biology that deals with the relations of organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings. A scientist who works in this field is called an ecologist.
ecosystem A group of interacting living organisms — including microorganisms, plants and animals — and their physical environment within a particular climate. Examples include tropical reefs, rainforests, alpine meadows and polar tundra.
element (in chemistry) Each of more than one hundred substances for which the smallest unit of each is a single atom. Examples include hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, lithium and uranium.
environment The sum of all of the things that exist around some organism or the process and the condition those things create for that organism or process. Environment may refer to the weather and ecosystem in which some animal lives, or, perhaps, the temperature, humidity and placement of components in some electronics system or product.
host (in biology and medicine) The organism in which another lives. Humans may be a temporary host for food-poisoning germs or other infective agents.
infection A disease that can spread from one organism to another.
lipid A type of fat.
molecule An electrically neutral group of atoms that represents the smallest possible amount of a chemical compound. Molecules can be made of single types of atoms or of different types. For example, the oxygen in the air is made of two oxygen atoms (O 2 ), but water is made of two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom (H 2 O).
parasite An organism that gets benefits from another species, called a host, but doesn't provide it any benefits. Classic examples of parasites include ticks, fleas and tapeworms.
pathogen An organism that causes disease.
pigment A material, like the natural colorings in skin, that alter the light reflected off of an object or transmitted through it. The overall color of a pigment typically depends on which wavelengths of visible light it absorbs and which ones it reflects. For example, a red pigment tends to reflect red wavelengths of light very well and typically absorbs other colors. Pigment also is the term for chemicals that manufacturers use to tint paint.
pollutant A substance that taints something — such as the air, water, our bodies or products. Some pollutants are chemicals, such as pesticides. Others may be radiation, including excess heat or light. Even weeds and other invasive species can be considered a type of biological pollution.
stress (in biology) A factor, such as unusual temperatures, moisture or pollution, that affects the health of a species or ecosystem. (in psychology) A mental, physical, emotional, or behavioral reaction to an event or circumstance, or stressor, that disturbs a person or animal's usual state of being or places increased demands on a person or animal; psychological stress can be either positive or negative.
tapeworm A type of parasitic worm that infects people and other vertebrate animals. These host animals can become infected if they drink water or eat food that contains tapeworm eggs or larvae. Ingesting tapeworm eggs can lead to infection in body tissues and organs. This can cause serious illness. Adult tapeworms, which develop after an organism injects tapeworm larvae (not eggs), live in the intestines of their hosts. They have long, ribbonlike bodies. Intestinal tapeworm infections can last for many years, usually causing only mild symptoms.
tissue Any of the distinct types of material, comprised of cells, which make up animals, plants or fungi. Cells within a tissue work as a unit to perform a particular function in living organisms. Different organs of the human body, for instance, often are made from many different types of tissues. And brain tissue will be very different from bone or heart tissue.
toxic Poisonous or able to harm or kill cells, tissues or whole organisms. The measure of risk posed by such a poison is its toxicity.
waterbird A bird that lives in or near water.
FRINGE Waratah Ben Volavola is set to leave Australian rugby and step into the biggest shoes in world rugby: the Crusaders want them to replace Dan Carter.
The Daily Telegraph understands Volavola is the final stages of negotiation to join the powerhouse New Zealand club next season after the Crusaders looked to Australia for a left-field option to wear the soon-to-be vacated no. 10 jersey of a France-bound Carter.
The news emerged, however, as the Waratahs balanced the ledger by pinching Kiwi prop Angus Ta'avao to replace Sekope Kepu. NSW announced they'd signed the 125kg Blues tight-head, who is eligible for the Wallabies via their Aussie mum, for the next two years.
Volavola's shock switch to the Crusaders will come after the versatile Waratah back recently elected to switch their eligibility from Australia to the country of their birth, Fiji.
The 25-year-old's Super Rugby career had stalled in the past two years after bursting onto the scene in 2013 as a goalkicking no. 15 or no. 10.
They played eight games for the Waratahs in their first season but Volavola has been ignored by Michael Cheika since, and not played a minute in the past two seasons despite being a full-time squad member.
They were unlikely to be re-signed by NSW for next season and it was assumed Volavola was headed for Europe under a Fijian passport, but the seven-time champion Crusaders have a different perspective on their potential.
media_camera Crusaders and All Blacks great Dan Carter.
They see enough in Volavola to not only continue their Super Rugby career, but hand them the steering wheel to the Crusaders' machine; a job held by Carter for over a decade.
Australians in Kiwi Super Rugby sides are rare, but Volavola is set to link up at the Crusaders with another Fijian-Aussie former NSW player who got away, Nemani Nadolo. Nadolo yesterday appeared to confirm Volavola's move on Twitter, when a follower asked about Volavola “joining you in the red and black next year”.
“Vacava that brus,” Nadolo replied, along a winking emoticon. Vacava translates from Fijian roughly as “hopefully”.
The Crusaders are scrambling to fill the impending void left by the departures of Carter and a handful of star playmakers, who are all heading to Europe next year.
Carter is joining Racing Metro on a record $2.8 million per year contract, and Colin Slade and Tom Taylor also moving to France. Tyler Bleyendal left the Kiwi side last year to join Munster.
Meanwhile, the Tahs have done exactly the same thing — looked across the Tasman — to shore up their area of concern, tight-head prop.
Ta'avao, 25, is well credentialed, having played 48 Super Rugby caps for the Auckland Super Rugby side over three seasons and as a former captain of the New Zealand under 20s side.
Waratahs coach Daryl Gibson said today in a Waratahs press release: “We are delighted to secure the services of a quality player like Angus, who is highly-regarded by our players as a very capable tight-head and a determined competitor.”
Waratahs Rugby CEO Greg Harris added: “Our interest in them really developed following a meeting which they had with Daryl Gibson earlier this year. Daryl was as impressed with the quality of the character of the man as much as their rugby ability.  They are a great fit for the Waratah culture and their recruitment has already attracted interest from the ARU,” Harris said.
In 2014, Ta'avao was part of the Sir John Kirwan coached Barbarian side that took on the Wallabies at Twickenham.
Australia could be poised to make a significant addition to their coaching staff, with reports former Test paceman Jason Gillespie is close to landing the job as the full-time bowling coach.
Cricket Australia has yet to make a formal announcement on a replacement for Craig McDermott after their departure following the ICC World T20, however Western Australia bowling coach Adam Griffith and South Africa legend Allan Donald will fill the role during the tours of the Caribbean and Sri Lanka respectively.
“We're speaking with a number of candidates but by no means is anything confirmed,” a Cricket Australia spokesperson said on Tuesday night.
“We'll look to make an announcement as soon as the process is complete, with the aim to have the coaching team finalised, at latest, by the start of the 2016-17 Australian summer.”
WATCH: Travis Head capped by Gillespie
Bupa Support Team Head Coach Darren Lehmann last month hinted that Gillespie would be high on the list of candidates, but the current Yorkshire coach later denied they had spoken with anyone in Australian cricket regarding the role.
"We'll have a look worldwide," Lehmann told FIVEaa radio in April.
"But it's a tough one, we've got to get the right person for the right time for this group, which is a young group.
"Gillespie will certainly be at forefront with other bowling coaches. Hopefully we can entice them back."
Former Australian quicks Ryan Harris and Andy Bichel are also among the names considered potential candidates for the job, alongside highly-rated international mentors in Donald and New Zealand's Shane Bond.
WATCH: The best of White Lightning
According to the Fairfax media report, discussions with Gillespie reached an ‘advanced level' as they contemplate a move back home with their family.
"There is still a lot to do at Yorkshire and I solely want to concentrate on helping this team win cricket matches,” Gillespie told Yorkshire's official website in the days after Lehmann's comments were widely reported.
"You don't rule out opportunities in the future. It's whether you feel like you can make a difference in any job that comes available.
"It's well documented that I've got four kids under the age of 10.
"My eldest daughter, she's 21, has just had a little girl. So family is important, and it should be an important consideration. Any job that comes up, certainly, I've always said family comes first.
"If any opportunities come up in the future, that would be certainly be a consideration."
WATCH: Inside the Strikers dressing room
Gillespie is currently in their fifth season at the helm of Yorkshire, while they also took on the head coaching role at the Adelaide Strikers starting last summer.
Google yesterday updated the iOS version of Google Chrome with two new features for the iPhone and iPad web browsing app. On iOS devices that support 3D Touch, users can now 3D Touch on Google Chrome to bring up a quick access menu that now includes "Scan QR Code," directly integrating a feature that traditionally requires users to download a random third-party app to be able to scan codes.In addition to the new Scan QR Code option, from the 3D Touch menu users can initiate a Voice Search, start a New Incognito Tab, open a regular New Tab, or open the most recent copied link. Users can also use Spotlight on iOS to search for "QR Code" and Chrome's "Scan QR Code" function will appear in the results list.Additionally, the update has redesigned the tab switcher on the iPad version of Google Chrome, which the company says makes "it is easier to access your open sites" within the app. Google Chrome is available to download for free on the App Store. [ Direct Link
Instead of using email just for password resets, why not use it to make passwords obsolete?
One of the hard decisions I had to make early on with Shopi was how I was going to manage logging in. It's a problem any app developer with a back end service is going to have: how do my customers prove who they are?
The traditional choose-a-username-and-password dance is rapidly becoming untenable. People have so many online accounts that it's just not reasonable to ask them to remember yet another combination just for you, especially if you're just a tiny part of their lives like Shopi is for most users. If you do ask them to do it, my bet is that one of following outcomes will cover 95% of use cases. Your customer will:
Eventually forget their password, and get angry at you. Or abandon the app.
Re-use a password they use everywhere else. Now you have to guard a trove of keys into other people's lives.
Not bother signing up in the first place.
None of these are good.
There's also the issue of abuse: what's to stop some random lulz-seeking wit from writing a script to create 20,000 accounts?
The Social Network
Many apps are now offering the option to log in via Facebook, Google, Twitter, etc. While this can be easier initially — especially when the user is already logged in and can just click an ‘authorise this app' button — it outsources your customer's identity, a core part of your business, to a third party.
And while it's possible that people still retain some vestige of faith in these companies' promises to protect their privacy, that doesn't carry across to your app, which, for all your customer knows, might go ahead and post special, not-to-be-missed offers on their timeline.
The people at Mailchimp wrote an article citing several additional downsides of social logins from when they ran the experiment.1
Passwordless Login
The idea is simple: rather than asking for a username and password from your customers, you ask for an email address and send them random, single-use, time-limited password instead. (Even better, send a link with the password embedded.) When the user logs in, the server then sends back a permanent, super-secure, randomly-generated password which is stored for future logins.
The thinking goes: you need to handle the case where the user has forgotten their password in any case, and this is usually handled by emailing a password reset link. Why not extend that to cover all logins?
I first heard about the idea of passwordless login in a post by Ben Brown (although I expect it's an older idea than that). Marco Arment later expressed their support for the idea, reiterating it on the ATP podcast. Since then several other people have written about it.2
Here are a few pro's and con's of the approach in no particular order:
BAD: There's a password in the user's inbox. But it's only valid for a limited time, usually just a few minutes until it's used for initial login.
BAD: You have to store the user's password in cleartext on the server. (Otherwise you couldn't send it to them) But the reason you're supposed to hash your passwords is that people tend to reuse them across services: if you get hacked you don't want to make the situation worse by exposing your customers to further hackage.3 But the passwords we're talking about are randomly generated by your server and are of no value anywhere else.
BAD: People need to access their email to log in. This is moderated by the fact that, for an iPhone app at least, they're very likely to have it already set up for email. We can also make the password relatively short and memorable so that they can easily type it in manually if the login link doesn't work from their mail client.
BAD: It's a bit weird. I have yet to come across another app or web site that does it this way.4
POSSIBLY GOOD: One of the problems identified by Mailchimp is that users who logged in via a social account often forget which social account when they later need to sign in again. Most people probably have less email addresses to choose from, often only one. Also, the email address they used to log in can be found by searching for the login email later. (Well maybe, if they're not one of the many people who inexplicably delete email as soon as they've read it).
Putting My Money Where My Mouth Is
So, admittedly with some trepidation, I decided on a passwordless login system for Shopi. The decision was strongly influenced by it being an iPhone app, which meant that (a) I assumed a high probability of the user having email access on the device, and (b) I could use a custom URI scheme to encode a login link that would flip back to the app and login with a single tap.
So how'd it work out? So far, really well. I've seen very few people take the ‘use offline' route, almost no abandoned attempts at creating accounts, and had zero feedback complaining that it's weird or confusing.
The only real problem was of my own making. Lots of people (probably around 25%) were entering a password they made up — and of course getting knocked back repeatedly — rather than waiting for the email. Why?
Looking again at the signup process, I realised I had put “Enter Password” as the place-holder text in the password field and made it focused, popping up the keyboard — I was practically yelling at the user to ENTER A PASSWORD, NOW! Not my best design work.
So I changed the password field place-holder to “Password From Email” and left it un-focused. And I haven't seen a single frustrated customer repeatedly trying to login using “margie123” since.
Conclusion
Passwordless login can work well for an iPhone app, and it has a number of clear advantages over the traditional route. I also think the same lesson would apply for any smartphone platform.
EDMONTON - The love of fringe has reached fever pitch. Having dominated many high fashion collections over the past few seasons as well as style coverage of summer music festivals, fringe detailing is a trend worth considering.
“Fringe has never gone out of style. It's been worn by flappers, Dolly Parton to Janis Joplin to Elvis and bikers,” says Andrea Yacyshyn, local musician, and a belly dancer known as Anya. “It's timeless and classic. However, the last two to three years has seen a huge resurgence as people tap into their mystical side and revisit the wild and earth-centric ways of the '70s.”
Handbag designer Heather Murray agrees. “In my opinion, fringe began gaining mainstream popularity in the last two years,” says the creative force behind Hoxen Leathers, a locally made handbag line being sold at Studio Bloom. “As music festivals increased in popularity (let's talk Coachella) so did fringe! The two come hand in hand.”
Murray finds inspiration for their designs from the topography of Alberta; they embrace the unique colorations and designs that come from imperfections and leather patinas in the natural materials they use.
WHY FRINGE?
The movement alone adds an element of interest to any outfit.
“Fringe is mesmerizing in that it responds to your every movement and continues that movement even after you've stopped — it lingers,” says Yacyshyn. “It harkens to a former time and creates an incredible sense of nostalgia too.”
It's a playful accent to liven up the everyday ordinary.
“Fringe is fun,” says Murray. “You can't tell me when you spin around wearing something fringed that it doesn't bring a big smile to your face.”
A LOOK FOR EVERYONE
From kimonos with delicate fringed edges to handbags with tasselled detailing, the available options make this an easy trend to incorporate into any wardrobe.
“Fringe is for anyone. It makes you stand out, it offers a little mystique, and it can make the wearer feel incredibly powerful or sexy,” says Yacyshyn.
THE RULES
Less is usually more when it comes to incorporating fringe into an outfit; this is one trend where practising restraint is encouraged.
“Too much fringe and you might end up looking like a lampshade,” says Yacyshyn. “Lighter, thinner tassels that don't have weight to them or a lot of heavier shag can look messy. I prefer my fringe to have a cleaner line and tend to follow the less-is-more principle, always.”
Colours and tones are also factors to take into consideration.
“My biggest rule of fringe is to stick to neutrals — black, browns, whites, nudes,” says Murray. “Fringe in a classic colour becomes more of a staple piece than a trendy piece.”
HOW TO WEAR IT
“I wouldn't wear 100 types of fringe at a time, but you can pair fringe together,” says Murray. “I will wear a fringe chain necklace with a fringe tote. Pick a statement fringe and work down from there.”
“When it comes to what we know as fashion, the best way to wear something is to simply put on what makes you feel magic,” says Yacyshyn. “If you dress for yourself, you're doing it right.”
Not convinced? Start small.
AP Photo Fourth Estate Stop Being Trump's Twitter Fool
Jack Shafer is Politico's senior media writer.
By this time you'd expect that people would have figured out when Donald Trump is yanking their chain and pay them the same mind they do phone calls tagged “Out of Area” by caller ID. But, no. Like Pavlov's dog, too many of us leap to object or correct the president-elect whenever they compose a deliberately provocative tweet, as they did this morning, commenting on the somber and vaguely lecturing treatment vice president-elect Mike Pence earned from the cast last night at a performance of Hamilton. In at 8:56 a.m. tweet, they wrote:
“The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!”
Story Continued Below
Mass salivation flowed on Twitter in immediate response. The New Yorker's Ryan Lizza rushed to the barricades to write, “Unhinged and bizarre response. They sound like those whiny college kids demanding ‘safe spaces.'” Roger Ailes biographer Gabriel Sherman had Lizza's flank, tweeting, “Trump's Hamilton tweet is a terrifying glimpse of how they could attempt to suppress free speech. It should be openly condemned, esp by GOP.” Talking Points Memo editor/publisher Josh Marshall harumphed their rejoinder, “Let Americans be Americans; let the president whine like a baby; everyone is vigilant for when they do more than whines.” And so on from hundreds, maybe thousands, of outraged citizens.
Meanwhile, in the villainous golden lair they maintain in Trump Tower, Baby Donald laughed their best Dr. Evil laugh. Got ‘em again, they thought. Yesterday's settlement of the Trump University lawsuit is the real news, but my Twitter incitement will dominate all else for at least 12 hours as people tweet, “How could he?”, “Oh, now he's for safe spaces?” and “Don't tell artists what to say or do!”
Haven't any of these people raised children? Don't they know about bait and switch? Have none of them been paying attention to Trump's Twitter strategy for the past 17 months? For anybody who has read a half-dozen of Trump's tweets, the pattern is obvious. They compile these tweets precisely in order to elicit strident protest. It doesn't matter to Trump that the cast of Hamilton was polite and respectful to Pence. It doesn't matter that being rude to officeholders is an inalienable right—hell, a responsibility!—of all Americans. To Trump's followers the content of any one of their rebukes matters less than whom it's directed at—New York liberals and their fellow travelers in this instance. They could have tweeted something equally belligerent about the “unfair” treatment their daughter Ivanka is receiving in the press for having attended their meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and they would have earned the same satisfying comeback from their foes.
This Trump tweet was especially delicious for invoking a liberal shibboleth—the need for “safe places”—as a dig at their opposition. They put them in the position of having to attack safe spaces as crazed coddling! The safe spaces concept is a modern example of crazed coddling, of course, and Trump doesn't really believe in them. But he's willing to engage in this sort of psy-ops as long as it sends the opposition chasing a red herring.
What then should we do when Trump taunts with such tweets? First, think before you tweet. Know that Trump wants you to tweet back at them the first thing that comes to your offended brain. Pause for just a minute, and if you must comment, try something like, “Sorry, Baby Donald, I'm not taking the bait.”
*******
Shame on all you suckerfish. Send handmade lures via email to Shafer.Politico@gmail.com. My email alerts is a flounder, my Twitter feed a porgy, and my RSS feed loves to get scrod.
Pop-up bars push for Adelaide's inner suburbs
Updated
Pop-up bars have been successful in reinvigorating Adelaide's CBD alleyways and are now the toast of inner city councils.
The small-venue, capped-patron capacity bars have peaked the interest of an eastern suburbs council and southern trading organisation, with hopes the CBD-only legislation will soon be changed to broaden operational areas.
New high-density residential developments have opened several opportunities for the pop-up style bars, Norwood, Payneham and St Peter's Council Mayor Robert Bria told 891 ABC Adelaide's drive program.
“The new planning rules that came into effect in Kent Town in November last year which provide for multi-storey residential developments in those areas, I think, provides an opportunity to activate some spaces,” Mr Bria said.
With limited hours of operation and patron capacity capped at 120, Mr Bria said the pop-up bars were a perfect fit for low-traffic, high-residential areas.
They are a trend that many local business organisations have been eyeing off since the CBD-only introduction.
The pop-up bars in Adelaide's CBD have attracted a different style of pseudo-boutique patrons to the more traditional bars and nightclubs.
John Karran, chairperson of the King William Road Traders Association, said southern inner suburbs areas were also keen to introduce the pop-up bars.
“It looks really exciting, some of the things you can achieve, but unfortunately at the moment we are just limited by the change of legislation to what the city has got for the suburbs,” Mr Karran said.
The King William Road Traders Association unsuccessfully applied for a pop-up licence in October last year but Mr Karran was hopeful legislation would soon change to allow the bars to be introduced outside of the CBD.
The small bar legislation was introduced to the South Australian Parliament November 28, 2012 as a way to encourage patrons back into lesser used laneways and areas of the city.
The Liquor Licensing amendment was passed in February 2013 and became active April 26, 2013.
Topics: alcohol, adelaide-5000
First posted
: Menschen- und Tiergestalten in der Architektur , Band 1 Günther Feuerstein Grafisches Zentrum HTU , 2002 - 187 Seiten 0 Rezensionen Text in English and German. Mankind needs to relate to inanimate matter as well. Manking 'animates' stones, mountains, rivers, yes even the world and the cosmos so that it can communicate with them. There is quite clearly a need to initiate individual contact also with architecture, with our surroundings. This is easier if we can also recognise certain characteristics of our own bodies in the constructed bodies of the built environment. We can go well beyond the common phenomenon of corporeality to find countless analogies between buildings and human beings, thus demonstrating a first step towards an anthropomorphy of architecture. These statements become clearer if a column is interpreted as an anthropomorphic element. If certain features in facades are reminiscent of a pair of eyes, then architectural physiognomy helps us to a dialogue: the building is looking at us, in the direct sense of the word. In the world of Christian symbolism the church -- spatially and theologically -- is constantly compared with the body of Christ, and thus becomes an image of a man-god. The church is the 'mysterious body of Christ', and all parts of the building become metaphors of Christ and their congregation.The 'organic' architecture of the 20th century in its three-dimensional and sculptural manifestations constantly addresses the corporeality of biological creatures. In very recent times we are surprised how often the metaphor of man and architecture occurs: in the work of Ricardo Porro, Imre Makovecz, Santiago Calatrava, Reima Pietila and others. Zoomorphic architecture is a variant of anthropomorphic architecture. Elephants, birds, fishes, insects do not just appear in many current works of modern architecture like those of Frank O Gehry and Coop Himmelblau, they are also absurd manifestations of trivial architecture that has also to be considered in its everyday quality. If we are talking about 'expanded' architecture, then cities, the world and even the cosmos have to be included. Mankind is still moved by the transfer from man as microcosm to the universe as macrocosm.
A golden retriever in Yamhill County found $85,000 worth of black tar heroin when they were digging in their backyard. Photo courtesy Yamhill County Sheriff's Office.
YAMHILL COUNTY, Ore. – A golden retriever's owners thought their dog found a time capsule in their backyard when they started digging one day. Instead, they discovered approximately $85,000 worth of black tar heroin, the Yamhill County Sheriff's Office said.
“Kenyon” the dog was 18 months old when they started unburying something in their family's yard in early August.
When their owners found a package underground, they told authorities they thought it was a time capsule and they filmed themselves opening it.
Soon after opening the packaged, they realized it was not a time capsule, but instead some type of drug.
The Yamhill County Sheriff's Officer responded and identified the substance as over 15 ounces of black tar heroin, a form of heroin that is sticky like tar or hard like coal. Sheriff Tim Svenson praised Kenyon for their backyard discovery.
Svenson presented them with an official Yamhill County K9 citation ribbon and named them and honorary narcotics K9 for life.
© John Cheng
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 18, 2014 — Five U.S. senior titles were determined today at the 2014 USA Gymnastics Championships at the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, Ky., where competition continues on Saturday with the finals in junior and senior trampoline, rhythmic gymnastics and acrobatic gymnastics. The senior champions decided today are: rhythmic gymnastics – Jazzy Kerber of Highland Park, Ill./North Shore Rhythmic Gymnastics Center, clubs, and Ronit Shamuilov of Brooklyn, N.Y./Isadora, ribbon; and acrobatic gymnastics – Eirian Smith and Brian Kincher, both of Livermore, Calif./West Coast Training Center (mixed pair, balance), Ciera Wilson of Riverside, Calif., and Kailey Maurer of Colton, Calif., Empire (women's pair, balance), and Hannah Silverman of Clarksville, Md., Christina Antoniades of Eldersburg, Md., and Emily Ruppert of Baltimore, Md., Emilia's Acro Gymnastics Club (women's group, dynamic).
Tomorrow's senior finals at 6 p.m. at the KFC Yum! Center include rhythmic gymnastics all-around; acrobatic gymnastics combined routines in women's group, mixed pair and women's pair; and men's and women's individual trampoline. The finals for elite tumbling and double mini-trampoline begin at 9 a.m. at the Kentucky International Convention Center.
Earlier today, the U.S. men's and women's junior synchronized trampoline champions were named: Armand Reichelt and Caleb Fritz, both of Scottsdale, Ariz./Scottsdale Gymnastics & Trampoline (men), and Ginger Hansen of Holmdel, N.J., and Courtney Walsh of Red Bank, N.J., both of Elite Trampoline Academy (women).
Acrobatic gymnastics
For the mixed pair balance routines, Smith and Kincher won with a 28.830, finishing just ahead of Kiley Boynton and Ryan Ward, both of Riverside, Calif./Realis Gymnastics Academy, who earned a 28.213. In women's group, Silverman, Antoniades and Ruppert posted a 27.100 to clinch the title. Xtreme Acro's Daphne Kirschner of Rockville, Md., Mackenzie Meyer of Silver Spring, Md., and Savannah Bentley of Annapolis, Md., were second with 26.080, followed by Lily Bowler, DeShay Eisenmenger and Natasha Villarreal, all of Boerne, Texas/Boerne Gymnastics Center, at 24.153. Wilson and Maurer's women's pair score was 26.573.
Rhythmic gymnastics
For clubs, Kerber easily won the title with their 16.050. Serena Lu of Staten Island, N.Y./Isadora, and Gabrielle Lowenstein of Huntington Beach, Calif./Eurogymnastics, tied for second with 15.700. Shamuilov brought home the ribbon gold with a 15.800, which put them ahead of Rebecca Sereda of Staten Island, N.Y./Isadora, at 15.550 and Kerber's 15.350.
Heading into the all-around finals, Sereda is atop the rankings at 63.700, followed by Kerber at 62.400 and Shamuilov at 61.950.
Trampoline
The preliminary rounds for trampoline, tumbling, and double mini-trampoline determined the eight men and eight women for each event who will compete in tomorrow's finals. The athletes with the top qualifying scores are: trampoline – Neil Gulati of Irvine, Calif./World Elite Gymnastics, and Charlotte Drury of Laguna Niguel, Calif./World Elite Gymnastics; tumbling – Alexander Renkert of Indianapolis, Ind./Geist Sports Academy, and Yuliya Stankevich-Brown, Idaho Falls, Idaho/Idaho Elite Gymnastics; and double-mini – Noah Orr of Phoenix, Ariz./Air Sports, and Erin Jauch of Crystal Lake, Ill./Fox Valley T & T.
The senior elite finals for acrobatic gymnastics, rhythmic gymnastics and trampoline are at 6 p.m. July 19 at the KFC Yum! Center. The junior elite finals for those three events are also at the KFC Yum! Center and begin at 9 a.m. The Junior Olympic sessions for all three disciplines are being held at the Kentucky International Convention Center, and the sessions begin at 9 a.m.
For results, a more detailed schedule, other information and a live webcast of the elite sessions at the KFC Yum! Center, please go to USAGymChamps.com.
Evening session tickets at the KFC Yum! Center are: July 17, $20; July 18, $20; and July 19, $25. The all-session pass, which grants access to all sessions at both venues, is $75. A $25, single-day pass is available for the events at the Kentucky International Convention Center onsite on competition days. Tickets may be purchased at the KFC Yum! Center or Kentucky International Convention Center box offices, ticketmaster.com, all Ticketmaster outlets, or by phone at 1-800-745-3000.
Acrobatic gymnastics combines the beauty of dance with the strength and agility of acrobatics. Routines are choreographed to music and consist of dance, tumbling, and partner skills. At the elite level, each pair or group performs a balance, dynamic and combined routine. Pyramids and partner holds characterize the balance routine, while synchronized tumbling and intricate flight elements define the dynamic exercise. An acrobatic gymnastics pair consists of a base and a top. A women's group is comprised of three athletes - a base, middle and top partner – while a men's group has four athletes, a base, two middle partners and one top partner.
Rhythmic gymnastics is characterized by grace, beauty and elegance combined with dance and acrobatic elements, while working with ribbons, balls, hoops, ropes and clubs in a choreographed routine to music. The choreography must cover the entire floor and contain a balance of jumps, leaps, pivots and balances. Only four of the apparatus are competed each quad, and the four for 2016 are hoop, ball, clubs and ribbon. Each movement involves a high degree of athletic skill. Physical abilities needed by a rhythmic gymnast include strength, power, flexibility, agility, dexterity, endurance and hand-eye coordination.
Trampoline events involve athletes using trampolines that can propel them up to 30 feet in the air, during which they can perform double and triple twisting somersaults. Tumbling utilizes elevated rod-floor runways that enable athletes to jump at heights more than 10 feet and execute a variety of acrobatic maneuvers. For the double-mini competition, the athlete makes a short run, leaps onto a small two-level trampoline, performs an aerial maneuver and dismounts onto a landing mat. Trampoline was added to the Olympic Games in 2000, and at the 2012 Olympic Games in London, the USA had its first athlete in history advance to the finals.
This weekend the world celebrated World Water Day – a reminder of how crucial it is for us to protect and defend our waterways and ensure we can all have access to clean, safe water – a human right, recognised by the United Nations.
However, over the past few weeks here in Mexico we have had little reason to celebrate as the country faces one of the biggest threats to its waterways for years – the Ley General de Aguas. This new piece of legislation, introduced to the house of representatives on the 4th of March, is a far cry from its original goal: to ensure fair access to safe, clean water for all.
This is a law that puts profits before people.
Legalising pollution
The Detox campaign has been working for years to create a toxic-free future and we have seen just what is possible, witnessing; transformational change in the fashion sector. However, instead of securing this progress, the new Ley General de Aguas would allow companies to freely pollute Mexico's rivers, determining 'acceptable levels' of hazardous chemicals, allowing companies to self-regulate and even making pollution affordable with small fines.
Criminalising independent investigation
Perhaps one of the most worrying precedents in this initiative is the criminalisation of investigations or monitoring conducted without the government's permission. Scientists, independent NGOs like Greenpeace, journalists or even school children would face a fine if they were to conduct investigations without permission of the government. It would deny the Mexican people the right to know what is being released into the rivers they rely upon.
Privatizing our future
The law also furthers a system of water privatization, giving big companies the right to do what they want with our water via concessions, move it from one river to another, use huge amounts for mega-projects or pollute freely. This would further entrench a broken system: 70% of Mexico's rivers are polluted and the availability of clean water is rapidly decreasing.
However, there is hope. A growing movement of civil society organisations, renowned scientists, some of the country's most respected academics and a host of celebrities has joined the thousands speaking out against this law. The law has already been delayed once and the voices against it are growing . Over 100,00 have signed an online petition and this weekend thousands took to the streets and to tweets to defend Mexico's water.
Another way: a people's law
The movement has also proposed its own solution: a people's water law (in Spanish) developed over two years by over 450 different experts in the field. This 'people's law' would work towards protecting Mexico's water resources for the future generations: it would regulate and reduce the use of hazardous chemicals and, unlike the current proposal, guarantee the Mexican people's human right to access clean water.
Mexico is at a crossroads. The next few weeks will decide the future of the country's precious water but this is not just an issue for people here in Mexico, this law sets a dangerous precendent about how we use and treat the world's water.
We need you. Join the movement and help us take this to an international stage by adding your name to the petition and sharing this news with your contacts.
Robin Perkins is the Detox Programme Leader for Greenpeace Mexico. They tweet @RobinJPerkins.
By: Ben Toews
TL;DR: Pass the Hash HTTP NTLM Authentication with Python – python-ntlm – requests
When assessing a Windows domain environment, the ability to “pass the hash” is invaluable. The technique was pioneered by Paul Ashton way back in '97, and things have only gotten better since. Fortunately, we no longer need to patch Samba, but have reasonably functional tools like Pass-The-Hash Toolkit and msvctl.
The general aproach of these tools is to not focus on writing PTH versions of every Windows functionality, but rather to allow you to run Windows commands as another user. This means that instead of needing to patch Samba, we can just use msvctl to spawn cmd.exe and from there run the net use command. This aproach has the obvious advantage of requiring far less code.
On a recent enagement, I was attempting to access SharePoint sites using stolen hashes. My first instinct was to launch iexplore.exe using msvctl and to try to browse to the target site. The first thing I learned is that in order to get Internet Explorer to do HTTP NTLM authentication without prompting for credentials, the site you are visiting needs to be in your “Trusted Sites Zone”. Four hours later, when you figure this out, IE will use HTTP NTLM authentication, with the hash specified by msvctl, to authenticate you to the web application. This was all great, except for I was still getting a 401 from the webapp. I authenticated, but the account I was using didn't have permissions on the SharePoint site. No problem; I have stolen thousands of users' hashes and one of them must work, right? But what am I going to do, use msvctl to launch a few thousand instances of IE and attempt to browse the the site with each? I think not…
I took the python-ntlm module, which allows for HTTP NTLM with urllib2, and added the ability to provide a hash instead of a password. This can be found here. Then, because urllib2 is one of my least favourite APIs, I decided to write a patch for the requests library to use the python-ntlm library. This fork can be found here. I submitted a pull request to the requests project and commited my change to python-ntlm. Hopefully both of these updates will be available from pip in the near future.
So, what does all this let you do? You can now do pass-the-hash authentication with Python's request library:
One last thing to keep in mind is that there is a difference between HTTP NTLM authentication and Kerberos HTTP NTLM authentication. This is only for the former.
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Army Lt. Col. Hugo Chavez, who led a 1992 attempted coup, speaks to reporters on March 26, 1994, after they were freed from jail. Chavez was freed after charges were dropped against them for leading the first of two attempted coups against the government of former President Carlos Andres Perez, who was later removed from office. Hide Caption 1 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Venezuelan president-elect Chavez visits Bogota, Colombia, on December 18, 1998. On December 6, Chavez had been elected the youngest president in Venezuela history. Hide Caption 2 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – President Chavez greets supporters with their then-wife, Marisabel Rodriguez de Chavez, beside them as they arrive to preside over a parade in their honor on February 4, 1999, in Caracas. Chavez was sworn in as president on February 2. Hide Caption 3 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez inspects military maneuvers of the national Air Force on March 17, 2001, in Catilletes near the border with Colombia. In June 2000, Chavez was re-elected to the presidency for a six-year term, under the new constitution created by their government in 1999. Hide Caption 4 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – People try to take shelter from gunshots fired near Altamira Square in Caracas on August 16, 2004. At least three people were wounded by gunshots after Chavez supporters fired on opposition demonstrators, police said. A vote to recall Chavez as president failed on August 15. Hide Caption 5 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez, left, stands in front of supporters with Fidel Castro of Cuba, center, and Evo Morales of Bolivia, right, during a rally at the Plaza de la Revolucion in Havana, Cuba, on April 29, 2006. Hide Caption 6 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez meets with Pope Benedict XVI at their private library on May 11, 2006, in Vatican City. Hide Caption 7 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez embraces Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, right, in Tehran, Iran, on July 1, 2007. The two presidents have enjoyed a close relationship and Chavez has referred to Ahmadinejad as their "ideological brother." Hide Caption 8 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez speaks during a rally in Caracas on November 18, 2008. Chavez pushed to change term limits in Venezuela through a referendum that passed on February 15, 2009, clearing the way for them to run for a third six-year term. Hide Caption 9 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez, right, gives a copy of the book, "The Open Veins of Latin America" by Eduardo Galeano to President Barack Obama during a multilateral meeting at the Summit of the Americas in Port of Spain, Trinidad, on April 18, 2009. Hide Caption 10 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez, right, greets Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during their visit to the presidential palace in Caracas on April 2, 2010. Hide Caption 11 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez salutes to the audience after passing a law in Caracas on November 12, 2011. Chavez has undergone several rounds of cancer treatment in Cuba, beginning in 2011. Hide Caption 12 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez participates in a ceremony at the Miraflores presidential palace in Caracas on January 27, 2012. Hide Caption 13 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez, left, jokes with American actor Sean Penn, right, during their visit to Miraflores presidential palace in Caracas on February 16, 2012. Penn thanked Chavez for the support given by the Venezuelan government to their nongovernmental organization, which benefits victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Hide Caption 14 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez acknowledges supporters on the streets of Caracas while on their way to the airport to travel to Cuba for ongoing cancer treatment on February 24, 2012. Hide Caption 15 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – Chavez gestures to the crowd during their closing campaign rally in Caracas on October 4, 2012. The leftist leader won a fourth term on October 7, extending their presidency to 2019. Hide Caption 16 of 18
Photos: Photos: Political career of Hugo Chavez Political career of Hugo Chavez – A handout picture released by the Venezuelan presidential press office on Friday, February 15, 2013, shows Chavez surrounded by their daughters and holding the February 14 edition of the official Cuban newspaper Granma at a hospital in Havana, Cuba. Hide Caption 17 of 18
From Lehman Brothers to Worldcom to the Soviet Union, many seemingly robust institutions can disappear in a flash.
Other institutions can gradually fade away, which appears to be happening with meat, which has also been an institution itself.
Though people have relied on meat for centuries, as it played a central role in many cultures, meat's predominance has begun to fade. Here at home, Americans are eating less meat, particularly red varieties like beef and pork.
The reasons for declining meat consumption aren't a mystery. Doctors have been warning about greater cancer and other health risks from eating too much red meat for quite some time, and people finally got the message and have started cutting back.
What's shocking, though, is the extent of the change.
Annual per capita red meat consumption in the U.S. fell 15% to 101 pounds in the past 10 years, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It's down by a third since the early 1970s, when per capita consumption was pushing 150 pounds per year. And the downward consumption trend could soon accelerate, with major negative implications for the meat industry.
The potential catalyst: the release of preliminary recommendations from the committee of medical and nutrition experts involved in developing USDA dietary guidelines. The preliminary recommendations will be out later this month, and they'll be used to finalize the next set of USDA guidelines due out by the end of the year.
These events may seem relatively benign. After all, the USDA has been periodically publishing dietary guidelines for years, and they've never been terribly newsworthy before.
This time could be different, though, because the expert committee has indicated it would like the 2015 version to be written with the environment in mind. Specifically, it believes dietary recommendations should be influenced by the fact that animal agriculture is a leading source of the carbon-dioxide emissions responsible for global warming.
Indeed, the United Nations puts the industry's emissions at 7.1 gigatons per year, or nearly 15% of all greenhouse gases resulting from human activity. Beef production is the biggest culprit, contributing 41% of livestock industry-related emissions. Pork, poultry, egg and milk production all have substantial carbon footprints, as well.
Then there's the issue of enormous resource use, like the nearly 600 gallons of water needed to produce one pound of pork and the 1,800 gallons per pound of beef. Animals raised for meat also need tremendous amounts of feed grain which, because it contains antibiotics, helps fuel the surge in bacterial infections in humans that are more difficult or sometimes even impossible to treat.
Because of these issues, the USDA expert committee may advise eating less meat, especially red and processed meat. And that's just what the committee proposed last month in a draft of its preliminary recommendations, according to The Washington Post. The draft also advises eating more of a plant-based diet because of the smaller environmental impact.
If the USDA adopts these positions, then it'll be the first time ever that the agency actively discourages meat consumption (current guidelines encourage consumption by suggesting lean meats).
Investors shouldn't underestimate the potential effect of this on the meat industry, even though the general public is notoriously resistant to any sort of health or diet-related advice from the government.
In this case, the guidelines might be taken more seriously because of concerns about global warming. They'd also have a large and immediate role in shaping children's attitude toward meat, since USDA dietary guidelines typically affect nutrition education and food choices available through school lunch and other public meal programs. In such a scenario, an even quicker drop in demand for meats of all types could occur, especially if the new guidelines heavily stress a more plant-based diet.
Risks To Consider: As an upside risk, the meat industry lobby may be able to convince the USDA to omit the expert committee's new recommendations, or at least water them down enough to render them ineffective .
Action To Take --> An unfavorable new set of USDA dietary guidelines could obviously be a huge headwind for successful meat producers like Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE: TSN ) , Hormel Foods Corp. (NYSE: HRL ) and others. Risk tolerant investors may want to consider shorting the stocks of such companies or relevant exchange-traded securities like the PowerShares DB Agriculture ETF (NYSE: DBA ) and the iPath Dow Jones-UBS Livestock Subindex Total Return ETN (NYSE: COW ) . This strategy may be appropriate now, before the expert committee's preliminary recommendations come out, or sometime before the updated dietary guidelines are published.
Think twice about holding long positions in meat industry stocks or exchange-traded securities if the new guidelines do advise eating less meat. If the new guidelines come to pass, the risk of long-term profit shrinkage would be much too great. A reduction in our meat consumption would likely more than offset still-rising meat consumption in other parts of the world.
From time to time, the iPhone Home button can become less responsive to clicks, and pressing the button will either result in a delay, lag, or sometimes complete unresponsiveness requiring multiple clicks. While this could be symptomatic of a hardware issue caused by moisture damage or dropping the phone, sometimes you can fix the response problem with a simple software tweak.
Perform the following sequence on the iPhone with an unresponsive Home button:
Open a default iOS application, such as Stocks, Calculator, or Weather
Press and hold down the Power button until the “Slide to Power Off” dialog appears, then release
Now press and hold the Home button until the “Slide to Power Off” screen disappears, force quitting the application
Why this works to fix the buttons responsiveness isn't entirely clear, because the procedure actually just force quits the application you launched in the first step. This procedure supposedly recalibrates the Home button. Whatever is going on behind the scenes, it does seem to work and definitely has made mine seem to respond quicker.
This should also help the iPad and iPod touch home buttons as well. If you try this and still have problems with the home button being unresponsive, you may just need to get it repaired.
If this didn't help another workaround for a broken home button is with Assistive Touch, which enables an onscreen tappable virtual home button instead. If all else fails that may be the best bet without having to go in for repair.
Keep in mind that if an iPhone is still in warranty and the buttons stop working, you can often get them repaired for free by Apple. That won't be the case with damaged models, but if it just mysteriously broke they will almost always fix it for you.
It's not really enough to say Asus "redesigned" the original Transformer; gutted is more like it. The 10.1-inch Prime looks nothing like the original, well, save for the fact that it's a tablet and most of them look alike. The original's brown plastic back has now been replaced with a Champagne Gold (the color of my review unit) or Amethyst Gray-colored piece of aluminum, which has a similar concentric circle pattern to that on the Asus Zenbook lid. Not only do the materials feel better in hand, but the design on a whole is much more understated than the original. In fact, from just a pure aesthetic perspective, the Prime is tied with the iPad on the tablet catwalk. The Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 is thin, but its glossy, white plastic back isn't what I'd really consider to be a real eye-pleaser. And the rest of the Android tablets — at least the 10-inch selection — have remained chunky and humdrum in design.
Dimensions (in.) Thickness Weight (lb.) Eee Pad Transformer Prime 10.4 x 7.1 0.31 1.29 Eee Pad Transformer 10.6 x 6.7 0.51 1.49 Apple iPad 2 9.5 x 7.3 0.34 1.33 Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 10.1 x 6.9 0.34 1.24
What's even better is that the tablet has also been nipped and tucked all around. Measuring 0.31 inches thick and weighing just 1.29 pounds, the Prime is now one of the thinnest tablets on the market. Considering it's the world's first tablet to squeeze in a quad-core ARM processor, it's even more impressive. As the chart above indicates, the size and weight difference between the Prime and the iPad 2 is minimal, and that's exactly how I'd describe holding one in each hand; I really couldn't feel a difference. It's a tad heavier than the Galaxy Tab 10.1, but again, I prefer the Prime's metal to Samsung's plastic.
Despite cutting down the thickness, Asus has been able to keep the tablet itself well stocked on ports; there's a 3.5mm headphone jack, Micro HDMI port, and a Micro SD card slot. If you're looking for those full-size ports, you'll have to go for the $149 keyboard dock — more on that later. I will end this section by saying something I haven't said of any of the competing tablets out there: this is first tablet that actually rivals the iPad on design, build, and size, while not just copying it.
Today, Nextcloud has published new updates for its supported releases, continuing its mission to bring you a secure, reliable private cloud solution. The updates bring stability and security improvements and, as always, we strongly recommend users to upgrade. Read on to find out what has changed.
Changelog
Major changes include:
LDAP handling fixes
Add profile data to provisioning api
Fix detection of new iOS app
Make sure invalid images don't flood the log file
Improvements to Activities app
Fixes to ServerInfo
minor app description fixes
Various other stability and security improvements
You can find more details and downloads for 10.0.4 and 9.0.57 in the changelog. If you wish to be kept up to date on future release announcements, subscribe to our release announcement newsletter.
Get Nextcloud 11.0.2 from our download page and let us know what you think below!
by
This autumn may see anti-austerity coalitions gain power in Portugal, Spain and Italy, while Marine le Pen's National Front in France presses for outright withdrawal from the eurozone. These countries face a common problem: how to resist the economic devastation that the European Central Bank (ECB), European Council and IMF “troika” has inflicted on Greece and is now intending to do the same to southern Europe.
To resist the depression and debt deflation that the troika seeks to deepen, one needs to bear in mind the dynamics that make the IMF un-reformable. Its destructive role in Greece provides an object lesson for how southern Europe must shun its horde of ideologues, as Third World countries learned to avoid it by May 2013, the year that Turkey capped the world's extrication from IMF “advice.” Already in 2008, Turkey's prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced: “We cannot darken our future by bowing to the wishes of the IMF.”[1] Greek voters have now said the same thing.
To soften resistance to the IMF's austerity demands, a public relations drive is being mounted to rehabilitate the myth that the Fund can act as an honest broker mediating between anti-labor finance ministers and the PIIGS – Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain. On Friday, August 28, three Reuters reporters published a long “think piece” trying to show that the IMF is changing and that its head, Christine Lagarde, has seen the light and seeks to promote real debt relief.[2]
The timing of this report seems significant. The IMF got “back in business” in 2010 when its head, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, overrode its staff and many Board members in order to join the troika and shift the country's bad debt from French and German bankers onto the Greek people. That is the story I tell in Killing the Host, which CounterPunch published in an e-version last week. (The hard-print and Kindle versions are now available on Amazon.)
President Obama and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner insisted that Angela Merkel and French President Sarkozy pressure the IMF to go against the opposition of its own staff and join the European Central Bank's hardline demands that Greece impose austerity. Geithner and Obama warned that if Greek bondholders were not paid in full, some giant U.S. banks would lose heavily on the default insurance contracts and derivatives they had written, and their losses could spread “contagion” to Europe.
It was at this 2011 G8 meeting that Merkel told Greek PM George Papandreou that they had to cancel their proposed referendum on whether Greece should surrender to austerity to help foreign bondholders. As the late Frankfurt Allgemeine Zeitung editor Frank Schirrmacher observed at the time, this meant that “Democracy is Junk.”
Papandreou's acquiescence led their PASOK party to be swept utterly away, having lost all credibility – the same credibility that the IMF has lost. Papandreou was replaced by a pro-bank puppet. Italy's Prime Minister suffered the same fate later that week, in a continent-wide crisis turning the eurozone into an economic dead zone.
It took until last July, four years later, for Greek voters finally to be given their say in a referendum. And just as Merkel, Sarkozy and Obama feared, they voted by an overwhelming 61 percent (a 3:2 margin) to reject austerity.
The Reuters piece quotes the same complaints by IMF insiders that my book records – as if this is a revelation that has just come out in their “examination of previously unreported IMF board minutes.” Actually, the information has been out for a year. So the question is, why is this information being reported as if it were new?
The aim seems to be to distract attention from the political dynamics that actually were going on and the conflicts of interest that were at work – and still are. In addition to my own book published last week, former Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis has gone public with their own sad experience with Lagarde and the European Central Bank (ECB) demanding further austerity and mass privatizations.[3] “If you were a fly on the wall watching our negotiations,” they report, “you would see as well as I saw that Ms Lagarde, Mr Draghi, Mr Juncker, certainly Dr Schäuble, were interested in one thing: In dictating to us ‘terms of surrender'. Terms that put an end to the Athens Spring.”
By comparison, the Reuters whitewash distorts history, dumbing it down and censoring the U.S. role of Obama and Geithner, while trying to depict Christine Lagarde as urging an alleviation of Greek debt and austerity.
The world needs to know the whole story, because it will show the degree to which the IMF is under the thumb of Wall Street and European banks, and of U.S. political leaders backing hardline creditor interests. This in turn shows the impossibility of reforming the IMF (or World Bank, whose presidents traditionally are drawn from the U.S. Defense Department or its Cold War supporters).
Killing the Host discloses complaints leaked by angry IMF officials who became whistleblowers and published their complaints at Canada's prestigious Center for International Governance Innovation (CIGI). These same quotes were just cited breathlessly by Reuters. What the wire service did not report was the point that the IMF's former economists made.
Lagarde continues to insist that Greek debts can be paid by “extend and pretend,” lowering the interest rate and stretching out the maturities. This is their definition of “writing down Greek debts.” Most peoples' definition would mean writing down the debt principal. Reading Reuters' selective quotes, it is almost as if the seemingly detailed report was written to counter the political points Varoufakis, I and others have been making.
What Reuters excluded from its report that provides the key to unlock what is most politically embarrassing: The behavior of Obama and Geithner in protecting Wall Street's casino bets that Greece could be arm-twisted to pay. Dominique Strauss-Kahn had two conflicts of interest: They wanted to run for the presidency of France, gaining favor by protecting French banks; and they wanted to get the IMF back into the austerity advice business, by joining the Eurozone troika. When Christine Lagarde started to repeat their refusal to back the recent IMF staff report endorsing write-down of Greek debt, the staff leaked it this spring, much to their embarrassment when the IMF signed onto a troika program with no real debt relief.[4]
The Reuters report throws up a cloud of disinformation saying that they back debt relief, as if this means backing a writedown of unpayably high Greek debt. Quite the contrary, Lagarde has said again and again that their idea of debt relief is simply to extend and pretend – to stretch out the maturity of Greece's debt, to lower the interest rate charged.
The real story is not simply the warnings that Reuters published so breathlessly from IMF staff members and board members that Greece could not pay its debts and that attempting to do so would bring on depression. The real story is why Strauss-Kahn overrode them in 2010. The IMF officials who resigned blamed their action on their political ambitions in French politics and their opportunism in trying to finally get the IMF “back in business” rather than being left out by the ECB for not being sufficiently pro-creditor. To override the fact that the IMF was violating its own directives, the Fund introduced a “contagion” escape clause that nullified the demand that it not endorse loans that could not be paid. (I describe the small print in Killing the Host.)
Lagarde is still adhering to the demand that Greece must repay all the debt principal, including what IMF staff members urged to be written off four years ago. Like Strauss-Kahn, they were about to override their own staff when they leaked their report on Greece's inability to pay. An indication of their position was their statement at a May 2012 IMF meeting in Riga, where they came to celebrate Latvia's punishing austerity model that could be exported to “serve as an inspiration for European leaders grappling with the economic crisis.”
The fact that the IMF's head has to be a French pro-bank, pro-austerity ideologue, taking orders from Washington officials wield veto power on behalf of Wall Street bankers and bondholders, makes the IMF hopelessly compromised. The icing on the cake is its recent loan to Ukraine, money that Ukrainian President Poroshenko has said will be spent to wage war on Russian-speakers in eastern Ukraine where most of the export industry was located.
By no stretch of the imagination can Ukraine pay this debt. It already has negotiated a 20 percent writedown of its debt to private bondholders, and both Poroshenko and “Yats” insist that they will default on their $3 billion debt to Russia's sovereign wealth fund falling due this December. That alone will require the IMF to withdraw, because the terms of its Articles of Agreement prevent it from lending to countries that unilaterally default on debts owed to official institutions. (The original idea had in mind the United States, not Russia or China.)
Yet the IMF has not warned that Ukraine must either pay or see itself turned into a financial pariah Greek-style. The Fund has been pulled into the New Cold War in addition to the financial war against labor and against government ability to resist austerity.
Past Reuters reports (and those of the New York Times and other neoliberal press) have popularized the trivializing idea that the reason China, Russia and other BRICS countries have created their own alternative development banks and international currency institutions is merely because they don't have a large enough vote within the IMF. (Congress has blocked new U.S. contributions to the IMF, preventing a renegotiation of quotas.)
This is not what the BRICS countries say. Their disagreement is that the development philosophy of the IMF and World Bank is to promote austerity to pay bondholders and sell off the public domain to U.S. and other foreign financial investors. No matter how large the foreign quota, the U.S. Government retains veto power to enforce these U.S.-centered rules. The BRICS want a different development philosophy, an alternative to austerity economics and IMF “stabilization plans” whose effect is to destabilize countries submitting to their austerity.
The tragic Greek experience should stand as a warning of the need to withdraw from the rules that have turned the eurozone into an economic dead zone, and the IMF and Troika into brutal debt collectors for European, U.S. and British banks and bondholders. This is not a story that the mainstream press is happy to popularize. And as for the academic economists trotted out as talking heads, they still don't get it.
Notes.
[1] Delphine Strauss, “Turkish politicians argue over need for IMF help as crunch bites,” Financial Times, October 28, 2008.
[2] Lesley Wroughton, Howard Schneider and Dina Kyriakidou, “How the IMF's misadventure in Greece is changing the fund,” Reuters, Aug. 28, 2015, http://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/imf-greece/
[3] Introduction: Our Athens Spring, https://varoufakis.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/frangy-2-23-aug-2015.pdf
[4] Jack Ewing, “I.M.F. Report Shines Uncomfortable Light on Greece's Financing Gap,” The New York Times, July 15, 2015, and Peter Spiegel and Shawn Donnan, “IMF raises doubts over its bailout role,” Financial Times, July 15, 2015.
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam (R) called on Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to step down Sunday after a video released Friday showed the Republican presidential nominee making vulgar comments about groping women.
ADVERTISEMENT
Haslam, who never endorsed Trump, said Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE, should assume the role as the party's nominee.
"I want to emphasize that character in our leaders does matter. None of us in elected office are perfect, but the decisions that are made in the Oval Office have too many consequences to ignore the behavior we have seen," Haslam said in a statement Sunday.
"It is time for the good of the nation and the Republican Party for Donald Trump to step aside and let Gov. Mike Pence assume the role as the party's nominee. If they do not step aside, I will write in a Republican for the Office of President."
Haslam and South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard (R) are the only two current state governors to call on Trump to step down.
Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley (R) and Utah Gov. Gary Herbert (R) withdrew their support of the GOP nominee.
Dozens of Republican lawmakers and politicians have called on Trump to drop out of the race.
The 2018 mid-term elections are still more than a year and a half away, but the outlook does not look very promising for the Democratic Party. There is a laundry list of reasons the Democratic Party is in trouble. To start, there is a shortage of 2018 Senate races in states where the Democrats have a chance to win a new seat. The American left is also deeply divided. Many progressives still do not forgive the Democratic Party establishment for its treatment of Bernie Sanders in the 2016 primary. There are also a number of Senate Democrat incumbents whose seats could be in serious danger. To say the Democratic Party should be worried is a gross understatement.
According to The Hill, Claire McCaskill, a Democratic senator from Missouri, is already voicing concerns that they could face a primary election challenge by a progressive running on the idea that McCaskill has been too unwilling to take a stand against Donald Trump's cabinet appointments.
“Many of those people are very impatient with me because they don't think I'm pure. For example, they think I should be voting against all of Trump's nominees and of course I'm judging each nominee on its own merit,” McCaskill said.
SEnator Claire McCaskill of Missouri believes they could face a primary challenge from the left in 2018. [Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images]
McCaskill could very well be right. Many Bernie Sanders supporters are wholly disgusted with the Democratic Party establishment of which McCaskill can be counted as a member in good standing. These progressives and others on the left want Democrats who are willing to take a bold stand for things like single-payer healthcare, getting corporate money out of politics, and ending what many see as out-of-control military interventionism. The left-wing of the party, and many who have “Demexited” for the Green Party or to become independents, do not have faith in Democrat senators like McCaskill, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, and Joe Donnelly of Indiana, all of whom are from red states that voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 election. It's hard to imagine these folks beating Republicans without a broad coalition of voters that includes anti-establishment types on the left. And if progressives mount heated primary challenges, as McCaskill predicts, it could spell doom for their chances to retain their seats.
Even Democrats once thought to be fairly secure in their jobs have reason to be concerned. Take Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, for example. According to Boston Globe, a January poll found that 46 percent of Massachusetts voters thought it was time to “give someone else a chance” in the 2018 election, while only 44 percent want Warren to win reelection. Them top potential contender, current Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, scored a 56 percent approval rating in the same poll. Warren's approval rating was 51 percent in the poll.
Warren was once adored by the left wing of the Democratic Party, but their unwillingness to endorse Bernie Sanders in the 2016 election lost them a fair amount of support.  They are now viewed by some on the left as someone willing to make bold statements but not put themselves on the line when push comes to shove. A primary challenge, or perhaps even a bid for their Senate seat by Jill Stein of the Green Party, could be the nail in the coffin for their Senate career. And if the DNC is forced to spend tons of money to try and keep their seat, that will mean less funds allocated to other Senate and House elections across the country in 2018.
According to Roll Call, there are 33 Senate races in 2018. Of those races, 25 feature Democrat incumbents hoping to win another term, leaving only eight Republican incumbents whose seats are up for grabs. Of those 25 Democrat incumbents, 10 are from states won by Donald Trump in the 2016 election.
Bill Nelson of Florida
Jo Donnelly of Indiana
Debbi Stabenow of Michigan
Claire McCaskill of Missouri
John Tester of Montana
Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota
Sherrod Brown of Ohio
Robert Casey of Pennsylvania
Joe Manchin of West Virginia
Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin
Aside from these 10, as with the example of Elizabeth Warren above, the other 15 incumbent Democrats can not just rest on their laurels and assume a cakewalk back into their Senate seats in 2019 given divisions on the left and the apparent rightward momentum of the electorate. The House doesn't look much better. All 435 House seats are up for re-election in 2018. According to the official House website, that means 239 Republicans and 193 Democrats will be fighting for their seats. It's reasonable to think a fair amount of those 193 Democrats will first have to contend with primary challengers from the left before they face challengers from the right. It remains to be seen how effective the coalition of independents, Greens, and progressive Democrat Bernie supporters will be in unseating incumbent Democrats and winning primaries to go against Republican incumbents.
Joe Manchin and Heidi Heitkamp are two of the incumbent Democrat Senators facing reelection in states won by Donald Trump. [Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images]
Despite this harsh reality, the Democratic Party establishment seems to be content with moving forward under the assumption that Donald Trump will be so awful that they'll be able to continue business as usual and coast to victory simply because they're not the right. This strategy has failed for years now, so it's not really clear why it's being tried again. The party has only worked to further ostracize people who already felt shunned by the party establishment. Perhaps the outcome will be a wholesale failure of the Democratic Party in 2018 elections so the progressive Bernie supporters, left independents, and Green coalition continues to grow, though it's probably not the kind of “resistance” the Democratic Party is hoping for.
[Featured Image by Win McNamee/Getty Images]
In the first episode of the first season of The Legend of Korra, we meet the next Avatar, who runs into trouble when their plan to learn airbending. Intrigued? Then it's time for Mark to (finally) watch The Legend of Korra.
Oh my god, I missed this world so much.
So, let's talk a little logistics before we start this proper! This is the first of TWELVE reviews that will run consecutively on weekdays. Like this post, it will not replace the normally scheduled reviews; instead, each will go up in the morning. SO TWO POSTS PER DAY YAY. We'll run through all twelve of them, and you are also welcome to purchase a Mark Watches video for any of them as well! (There's a lovely one at the end of this review! YAY!)
Please, please, please consult the Site Rules and Spoiler Policy for this site if you've not been here before. Well, if you've never been here before, you have a lot of reading to do! I did an entire Mark Watches series for Avatar: The Last Airbender and it's full of a lot of sobbing and shrieking, so have fun with that!
I have a ruthlessly strict spoiler policy in effect here at Mark Watches, so please read about it. So that I and others who have not seen this show can still read the comments, do not post anything – thoughts, spoilers, hints, excited expectations, anything – that is about an episode beyond the review that is posted. You will also see a bunch of garbled nonsense in the comments. That is rot13! Go to that site, and you may discuss any and all spoilers by cyphering your comment with rot13. Please put a non-rot13 warning before your comment to let others know what you're spoiling for your first rot13 comment. For example, say like, “Spoilers for the whole series” or “Spoilers for the next episode” before you paste your rot13 comment.
Full disclosure: I sat in on the Legend of Korra panel at Comic-Con in 2011, so I saw character designs, some names, and that one trailer that everyone cried over for like a year. I have managed to stay away from everything else, though! VICTORY. Please do not spoil me. 🙂
Oh god, it's here.
After Aang and their friends brought the Hundred Year War to an end, the Avatar and Fire Lord Zuko transformed the Fire Nation colonies into the United Republic of Nations, a society where benders and non-benders from all over the world would live together in peace and harmony, Republic City being its capital city. Avatar Aang accomplished many remarkable things in their life, but their time in this world came to an end, and thus the Avatar Cycle began anew.
There's a great deal of the premiere of The Legend of Korra that relies on calls to the past, but this isn't done in a sloppy or insulting way. I remember when I was first doing Mark Reads Harry Potter, I was annoyed that in the first few books, Rowling largely summarized the series in the first chapter of two. And I didn't care because I just wanted to get back into the story! I was being a bit petulant, to be fair, and I don't really feel the same way anymore. “Welcome to Republic City,” by comparison, is absolutely nothing like this. The writers depend on the viewer having seen all of A:TLA, and a lot of the visual and dialogue points are all based on the previous show. Yes, that means I spent most of this episode wanting to fall out of my chair with excitement.
That does not mean, however, that this premiere relies too much on the past to keep my attention. On the contrary, this is an exciting introducing to a further exploration of a fictional world that I came to love last year. The real treat of The Legend of Korra, introduced here, is Republic City.
But before we even get there, we're introduced to Korra. Unlike Aang, their introduction is knowledgable. She's not trapped in ice, the world is expecting their arrival, and they have grown up with the knowledge of who they are. Oh, and she's feisty as hell. Even at a young age, they demonstrate a ridiculous capacity for bending and for upstaging anyone and anything within a ten mile radius of them And I like that this is the distinction we get right off the bat. The main character of this show is a confident, aggressive young woman, and she's the polar opposite of Aang. It's also interesting to see how much in common they have with most of the characters from A:TLA. She's got Sokka's sense of humor and wit; they have Aang's technical prowess; she's very much like Katara in terms of their determination and power. But even in just one episode, she's still their own character, and I love how well everyone is developed in such a short span of time.
The Order of the White Lotus also plays a large part of the narrative, since it's clear that Aang tasked them with finding and then raising the next Avatar that would come after him. (Ugh, can I also admit that it makes me sad to think that Aang is gone? No, stop it feelings, stop it.) They're almost immediately contrasted with Korra's impatient and childish attitude. And I know that the word childish might seem like an insult, but I don't mean that here.  They are very much like a child opening Christmas presents every day. They love bending. Oh my god, do they love bending. They can't hide their excitement at all, even if the Order expects them to have a more nuanced and sober attitude towards their responsibility. CALLING IT NOW: THIS WILL COME INTO CONFLICT LATER.
The point where we meet up with Korra is after she's mastered firebending, airbending, and earthbending. And hell, I love that. We've already had to watch Aang learn all the elements before becoming a fully-realized Avatar, so I'm glad the show isn't going to retread the same ground. Plus, it's a way for the writers to bring us to Republic City and to include master Tenzin in the story.
TENZIN. TENZIN. Oh my god. It's Aang and Katara's son. Like, I can't even deal with that fact at all. It's so exciting just to think about this. And I'm already in love with them and their family, and I love that they are absolutely nothing like their parents. He's so serious! And then their kids just fly off their sky bison on AIR SCOOTERS (oh my god Aang they still do airscooters i want to cry at this thought), and then MEELO. OH MY GOD, MEELO. They look like a fucking alien, I AM SO HAPPY WITH HIM. And then Hinora asks about ZUKO'S MOM and Ikki interrupts, and I SHRIEK WITH LAUGHTER.
I can't. This family is everything I want to be.
And it's at this point that the premiere introduces the first main conflict that will govern what happens for the rest of this series: Tenzin cannot stay with the Southern Water Tribe to train Korra in airbending. I can already tell just how impatient Korra is. She's so eager and excited all of the time, but I can tell that it's kind of extreme. Them dinner that night with Tenzin and the rest of the Order is awkward because of it. They can't deal with the idea that they have to wait in order to be trained, and they certainly don't understand what's happening in Republic City that is keeping Tenzin away from the Southern Water Tribe.
That ignorance is continually highlighted throughout the remainder of this episode. Korra thinks they know what she's getting into; they think that it'll be easy to meet up with Tenzin in Republic City; and they think Tenzin will totally have all the time in the world to train them Well, they do get Katara's blessing to leave the tribe to seek out their destiny, so it's not like they didn't have encouragement. (Oh god, Katara, you are the only one left alive. My heart. MY HEART.) I don't think Katara was misguided at all! Plus, Korra had a great point at the dinner with the Order: how was it fair that for their whole life, she'd been stuck within the same compound? I understand that Aang wanted to keep them safe, but that's kind of a fucked up way to raise a child.
Still, the situation turns into a bit of a disaster once Korra and Naga escape. (OH MY GOD NAGA IS LIKE A BIG DOG BUT ALSO A BEAR AND OH MY GOD I WANT MY OWN BEAR DOG.) Korra's own perceptions of Republic City are, frankly, wrong. She's immediately impressed by the size and scope of the place (as was I), but they repeatedly misjudge what a large metropolitan city is like. They have no money. They have no friends there. They have no idea what the laws are or what's frowned upon by people who live in that society. And they didn't believe poor people lived in the city. Like, that is precisely how sheltered they are. The mere existence of that homeless man is entirely impossible to them Seriously, they have a lot to learn.
And I think the entire scene with the Equalist protesters is a good way to demonstrate that. Korra can't even fathom that non-benders might feel oppressed or hurt by the ruling bender class. To her, bending is a fun adventure. Why wouldn't everyone want that? Lord, they are a mess, and I love that the show is already portraying them as flawed in the very first episode. Them ignorance is complicated because they genuinely mean well! Like, they see the Triple Threat Triad, they read the situation as being a very obvious dichotomy of right and wrong, and they act to save the phonograph vendor. The world is very simple to her, and they can't really appreciate nuance. It's one of the reasons they are so confused by the Metalbending Police Force. Isn't they helping the citizens of Republic City by going after a gang??? But the world is so much more complicated than that, and they can't see it at all. (Oh god, that gang is going to make life difficult for her, aren't they?)
That's when we meet Chief Lin Beifong. OH MY GOD, TOPH'S DAUGHTER RUNS THE METALBENDING POLICE FORCE. This is beautiful. Well, assuming the police aren't this horrible element to Republic City's society. Actually, that's something I'm interested in seeing in future episodes. Tenzin tells Korra that Republic City isn't quite what Aang wanted of the place. What else is wrong about it? How do Amon and the Equalists fit into this picture? Clearly, Tenzin is moved by the sight of their father's statue and believes Korra can help them restore balance to the city. But how? Even Korra's speech to the city is pretty vague. To be fair, it's not like Korra even knows how this is going to unfold, and I was really impressed that they flat-out admitted that they didn't have a plan. It's a very humble moment from her! But does Tenzin believe that the mere presence of the Avatar might inspire peace and harmony? Or do they plan on using their powers to do this?
Of course, in terms of the plot, nothing got me more excited than the first glimpse of Amon, who plainly states that “their plan” must be accelerated now that Korra has arrived. Oh shit, are they the villains in this story? Or is this going to be much more complex than that? I AM SO EXCITED TO WATCH THIS, Y'ALL!!!
Every episode of this season has a Mark Watches video! You can purchase the
Mark Watches ‘The Legend of Korra': S01E01 from Mark Oshiro on Vimeo.
I remember the thrill when I signed that first set of stock option grants. I was looking around the room thinking, “these are the people I'm going to do something really cool with.” Promise is in the air. We're all in this together. We're going to build something. Something difficult, against the odds. Something with substance. I was excited and ready for the hard work, which I got. Here's a scenario: Fast forward, the company's out of time and money. The fire sale's on. People are jumping ship. And those options? Well, they're way underwater.
Has it happened to you? It's happened to me. More than once.
When stock options no longer live up to their name: “Incentive Stock Option Grants”, and motivation is waning, it starts to feel like working at a startup is like rolling the dice. Signing those ISO docs starts to feel like a sham transaction. And here's the problem: When we go into it assuming the stock options won't be worth anything, it changes the culture. There's no “promise is in the air.” It's a joke. The mystique is gone.
Maybe it's time to go work for EnormoCo writing java.
Or, maybe it's time to fix something that's broken in this startup culture.
It's called negotiation. Chances are, negotiating isn't your favorite activity. But the negotiations happen whether you like it or not. And we've all heard by now that the folks who engage in the negotiation process inevitably wind up in a better position. This is true for the salary and benefits negotiation when you start a job, but it's also true when your job's coming to an end.
If you make it to a liquidity event you're in a negotiation. It's up to you whether you engage in it or not…or even if you recognize it as a negotiation. If you're lucky enough to have been part of a meteoric success, congratulations, but I'm not really talking to you.
So what happens when a startup produces something of value, but runs out of cash? It's time for a fire sale. Chances are, the company is sold far a price that protects the founders and investors, but leaves your lowly options underwater. Next, you're informed that your stock options aren't valuable because of dilution or company valuation. Here's where you grab the horns in this negotiation. Remember, those stock option grants were a signal of intent when you started the job. And remember your contributions. Be articulate about the business value you built for the company. And you did create value because the business has just been sold, right?
I know it's not fun, but the negotiation is pretty simple. It consists of you reminding the founders of your contributions and their intent to compensate you for those contributions. You can even suggest that the options weren't properly valued when issued.
Yes, you can say this. And yes, they can change the valuation of your grants to honor the intent behind those stock option grants. Hopefully, your founders will agree and work the process so that you do get some reward for your risk. But the really important thing is that you just got better at negotiating. You took a stand.
A second child sex ring has potentially been uncovered in Rochdale, just days after a group of nine was jailed for the sexual exploitation of young girls.
Police in the Lancashire town have made several arrests, with each of the suspects thought to have abused the same girl.
Police have moved to arrest several suspected child abusers in Rochdale (PA)
A source told the Manchester Evening News that the girl in question is ‘extremely vulnerable' and the alleged abuse of them is believed to have taken place over a number of years while they were a teenager.
Offices worked to track down all of the names they thought might be involved in the case and each has now been taken into custody.
Detectives are currently trying to establish a link between the men, but none has yet been discovered. Despite this, they are reported to be ready to hand over a file of evidence against the individuals to the Crown Prosecution Service in the next few weeks.
Advertisement
Advertisement
All of the men caught up in the alleged abuse of the girl are described as being of Asian or Afro-Caribbean backgrounds. The girl is said to have known each of them only by nicknames.
Earlier in the week, nine men from Rochdale and nearby Oldham were imprisoned after being found to have exploited girls as young as 13.
Tesla is sending its Powerwall system to Puerto Rico as the island deals with widespread power loss in the wake of Hurricane Maria.
According to Electrek, the company has been quietly shipping hundreds of battery packs to be paired with solar panels to Puerto Rico ever since the storm cleared.
Fortune reported that Tesla employees are currently on the U.S. territory installing the batteries and repairing solar systems, as well as coordinating efforts with local organizations.
Much of the island's 3.4 million American citizens are currently without power and disconnected from modes of communication. Officials estimate that some areas will not see their power restored for months. As Climate Nexus pointed out, "the future of the island's bankrupt and corrupt utility and its fossil-fuel-heavy colonial legacy are now top of mind as experts and officials begin to tackle the best way to restore power and rebuild the island's power grid."
While there is still a long way to go rebuild, Tesla's batteries will help enable the island's generation of clean and renewable solar energy in the interim and in the future.
The company previously made headlines for helping Model S and Model X owners in Florida escape Hurricane Irma by extending the battery range of its cars.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has also personally donated $250,000 to the relief effort, Electrek noted.
A number of companies and business leaders have contributed to hurricane relief efforts. Fellow billionaire mogul Richard Branson, who faced two damaging hurricanes in a row from their home in the British Virgin Islands, has met with government representatives from Britain and the U.S. to set up a green fund to rebuild the hurricane-wrecked Caribbean.
"As part of that fund we want to make sure that the Caribbean moves from dirty energy to clean energy," Branson also told Thomson Reuters Foundation.
"If all that money could be invested in clean energy, in powering the world by the sun and by the wind, where we won't have to suffer these awful events in the future, how much better than having to patch up people's houses after they've been destroyed?" the Virgin Group founder said.
The official Call of Duty WWII reveal stream recently concluded. If you missed it, then know you didn't miss much. It was mostly just a bunch of middle-aged men patting one another on the back about their success. In the midst of that, we did a get a short trailer which revealed a much grittier take on the Call of Duty franchise. I was taking notes during the stream and here are the key things I took out of the reveal.
There will be no regenerating health. You'll have to rely on your medic (at least in the campaign.We don't know about multiplayer)
If you're low on ammo you'll have to get some from a comrade (at least in the campaign. We don't know about multiplayer)
They're claiming this to be the most “visceral” Call of Duty ever. Doesn't seem like it's going to be a bro shooter, but instead focuses on the horrors of war and brotherhood.
They've spent years doing research on locations and recording the real sound effects of the weapons and vehicles of the era
The game won't shy away from social issues of the day (racism, sexism ect.)
A beta will be available for those who preorder the game
Multiplayer reveal will be at E3 this June, so I'd assume the beta will be after June too.
Call of Duty WWII drops November 3rd, 2017 for PC, Xbox One and PS4
Did I miss anything that was noteworthy? Let me know in the comments below. Feel free to check out the reveal trailer below.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Email Link Embed Copy and paste this HTML code into your webpage to embed.
- Advertisement -
Nightwing, A fashionable fascist.
Nightwing: The New Order is a new DC “Elseworld” tale, which takes a unique look at Batman's first Robin. In a prologue sequence, Dick Grayson has taken down the Justice League, because they have to save the world. It's a memorable way to open the series, because it raises a lot of questions. The series then jumps 12 years into the future. Nightwing is the leader of a police force hunting metahumans. They also have a son named Jake, and a lot of the story is balancing their life between their duties as a father and a leader for this new world.
Writer Kyle Higgins definitely knew how to craft a great hook for this series. The issue keeps the reader invested in the mystery of this universe, and what has happened. There are a lot of great details in the background and in the dialogue to show Nightwing's influence on this world. There are a few logistical issues in the book (Nightwing took down Superman… really?) and it would be cool to see more of this world. However, it's still a fascinating read and ends on a great cliffhanger.
Behold the propaganda
Artist Trevor McCarthy teams up with colorist Dean White to show us what this “New Order” looks like. The art is reminiscent of Batman Beyond; there's a sense hyperbole makes this world seem exaggerated in design, but not unreal. The backgrounds in particular are very detailed. The city shots look fantastic. There are a lot of heavy shadows and a strong use of the color red that keeps evokes an ominous tone in this world.
- Advertisement -
Overall, the art is strong, but there are a few hiccups. The faces can be a little odd at times; Dick Grayson will sometimes have extra lines of detail that are distracting to look at. Also some of the facial expressions are bizarre at certain times, characters look more menacing than the context of the story implies. It's not enough to be distracting, but it's prevalent in the issue. There are also a few panels that have tilted shots, and it's confusing as to why. It creates a feeling of uncertainty in what seem to be normal settings. Again, these are minor issues, the art is strong and compliments the writing well.
The Captain Elephant In The Room
It's probably pretty clear to most fans that this story is similar to Marvel's current event Secret Empire. The beats are certainly familiar, but there are very strong differences in the how the narratives are presented. Secret Empire chooses to be big and inspect how Cap's betrayal and turn to fascism impacts everyone. Nightwing The New Order focuses almost entirely on Dick Grayson's perspective. This makes the series feel smaller than it should. The premise alone could warrant 12 issues at least, maybe even an ongoing.
However, Kyle Higgins was very smart to focus so heavily on Dick Grayson as a complex character here. Because, despite their intentions, actions, and desires that have led them to help create a police state, he's still Dick Grayson. He's funny and upbeat yet serious when they need to be. They try to lead by example, and hopes for the best even when they know he's going to let someone down. This creates a lot more pathos and complexity in our protagonist, because the reader still hopes that deep down he'll become the Nightwing fans know and love again. They aren't just an evil mastermind now, but rather the result of a life filled with very difficult decisions.
The Final Say
Some iffy art, narrative choices, and a small scope keep this from being an ultimate must-buy, but the premise is strong and there's a lot of emotional intelligence here. If you're at all curious then you should check this out. It has potential to be a very thought provoking and intriguing series. Give it a shot, it's absolutely worth talking about.
But, if that isn't enough for you, at least Dick Grayson's ass still looks great.
1971 studio album by ZZ Top
ZZ Top's First Album is the debut studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top. It was produced by manager Bill Ham, and was released on January 16, 1971, on London Records. Establishing their attitude and humor, ZZ Top incorporated boogie, hard rock, and Southern rock influences into their sound. Thematically, the album is lively, playful and at times brash, filled with the band's personal experiences and sexual innuendos that became central to the group's image. Seeking inspiration from Fleetwood Mac, ZZ Top began recording the album at Robin Hood Studios in Tyler, Texas. Only one single was released from the album and failed to appear on the Billboard charts.
In 1987, this album was remixed for CD release. In 2013, the original vinyl mix was released on HD Tracks in high-resolution digital download formats.[1] The original mix of the album was released on CD in June 2013 as part of the box set The Complete Studio Albums (1970–1990).[2] In October 2017 a 180 gram vinyl edition of the album was released, using the original mix.
Reception [ edit ]
AllMusic retrospectively gave it 3 stars, stating: "ZZ Top's First Album may not be perfectly polished, but it does establish their sound, attitude, and quirks."[3]
Singles [ edit ]
The only single released from the album was "(Somebody Else Been) Shakin' Your Tree" (b/w "Neighbor, Neighbor") on London Records (release number 45-138).
Track listing [ edit ]
Side two No. Title Writer(s) Length 1. "Neighbor, Neighbor" Gibbons 2:18 2. "Certified Blues" Gibbons, Beard, Ham 3:25 3. "Bedroom Thang" Gibbons 4:37 4. "Just Got Back from Baby's" Gibbons, Ham 4:07 5. "Backdoor Love Affair" Gibbons, Ham 3:20 Total length: 35:16
Personnel [ edit ]
ZZ Top [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Producer – Bill Ham
You can make your census search even easier by starting a FREE family tree with us. As you add your best guesses of names and dates for your ancestors, we'll automatically search for them in our records and give you helpful hints to get you started.
Your next step should be to search our birth, marriage and death indexes .
Repeat the process all the way back to 1841. As you go, you'll add dozens of names to your family tree, and gain a real understanding of how their individual lives – and the family group as a whole – changed over time.
Anyone who was over 10 years old in 1901 will probably also be in the 1891 Census . If you've found young adults, try searching for them as children 10 years earlier. They'll probably be living with their parents, giving you another generation for your family tree.
When you find the right person, click on "View Image" to see the historical record. Alongside fascinating details such as their address and occupation, you'll notice that everyone else in the household is listed. Scan the names to see who else you may be related to.
It's usually easiest to start with our most recent census . You only need to know your ancestor's name, but it will help us find the right record if you can at least guess at a "Birth Year" and "Lived In Location".
Because a census was taken every ten years, you can often trace ancestors from record to record, tracking key changes in their lives. Here's how to make the most of the UK census collections:
Census records are the perfect way to take your first trip into your ancestors' historical world. They list everybody who was in each household on census day, so you can quickly and easily add more names to your family tree. Plus, they provide fascinating details such as occupations and relationships, which let you build a vivid picture of what your relatives' lives were like through the years.
Irish census records have been decimated over the years, as they were first shredded by the Government, then burned in the Civil War. We have some great substitutes that you can use that are similar to censuses to trace your Irish family, including an index to a large 19th-century survey known as Griffith's Valuation.
Unfortunately, we're unable to provide images of the original records for Scotland. However, we give you full transcriptions, so you can search for members of your family just as you would in the English returns, and see all the details for each household, including other family members.
We have a complete set of census records for Scotland from 1841 to 1901. If you have ancestors in Scotland, you'll discover similar details in the returns for each year to their counterparts around the rest of Britain.
The most exciting difference with the 1911 Census is you can see the original household schedules your ancestors filled in - with all previous censuses, you're looking at forms completed by enumerators. This means you can read your relatives' details in their own handwriting, and often see personal comments - one housewife gave their occupation as "slave to the family!"
This census shows changing working habits, as it includes information on whether your ancestors were working at home. There are also more details about the condition and size of their houses.
The census became even more detailed in 1891, so there's more to discover about your ancestors. Everyone was specifically asked whether they were employed, while those in Wales specified whether they spoke Welsh. You can also see how many rooms were occupied in each house.
The 1881 Census provides the same comprehensive details as 1871. We offer this census as a free index, which means anyone can search for their relatives and see transcriptions of the information for free. To see images of the original records, you'll need to become a World Deluxe member.
This census builds on the added detail from 1861. The only extra column concerns your ancestors' health, as they were asked to note down any serious medical conditions.
The details in this record are very similar to the 1851 Census - although obviously they show a changing population. The only question that was added for each person was their marital status. You can also see whether or not each house was inhabited.
There were several important changes for this census, giving you more crucial details about your ancestors' lives. You'll find their correct ages, plus birthplaces, occupations and relationships to the head of the house (such as son, daughter or spouse). You can also discover if an ancestor was blind, deaf or dumb.
This is the first UK census that lists your ancestors by name. It tells you their addresses and whether they were born in the country they were living in. You'll also find approximate ages, rounded down to the nearest five years.
As the UK national censuses have developed over time, people have been asked for more information about their lives. So, while the general idea behind the records remains the same, the specific details that you can pick out about your ancestors change through the decades.
There's always more to discover...
Census records are great for quickly and easily gathering names for your family tree. But they're far more than just lists of people. However long you've been looking into your family history, these rich resources can still bring to light some incredible stories and surprising revelations.
Lost wealth Holly Bowman was thrilled to find their 2x great-grandfather, William Cooper in the 1891 Census, as the head of a huge household in Mayfair, London. Not only was William described as "Living on their own means" – a sure sign of an upper class gent – but their staff included a housekeeper, a butler, six maids, two footmen, a houseboy and a cook! "I had no idea they were so wealthy," said Holly. "I don't know where all the money went – I've never seen a penny of it!" See Holly's record
Brush with fame Daniel Dury experienced the excitement of discovering their ancestors living next door to one of the most famous scientists of all time. Daniel's 3x great-uncle William – a police officer – and their young family were recorded in the 1881 Census next to Charles Darwin – just a year before the naturalist's death. Daniel enthused: "William was there at the top of the page, I scanned down, and there it was: Charles Robert Darwin! I love thinking of them chatting over the fence and borrowing cups of sugar!" See Daniel's record
Black Sheep Andrea Elliot assumed their ancestor, Julia Soady, had simply been unlucky in love – until the 1881 Census revealed a story of crime and deceit. It turned out Julia's husband was in jail – and they had committed bigamy! "I knew Julia had married a new man, as this is where my family came from," Andrea explained. "I assumed their previous husband had died, but there they were on the Census, alive and well in Walton Gaol!" See Andrea's record
Roots abroad Rachel Hemelryk's emotional census discoveries revealed where their roots lie, plus when and why their ancestors made the journey to Britain. Rachel took us through their research: "My exciting breakthrough came in the 1901 Census . There was my great-grandfather, Paulus Eduard Josephus Hemelryk, listed with the birthplace "Holland." They were working as a cotton broker in Lancashire – they brought the family over to benefit from the boom in the cotton industry during the Industrial Revolution." See Rachel's record
Bernie Sanders has all but conceded the nomination. But on Friday, he'll return to the campaign trail to put on one of their signature “A Future to Believe In” rallies.
The event will be held in support of New York congressional candidate Eric Kingson. Sanders himself, however, will be effectively headlining — and their staff will be building the rally, covering the bulk of the costs, and assembling the crowd.
The campaign announced the rally as an official “Bernie Sanders: A Future to Believe In” event, “featuring Congressional Candidate Eric Kingson.”
Presidential campaigns typically give a boost to down-ballot candidates in key states, offering introductory speaking slots and opportunities to serve in a surrogate capacity. But the Sanders rally is an unlikely use of campaign resources for a presidential contender who has already run the course of this year's primary contests — and has admitted that "it doesn't appear" he'll be the nominee.
A Sanders spokesperson did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Kingson, the congressional candidate, is a Sanders-style progressive running in a June 28 primary against two other Democrats, including the preferred party choice, Colleen Deacon, backed by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. The district, New York's 24th, encompasses the city of Syracuse.
The 70-year-old professor and Social Security advocate received an endorsement from Sanders on June 7 — the day of the last major Democratic presidential primaries — when the Vermont senator sent a campaign fundraising email on behalf of Kingson and another progressive candidate, Paul Clements of Michigan.
Sanders has stated repeatedly that down-ballot candidates will be key to continuing their movement. "This campaign has never been about any single candidate," they said last week in a live-streamed online address to supporters, delivered from their home base in Burlington, Vermont. "It is always about transforming America."
A campaign source confirmed that the Friday event in Syracuse would be a "Future to Believe In" rally — meaning it will be the Sanders campaign, not Kingson's, that will organize it as they would any presidential event, renting the space, building the crowd, and promoting the rally with supporters in the area.
The rally offers a snapshot of a Sanders campaign held in abeyance: Since losing to Clinton in the June 7 California primary, Sanders has broadcast no clear signal to their supporters as to whether he'll drop out of the race before the convention, where the senator has said he'll wage a high-profile fight for a progressive party platform.
Sanders and Clinton met last week for more than 90 minutes. But for weeks now, they and their aides have maintained the posture of a candidate still in competition.
Although they have laid off hundreds of staffers, Sanders maintains a bare-bones campaign infrastructure: They still receive protection from the U.S. Secret Service at a cost to taxpayers, and still relies on a trimmed-down staff in addition to their Senate office aides. Revolution Messaging, the firm that spearheaded Sanders' digital strategy and helped build their typically massive crowds at rallies, is still on the payroll — in addition to several top aides and an advance staff for events.
On Thursday, one night before their rally with Kingson, Sanders is slated to appear in Manhattan to deliver a speech their campaign titled "Where We Go From Here."
 They are expected to outline their plans in more specific terms than they did last week, when they vowed to continue their "political revolution" in the live-streamed address to supporters. In that speech, Sanders underscored the danger of a Donald Trump presidency and said he'll begin working to defeat Trump "in a very short time."
On Wednesday, in an interview with C-SPAN's Steve Scully, Sanders went further, acknowledging the end of the Democratic primary. "It doesn't appear that I'm going to be the nominee," they said to a question about their role in the convention.
"What our job is now is to have them listen to what millions of people in this country who supported me want to see happen. We'll see how that evolves.”
On a hot summers day a trip on the tube to get home can be a dreaded experience, with already hot trains overflowing with sweaty people. But how did we get to a situation where tube trains are stiflingly hot, and what's being done about it?
A talk given by London Underground's Head of Station Systems Engineering, Sharon Duffy, looked into the challenges the tube faces in keeping cool during the summer.
The “tube” can be split into two types of service — the tube proper which runs through tube tunnels, and the older sub-surface lines which are just below street level (pedants get very upset when sub-surface lines are called tube trains).
The older sub-surface tunnels were built for steam trains, so had loads of big holes in the ground included in the design to deal with removing smoke, and they are also much larger than tube tunnels. This has allowed the London Underground to fit air-conditioning units to its new fleet of sub-surface trains (S Stock), and as anyone who uses them appreciates, it's a boon on hot days to get onto a cool train.
The heat from the air conditioning units is easily vented away when the trains are underground thanks to the pre-existing steam train ventilation.
The deep tube tunnels
However, it's the deep level tube tunnels that cause the biggest problems for both passengers suffering the heat, and London Underground in getting rid of it.
The deep level tunnels suffer a number of problems which are individually a nuisance, but collectively add up to show why there is such a huge problem cooling the Underground.
One of the biggest problems is a side-effect of what made it possible to dig the deep level tunnels in the first place — namely the very solid and nice to tunnel through London Clay which sits under the city.
In fact, when the early tube tunnels were dug, they were so cool down there that the cool tube was seen as a respite from the summer heat on the surface. Why suffer on a bus in the heat when there's a cool tube to take instead, said the marketing men.
So why is the Bakerloo line, once the coolest place to be, now a mobile sauna?
While that heavy thick clay is lovely to tunnel through, it is also a heat insulator.
Over the years, the heat from the trains soaked into the clay to the point where it can no longer absorb any more heat. Tunnels that were a mere 14 degrees Celsius in the 1900s can now have air temperatures as high as 30 degrees Celsius on parts of the tube network.
Where does the heat come from?
Well, the passengers aren't the problem. All those hot sweaty bodies represent roughly 2 percent of the heat in the tunnels.
Climate change is also not much of a problem. It's an impact, but the tunnel temperatures are not much affected by what's happening up on the surface. During a heat wave in 2006, as the surface temperatures jumped around, the tunnels were pretty much constant.
About 21% of the heat in the tunnels comes from the movement of the trains themselves, from aerodynamic drag and other frictional losses. The motor engines account for 15%, the electrical and auxiliary systems are the remaining 12%.
About half the heat in the tunnels though comes from just one source –from the trains slowing down — the conversion of movement into heat by applying the brakes.
So it can be seen that cutting the heat from applying the brakes is where the biggest win would be, and indeed, the use of regenerative braking now converts about half the heat loss back into electricity. However, that can only work where trains are accelerating and braking at the same time, on the same electricity sub-station loop.
Experiments have been underway to improve that by use of an inverting substation, supplied by Alstom, which can send unused power from braking trains back into the national grid.
Removing the heat
Anyone who has stood on the platforms will know that as the trains approach, there's a blast of wind. This is intentional, as the trains act as air pistons in the small tunnels, and the effect of pushing air ahead and sucking air from behind soaks away about 11 percent of the heat in the tunnels.
So when you curse as your paper flaps in the wind, think about the cooling benefits as well.
Mechanical ventilation removes about 10 percent of the heat — that's the big ventilation shafts that line the tunnels.
The older tunnels weren't built with a lot of ventilation, as it wasn't thought to be necessary — after all it's difficult to argue that tunnels will get hot when standing in a tunnel that's cool enough that you need to wear a jumper.
By the time the Victoria line came along, the engineers were very well aware of the problem and it was built with considerably more ventilation shafts than older tunnels would have been supplied with.
Although it varies depending on location, in general cooler air is sucked down through the stations, and then ventilation shafts in the tube tunnels sucks out the hot air.
In two locations, they've added water chillers to the intake to further cool the air down. Some of you might have noticed the shockingly cold air flow on the eastbound platform at St Paul's tube station.
Air is taken in through an old lift shaft, cooled down, then pumped down to the platforms. A similar design was recently installed between Blackhorse Road and Walthamstow Central on the Victoria line.
Ventilation isn't just about cooling though. On newer networks, such as Crossrail, they also act as smoke control systems should the worst happen in a tunnel. During a fire, the shafts can in places reverse flow, to blow smoke in a preferred direction. The aim being that people walking down a tunnel walk towards a fan blowing fresh air down the tunnel, while the smoke is sucked away behind them.
Over the past few years, 14 of the Victoria line shafts have been upgraded, and 50 fans across the network have had their airflow doubled, with 10 out-of-action fans brought back into use.
Despite that, fully 79 percent of the heat in the tunnels is left to soak into the surrounding clay, which is already at or near its limit thanks to decades of absorbing heat.
The difficulty of adding more ventilation is the lack of space above ground to put new ventilation shafts. This is always going to be a problem for the older tube tunnels except on rare occasions when a surface development takes place at just the right location and agreements can be made to include a shaft down to the Underground.
It's not just the cost of adding the new shafts and the running costs of all the electricity, but ventilation shafts also need sound attenuators to reduce the noise levels, both at the surface, but also in the tunnels so that people aren't deafened by the noise.
People tend to be wary of having a new ventilation shaft in their neighbourhood, even though the aim is to keep the volume level to that equivalent to background city noise.
Even if new shafts are installed, at the moment they represent just 10% of the heat removed from the tunnels, so you can imagine how many extra shafts would be needed to remove a meaningful amount. So much land above the tunnels would be needed that you might as well just have a surface railway.
Other ideas
There are other ideas. You've probably seen the blue fans in some stations, and while technically they don't do anything to remove heat (in fact, at an imperceptible level, they raise it), the air flow movement over human bodies helps evaporate sweat and that cools our own bodies.
Cooling the tube is as much about comfort as it is about actual lowering of temperature, so the evaporative effect caused by the fans makes us feel more comfortable, even if there's no net temperature benefit.
Cooling the tube is also about safety, and one of the key measures used by London Underground is how long people can be stuck in a tunnel on a broken down train before suffering from the heat.
In 2001, more than 600 people needed heat shock treatment after being evacuated from three trains that were stuck on the Victoria line. So one way of reaching that safety measure is to stop trains breaking down. Indeed, it's now almost unheard of for people to be evacuated through tunnels on foot. Reducing journey times and cutting delays means less time spent on a hot train, and that is indirectly a way of making the journey if not more pleasant, as least, less of an ordeal.
Elsewhere, they've been using cool ground water to cool some of the stations. An experiment at Victoria station was the first, as water from the River Tyburn was used to cool the air in the station. This was only an experiment, but at Green Park, a permanent version was installed in 2012.
There, five boreholes were drilled deep down into the ground, and here cool water is sucked up to the surface, used to cool a separate water supply which is pumped down to cool the platforms, and the warmed ground water is also pumped back into the ground.
The ground water isn't directly used to cool the tunnels, as it needed to be kept in an isolated system to prevent any accidental contamination. Over the next 60 years though, they expect the ground water in the area to warm by a couple of degrees.
This is also a bit of an issue, as heat has to go somewhere, and generally at the moment it is dumped outside, mainly vented to the atmosphere. Much better would be to reuse the heat so that someone else doesn't need to make their own heat.
An experiment in Islington is trying that very thing using heat from the tube tunnels to warm up a municipal heating service provided to a housing estate. The advantage of this scheme is that it can remove heat in winter when it's needed above ground. It may seem mildly annoying that surface users don't want heat in summer when you'd think the tunnels are at their most oppressive, but in fact removing heat in winter helps during the summer.
If the clay surrounding the tunnel can be cooled in winter, it has more capacity to absorb heat in the summer.
As it happens, at this particular trial, the fans can also be reversed so that during the summer months, they can suck cool night time air down into the tunnels as well.
So that's one use for the heat, another is to turn the heat back into electricity. This is already happening to a degree with the regenerative braking, but heat in the tunnels may be removable through pipes, and then used in Trigeneration plants to generate electricity.
This would be not just useful for cooling the tunnels, but as the generators need to be local to the heat source, it also meets a Mayoral proposal for more local electricity generation in London to reduce risks of power outages from National Grid problems.
Trigeneration also has the curious ability to use heat to fuel absorption refrigeration systems, so providing cool water, which in turn can be pumped down to stations to cool them.
The issue is whether such schemes not just work, but are also cost-effective.
Something which has been built into Crossrail station designs, and where possible may be retrofitted to some London Underground stations is under platform air systems.
Knowing that more than half the heat in the tunnels comes from the brakes and motors, blowing cool air onto them when they are in the stations, or sucking away hot air, will help reduce the heat dumped into the tunnels when the trains leave the stations.
The warm air is them removed from the station by ventilation systems.
Ice cubes
And of course, there's the ice cubes experiment.
Most of the tube tunnels have above ground sections, so a hybrid idea is to use air conditioning in the trains when above ground, and while above ground to cool a block of “phase change media”, or water to you and me, into an ice pack. When underground, the heat that would be dumped in the tunnels is absorbed by the ice-pack until it has returned to water.
Whether this can be viable is still being looked at, bearing in mind that they already struggle to fit air conditioning units into tube trains, finding space for the ice blocks is going to be even more of a headache. And not to forget that the extra weight means more energy needed to drive the trains, driving up running costs.
The future
As can be seen, even with all the planned upgrades, it's never going to be viable to remove all of the heat from the tunnels, so the aim going forward is to stop the heat getting in there in the first place.
The specifications for the New Tube for London not only include squeezing some sort of air-conditioning units into the carriages, but much more importantly, they need to consume a lot less energy in the first place.
Lighter trains, with the ability to coast unpowered for longer with less energy consumed means less heat dumped into the tunnels.
The future of the cooling the tube project will be judged not so much by how they cool the hot tunnels, but by how they stop tunnels becoming hot in the first place.
—
This article is based, in part on a lecture given at The Institution of Engineering and Technology by Sharon Duffy, Head of Station Systems Engineering, LU Crossrail and Stations. It was organised by the IET's railway group.
Sometimes you hear great stories at preview events. Like how at the THQ thing yesterday, I was talking to journalist to the stars Paul Semel right after the Gary Busey videos for Saint's Row 2 aired, and they said something approximating the following:
"I was interviewing them once and asked him, what's the craziest thing you ever snorted cocaine off of? They couldn't think of anything, but afterwards their publicist called me and said, you know that question? And I thought, oh man, they want me to pull the question. But no, they said that Gary remembered they had a better answer for me."
Here's what ran in Maxim:
What was the freakiest thing you ever snorted blow off of when you were a prominent coke fiend? I came home one day, took off my windbreaker, and three bindles of cocaine fell to the floor. Well, my dog, Chili, who has short hair, came in and laid on their back with their legs in the air, and they rubbed all my cocaine on their back and side. I yelled, "No, Chili! No" So I got a straw, and I started brushing their hair and snorting where I saw cocaine. Back, butt, side – not a spot was left. It took me 25 minutes to snort all the cocaine the dog had on their coat. The fringe benefits of this were that the fleas, the dog hair, the mud, and the sweat went in my nose, too. It's not a good flavor coming off the dog.
Two more* Saint's Row 2* teaser videos starring the legendary actor and former prominent coke fiend can be found all over the Internet today.
Image courtesy THQ
Melissa Schuman, a former member of the all-girl pop group Dream, has claimed in an extraordinary and detailed blog posting that the Backstreet Boys singer Nick Carter raped them at their apartment in 2002.
Schuman says they were 18 at the time and a virgin, while Carter was 22. When they told them to stop, saying they were “saving herself” for their husband, they allegedly replied, “I could be your husband.”
The singer said they were inspired to come forward with their story after being horrified by trolls victim-shaming a fan who claimed to have been assaulted by Carter, saying, “Victim shaming is a core reason why victims don't speak out.”
Schuman said they first became aware of Carter's interest in them after their representatives set up a phone call in the hopes that they would date, though nothing came of the plan.
A few years later, they say they encountered Carter again professionally and was invited back to their apartment, where they claim they took them to a locked bathroom and performed oral sex on them despite them asking them repeatedly to stop—before demanding they do the same to him.
“He was stronger and much bigger than me, and there was no way I would be able to open that door or have anyone help me... My friend couldn't help me, I didn't even know where they are. So when they placed my hand on their penis my thought was the only way to get out was to get them to finish what they had started,” Schuman wrote.
“That's where I saw myself, my reflection, watching myself do something that I was sickened by. Watching myself be assaulted, forced to engage in an act against my will,” they continued. “Same as before their appetite was still not satisfied and now took me to the bedroom. It was late. The apartment was now dark and all you could hear was the remaining music in the living room. They threw me on the bed and climbed on top of me. Again, I told them that I was a virgin and I didn't want to have sex. I told them that I was saving myself for my future husband. I said it over and over again.”
“He whispered in my ear as if to entice me, ‘I could be your husband.'”
“He was relentless, refusing to take my no's for an answer. They were heavy, too heavy to get out from under him. Then I felt it, they put something inside of me.”
“ Who the hell wants to be famous for being raped? ” — Melissa Schuman
“I asked them what it was and they whispered in my ear once more, ‘It's all me, baby.'”
“It was done. The one thing I had held as a virtue had been ruined. I went limp, turned my head to my left and decided I would just go to sleep now. I wanted to believe it was some sort of nightmare I was dreaming up.”
Carter was previously accused of domestic abuse by their ex-girlfriend Paris Hilton, and was arrested for battery last year following a Florida bar brawl.
In a twist of fate, several years after the alleged rape, Schuman signed with Carter's friend and manager Kenneth Crear.
Crear set up a showcase for Schuman with a major label and one of the songs, they claim, “was a duet with my abuser. We never recorded together. They had pre-recorded their part and I went in and recorded mine. Again, what was I supposed to do? I couldn't tell my manager that their best friend had raped me so I won't record this song.”
“I tried to justify that maybe something good to come out of something very bad. Maybe this song might help me get signed as a solo artist and I could move on and put everything behind me. Kenneth asked my abuser if they would be willing to sing the duet with me live at my showcase and they agreed.”
“I wasn't surprised that they did. They knew this way I couldn't avoid them anymore.”
Schuman added, “I never did another showcase again after that and I quickly lost interest in pursuing a career as a recording artist.”
“I was broken.”
“I was tired.”
“I was traumatized.”
“I told my therapist. I told my family. I told my friends. I have a plethora of people who can attest that I eventually became open vocal about my experience, I've just never had the platform to come out publicly.”
“When the news broke about the gross accusations of Harvey Weinstein, many of my friends and family asked me if I wanted to come forward with my story.”
“I said no.”
“So many years later, the idea of reliving and re-writing the events that were traumatic, something that I have worked so diligently to heal from is painful. I did however promise that if another victim ever came forward I would then feel the responsibility to show my support by sharing my story.”
Schuman then relayed a message to the anonymous woman who accused Carter of sexual assault, and was subsequently lambasted online: “Victim shaming is a core reason why victims don't speak out. The last comment is exactly what keeps victims, like myself, from ever speaking out.”
“The victim remains unnamed and I can't blame them I can't help but feel empathy for them as well as be sickened by the lack of belief and support. There is nothing worse than being victimized and having others call you a liar. Or claim you are looking for 15 minutes of fame.”
“Let me ask this simple question. Who the hell wants to be famous for being raped?”
“I certainly don't want to be ‘known' for this. I never wanted anybody to know about my story. I wanted to lock it in a box in my mind and let the memories slowly suffocate as time went on.”
“I feel I have an obligation now to come forward with the hope and intention to inspire and encourage other victims to tell their story. We are stronger in numbers. If you are reading this and you have been assaulted, know you don't have to be silent and you are not alone. I know it's scary. I'm scared.”
“I believe you. I stand with you and together I hope we can bring light to things that have been lost in the darkness for so long.”
Schuman signed off their post with the hashtag that has become shorthand for solidarity among victims of sexual assault: “#MeToo.”
August Schnee was troubled. They sat in a chair in the far corner of the room, but even here they couldn't avoid the idiots in their family trying schmoose there way into their good graces. But that wasn't what was troubling him. It was the look that, in recent years, had been permanently set on their daughters face. It seemed to start the day they told about the marriage arrangement they had set up between Wiess and the son of a competing company. It had made Schnee dust the only name in both dust mining and advanced technology. But it seemed to have cost their daughter dearly.
They never smiled. They only sat there, a near permanent frown etched upon their beautiful face, and it hurt. It hurt to see them so sad, just like it hurt to see them crying after every lecture they gave them about being perfect for their families company when they were growing up. They regretted it each night afterwards, in their bed when it was just him, their sleeping wife, and their thoughts. They didn't mean to make them cry, but they always managed to come up with an excuse for why they needed to be lectured. They didn't mean to demand perfection, they knew it was impossible, and the Wiess tried harder than anyone they had ever seen to achieve it. But what did they give them for their efforts? An undoubtedly unwanted husband and another lecture about how they needed to produce an heir. But little did they know they would soon have a chance to make things right, when a beautiful blonde and their faunus wife marched onto the gala entrance, an angry frown etched upon them face.
Gavin Dingman, 11, of Oceola Township bagged a rare 12-point albino deer last week, using a crossbow while hunting with their father, Mick Dingman. (Photo: Family photo )
It was a rare occurrence: A 12-point albino buck was shot with a crossbow by an 11-year-old hunter.
The act, perfectly legal according to Michigan Department of Natural Resources deer program specialist Brent Rudolph, has caused a lot of backlash for sixth-grade Hartland student Gavin Dingman and their father.
The story, reported Sunday in the Daily Press & Argus, went viral this week. It was listed as one of USAToday.com's the most popular stories.
The story was carried by the New York Daily News, Patch.com and Examiner.com. Outdoor websites including OutdoorHub and fieldandstream.com carried the story.
Overseas, the story ran in England's Daily Mail and Australia's news.com.au.
And readers reacted posting comments, many negative, to those stories. USA Today's story drew more than 3,700 comments. More than 500 posted comments on the Press & Argus website.
Some say shame on the boy's parents for allowing them to kill such a "rare and beautiful" creature.
Others congratulated Dingman on their trophy animal.
Jordan Browne, a host on Michigan Out-of-Doors Television, was quoted on Patch.com as saying they knew the story would blow up as soon as they posted it.
"I was surprised mainly by the personal attacks on an 11-year-old kid they have no association with. When you look at their picture, they look like the sweetest kid," Browne told Patch.
Whatever the viewpoint, the DNR has seen it as an "opportunity for public dialogue," Rudolph said, posting a message to its Facebook page Wednesday, to "add some clarity" regarding Dingman's harvest.
Albino and exotic, all-white deer have been legal to hunt in Michigan since 2008, when the state lifted protection of the creatures, Rudolph said. The purpose of lifting the protection was to clear up confusion for hunters, they said.
Gavin Dingman, 11, of Oceola Township bagged a rare 12-point albino deer last week, using a crossbow while hunting with their father, Mick Dingman. (Photo: Family photo )
It's difficult to determine from a distance whether or not a deer is albino, all white or piebald — a white deer with some brown markings. The state also considered the possibility of all-white, exotic deer escaping from facilities. Protecting those deer would "exacerbate" the possible spread of disease, Rudolph said.
"We recognize there is an intense public interest in albino deer, as they do stand out quite a bit," they said. "There is no biological reason to protect the genetic trait that causes a deer to be all-white or albino."
Several hunters in the Dingman family's Oceola Township neighborhood had been trying to capture the deer. Mick Dingman, the boy's father, said their son felt like a "rock star" after having shot it while hunting with their dad. The family plans to have a taxidermist create a full-body mount of the deer.
Mick Dingman has not returned messages from the Daily Press & Argus since Tuesday.
But Mick Dingman reportedly told OutdoorHub, "we've had death threats and everything else that you can imagine."
"There is no indication anything was done wrong in this situation," Rudolph said. "We just ask that the public respect the decisions individual hunters make."
The rareness of albino deer aren't known for sure. Some biologists claim they're born once in about 20,000 births. Others claim only one in 100,000 deer is born albino.
Contact Daily Press & Argus reporter Amanda Whitesell at 517-552-2847 or at awhitesell@gannett.com. Follow them @MandyWhitesell on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: https://www.livingstondaily.com/story/news/local/community/livingston-county/2014/10/23/rare-albino-deer-michigan/17785825/
The spread of minting in Iberia from the fifth century BC to the first century AD (known and likely locations)
The history of ancient Iberian coinage begins as early as the fifth century BC, but widespread minting and circulation in the Iberian peninsula did not begin until late in the third century, during the Second Punic War. Civic coinages - emissions made by individual cities at their own volition - continued under the first two and a half centuries of Roman control until ending in the mid-first century AD. Some non-civic coins were minted on behalf of Roman emperors during this period and continued to be minted after the cessation of the civic coinages. After the cessation of the civic coinages, these Imperial coins were the only coins minted in Iberia until the coins of the Suebi and Visigoths.
Ancient Iberia was connected to the eastern and central Mediterranean, and so there are links to the Greek, Roman and Punic (Carthaginian) civic coinages. Yet there are also many points of difference that reflect dynamics within Iberia itself.
The colonial background: 6th century BC to the Second Punic War (-218 BC) [ edit ]
O: Head Arethusa right, Sicilian style, with three dolphins. R: Pegasus right, legend in Greek: 'ΕΜΠΟΡΙΤΩΝ' (Emporion). Silver drachma of Emporion, 241-218 BC, CNH 20:15
Small numbers of coins minted in other parts of the Mediterranean had circulated along the eastern coast of Spain perhaps from the sixth century, with an uptick from the fourth century. These coins were part of a colonial frontier economy in which indigenous towns traded wines, ceramics and finished goods primarily for raw materials: precious metals, wood, food products and perhaps slaves. Some coins may also have been earned by Iberian mercenaries fighting overseas.
Throughout the western Mediterranean, new coinage traditions appear around the 4th century. Non-Greek cities in the Italian Peninsula (including Rome) begin minting in the 4th and early 3rd century. Carthage minted from the mid-4th century, as with the Greek tradition following earlier emissions from Phoenician colonies in Sicily. In the north of the Iberian peninsula, the Massiliote colonies of Emporion and Rhode minted mainly silver coins from the mid-fifth and late fourth centuries, respectively. Further to the south, the Phoenician colonies of Ebusus and Gadir minted bronze coins from the second half of the fourth and early third centuries, respectively. Additionally, the prominent Iberian town of Arse (Roman Saguntum) minted bronze and silver coins from the middle of the fourth century.
Within Iberian society, wealth could take a variety of forms, sometimes regionally specific. The discovery of mixed hoards containing coins, jewellery and precious metal bullion suggests that coins were being used as part of a range of ways to store, display and exchange wealth. For example, a late fifth century hoard found in a wall in the Iberian town of Puig de la Nau contained four gold earrings, a gold stud, a silver bracelet and a silver coin from Emporion. In many such hoards, some of the silver has been cut into small pieces, which can be related to finds of weights and scales and suggests that this metal circulated as a form of 'proto-money'.
Second Punic War (218-205 BC in Iberia) [ edit ]
O: Male head right. R: Two-headed horse, legend in Iberian: 'SIKARA'. Silver tetartamorion, Second Punic War
Part of the Second Punic War was fought in the Iberian Peninsula and coins were used by combatants on all sides. This led to a widespread and dramatic increase in the number of places where coins were minted and the amount of coin in circulation.
To fund their war effort, the Carthaginians minted gold, electrum, silver and bronze coins. These coins may have been minted in the Barcid 'capital' of Carthago Nova or perhaps were minted simply in Carthaginian military camps. In addition to these coins and those of Gadir and Ebusus, Phoenician colonies along the south coast such as Malaka and Sexi also minted bronze coins.
Along the east coast and particularly in the northeast a great number of towns minted silver drachmas. Some of these coins imitate the drachmas of Emporion or Massalia, while others have Iberian legends, a few of which can be related to towns or peoples but many of which are unknown or illegible. This silver coinage is generally seen as minted by the pro-Roman side, particularly as little Roman coin seems to have reached the Peninsula given the concurrent fighting in the Italian Peninsula. But given the fluid situation of the war, particularly in the early years, some of these emissions may have been minted to aid the Carthaginian cause.
Republican coinage (190s-72 BC) [ edit ]
O: Male head right, with dolphin and 'S'. R: Horseman (jinete) right with spear, legend in Iberian: 'BILBILIS'. Iberian bronze 'jinete' aes or single unit, late 2nd-early 1st century BC, cf. CNH 238:2
After this war, and the subsequent Roman annexation of much of the Peninsula, many indigenous towns and a few Roman colonial towns minted civic coins over the second and early first centuries. The main catalogue for these coins is the Corpus nummum hispaniae ante Augusti aetatem (CNH) but see also the more recent Diccionario de cecas y pueblos hispánicos. The indigenous towns in Hispania Citerior minted coins with Iberian scripts and either Iberian or Celtiberian legends. These coins were often typologically similar, with a heroic male portrait on the obverse and a horseman on the reverse - the so-called "jinete" (horseman) coins. The areas in which coins were minted and circulating expanded as Roman control was spread into the interior of the Peninsula. The legends and iconography on coins from Hispania Ulterior were more diverse, with Latin legends common but also some Iberian scripts while Punic continued to be used in the old Phoenician colonies along the south coast. Hence although coins from this era are often called Iberian coins, this description does not cover all coins minted during the Republic. Indeed, a smaller number of Roman colonial towns minted in Latin, following Italian and Roman examples more closely. These include Valentia and Toletum. The numbers of towns minting peaked in the last third of the second century and early first century, and then declined rapidly in the early first century, particularly in Hispania Citerior after the end of the Sertorian War.
The purpose of these coins is unclear. They may be related to ad hoc Roman tribute demands or rents on land confiscated by Rome. But the amounts minted are insufficient to represent regular taxation or legionary pay. Widely varying levels of production suggest that the reasons each town minted were diverse. Some coins seem tightly related to particular extractive or productive actitivites, such as mining camps in the south or fish-salting industries along the south coast. As the decision to mint was taken by local communities, and many elements of the legends and iconography seem locally significant, there may have been a strong element of local pride and identity at stake. Once in circulation, Iberian coins predominantly stayed within the region where they were minted although some did travel further afield. The production of many bronze coins and even many fractions as well as high numbers of coins found throughout all different types of site, from large towns to small farms, suggest a wide range of everyday uses.
Late Republican and Julio-Claudian coinage (72 BC-41 AD) [ edit ]
O: Portrait of Augustus right, 'AUGUSTUS DIVI F'. R: Horseman (jinete) right with spear, legend 'BILBILIS'. Provincial bronze aes, reign of Augustus
From around the mid-first century BC, the number of towns emitting coins decreased and Latin legends were standardised throughout the Peninsula. Coins were mainly now emitted by more important towns that had received privileged juridical status from victorious Roman generals in the Civil Wars and then from the new Julio-Claudian emperors Augustus and Tiberius. Many of the coins emitted proclaim the new status of emitting towns as Roman coloniae or municipia, and individual civic iconography was used with strong similarities to that used in other Roman provinces and media. These emissions are conventionally called (Roman) Provincial coins. The main catalogue for these coins is Volume I of the Roman Provincial Coinage (RPC).
A handful of mints in eastern Iberia did attempt to retain the jinete coins with bilingual Iberian and Latin legends, but this did not become popular. The peak of these provincial emissions was under Augustus and Tiberius, and the last 'local' coins were emitted under the emperor Caligula, in the mid-first century AD. This cessation of local coinage in the mid-first century AD was not unique to Hispania but occurred throughout the western Provinces. From that point on the only emissions in Roman Hispania were emissions from a few Imperial mints controlled by the emperor and used for purposes such as legionary pay.
Two main reasons are given for the provincial emissions. Firstly, the new municipia and coloniae wanted to advertise their status and Imperial favour. Secondly, these new constitutional forms came with state expenses. These emissions may have been intended to partly meet such expenses. Once these coins were in circulation, they were likely used in the broad range of roles coins played in Roman monetised economic life.
Gallery [ edit ]
Coins of Hispania Ulterior , 2nd century to early 1st century Bronze aes of Onuba ( Huelva ), early 1st century BC Bronze aes of Gadir ( Cádiz ), unknown date, Punic legend. Linares) Bronze 'Iberian' semis of KASTILO Bronze 'Iberian' aes of IBOLKA ( Porcuna Bronze aes of Orippo (Torre de los Herberos, Seville ), 1st century BC
Coins of Hispania , mid 1st century BC to mid 1st century AD Bronze bilingual aes of SAITI-Saetabis ( Xàtiva ), mid-1st century BC Bronze 'Provincial' aes of Calagurris ( Calahorra ), Julio-Claudian Bronze 'Provincial' aes of Carthago Nova ( Cartagena ), reign of Tiberius Bronze 'Provincial' aes of Caesaraugusta ( Zaragoza ), reign of Caligula Bronze aes of Iulia Traducta Algeciras ), reign of Augustus
See also [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
× SC officer accused of watching porn, performing sex act on themselves in patrol car
CAMDEN, S.C. – A South Carolina police officer is accused of watching pornography and performing a sex act on themselves in their patrol car while on duty.
WIS reported that officer Marshall Lee Hardin II, 41, has been charged with misconduct in office connection to the incident last week.
The Camden police officer is accused of watching porn on their cell phone inside their patrol car and performing a sex act on themselves in the car and in a nearby public restroom.
The suspect has been jailed in the Kershaw County Detention Center. They also face charges of malfeasance, misfeasance, or nonfeasance.
WBTV published the suspect's arrest warrant, which provides more details about the allegations.
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team.
“Click for here for the death penalty”: Are e-petitions a recipe for regression or an extension of democracy?
E-petitions seem like an ingenious way to use technology to enhance democracy and bring important debates into the limelight. However, the fact that the first petition being submitted today regards capital punishment is a cause for concern.
The e-petition, which has been presented by Paul Staines who writes the Guido Fawkes political blog, calls for the return of the death penalty for those guilty of child murder and the murder of police officers.
If any petition is signed by 100,000 or more individuals then a cross-party Commons Backbench Business Committee will decide whether this issue will be debated in the Commons.
Critics have raised concern that the petitions will simply be a way for populist causes célèbres, and this seems to be the case already with the capital punishment campaign.
Initial coverage of the launch of the scheme has been all but totally hijacked by the campaign that seeks the UK to withdraw from international agreements and treaties that prevent the UK from reintroducing capital punishment.
Writing in the Daily Mail, Sir George Young, leader of the House of Commons – who is overseeing the scheme – said: “What else is Parliament for? People have strong opinions and it does not serve democracy well if we ignore them or pretend their views do not exist.”
Perhaps this will be a way for people to bring important causes to public attention but these voices are likely to be dwarfed and drowned out. Those that are likely to gain the most signatures and attention are those that will have the most potential for media excitement.
Legislation that has come into force by the skin of its teeth like the ban on fox-hunting or populist issues with the power to instantly draw interest such as withdrawal from the EU are sure to make an appearance.
Conversely, the fact that the Business Committee will act as a buffer could prevent innovative ideas from being taken seriously, but rather being dismissed as “crazy” – as Sir George has condemned some of the existing positions.
Whilst the scheme gives the illusion of extending democracy its more likely to be instrumentalised by the same old people, on the same old issues. A true extension of democracy would provide support to those groups and individuals representing issues that do not have the same force de frappé.
My first shot at generating an island didn't go well. Here's what it looked like:
I was happy with it, nonetheless, but over the next 24 hours I would go on to learn a whole host of new techniques that would turn my poor excuse for an island into something that actually looked like an island. This post will follow my journey from nothing to something.
My first island used a very simple technique:
Fill a 2D array with a radial gradient Apply perlin noise to the gradient Paint the square based on the value in the cell of the array
This is how we got here.
To fill the 2D array I had kind of figured out my own little algorithm but I was really going about it the wrong way, we'll see the right way later, but my mistakes turned into lessons and we'll have to look at the mistake first to learn the lesson later.
My method was to draw concentric circles around the center of the grid. So to start I needed to find out how one finds a point on a circle, it turns out it's quite simple:
x = centerX + radius * Math.cos(angle); y = centerY + radius * Math.sin(angle);
Where centerX and Y are the center coordinates of the circle.
We then loop this to fill in each point of the circle. So, logically, with 360 degrees in a circle, we want to loop 360 times, with the angle starting at 0 and increasing by 1 each time.
while(angle < 360) { x = centerX + radius * Math.cos(angle); y = centerY + radius * Math.sin(angle); angle++; }
This will draw 360 points that will join up into a circle. The next step is to figure out how to draw a slightly smaller circle. Simple answer: reduce the radius.
radius = 200; maxRadius = 200; while(radius > 0) { while(angle < 360) { x = centerX + radius * Math.cos(angle); y = centerY + radius * Math.sin(angle); array[x][y] = maxRadius - radius; angle++; } angle = 0; radius--; }
This will now draw circles, slowly decreasing inside, towards the center of the array.
The only issue with this algorithm, is that it leaves gaps. When I use the points that I've calculated on I get a gradient that looks like this:
We can see the gaps in here, and when we draw our island it's going to end up leaving gaps.
So when I did draw the island using these values, I was left with lots of little gaps, I then decided that to fix these gaps I would just make the squares that I drew bigger and they'd merge together, but all I got was the original image I tried a few other things like playing with the noise algorithm, thinking maybe that had something to do with it and reducing the increment of my angle based on how large the outer circle was, but didn't have much luck with either. So, I took to the internet and I found a very helpful person, and they taught me the following things.
The first step was to figure out how to generate a gradient without gaps. I was informed that by going pixel by pixel over the array and calculating the distance to the middle, I would get a nice smooth radial gradient without gaps. I had already tried this approach before and I had only received a weird, square shape, that's not what I wanted, but I then read that I had been calculating the manhattan distance to the center with this algorithm:
xDistance = Math.abs(centerX - x); yDistance = Math.abs(centerY - y); distance = xDistance + yDistance;
What I actually needed was the euclidean distance to the center. I was having flashbacks to high school, I had to use Pythagoras, for an actual real life application. I couldn't believe it.
xDistance = Math.pow(Math.abs(centerX - x), 2); yDistance = Math.pow(Math.abs(centerY - y), 2); distance = Math.sqrt(xDistance + yDistance);
This produced a beautifully smooth radial gradient, I was so happy. I had actually spent a good few hours trying to implement a radial gradient and the maths just broke my head for some reason. I just needed to sit down and break the problem down, explain what I was doing to someone and then figure out a track from there.
My nice smooth gradient felt like a huge win, even if it looks like nothing, I was so happy with it.
Now it was time to go back to what we were doing before, we wanted to apply the noise and then draw an island.
First I applied the noise and got this:
Then I culled the edges, basically only drawing cells with values over a certain threshold:
And then finally I added a bit of colour, using the values in the array to decide which colour should be drawn
I finally had something that almost resembled an island. It wasn't quite there but we were getting somewhere finally.
The next few hours were spent playing with my noise algorithm, figuring out how the hell to make it less sharp, and make my island actually look like one contiguous landmass.
All I could do was make the edges more or less noisy. I still just had a flat set of circles, it didn't look much like an island at all. Back to playing with noise.
I finally stumbled on something, this was all a bit of a blur, I was using a perlin noise library and I eventually figured out that if I combined two levels of noise I could make something like this.
It was at this point that someone who had seen my code pointed out that it looked like I was getting my noise pixels incorrectly. Since the noise was in a 1D array and my map was a 2D array, I had to translate that, and I was doing it wrong.
terrain[x][y] -= noise[x * 800 + y]
I was referencing the noise horizontally rather than vertically.
I needed to access it like this:
terrain[x][y] -= noise[y * 600 + x]
It was a simple fix, although I didn't actually implement it as I was far more concerned with something else. Even if I did manage to place it, my island was going to look like a circle still. I needed to distort it somehow.
I continued playing with different layers of noise, and eventually I got this:
That was cool, but I still had a few issues with it:
It was still a circle It still had weird horizontal lines Someone pointed out that it looked really flat
So, since it looked flat I needed to do something about it. The very nice person on the internet who was guiding me this entire time explained that I could implement some shading, so that was the next step.
At this point, I was using a library called PIXI to do my drawing, it took hex values for colour, which was all very well and good, until shading came into the equation. I spent a good few hours struggling with shading, trying to convert between string, ints and hex values and calculate differences between them. It was horrendous, but I finally got somewhere.
I managed to implement a basic shading algorithm, if the cell closer to the light source is ‘higher' up, then the current cell needed to be shaded, and would simply be slightly darker than the normal shade for it's height.
I had also changed my noise algorithm further at this point, so we had a different shape of island.
I then went on to multiply the shade, so the lower it was, the darker it got.
This looked cool, but the lighting on the bright side of the hills looked really flat, so I went a step further and attempted to shade both sides of the hills.
This really didn't look that good at all, it almost looked like plastic. I needed to take a different approach, and dealing with hex values wasn't helping. It had been suggested to me earlier that I ditch the library and just draw with raw JS, and that's exactly what I did.
The next few hours was turmoil, why wouldn't it just work, I didn't understand what was going on, my code was broken, it just wouldn't draw and I didn't even get the slightest hint at an error from my dev console.
for(var x = 0; x < 800; x++) { for(var y = 0; y < 600; y++) { var colour = getColour(terrain[x][y]); imageData[(y * 800 + x) * 4] = colour.r; imageData[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 1] = colour.g; imageData[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 2] = colour.b; imageData[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 3] = colour.a; } } context.putImageData(imageData, 0, 0);
I had virtually copied the code right from the Mozilla docs, but my canvas was not drawing, and I didn't have any errors. I thought I had lost my island. I was so sad, then, suddenly, I noticed something.
I had a line printing into my JS console in Chrome. I had just told my drawing script to print my imageData object. It hit me like a speeding truck:
ImageData object, with data as one of it's members. I needed to access the damn data array, not the object, the simplest change to my code and hours of frustration were suddenly solved:
for(var x = 0; x < 800; x++) { for(var y = 0; y < 600; y++) { var colour = getColour(terrain[x][y]); imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4] = colour.r; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 1] = colour.g; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 2] = colour.b; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 3] = colour.a; } } context.putImageData(imageData, 0, 0);
I finally had values that could be measured on a scale of 0-255 for my colours, and it drew a whole lot faster than before. I was waiting up to 30 seconds for PIXI to draw my islands before, now I was waiting 10 at most.
Time to add shading:
for(var x = 0; x < 800; x++) { for(var y = 0; y < 600; y++) { hillshade = terrain[x][y] - terrain[x - 1][y]; hillshade = 1 + hillshade * 10000; } var colour = getColour(terrain[x][y]); imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4] = colour.r + hillshade; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 1] = colour.g + hillshade; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 2] = colour.b + hillshade; imageData.data[(y * 800 + x) * 4 + 3] = colour.a; } } context.putImageData(imageData, 0, 0);
My other issue was that it still had those weird horizontal lines on it, they were nasty, I needed to fix it. Time to re-think. I ended up finding a new library using a different noise algorithm. I moved over to something called OpenSimplex noise that I had read was quite good and that I should be using over Perlin, so I moved over to that.
Finally, I managed to draw something, with shading, that didn't have horizontal lines and actually looked like it might be an island.
The only thing left annoying me was that the damn thing still looked like a circle.
After fiddling around for a bit I finally figured out that I could change my initial radial gradient into a differently shaped gradient by changing the distance calculations. Instead of figuring out the squared distance of each point I calculated the distance of each point by 2, minus a random number in the range 0 and 2.
That gave me this:
It was an actual island looking thing, and it randomly generated, and it looked awesome. We have reached the end of the journey, I'm going to take this knowledge forward and build out things on top of these islands, and I'm really looking forward to learning more about procedural generation.
This has been a wonderful adventure, and the difference between what I had 24 hours ago and what I have now is astounding.
Advertisements
BY:
President Trump delivered one of the most important speeches of their young presidency on Thursday. Billed as "Remarks to the people of Poland," the address was as clear a statement we've heard of Trump's nation-state populism. This philosophy, which differs in emphasis and approach from that of other post-Cold War Republican presidents, is both enduring and undefined. Reaching as far back as Andrew Jackson, and carrying through, in different ways, William Jennings Bryan, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Spiro Agnew, Ronald Reagan, Ross Perot, Patrick Buchanan, James Webb, and Sarah Palin, the nation-state populist tradition has suffered from its lack of intellectuals, professors, and wordsmiths. But that is beginning to change.
The most important concept in nation-state populism is the people. These are citizens of the folk community, membership in which crosses ethnic, racial, and sectarian lines. Note, for example, Trump's reference to the Nazis' systematic murder of "millions of Poland's Jewish citizens, along with countless others, during that brutal occupation." Or as Trump put it, in a different context, in their Inaugural Address: "Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American flag."
Together, the people constitute the nation. Borders define the nation's physical extent, but not its nature. Indeed, the nation may exist independent of statehood or political sovereignty. "While Poland could be invaded and occupied," Trump said, "and its borders even erased from the map, it could never be erased from history or from your hearts. In those dark days, you had lost your land but you never lost your pride." Nor is the nation always represented in the corridors of power. "Today, we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another," Trump said at the inaugural, "or from one party to another—but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C, and giving it back to you, the American people."
Poland and the United States are among the "free nations" that make up the "civilization" of "the West." And the West is unified, not only by "bonds of culture, faith, and tradition" and "history, culture, and memory," but also by shared values. These include "individual freedom and sovereignty," innovation, creativity, and exploration, meritocracy, "the rule of law," the "right to free speech and free expression," female empowerment, and "faith and family." And, "above all, we value the dignity of every human life, protect the rights of every person, and share the hope of every soul to live in freedom."
Western civilization faces threats. Foremost among them is the heir to Nazism and communism. The "oppressive ideology" of radical Islam, Trump said, "seeks to export terrorism and extremism all around the globe." There are also "powers that seek to test our will, undermine our confidence, and challenge our interests"—namely Russia but also, farther away, China and North Korea. Finally, there is "the steady creep of government bureaucracy that drains the vitality and wealth of the people" and overrides their sovereignty.
How to respond? Material wealth, martial glory, and technological achievement are all necessary to sustain a nation. But they are not sufficient. What matters more, Trump said, is national spirit. In fact, the word "spirit" occurs no fewer than seven times in the address. There are also several mentions of related ideas such as "confidence" and "will."
Trump cited Bishop Michael Kozal, who died in Dachau: "More horrifying than a defeat of arms is a collapse of the human spirit." A nation can endure economic recession, and even military occupation. What it cannot recover from is loss of pride. "As the Polish experience reminds us," Trump said, "the defense of the West ultimately rests not only on means but also on the will of its people to prevail and be successful and get what you have to have."
This lesson raises "the fundamental question of our time":
Do we have the confidence in our values to defend them at any cost? Do we have enough respect for our citizens to protect our borders? Do we have the desire and the courage to preserve our civilization in the face of those who would subvert and destroy it?
What Trump is saying is that the future of the liberal democratic West depends on the non-liberal-democratic institutions from which we derive our values: family and faith. "We can have the largest economies and the most lethal weapons anywhere on Earth, but if we do not have strong families and strong values, then we will be weak and we will not survive." Nor will we survive if we neglect the non-liberal-democratic institutions that enforce liberal-democratic values: the military and police.
Trump doesn't just want victory over ISIS. What they are calling for is nothing less than a reinvigoration of national spirit, of confidence, of pride in America and their allies. "Our own fight for the West does not begin on the battlefield—it begins with our minds, our wills, and our souls."
These are more than remarks to the Poles. They describe a world of sovereign nation-states, governed by peoples proud of their histories and confident in their futures, united in common cause against the enemies of civilization, of freedom and human dignity. And Trump presents a challenge in the form of a question: Are we still made of that stuff that populated a continent, became an industrial powerhouse, went to the moon, and defeated the Kaiser and the Führer and the Emperor and the Politburo? I hope the answer is yes.
Compare to 98 high temperature records, and 141 high minimum temperature records
Quite an imbalance in weather records this week. Even the AGU fall meeting in San Francisco where the best and brightest global warming scientists were meeting was surrounded by record (such as 25F in San Jose Dec 9th) and near record setting low temperatures, though the irony was lost on many of them.
See the map:
Source: NOAA National Weather Service and HamWeather records center
Low Temp: 606 + Low Max temp 1234 + Snowfall 385 = 2225
In other cold and snowy news, the Egyptian capital of Cairo sees snowfall for the first time in 112 YEARS
Here are some other nearby temperatures for December 9th, the first full day of the AGU Fall Meeting:
:REGIONAL TEMPERATURE AND PRECIPITATION TABLE :NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA :430 PM PST MON DEC 09 2013 : :HIGH AND LOW TEMPERATURES PAST 18 HOURS AS OF 4 PM TODAY. :PRECIPITATION PAST 24 HOURS. M=MISSING T=TRACE. .BR SFO 1209 P DH16/TX/TN/PPDRZZ : : ID : LOCATION ELEV : HIGH/ LOW / PP24HR / : :...NORTH BAY... KENC1: KENTFIELD 145 : 46 / 25 / 0.00 / NSHC1: NAPA 35 : 50 / 24 / 0.00 / APC : NAPA ARPT 33 : 49 / 19 / 0.00 / SARC1: SAN RAFAEL 120 : 49 / 29 / 0.00 / STS : SONOMA CNTY ARPT 125 : 35 / 19 / 0.00 / : :...SAN FRANCISCO PENINSULA... HMBC1: HALF MOON BAY 27 : 52 / 34 / 0.00 / RWCC1: REDWOOD CITY 145 : 52 / 27 / 0.00 / SFOC1: SAN FRANCISCO 150 : 51 / 36 / 0.00 / SFO : SAN FRANCISCO ARPT 8 : 52 / 36 / 0.00 / : :...EAST BAY... CWPC1: CONCORD 23 : 48 / 34 / 0.00 / CCR : CONCORD ARPT 23 : 47 / 28 / 0.00 / FETC1: FREMONT 38 : M / M / M / HWD : HAYWARD ARPT 47 : 52 / 28 / 0.00 / LVK : LIVERMORE ARPT 393 : 48 / 27 / 0.00 / OAMC1: OAKLAND 30 : 56 / 34 / 0.00 / OAK : OAKLAND ARPT 86 : 54 / 30 / 0.00 / RICC1: RICHMOND 20 : 51 / 31 / 0.00 / : :...SOUTH BAY AND SANTA CLARA VALLEY... GILC1: GILROY 194 : 53 / 29 / 0.00 / NUQ : MOFFETT FIELD 34 : 51 / 29 / 0.00 / MGNC1: MORGAN HILL 350 : 52 / 27 / 0.00 / SJC : SAN JOSE ARPT 51 : 51 / 25 / 0.00 / : :...MONTEREY BAY AND BIG SUR... BISC1: BIG SUR STATION 200 : M / M / M / MTR : MONTEREY NWS 122 : 52 / 29 / 0.00 / MRY : MONTEREY ARPT 165 : 54 / 28 / 0.00 / SCRC1: SANTA CRUZ 130 : 57 / 25 / 0.00 / WVI : WATSONVILLE ARPT 160 : 56 / 25 / 0.00 / : :...INTERIOR MONTEREY COUNTY/SAN BENITO COUNTY... CVVC1: CARMEL VALLEY 480 : 54 / 24 / 0.00 / HOLC1: HOLLISTER 275 : 53 / 29 / 0.00 / KICC1: KING CITY 320 : 55 / 19 / 0.00 / SNSC1: SALINAS 85 : 55 / 26 / 0.00 / SNS : SALINAS ARPT 84 : 55 / 26 / 0.00 / .ENDTODAY`S HIGH AND LOW TEMPERATURES. * = ESTIMATED HIGH TEMPERATURE. + = ESTIMATED LOW TEMPERATURE. # = ESTIMATED HIGH AND LOW TEMPERATURE.
Related articles
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
1.8 million hectares of Amazonian forests were lost between 2001 and 2015 with peaks of loss occurring in 2005, 2009 and 2014.
The main causes of forest loss are deforestation and soil degradation, small and medium scale agriculture, large-scale agriculture, pasture for livestock, gold mining, coca cultivation and road construction, according to a MAAP report.
Deforestation hotspots are concentrated in Peru's central Amazon, in Huánuco and Ucayali, but there are also other important hotspots located in Madre de Dios and San Martín, according to a MAAP.
Technology has become a headache for those who indiscriminately clear forest in the Peruvian Amazon. Until a few years ago, it was thought that deforesting an area of primary forest in a secluded, remote area could not be discovered by authorities or experts. Today the use of high-resolution satellite images confirms that it is possible to detect in real time where forests are being cleared. You can even determine the main drivers. The Monitoring of the Andean Amazon Project (MAAP), through more than 50 reports published between April 2015 and November 2016, has contributed to the use of the technology and updated the data of the historical record of deforestation in the Peruvian Amazon. The total figure is enough to send a cold chill down the spine: 1.8 million hectares of Amazonian forests were lost between 2001 and 2015.
Peaks of loss occurred in 2005, 2009 and 2014. While official figures show a decline in deforestation levels, a preliminary estimate for 2016 by MAAP indicates that the problem has not changed much compared to 2014, the year in which one of the highest levels of forest loss was recorded —more than 177,000 hectares.
In February, MAAP presented a second report called Synthesis #2 “Patterns and drivers of deforestation in the Peruvian Amazon,” in which it outlined six of the main causes of forest loss: deforestation and soil degradation, small and medium-scale agriculture, large-scale agriculture, pasture for livestock, gold mining, coca cultivation and road construction.
Small-scale agriculture, which develops in areas with less than 5 hectares, is responsible for 80 percent of the deforestation recorded in the Peruvian Amazon, between 2001 and 2015. Meanwhile, medium-scale agriculture can occupy between 5 and 50 hectares and represents 16 percent. According to Matt Finer, MAAP's forestry researcher, “The trend for deforestation remains problematic; we are at an interesting time when deforestation dropped in 2015 compared to 2014, it's good news, but the bad news is that this level is still very high, the second highest in the historical record.”
According to Finer, controlling small and medium-sized agriculture will be a challenge for the government. Some of the cases that have been detected are small and medium-scale oil palm plantations in Huánuco, Ucayali and Loreto; cacao crops east of Madre de Dios; and the fields of papaya, corn and rice along the Interoceanic Highway, also in Madre de Dios.
“The vast majority (of deforestation) is of small and medium scale, which is difficult to control. It is the first time we understand that this is the pattern and I think it will take time to develop policies to tackle it. Usually it is easier to focus on large-scale deforestation because there is a company behind and we can focus on them,” Finer continued. They added that this does not mean that large-scale agriculture should be overlooked. It should not be forgotten that in 2013, according to reports, new large-scale oil palm plantations were detected, including those managed by the controversial Group Melka.
The technology that MAAP uses and that has allowed to detect in real time, in recent months, the progress of deforestation in the Peruvian Amazon, is part of a methodology that combines several tools. On one side is the assessment of GLAD Early Forest Loss Alerts (Landsat images taken with 30 meters resolution) and on the other side the analysis of high-resolution satellite imagery (Planet and Digital Globe), both sources of information have helped establish patterns, define the main drivers of deforestation, and look at the “hotspots” where deforestation is occurring.
Hotspots
To date, according to Synthesis #2 presented by MAAP, eight deforestation hotspots have been identified in the Peruvian Amazon. It is known, for example, that the areas of the greatest intensity are concentrated in the central Amazon, in Huánuco and Ucayali, but there are also other important hotspots located in Madre de Dios and San Martín.
The map below shows how the causes of deforestation can change over the years. In the case of the central Amazon, where the highest intensity hotspots (A and B) are located, it can be seen (zone A on the map) that two large-scale oil palm projects were identified as main drivers of deforestation in the northwest of the Ucayali region between 2012 and 2014. This trend varied between 2015 and 2016, years in which the greatest intensity of deforestation ran westward, where cattle grazing and small-scale oil palm became the main threat.
In the case of the Huánuco region (zone B on the map), cattle ranching was the main cause of deforestation in both periods of time.
Deforestation in protected natural areas
According to Finer, one of the main advantages of using technology to monitor deforestation lies in the possibility of controlling protected natural areas.
“When we detect illegal deforestation, gold mining within a protected area for example, we can report it to the authorities,” they said. “They have the ability to act.” They explained that it is the easiest way to detect and react to an illegal activity. “It is clear that deforestation is illegal and there is a government entity that knows that it is their responsibility to intervene. We have seen it in Amarakaeri and Tambopata.”
In the first case, MAAP monitors the construction of a controversial road that would cross the buffer zone of the Amarakaeri Communal Reserve and the Manu National Park. And in the second, in the Tambopata National Reserve, it follows the steps of the illegal miners and denounces its activities with the National Service of Natural Protected Areas (SERNANP).
What to do with the information?
Both MAAP and the Ministry of the Environment's (MINAM) National Forest Conservation Program —which preserves the historical records of deforestation and receives and analyzes GLAD Alerts—generates relevant information every day, but the question is what to do with it?
According to Finer, the problem of forest loss remains latent, as well as the question of “what to do with the deforestation that is everywhere and in small patches?” They said that this question must be resolved by the Peruvian government and proposes to disseminate a message that warns violators that “with technology there are eyes watching… we can see. In five years this can make a big difference.”
Rolando Vivanco, an official of the National Forest Conservation Program, argued that the information already exists and in large quantities, what is needed now is to train regional governments and especially the Special Attorney for Environmental Matters (FEMA) in the use of deforestation monitoring tools.
“Sernanp can only act legally within protected natural areas, Serfor can only act within its concessions or properties, but FEMA can act everywhere, the prosecution can enter any area. They are the ones who have to empower themselves with the tool,” Vivanco said.
Banner photo courtesy of EIA
This story was reported by Mongabay's Latin America (Latam) team and was first published in Spanish on our Latam site on February 17, 2017.
FEEDBACK: Use this form to send a message to the author of this post. If you want to post a public comment, you can do that at the bottom of the page.
cbcf9dde327c475d99627c87f58cab7ac6689164bf2fe7734c10c78005ed118e == sha256(“[10.08.2015] I've discovered that about 2% of the known darkweb is controlled by one organization.”)
Reading articles of deanonymization of hidden services by controlling certain nodes or conducting correlation attacks, I came to an idea that in certain cases it might be much easier to break anonymity. Just by having the same vulnerabilities as in “clearnet”, applications can expose sensitive information and let an attacker gather data from the system and deanonymize the target, with certain “darknet” specifics in the approach.
According to the results of the recent HyperionGray research of scanning the darkweb with PunkSPIDER, approximate number of alive dark services is about 7000. The guys took alive and not-so-hidden services and started to scan those for serious vulnerabilities. I've started my own research with slightly different approach - in opposite to searching for critical vulnerabilities like OSCI/SQLi, I've taken a closer look to conventionally low-risk information disclosure.
For that I've written a simple Python script which, when provided with server/framework, would enumerate accessible files and folders and probably discover certain leaks of server information. To my surprise, fair amount of them actually had quite lame generic server authorization/configuration issues up to world-readable /phpinfo.php.
The most helpful and common fail pattern was, however, the default Apache pages such as /server-info and /server-status. Whereas the first one would give you a nice picture of the server information with current settings, modules and its configuration (and IP address, of course), the second is more valuable in terms of current connections. In a given set of 7k+ alive services almost 500 of them (about 7%) appeared to be vulnerable. Further analysis showed that large-traffic applications are affected, too.
For one of the websites I've noticed, that it has several other hosts with completely different kinds of subjects. The only thing which was the same, were those /server-status pages all among them. Quick gather of references on those revealed more than 300 unique services with traffic as much as 50+ Gb per day. Interestingly enough, most of them were referenced from HiddenWiki page, which also resided on the same server. A weaver! As appeared later, it was a hidden hosting service, where anybody could pay certain amount of BTC and rent it for their own dark intentions. Obviously, such disclosure makes it possible for deanonymizer to list all the queries to a particular domain on the hosting server and view parameters with corresponding values for GET requests with full paths to closed parts of the application.
I was lucky again when my script warned me of an external IP address, which accessed “vps.server.com”. If you've ever had a look to access.log of your web server, for sure you've noticed a lot of connections of all kinds of bots which scan the Internet for vulnerabilities. That was probably the first time in my life, when I was really thankful to them. It meant the following:
clearnet service is also available on port 80
if I manage to access it, my watcher script can isolate it
One of the options to hit that is to basically try to scan the whole Internet on port 80. Sounds crazy? Hold on, check these projects first: Zmap and Massscan!
What's basically needed, is to access a specific IP address with certain marker, which would identify this IP address uniquely, and monitor such access on /server-status of a target server. I assumed that probably the easiest way to do it is to use the following vector: http://xx.xx.xx.xx/xx.xx.xx.xx. Results haven't made me wait too long:
Of course, this is not the only way to achieve that. The following scenario is even simpler: many clearnet hosts on the same server are used to redirect traffic to darknet, and this also helps a lot to deanonymize the target. One approach is quite similar to the previous one but more universal in a way that you don't really need to have control over status page. It is enough to parse those responses, which return 30x code, and check for presense of “.onion” string in the “Location:” header:
For the laziest of researchers, Shodan might help, too:
Finally, researcher can always find a vulnerability in one weak service, and get access to the whole hosting server. Let's say, I believe it's possible ;)
Conclusion
The goal of my research was to show that often deanonymization of a hidden service (or even a network) can be done trivially by applying the same pentest approach as in clearnet. Main difference here is that usually non-critical information disclosure plays much more significant role than for “normal” web applications. To summarize, at least the following easy ways may let researcher deanonymize a darknet service:
instant win (server-info, phpinfo, …)
status page access (x.x.x.x/x.x.x.x)
(un)expected redirect (30x clearnet to darknet)
app-level pwnage (missing patches, vulnerabilities in the code, default framework pages…)
P.S. If you're interested in the topic, you may also want to check TheCtulhu's blog and find decent instructions on configuring nginx server to host a hidden service in a more secure way.
Authorities in Louisiana have charged a fellow student in the deaths of a Grambling State University student and their friend.
Jaylin M. Wayne, a 19-year-old first-year student from St. Louis, faces first-degree murder charges in the shooting that killed the two after a fight earlier this week on the Louisiana college's campus, Lincoln Parish Sheriff's Office spokesperson Maj. Stephen Williams said in a news release.
The shooting followed an altercation that started inside a dorm room and spilled out into a courtyard about midnight Tuesday, Williams said. Wayne turned themselves on Thursday evening after their arrest warrant was issued.
Sheriff Mike Stone said in a statement earlier this week that the suspect and victims knew each other "to some extent." They stressed that the shooting wasn't random or an act of terrorism.
"It became apparent very early in the investigation that this was not some random occurrence, that these people did know each other," Grambling State President Richard Gallot Jr. said in a telephone interview after the student's arrest.
University spokesperson Will Sutton identified the victims as Grambling junior Earl Andrews and Monquiarious Caldwell, both 23 and from Farmerville, Louisiana, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from Grambling. It appeared that Caldwell was coming to the aide of Andrews when they were shot, according to a sheriff's department news release.
Classes have been held as usual at the historically black college in northern Louisiana, where nearly 5,000 students are enrolled.
But Gallot said the campus will have "increased police and security" this week. They also said that student leaders decided to hold a "peace walk" on Friday instead of a homecoming pep rally.
"It's a very sad and unfortunate situation," they said.
Andrews' brother, Ledarius Heard, told The Associated Press in a telephone interview that Andrews and Caldwell were friends from high school and cousins by marriage. Heard, 31, said their brother, who lived with them off campus in Ruston, was studying criminal justice and hoped to move to Texas after graduation to be closer to their 1-year-old son.
The deadly shootings happened during the school's homecoming week. Heard said Andrews typically came home immediately after their classes but had been on campus Tuesday night to hang out with friends during homecoming week.
Previously by Ron Holland: A Middle East Warning: American-Style Democracy Isn't the Answer
One has needed a score card to keep up with the twists and turns of the situation in Libya and what will follow over the weekend is still unclear. My point is while we wish the people of Libya and their color revolution victory over crazy Gaddafi, they have likely been the unwitting pawns in a major deception by Washington to hide a dramatic Middle East foreign policy shift.
Highlights and Timeline
2/15 — Libyan color revolution begins.
3/3 — Obama finally says "Gaddafi must go" following previous two weeks of "It's up to the people of Libya to decide".
3/11  US Intelligence chief says "Gaddafi will prevail".
3/14 — Troops from Saudi Arabia & forces from U.A.E. are invited by Bahrain to invade and martial law put into effect while Saudi government cracks down on opposition at home.
3/16 — Sudden policy shift, after opposing No Fly Zone, Obama Administration urges quick acceptance and UN resolution to use force.
3/17 — Gaddafi has warns Benghazi residents "We are coming tonight…There won't be any mercy".
3/17 — This was followed by UN Resolution authorizing No Fly Zone and use of force against Gaddafi.
3/18 — Libya proclaims ceasefire & halts military operations toward Benghazi after Gaddafi reoccupies most oil fields.
Most of us are not old enough to have lived through the two greatest military deceptions of World War Two but you probably missed a similar operation during the last two weeks. The first was Hitler's threat of an invasion against England which actually masked plans for Operation Barbarossa against the Soviet Union and Stalin fell for it. The second was an American deception for D-Day called Operation Quicksilver to convince the German High Command that the allies would invade France at the Pas-de-Calais instead of Normandy. The General Staff believed the ruse, while Hitler did not but acquiesced surprising to the military and the rest is history.
I'm writing about what I will call "The Great Anglo-American Gaddafi Deception" and today in the age of the internet and immediate news and opinion, this deception is not against a military enemy. Rather for several weeks it has served to mask a major American foreign policy shift from both the American people and our former allies in the Middle East color revolution movement.
Gaddafi: A Freak Sideshow Deception
I seriously doubt this change will receive any mainstream media coverage at all because the evidence of a policy decision to allow Gaddafi to survive along with possible genocide and retribution to take place inside their controlled territory is not a pretty picture. This is a sideshow and modern-day, bread-and-circus directed event to capture the attention of the public and news media. Again, forget the talking head experts on cable, as the real story is not about Libya but rather about Bahrain and Saudi Arabia and the danger the color revolutions present to Anglo-American interests in the Middle East and the continued world reserve status of the US dollar.
What happens now in Libya is anyone's guess because it has served its purpose well and the delays provided the time necessary for Saudi Arabia and the Gulf council to invade tiny, insignificant Bahrain. The nation's only importance is the opportunity for use as an Iranian bridge to Saudi oil.
The small island nation produces little oil but it is like the major oil-producing region of Saudi Arabia is home to a regional Shiite majority which could ally with Iran. Washington and London, controlled by Anglo-American elite financial interests have decreed that the color revolutions must end at the edge of the Sunni/Shiite oil-producing regions.
Simply put, the out-of-character US delays and back-and-forth statements and policy changes on Libya which provided Gaddafi free rein to advance and almost defeat the rebels was all a sideshow and diversion. Remember this was thought necessary before the sudden earthquake and tidal wave in Japan to keep the Saudi invasion, threat of genocide in Bahrain and against Shiites in the Saudi oil region off the front pages and cable news shows until the revolutions there could be contained.
It's All About the Dollar
The fiat US dollar only survives as the world's reserve currency because the majority of the oil producers demand payment in dollars. The important significance of this was detailed in Anthony Wile's recent "Mid-East Conflict Not Exactly About Oil" which appeared last week in The Daily Bell. Although Iran now sells oil in other currencies, the other major oil-producing nations still demand payment for oil in US dollars thus requiring ALL nations to utilize dollars as a reserve currency. Quoting Tony, "That is if they wanted to buy any oil — as dollars were what the Saudis and the rest of the OPEC members would accept. This created the effect of an ever-growing demand for dollars. And like any Ponzi scheme, you need an ever-expanding base of demand, or else it crumbles, which they all eventually do."
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates dispatched forces to Bahrain on Monday to protect the Sunni ruling family in power from the Shiite majority in Bahrain which if successful could threaten Saudi oil reserves in eastern Saudi Arabia. While Gaddafi is a madman and the Saudi Royal Family are one of the better ruling elites in the region, the case could just as easily be made for a UN resolution against Saudi Arabia and the UAE actions as the Libyan situation if this were in the best interests of the Anglo-American foreign policy and monetary interests.
While the mainstream news and propaganda talks incessantly about the sudden Obama Administration policy shift toward Libya on Thursday, the real policy change took place several weeks ago with the color revolutions sweeping the Arab world. Washington and London have decided the greatest threat to the Anglo-American control and their power structure are the freedom revolutionaries in the Middle East.
It is not that they oppose freedom or favor authoritarian regimes. Rather this new movement is decentralized, internet and social media based and outside their control. This threatens the oil and dollar schemes they have been running in the Middle East but impacting the rest of the world for over 60 years and hence the reason for the policy shift.
Therefore, if you are following the news over the weekend whether the UN approved use of military force takes place against Gaddafi or they dig in and sits on their oil resources while the West gets mired down in another Middle East intervention, remember the real action is taking place elsewhere.
The important and in their view, necessary actions are happening in and around Saudi Arabia as Washington together with the oil producing countries near Iran are taking care of business to maintain their control over oil resources, the payment in dollars and to contain the freedom revolutions which threaten their interests. Remember, it's all about the dollar being maintained for a while longer as the world reserve currency and oil resources. The establishment of democratic forms of government or whether the people will have a decision over their future in the area is immaterial to the survival of the status quo in Washington and the region.
The Best of Ron Holland
The Best of Ron Holland
Why does the second hour of a journey seem shorter than the first? According to research from University of Toronto Scarborough (UTSC) and the Rotman School of Management, the answer lies in how we're physically oriented in space.
In a series of six studies, Sam Maglio, an assistant professor in UTSC's Department of Management, demonstrated that a person's orientation — the direction they are headed — changed how they thought of an object or event.
The research is forthcoming in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
“Feeling close to or distant from something impacts our behavior and judgment,” says Maglio. “We feel more socially connected, more emotionally engaged, and more attuned to the present when something is perceived as close.”
What we don't know is what leads to a feeling of closeness, they say. Previous studies have focused on changing objective measures, such as distance or time, to make something feel subjectively close or far.
“But people move around their environments, constantly going closer to some things and farther from others,” says Maglio. “We wanted to see if this movement changed how people perceived their surroundings.”
Using everyday locations and objects such as subway stations, lottery draws, and Starbucks drinks, Maglio and Evan Polman (University of Wisconsin-Madison) found that people heading in a certain direction considered the places ahead to be physically nearer than those behind, although the actual distance was the same.
People also felt events that occurred in the direction they were headed happened more recently and that those events would be more likely to occur. Interestingly, the feeling of closeness occurred regardless of whether events were good or bad. Strangers who were coming towards participants were thought to be more similar to themselves than when those same strangers were headed away.
Maglio says the research supports previous findings showing that something that feels close in one way, such as physical distance, will also feel close in time, probability, and social similarity. “That's why a phrase such as A long time ago in a distant land makes more intuitive sense than in a nearby land.”
According to Maglio, this research could potentially impact business, such as retail:
“Firms that induce a sense of orientation towards the customer might be able to create psychological closeness and connection.”
This research was supported by a grant from the VPR Research Competitiveness Fund at the University of Toronto Scarborough.
Over the next few days I'll play fantasy GM of the Jets and give some thoughts on the upcoming decisions that the Jets will face. Actually, I guess before you play fantasy GM you have to play fantasy owner given the way the season has unfolded. Going into this year I would have told you that you were crazy if you thought Mike Maccagnan and Todd Bowles might not be back in 2017, but I don't think you can discount it either. Much like our prior GM/Head Coach combos I don't consider these two joined in any manner. The Jets don't seem to look at it that way so neither should I. So today we'll start with the GM and in part 2 I'll look at the coach and then part 3 will be a roster overview.
Maccagnan was hired in 2015 to somewhat change the culture of the organization. For a nine year period the Jets front office had basically been run by salary cap people who worked their way up the chain of command. With the last few years of that style having failed it was only natural to turn to someone who background was more in scouting and less in salaries which led to Maccagnan getting the job. Thus far it has just been a different path to the same end result. .
The primary reason the Jets find themselves in the position that they are currently in is because the team has drafted so poorly for almost a decade now. Realistically you have to go back to the 2007 draft for the last time the Jets drafted a true cornerstone talent (Darrelle Revis) and, for the most part, most of the drafts have been flops producing just a few quality starters along the way. That was the thing that needed to change.
When Maccagnan took over the team it seemed clear that they had a mission from management to be competitive ASAP and have the team playing meaningful games in December. You can't accomplish that in one draft so they used an abundance of cap room in free agency to try to build a competitive roster. He's been taken to task for that approach by a number of people, but for one year it did work out as the Jets went to 10-6 last year and nearly made the playoffs. They were praised for their work last year for putting together a team of castoffs who blended well.
However we all know that one year wonders are common in the NFL and one good season does not make a program. For the Jets to flourish it was the development that needed to happen underneath those veterans that would sustain long term success and viability. That has not happened and the Jets continue to have depleted depth and minimal contributions from any young players. This is more or less no different than John Idzik's tenure with the Jets.
From the contractual side of things I do think you are seeing some inexperience in that area. It started in free agency in 2015 with some of the contracts that the team signed.  They are going to get heat for the Darrelle Revis contract but I give them a pass on that one. I think that was something that came down from upper management almost as a must sign if you wanted the job so there was no leeway with that. But it's the other moves that should be questionable.
As you watch some of the contracts come down- $8M for one year for Antonio Cromartie, over $6M a year for Buster Skrine, the $7M contract for David Harris, giving Brandon Marshall a raise for helping them get out of Chicago, etc… Some of these contracts remind me of contracts that we would have seen back in the days of Bill Parcells or the early days of Terry Bradway.
As a general manager sometimes you set your sights on specific players and you just want it to happen no matter what the cost and that's the feeling I have watching some of the contracts come down. You get so fixated on a particular player that you can lose sight of the big picture and how things may impact you down the line.
That was even more apparent this past year with the handling of Muhammad Wilkerson and Ryan Fitzpatrick. If Maccagnan does get fired it will likely be those two deals that will be carved into the tombstone. Those contracts I think have cemented the Jets right now as being in a position where, if you wait them out, they will come around at the end of the day and give you what you want. You never want to be that team.
The Wilkerson decision was just odd. When they drafted Leonard Williams, who looks to be the best Jets draft pick of the last 5 or 6 years, the logical thought was you part ways with Wilkerson who was looking for top dollar and replace them with Williams. I'm not sure if they overvalued what they could get for Wilkerson in a trade or if they feared some kind of fan backlash but they handed Wilkerson a monster contract that created this logjam on the defensive line that makes no sense. If you were going to do that you may as well have drafted someone where you get the full benefit of the player. Expect them to now trade Sheldon Richardson for pennies on the dollar because they have seemingly become malcontent and feeling like the odd man out.
That doesn't mean everything they have done is bad. I think their decision to not restructure Revis was excellent. I was very negative on Revis' play last year but was told numerous times by other fans or heard from media outlets how Revis was great. The Jets saw they aren't and smartly didn't touch that contract. While they clearly were hoping for a better season this year they weren't very noisy in free agency when they could have found ways to make it happen. I'm taking the glass half full approach and saying that they were realistic about the teams' chances and saw the Fitzpatrick deal as something they needed to do in order to have continuity. The glass half empty viewpoint says that they thought the team was great and screwed up.
The Verdict
The question now “is two years enough”? It was in the case of Idzik though I think Idzik brought that on himself. Idzik had trouble with the media and while I don't view Maccagnan as much more forthcoming that mid season Idzik press conference pretty much sealed their fate. There was no recovering from that for Idzik and things just spiraled out of control. Idzik gave off the vibe that the job was way too big for him. That is a feeling I do not get with Maccagnan.
From a football perspective I do see similarities between the two situations. Like Idzik, Maccagnan has built nothing through two years. If anything all that has been done is continuing a lateral move with the team in no different of a position than they were in 2013 or 2015. With what will likely be a top 5 pick in the draft do you trust Maccagnan to make a move that should define a new direction? It is much easier to trust someone with no track record than someone who has failed to make an impact in two years.
One of the arguments I have seen against making any moves is that another move makes the Jets like the Browns, but I don't entirely agree with that. The Browns moves are culture shocks that basically render the work of a prior GM useless. That is a team that specifically drafts for one style of defense and reaches for a 1st round QB and then goes completely in a new direction the following season sending those players to the bench or putting them on the field in positions they should not play. The Jets could move on and still make use of the handful decent picks Maccagnan made and just cut all the veterans with minimal cap implications. They simply haven't made the investment in the type of players that give a GM job security.
Still, despite all that and the negativity of this season, I think it's in the best interest of the organization to keep Maccagnan to maintain some continuity in the front office and end the constant turnover. I don't think there is harm in the move and they likely can't mess up the organization if they don't get over the hump.
While Im not a big draft guy (actually I'm next to useless when it comes to the draft) it doesn't sound as if there is a quarterback of merit that the Jets will take a stab at in the top 10 and that is probably the only position that they could draft which would lock them in if the team continues to fail. A left tackle, receiver, cornerback, etc… all drafted that highly can be a cornerstone but shouldn't lock the team into any specific offensive/defensive style. A defensive lineman might but there is no way they can draft another defensive lineman. Even if they hired a new coach I don't think that will be a killer. So the way I look at it if the Jets flop in 2017 you can still make the switch in 2018 without messing yourself up the way some other teams have.
I'm probably biased but I'm of the mindset that today's NFL GM has to be incredibly well versed in all aspects of the NFL. Many up and comers are not that into some of the rules and financial impacts that giving a Fitzpatrick an extra few million and signing a Wilkerson to a long term deal may have on the organization. I think this has been a learning experience for the GM and they should be able to find a way to fix the more blatant issues the team has had. My guess is if they lean more on their cap people the results overall will end up better.
Maccagnan in some ways is a victim of a fluke success run in 2015. Everything they touched turned to gold that year and it made people lose sight of the fact that the team was old and had nobody ready to replace the veterans. It made expectations far too high for this season and the QB situation made it worse.
Normally when your season starts to go badly teams can make the switch to their next potential starter to change the focus from failures in the present to potential for the future. Because their highest QB pick, Christian Hackenberg, was such a project they had no viable young QB to turn to during the course of the season which led to the Fitzpatrick saga that just made it worse and worse each week for the fans who saw no future vision on the field. They tried to turn to Geno Smith, who nobody thought was the future and quickly got hurt, and will now go with Bryce Petty to try to stop the bleeding, but I don't think anyone sees them as the future either. The disaster on the defensive line also hasn't helped them as its hidden their best asset in Williams.
So I think there is nothing that is going to harm the team by giving them an extra year. If they get no building blocks in place then it's easy to move on, but for now you keep your fingers crossed that they somehow have that midas touch come draft week and they can fix the mess that continues to be the Jets.
FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 25, 2016 file photo, Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko, left, and Russian President Vladimir Putin attend the talks in Minsk, Belarus. In more than two decades in power, the autocratic leader of Belarus has cast their nation as Moscow's closest ally, securing tens of billions of dollars in Russian subsidies. Now, the Kremlin finally seems to have lost patience with its unruly ally. (Yekaterina Shtukina/Pool Photo via AP, File)
MINSK, Belarus (AP) — In more than two decades in power, the autocratic leader of Belarus has cast their nation as Moscow's closest ally, securing tens of billions of dollars in Russian subsidies.
At the same time, President Alexander Lukashenko has skillfully exploited Russia's security fears by occasionally reaching out to the West to win concessions from Moscow. Now, the Kremlin finally seems to have lost patience with its unruly ally, spelling an end to a relationship that has been described as giving away "oil for kisses."
The spiraling conflict between the neighbors has reached such a level that some analysts have talked about Russia possibly staging a "palace coup" against Lukashenko. Visibly nervous about Russia's intentions, the Belarusian leader recently assured their nation of 10 million people that "there will be no war" between the two countries.
Lukashenko has sought to present Belarus as an indispensable partner for Russia and a bulwark against NATO. At the same time, they have periodically made overtures to the West, masterfully exploiting Moscow's fear of losing a crucial ally to win more financial aid.
It now seems that Russian President Vladimir Putin has grown tired of Lukashenko's games. A scheduled meeting between the two last week was postponed indefinitely, and Russia has set up border controls on its previously unguarded frontier with Belarus.
Putin and Lukashenko never got along, and it's hard to imagine any affinity between the cold, reserved former KGB officer and the blustery and boisterous Belarusian, a former state farm director.
Lukashenko has led Belarus since 1994, extending their rule through elections the West has criticized as undemocratic, keeping most of the economy in state hands and relentlessly cracking down on the opposition and independent media.
But Belarus' dependence on Russia and Moscow's desire to keep a key military ally on its western flank have helped bridge differences — until recently.
When Belarus balked last year at the price Russia charged for its natural gas, accumulating a $550 million debt, Moscow hit Minsk in its softest spot by sharply cutting oil supplies. Since the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union, Belarus had used cheap Russian crude for products that accounted for more than a third of its export revenues.
The spat escalated with Lukashenko recalling Belarusian representatives from a Russia-dominated economic alliance and ignoring its recent summit. They then raised the stakes by abolishing visas for short-time travelers from 80 nations, including the U.S. and the European Union. The move vexed Russia, which voiced concern that foreign visitors could cross the uncontrolled border with Belarus.
Moscow responded by unilaterally establishing border controls — a move Lukashenko warned could trigger a "serious conflict."
They further challenged the Kremlin by ordering their interior minister to open a criminal inquiry against Russia's top sanitary official for barring imports of Belarusian food products. Russia has banned some agricultural imports from Belarus, accusing it of becoming a conduit for contraband Western food banned in retaliation for the U.S. and the EU sanctions against Moscow.
The Kremlin responded that the Russian official was only doing their job, and noted that deliveries of cheap oil to Belarus had cost Russia over $22 billion in lost revenue in 2011-15. The cheap energy, along with billions of dollars in Russian loans, buttressed Belarus' Soviet-style economy that has relied on its eastern neighbor as its main export market.
Russia and Belarus have had economic disputes before, but each time Moscow caved in to Lukashenko's demands and restored the subsidies. The latest controversy, however, seems deeper, and Putin appears unlikely to back off.
"There are limits to a weak state's ability to dictate its terms to a stronger one," economic expert Vladislav Inozemtsev said on Moscow's Ekho Moskvy radio.
Lukashenko sounded unusually tense at a recent news conference.
"Why take us by the throat?" they asked.
"No one will occupy us, no one will send in troops," they said in an apparent reference to fears that Russia could try to use massive joint military maneuvers scheduled in Belarus later this year to overrun the country. "The Russian troops that will enter Belarus will leave."
The sun has been getting quite active lately, with one sun spot in particular giving off several explosive flares this week, and it could eventually bring some brilliant displays of the Northern Lights to the Pacific Northwest.
Since Monday, Sunspot AR1748 has already given off four "X-class" solar flares -- X being the most powerful class of flares that have potential to disrupt radio and satellite signals. In fact, that flare has given off more X-class flares than every other sunspot of the past year combined, according to spaceweather.com.
Up to this point, the spot has been on a part of the sun not directly facing Earth, so the flares have been directed away from our planet and not really giving us much of an effect.
But the sun is turning to where that sunspot is coming closer and closer to facing Earth -- already it's on the left edge as we look at it. Over the coming days the sunspot will travel closer and closer to the center of the sun relative to us, putting Earth more in the direct path of any more X-class flares the sunspot has up its sleeve.
Our atmosphere and the Earth's magnetic field protects us from any harmful effects of the solar flares, so there are no worries. Instead, solar flares can trigger dazzling displays of the Northern Lights to the polar regions, and if the storm is intense enough, bring those displays much further south than usual. In the past, major solar flares have brought rare aurora sightings to Arizona and Florida, and it only takes a moderately-strong storm to make them visible across the Northwest.
So keep an eye to Spaceweather.com as it's a fantastic site for tracking solar activity and letting you know when a solar storm is imminent. You'll also notice a link there to the planetary K index. I've found that it really takes a level of 7 on the 9-point scale before the lights are visible in the greater Seattle area. So if you see it's that high (or higher), might be a good time to go peek outside.
The lights are obviously on the northern horizon, so finding a spot with a clear view to the north is key. Also key: Getting away from city lights. Trying to view the lights from atop Queen Anne will be difficult. Even Alki Beach would be a stretch. Perhaps head to the foothills or the rural North Sound areas (bonus there that you get Seattle and Everett's lights behind you to the south). One of our frequent Northern Lights spotters, Liem Bahneman, has had reasonable success spotting the lights from the Mukilteo waterfront..
And then, of course, there is the weather. Forecasts indicate as of now that Saturday night will remain fairly cloudy but there is some hope for breaks in the clouds on Sunday and Monday night if a solar flare gets going soon. The middle of next week looks hit-and-miss for periods of overcast skies so we'll have to cross our fingers.
As always, if you do manage to get photos and/or video of the Northern Lights, we'd love to see them! You can post them to our YouNews page or email them to me at weather@komo4news.com. (Or, Tweet to @ScottSKOMO.)
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rogue taxi drivers have been caught flouting licensing laws in a council sting.
Dozens of cabbies have been caught out by officials since they launched a city wide crackdown at the beginning of summer.
Today Newcastle City Council has named its worst offenders and wants to assure residents, and particularly students, they have a firm eye on any illegal activity.
Jonathan Bryce, the council's regulatory licencing manager, said: “These prosecutions show the council's commitment to pursuing action against anyone who breaks the law.
“We take enforcement very seriously and our role is to ensure that the trade operates legally and to the high standards expected.”
In the past few months the council has found an increasing number of Hackney Carriage taxi drivers coming to work in Newcastle whose vehicles are registered to work in Northumberland and Durham.
This means customers are at risk of being picked up in uninsured cars as the vehicle's haven't been checked by Newcastle City Council.
Students and residents travelling very short distances, for example from Collingwood Street to Jesmond, have also found that taxi drivers have refused to take them because of the low fares, despite it being illegal to turn down a job.
Others have been ripped off, and have complained to the council that the taxi driver has turned off the metre and instead charged their own fee, like taxi driver Arafath Habib Riyad of Swaledale Gardens, Newcastle.
“We would also like to remind the travelling public that it is an offence for a Hackney Carriage driver to refuse a fare that starts and finishes in Newcastle,” said the spokesperson.
“It is also an offence for such a driver not to use the fitted meter or to charge more than the legal tariff of fares displayed in the licensed vehicle.”
One taxi driver prosecuted by the council, Adil Mohammed, was caught when they picked up a team of council officers in a car not legally registered to be driven in Newcastle. Following a hearing at Newcastle Magistrates Court they were fined £55 and ordered to pay prosecution costs of £100.
Stuart Burns, of Benwell Grange Terrace, had carried out a number of journeys without a valid taxi licence.
The council have said that those who have declined fares of just £3 or £4 to take people home after night out in town have gone on to face fines of up to £300.
So far 700 vehicles and drivers have been stopped and checked by the licensing authority at Newcastle City Council alongside Northumbria Police to make sure that driver standards are maintained in the last year.
The council have also written to both Newcastle University and Northumbria University to advise students how to stay safe while using taxis in the city and to report any problems to the council.
Named and shamed:
Syed Mehdi Manafi (12.11.52) Westbourne Avenue, Gateshead – Illegal Ply for Hire/No insurance (Gateshead Hackney Carriage Driver) – Prosecuted Fine £165. Costs £284, Victim Surcharge £20. Licence endorsed 6 penalty points.
Shamol Uddin (21.04.77) Lanercost Drive, Newcastle – Illegal Ply for Hire/No insurance (Northumberland hackney carriage working for Blueline) – Prosecuted Fine £150, Costs £250, Victim Surcharge £20, Licence endorsed 6 penalty points.
Brian Johnson (27.08.71) Legion Grove, Newcastle – Illegal Ply for Hire (Durham licensed Hackney Carriage working for Blueline) – Prosecuted Fine £230, Costs £339.50, Victim Surcharge £23.
Zahir Mohammed Azam (03.11.85) – Illegal Ply for Hire – Prosecuted Fine £110, Costs £25, Victim Surcharge £20.
Hamed Karimi Amirkiasar (20.09.79), Redgrave Close, Gateshead – Illegal Ply for Hire/No insurance (Northumberland licensed Hackney Carriage Driver working for Blueline) – Prosecuted Fine £112, Costs £738, Victim Surcharge £20.
Ian Lindsay Durno (22.03.59), Brandling Court, Akendside Terrace, Newcastle – Illegal Ply for Hire/No insurance – Prosecuted Fine £230, Costs £360.50, Victim surcharge £23, Licence endorsed 6 penalty points.
Harry Morris (21.05.51), Two Ball Lonnen, Newcastle – Illegal Ply for Hire/No insurance – Prosecuted Fine £440, Costs £50, Victim Surcharge £25, Licence endorsed 6 penalty points (Resulting in disqualification).
Arafath Habib Riyad (27.08.84), Swaledale Gardens, Newcastle – Failure to Engage Meter/Overcharge (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £340, Costs £150, Victim surcharge £20.
Mohammed Ramzan (30.04.72), Kingsley Avenue, Melton Park, Newcastle – Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £250, Costs £588, Victim surcharge £20.
Mohammed Abul Hussain (12.06.65), Normount Road, Newcastle – Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £165, Costs £500, Victim surcharge £40.
Hamzeh Karimi (11.09.83), Wardroper House, Greenford Road, Newcastle – Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £400, Costs £200, Victim surcharge £40.
Mohammed Ajhad Ali (16.03.62), Swaledale Gardens, High Heaton, Newcastle– Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £200, Costs £450, Victim surcharge £20.
Mohammed Sageer (25.11.83), Fenham Hall Drive, Newcastle – Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £130, Costs £358.25, Victim surcharge £20
Fazal Ahmed Noori (27.09.76), Wingrove Road, Newcastle – Fare Refusal (Hackney Carriage) – Prosecuted Fine £300, Costs £250, Victim surcharge £30.
Stuart Michael Burns (27.06.62), Benwell Grange Terrace, Newcastle - Unlicensed Private Hire Driver – Prosecuted Fine £700, Costs £294, Victim surcharge £78.
Brian Costigan (22.01.57), Belmont Street, Newcastle – Unlicensed Private Hire Driver – Prosecuted Costs £270
Kalvinder Singh (19.03.66), Hersham Close, Kingston Park, Newcastle – Unlicensed Hackney Carriage Driver – Prosecuted Fine £110, Costs £100, Victim Surcharge £20
SINGAPORE - A baggage handler at Changi Airport allegedly swopped the tags on hundreds of bags, sending the luggage to incorrect destinations.
Tay Boon Keh, 63, who worked for industrial equipment supplier Lian Cheng Contracting - a subcontractor of the Changi Airport Group - was charged in court on Tuesday (Sept 19) with 286 counts of mischief.
 They are believed to have started their crime spree on Nov 8 last year by swopping the baggage tag of a Penang-bound piece of luggage with another bag.
The baggage tag had a serial number indicating that the Penang-bound bag was supposed to be transported on a Singapore Airlines flight.
It was not mentioned in court where the affected bag finally ended up nor why did it suggest any motive for the act.
Tay is believed to have subsequently swopped around baggage tags almost every day for three months until this February.
The affected bags were originally bound for places including Hong Kong, Manila, London and Perth.
Besides Singapore Airlines, they were also supposed to be transported on carriers such as Silkair and Lufthansa.
Responding to queries from The Straits Times, Changi Airport said this was an isolated case of mischief and there was no breach of aviation security at the Changi aerodrome.
Its spokesperson added: "Nonetheless, we have enhanced access control as well as the CCTV coverage in the baggage handling area. Patrols have also been stepped up."
Tay, who was unrepresented, was expressionless as they stood in court before District Judge Adam Nakhoda on Tuesday.
The court heard that they intend to plead guilty to their offences and they will be back in court on Oct 17. If convicted of mischief, they can be jailed for up to a year and fined for each charge.
Sony Online Entertainment's “Planetside 2” is set to launch sometime this year for the PlayStation 4, and development is going well, according to the game's senior art director Tramell Isaac. Isaac also believes the game will be ready within six months.
It was confirmed the game will run at 60 frames per second in early June at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. During the event, Sony told us “Planetside 2” will be similar to its original version, but more visually enhanced.
Isaac, who also worked on 2003's “Planetside” and 2011's “Duke Nukem Forever”, is confident we'll be seeing “Planetside 2” reach the PlayStation 4 by the end of 2014.
“There are a few things we have to work out still. One of the good things about having a live product being taken to the PS4 is that we have fewer things to focus on,” Isaac told IBTimes on Monday. “The code, graphics, and servers are working just fine. We are mainly focused on UI and controller schemes, that's about it. We are in a good spot. You should see PS2 on PS4 within the next 6 months.”
How will the game's enhancements and ability to run at 60 frames per second add to the gameplay experience of “Planetside 2” on the PlayStation 4?
“When you're developing a shooter, fps is king,” Isaac told us. “Working with a console is much easier because you have a consistent platform that you know will be the same in every household. Knowing that everyone will have basically the same experience is an improvement over the PC version for sure.”
Still, Isaac emphasized that “Planetside 2” on the PS4 will be a similar but better version of its PC counterpart.
“The only difference between the PC and the PS4 will be the controller set up. I'm looking forward to getting all the extra controller features hooked up and into the hands of the players,” they said.
Though “Planetside 2's” PS4 version was originally scheduled for a release date of early 2014, Isaac assured us the Sony team is working hard to ensure the game's prompt release.
“Time is never on our side, so picking and choosing the ‘right' feature to add to the game is always something we have to be conscience of,” they said.
“Planetside 2” features open-world, large-scale battles of up to 2,000 players. There are six player classes in the game: the Infiltrator, Light Assault, Combat Medic, Engineer, Heavy Assault and MAX. The PS4 version already has three continents and one battle island completed. Three more continents are expected sometime this year.
Looking forward to "Planetside 2" on the PS4? Leave a comment or tweet me.
BATCH by Creemore Springs Opening in Toronto Next Week
TORONTO, ON – BATCH, a “gastrobrewery” offshoot of Creemore Springs Brewery, will be opening its doors in downtown Toronto next week.
Located at 75 Victoria Street – previously home to several other breweries, most recently Beer Academy – BATCH will feature a selection of Creemore Springs brands as well as beers brewed on-site by brewmaster Andrew Bartle (previously of Northwinds Brewhouse), with a core line-up including Pale Ale, Cream Ale, Witbier, Porter and India Pale Ale, plus a rotation of seasonal brands.
(Creemore Springs is a subsidiary of Six Pints, the craft beer division of Molson Coors Canada, as was Beer Academy.)
The food menu at BATCH was designed by chef Ben Heaton, and features gourmet versions of pub grub and comfort food classics, plus a daily pie selection for dessert.
BATCH will be opening for business on Monday March 7th, and will be open seven days a week, with dinner offered nightly, lunch on weekdays, and brunch of weekends. For more details, see the BATCH website, Facebook page and Twitter feed.
A school bus carrying several students was struck by bullets when a gun battle broke out between two men at a Charlotte, North Carolina gas station Thursday morning.
NBC Newschannel
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police say it appears the two men had an argument, which lead to both of them pulling their guns and firing recklessly at each other at the busy intersection. All of it was caught on the gas station's surveillance cameras.
Police say one bullet struck a parked car and another hit a passing school bus headed for Charlotte Lab School. The bullet shattered the window just behind the driver. School officials say 19 kids were on board the bus, in grades K-6. They say two suffered minor scratches from the shattered glass.
The two men fled the scene after the shooting.
Natalie Woods and Betty Knowles countersigned the document after the birth of Lily-May Betty Woods.
They were able to take advantage of the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Act 2008 which came into effect at the beginning of this month.
It entitles people in same-sex relationships to both be treated as equal parents of a child.
The move has angered pressure groups who say a child's birth certificate should accurately reflect their biology.
Stonewall, the lesbian, gay and bisexual charity, welcomed the change in the law and said it was a much needed “fairer” system for homosexuals.
Lily-May was born after Miss Woods, 38, from Brighton in East Sussex became pregnant via a sperm donor.
Under the previous legislation, Miss Woods would have been the only one able to list themselves as a parent on the birth certificate, while Miss Knowles would have had to go to court to be recognised as a parent.
Yesterday Miss Woods said: “It is fantastic, quite a milestone. Compared to having to go through the courts this is really straightforward and the way it should be.
“We started forward on this journey together so it is fitting that we can both sign the register.
“It's also good that we don't have any of the worries and concerns of me being the only legal parent.
“The fact that same-sex parents can both be on the birth certificate shows our kind of family is becoming more acceptable.”
The couple has been together for 16 years and decided they wanted to become parents eight years ago.
Lily-May was born on March 31 after a 20 hour labour, weighing 7lbs 8oz.
Miss Woods, a therapy councillor, said their parents had stopped speaking to them after they found out they were a lesbian.
“We explored the issue of not having a father figure for Lily-May in counselling session and we've talked about how we will deal with it in the future,” they said.
“But ultimately there are more important things than having one father and one mother.
“A child needs unconditional love and that is what Betty and I offer Lily-May in spades.
“Sadly some people don't understand that – there have been a few homophobic comments here and there and my parents do not have a part in my life because of my sexuality.
“They are missing out on getting to know a fabulous, beautiful baby.”
Miss Knowles, a delivery driver, added: “We both really wanted to be mums but Natalie was really keen to be the one pregnant so that was an easy decision to make.
“About the same time the legislation was passed that said we could both be recognised as parents.
“That spurred us on but we would have tried to be parents regardless.”
However the move was criticised by campaign groups.
Josephine Quintavalle, from Comment on Reproductive Ethics (CORE), said: “Birth certificates should reflect how a baby is generated.
“In a culture that is obsessed with genetics, it is strange that when it comes to birth certificates we are prepared to forget all that.
“As much as you try to play around with the terminology, the biology reflects what has happened and one day the child will ask about their father.”
Baroness Deech, the chairperson of the Bar Standards Board, is an open critic of the rules about same-sex couples signing birth certificates with no mention of the father.
They said such a move could undermine the child's right to understand its identity.
“There is an issue of principle here, which is the truth,” they said last month.
“It puts the demands of the adults ahead of the rights of children to know and benefit from both sides of their genetic makeup.
“This is not a moral issue; it is about disguising true facts, and it is about confusing biological parenthood, legal and social parenthood.”
Image copyright Peter Middleton
More than 60 distinctive items of British cuisine have been granted protected status by the European Union, yet no food from north-east England has achieved recognition. But there are contenders, writes Chris Stokel-Walker.
Geordies are proud of their bonhomie, their nightlife, and their culture, but according to the Department for Environment Food & Rural Affairs, their food is overlooked. The government has put out an open call for all North East residents to celebrate their cuisine by nominating food they feel is quintessentially of the region.
The EU protected food name status scheme was established in 1993, and since then 62 British items - including Cumberland sausages and Melton Mowbray pork pies - have been given the special status. But there are none from the North East.
Image copyright J Mark Dodds Image caption Pan haggerty is the north-east England equivalent of potato Dauphinoise
What's worth protecting on Tyneside?
For Dave Coulson, Masterchef finalist, proud local and head chef at Peace & Loaf, a restaurant in Newcastle's Jesmond, plenty. "People round here like hearty food, and a lot of it is unique to the area," they explain.
Newcastle has its own bread, the stottie, a flat circle of dough baked at the bottom of the oven for supreme softness. Rarely available outside of the North East, stotties are often stuffed with another regional classic - a slice of ham and a dollop of pease pudding, a dish made by cooking split peas with spices and water until it is spreadable. "Nowhere else has pease pudding," says Coulson, who was brought up in Wingate, a former pit village in County Durham. "When I was young we got ours from Robinson's, the local butchers."
Image copyright David Holt Image caption Pease pudding surrounded by gammon, carrots and mash
Kippers caught in the North Sea and landed at Craster, a small Northumberland town, are considered some of the finest in the country by top chefs. The fish are smoked for 16 hours in small stone smokehouses near the shore. They're often served with pan haggerty, an unctuous yet crisp potato dish that's the slightly rugged brother of the French potato Dauphinoise. A restaurant's-worth of other lesser-known dishes conceived in the region sits without recognition, too.
But perhaps they should be acknowledged.
There are gains to be had from protected status other than simply the symbolic. The finest items of British food already on the list contribute almost £1bn to the European economy.
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
They say defense wins championships, but beginning Friday night, a handful of NBA stars can champion Japan by breaking down defenses.
For every point they score in select games this weekend, the players will donate a cool grand to Japan's relief efforts. Putting up points shouldn't be a tall order for the Chicago Bulls' Derrick Rose, the Los Angeles Lakers' Pau Gasol, the Portland Trailblazers' LaMarcus Aldridge, the Oklahoma City Thunder's Russell Westbrook or the Atlanta Hawks' Al Horford. Each has been averaging between 16 and 25 points all season.
JaVale McGee of the Washington Wizards and Pau's little brother, Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies, will also lend their marksmanship to the cause, and 13 other players will donate set amounts.
I caught up with Horford, from my hometown Hawks, after Friday's practice. Let this be a warning, New Jersey Nets: Horford says he's going "to try to be a little more aggressive" in Saturday night's game - and I'm sure you remember they dropped 24 on you when you visited the A-Town in December.
Horford said agent Arn Tellem of Wasserman Media Group, which represents the athletes, came up with the idea. Horford's teammate Joe Johnson joined Rose, Gasol and Westbrook last year in a similar effort for victims of the earthquake in Haiti.
"You don't ever want tragedy to happen anywhere," the 6-foot-10 forward said, "but we have the ability to help out and encourage others to do the same."
Horford said they were heartbroken watching CNN footage from the tsunami's aftermath. It was hard to believe what they were witnessing, they said.
"I know it happened, but it almost seems like it comes from one of those end-of-the-world movies we watch. ... I can't imagine what those people are going through right now."
The donations will go to the Japan Relief and Recovery Fund run by Direct Relief International, which "supports the immediate health needs of people by working with local authorities best situated to assess, respond and prepare for the long-term recovery," according to the nonprofit's website.
The group has already provided money to help displaced people, especially the elderly and those with disabilities, at 20 facilities in the ravaged Miyagi Prefecture.
In a statement, Direct Relief International CEO Thomas Tighe applauded the players' "world-class generosity" and added, "We hope they light up scoreboards this weekend."
Tellem said Wasserman, too, was proud of its players and encouraged anyone wanting to follow the hoopsters' example to send a donation to Direct Relief, which has committed $1.5 million to the relief effort. You can send $10 to the fund by texting "Give10" to 20222.
I always root for my Hawks, and I'll be cheering especially loudly for Horford on Saturday night. Sure, Rose, Westbrook and Aldridge are beasts, but Big Horf has the most favorable matchup. I think they can take them. Go ahead and call me a homer.
Whom do you think will be the weekend's top scorer among these philanthropic ballers? Let us know below.
The U.S. government long ago announced its intention to “fight the net”.
As revealed by an official Pentagon report signed by Rumsfeld called “Information Operations Roadmap”:
The roadmap [contains an] acknowledgement that information put out as part of the military's psychological operations, or Psyops, is finding its way onto the computer and television screens of ordinary Americans. “Information intended for foreign audiences, including public diplomacy and Psyops, is increasingly consumed by our domestic audience,” it reads. “Psyops messages will often be replayed by the news media for much larger audiences, including the American public,” it goes on.*** “Strategy should be based on the premise that the Department [of Defense] will ‘fight the net' as it would an enemy weapons system”.
Indeed, the Pentagon publicly announced years ago that it was considering using “black propaganda” – in other words, knowing lies.
(Article continues below)
CENTCOM announced in 2008 that a team of employees would be “[engaging] bloggers who are posting inaccurate or untrue information, as well as bloggers who are posting incomplete information.”
The Air Force is now also engaging bloggers. Indeed, an Air Force spokesperson said:
“We obviously have many more concerns regarding cyberspace than a typical Social Media user,” Capt. Faggard says. “I am concerned with how insurgents or potential enemies can use Social Media to their advantage. It's our role to provide a clear and accurate, completely truthful and transparent picture for any audience.”
In other words, the government is targeting “social media“, including popular user-ranked news sites.
In addition, when you look at what the Israeli lobby has done with Megaphone software to automatically vote stories questioning Israel down and to send pro-Israel letters to politicians and media (see this, this, this and this), you can start to see how the U.S. military – an even larger and better-funded organization – could substantially influence voting on social news sites with very little effort.Moreover,the military has outsourced many projects to private contractors. For example, in Iraq, much of the fighting has been outsourced to Blackwater. And governmental intelligence functions have largely been outsourced to private companies.
It is therefore not impossible that the government is hiring cheap labor to downvote stories on the social media sites which question the government, and to postpro-government comments.
Finally, under the post-9/11 “homeland security” laws, the government almost certainl routinely demands full access to ISPs and websites. In other words, we've all seen polls at Digg, Reddit, YouTube, and mainstream news sites suddenly disappear entirely if a sufficiently pro-government sentiment was not expressed.
Do you doubt that the military and homeland security apparatus would step in to take control of what it considered an “enemy” message? And remember, the government considers any message questioning anything the government does as an enemy message. See this, this, this and this.
Here we are a full month after the 2016 election, an election that provided what is roundly described as a "shock" to most people. Many people would pick through unexpected results in an effort to avoid repeating the same mistakes.
Progressives are far too emotional for that.
Refusing to believe that anyone other than ignorant white bigots voted for Trump, the lefties have been doubling down on the thought-free condescension that practically dug their own electoral grave.
When it was announced that Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad would be the new ambassador to China in the Trump administration, Think Progress editor Ian Millhiser had this response (he has since deleted the tweet, hence the tweet from someone with the screenshot):
Alas, @imillhiser has deleted their tweet, but for posterity's sake it has been preserved: pic.twitter.com/5cMO3Wzzev — Jeff B/DDHQ (@EsotericCD) December 7, 2016
Ah, there's that sneering leftist faux superiority, replete with a lily white guy complaining about whiteness.
Even their retraction was snotty:
I deleted my tweet expressing concerns about the Branstad nomination as I've been convinced that my concern was not justified. — Ian Millhiser (@imillhiser) December 7, 2016
Millhiser's original response was based on nothing more than knee-jerk bigotry and laziness. The attitude that they feel they needed to be convinced clings to the smugness instead of admitting they were wrong.
Top college free agent Will Butcher met with five teams on their first day of availability, reports John Wawrow of the Associated Press. The 2017 Hobey Baker winner, given to college hockey's best player, hit the open market at midnight on Wednesday after declining to sign an entry-level contract with the Avalanche.
The Buffalo Sabres, Vegas Golden Knights, and New Jersey Devils are among the five teams that met with Butcher on Wednesday, according to the player's agent, Stephen Bartlett. The Columbus Blue Jackets have also made a pitch to Butcher, per The Athletic's Craig Custance.
Bartlett told the Associated Press he's set to talk with other teams in the coming days.
On the flip side, The Athletic says the Chicago Blackhawks, Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings, and San Jose Sharks have not contacted Butcher. At this point, it's probably fair to scratch them off the list of potential suitors.
Butcher, 22, got drafted by the Avalanche in the fifth round of the 2013 NHL draft. The team never offered them a contract until this year, but with their draft rights set to expire on Aug. 15, they passed in favor of fielding offers from other teams. Coming off a breakout senior year at the University of Denver where their mobility and playmaking ability were on display, teams have lined up to take a flier on him.
Part of why Butcher will command so much interest is that he's limited by entry-level contract rules. That means the most any team can offer them is two years with a $925,000 base salary and up to $2.85 million in annual performance-related bonuses. Jimmy Vesey got those exact terms from the Rangers last year, and it's likely what it'll take to get Butcher to sign on the dotted line.
The risk is minimal given Butcher will also get those bonuses if they play well, so for teams looking for depth or another young player to enter the mix, Butcher is a logical target.
The Sabres and Devils both make a good deal of sense for Butcher given their lack of depth on defense. Buffalo has Rasmus Ristolainen, Marco Scandella, Zach Bogosian, Josh Gorges, Nathan Beaulieu, and Jake McCabe all making over $1 million, but Butcher would have a good chance to compete for playing time with the likes of Gorges, Beaulieu, and McCabe.
It's even more wide open in New Jersey, where Andy Greene, Damon Severson, John Moore, Ben Lovejoy, Dalton Prout, and Michael Kapla are on the only defensemen on the NHL roster right now. The Devils have some young options in Mirco Mueller, Steven Santini, Josh Jacobs, and former KHL defenseman Yaroslav Dyblenko, but there would be ample room for Butcher to assert himself.
The Golden Knights' situation seems less obvious given how crowded their blue line is. Vegas still has 11 defensemen under contract for next season, and only one of them (Shea Theodore) is waiver-exempt. So the team will need to make some moves before the season no matter what, and Butcher would be competing with a ton of other players for playing time in the NHL.
It's also possible Butcher signs with another team beyond the three that have been detailed, as their agent stays busy over the next few days. Either way, it's clear the sweepstakes is in full swing, and somebody will land a good defenseman prospect at a low price soon.
During the Flyers' six-game, 13-day road trip, Flyers goaltender Steve Mason will be keeping an exclusive blog of their travels with the team. Check out what they have to say below! DAYS 8-10: Off in Ottawa, G's event & boring plane ride
Snowed a good amount on gameday in Ottawa...
A pic of the guys waiting to get to the practice rink
Having a little trouble getting on the bus in my equipment!
Jeff Reese and myself on the ice early this morning in Ottawa
Not with the turbulence we had today, but sometimes Grossmann and I drift off to sleep during the flights. We're just joking around here after we took the photo posted on the Flyers Instagram today
Head equipment manager Derek Settlemyre and I are having a chat during warm-ups last night
Nice photo bomb by Coburn with me & Derek.
With a monstrous budget of above $60 million, With a monstrous budget of above $60 million, #Baywatch needed a hefty take at the box office to even break. Unfortunately, Variety is reporting that "The rebooted property should land a three-day total of $18.1 million from 3,647 locations and end the four-day holiday weekend with $22 million (not counting the money it made in sneaks on Wednesday)."
Error loading player: No playable sources found 
This is not exactly the best news for Producer Beau Flynn who, just days before the movie's premiere, This is not exactly the best news for Producer Beau Flynn who, just days before the movie's premiere, shared plans for a sequel:
"We have an amazing story already. We're bringing back Shannon and Swift who wrote on the first one, and I know Dwayne would be in, I know Zac and all the girls would be. We just have this really cool idea to put them in this whole new world. We would take it overseas.”
While the numbers alone could be enough to halt production on additional movies, the critics certainly didn't help matters with their scathing reviews of Baywatch , although movie star, fiercely defended the movie: While the numbers alone could be enough to halt production on additional movies, the critics certainly didn't help matters with their scathing reviews of, although movie star, #DwayneJohnson
What a shame to take this charming cast and maroon them in a morass of stale jokes and sub-sitcom-level plot twists in a remake that reads as a missed opportunity. —Common Sense Media A stupidly entertaining trash folly, the kind that could only be made today: an obscenity-and-insult-laced, aggressively "competent" adaptation of a 25-year-old TV show. —Variety
Paramount's Distribution Chief, Megan Colligan, Paramount's Distribution Chief, Megan Colligan, agrees the reviews were harsh but has hopes that the movie will do better overseas since the stars are about to start international promotions.
“I think we got pretty stung by reviews. It researches tested extremely well. We're hopeful that our international numbers will help us with our overall.”
Still, with a movie amassing far below its budget its opening weekend and a Baywatch , Part 2. Still, with a movie amassing far below its budget its opening weekend and a Rotten Tomatoes rating of 19%, Flynn may change their mind about, Part 2.
Have you seen Baywatch , or have the reviews impacted your decision to see it?
ExoPlayer 2 - It's here (plus FAQs)!
Olly Woodman Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2016
Today we'll be making our first release of ExoPlayer 2. This is a major iteration of the library. It includes significant API and architectural changes, as well as many new features.
Q: What happens to ExoPlayer 1?
ExoPlayer 2 will be our focus going forward. All new feature work will be developed in V2 and will not be back-ported. We will however continue to provide bug fixes for V1 for the foreseeable future.
Q: Should I migrate my application, and if so when?
Yes, but when depends on your resources, requirements and attitude to risk. The following information may help to guide your decision:
If V1 does everything you need then there's little reason to migrate as a matter of urgency. We'd still recommend migrating before Android O, however, since any tuning of ExoPlayer for the O release will be implemented in V2 and is unlikely to be back-ported.
V2 has many new features, and will be the version to which new features are added going forward. If you require these features, you'll need to migrate.
V1 is tried and tested, and is used in Google's own applications (e.g. YouTube) to power many millions of playbacks every day. We're just getting started migrating our applications to V2, and so we've yet to validate V2 in the field and at scale to the same extent as V1. We estimate that migrating our applications will take a couple of months.
V2 has a different package name to V1. This makes it possible to ship both versions in a single apk. Doing so and controlling the enabled version using server-side configuration is one option for migrating to V2 whilst at the same time mitigating risk. We intend to adopt this approach for some of our own applications.
Q: I'm trying to migrate, but feature X is no longer supported. What should I do?
This is not intentional, however such cases may occur. This is particularly true where custom extensions to the player are involved. Please file an issue on our issue tracker describing the problem.
Q: I'm developing a new application. Which version should I use?
For new applications we recommend ExoPlayer 2.
Home
Lists
TOP500
November 2016
November 2016
The 48th edition of the TOP500 list saw China and United States pacing each other for supercomputing supremacy. Both nations now claim 171 systems apiece in the latest rankings, accounting for two-thirds of the list. However, China has maintained its dominance at the top of the list with the same number 1 and 2 systems from six months ago: Sunway TaihuLight, at 93 petaflops, and Tianhe-2, at 34 petaflops. This latest edition of the TOP500 was announced Monday, November 14, at the SC16 conference in Salt Lake City, Utah.
After US and China, Germany claims the most systems with 32, followed by Japan with 27, France with 20, and the UK with 17. A year ago the US was the clear leader with 200 systems, while China had 108, Japan had 37, Germany had 33, and both France and the UK had 18.
In addition to matching each other in system count in the latest rankings, China and the US are running neck and neck in aggregate Linpack performance. The US holds the narrowest of leads, with 33.9 percent of the total; China is second with 33.3 percent. The total performance of all 500 computers on the list is now 672 petaflops, a 60 percent increase from a year ago.
The top of the list did receive a mild shakeup with two new systems in the top ten. The Cori supercomputer, a Cray XC40 system installed at Berkeley Lab's National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center (NERSC), slipped into the number 5 slot with a Linpack rating of 14.0 petaflops. Right behind it at number 6 is the new Oakforest-PACS supercomputer, a Fujitsu PRIMERGY CX1640 M1 cluster, which recorded a Linpack mark of 13.6 petaflops. Oakforest-PACS is up and running at Japan's Joint Center for Advanced High Performance Computing (JCAHPC). Both machines owe their computing prowess to the Intel “Knights Landing” Xeon Phi 7250, a 68-core processor that delivers 3 peak teraflops of performance.
The addition of Cori and Oakforest-PACS pushed every system below them a couple of notches down, with the exception of Piz Daint, a Cray supercomputer installed at the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre (CSCS). It maintained its spot at number 8 as a result of a massive 3.5 petaflop upgrade, courtesy of newly installed NVIDIA P100 Tesla GPUs.
Piz Daint also has the honor of being the second most energy-efficient supercomputer in the TOP500, with a rating of 7.45 gigaflops/watt. It is topped by NVIDIA's in-house DGX SATURNV system, the only other system on the list equipped with the new P100 GPUs. It is a 3.3-petaflop cluster of DGX-1 servers that delivers 9.46 gigaflops/watt. To offer some perspective here, the nominal goal for the first exascale systems is 50 gigaflops/watt.
TOP 10 Sites for November 2016
For more information about the sites and systems in the list, click on the links or view the complete list.
By: Staff –
The Field Trip Music Festival has revealed its 2016 line-up.
Headlining the 2016 edition will be Brooklyn indie rock band The National, along with Swedish electropop artist Robyn.
In addition to The National, and Robyn, other announced artists include: July Talk, Santigold, Of Montreal, DIIV, Charles Bradley, Jazz Cartier, Boy and Bear, Bully, Holy Fuck, Plants and Animals, Basia Bulat, Dear Rouge, Ra Ra Riot, Jason Collett, Tei Shi, Eliot Sumner, Meg Mac, Lennon and Maisy, Brave Shores, Tor Miller, Kalle Mattson, Charlotte Day Wilson, and Most People.
Tickets go on sale Monday, February 22nd at 10am with weekend GA passes at $125, VIP weekend passes at $200, GA single day passes at $75, and VIP single day passes at $125.
2016 VIP Passes Include:
* Priority Gate For Festival Entry
* VIP Washroom Amenities
* VIP Seating Area
* Exclusive / Premium Food & Beverage Offerings
* VIP Cell Phone Charging Station
* VIP Water Refill Station
Field Trip 2016 also brings another exciting year of expansion of its “Day Camp” programming, where children 12 years old and under are admitted for free to enjoy a wealth of youth-focused activities and performances.
As well, Field Trip 2016 promises the return of the Laugh Barracks, its indoor comedy showcase featuring performances from some of Toronto's newest and best loved joke tellers.
Field Trip 2016 will also feature numerous artists in residence, each helping to transform Fort York into an unforgettable visual exploration. Adding to that experience will be Field Trip's second custom virtual reality experience, inspired by one of the festival's performers and free for all attendees to try.
“There are many amazing festival experiences available to people these days, but we take great pride in the intimacy and diversity of Field Trip, and the deep connection we have with the City of Toronto,” said Aaron Miller, Manager of Events at Arts & Crafts. “Field Trip guarantees something for all of us, and something new each and every year.”
Last year's festival included performances by My Morning Jacket, Alabama Shakes, Rhye, Purity Ring, Marina and the Diamonds, Arkells, The War On Drugs, and more.
The Field Trip Music Festival will return to Fort York in Toronto on June 4th and 5th.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/v2WQ
— A Fayetteville teen was arrested Thursday and accused of spiking their grandmother's Easter dinner with insecticide, according to an arrest warrant.
Tyt'ana Lisa-Nicole Johnson, 17, of 206 Harrison St., was charged with two counts of attempted first-degree murder. They were being held Friday in the Cumberland County jail under a $500,000 bond.
According to a warrant, Johnson tried to kill Gaylon Moody on Sunday by pouring insecticide and termite killer into a pot of collard greens cooking on the stove, knowing that Moody planned to eat them.
Moody said it was payback after they confiscated their granddaughter's cellphone for a week.
"I just couldn't understand it," Moody said Friday. "Over a cellphone, you want to kill somebody?"
They said they cooked their collard greens and the rest of dinner before heading off to church for Easter services. Later, they and friend Clifton Evans sat down to eat.
"About an hour and a half later, we started getting sick," they said. "My fingers started feeling numb, (and it spread to) my chest, my face, my mouth."
They tried to drive to Cape Fear Valley Medical Center but weren't able to.
"We were staggering like we were intoxicated, but neither one of us drank," they said.
"You couldn't smell it. You couldn't taste it," Evans said. "We couldn't even stand up we were so weak."
A friend of Moody's who overheard Johnson making suspicious comments about sickening their grandmother rushed over and drove Moody and Evans to the hospital, where they were treated and spent the night.
On Wednesday, Moody said, they found an empty pesticide bottle in a cabinet at home, and they and Evans confronted their granddaughter, who confessed to the poisoning.
"She said, 'Mr. Evans, I didn't mean to make you sick. I was trying to get back at grandma,'" Evans said. "They got them locked up, but they need help. Seriously, something's wrong with them People don't do that over cellphones."
Moody and Evans were able to laugh at the episode on Friday, noting that Evans enjoyed the collards so much they grabbed a second helping.
"That was good. I was loving it," they said. "Even with the stuff on it."
Johnson, a junior and an honor roll student at Terry Sanford High School, was ordered to stay away from Moody and Evens if they post bond. They would go into the custody of the Cumberland County Department of Social Services.
Moody and Evans said they have forgiven her, but Evans said he's learned a lesson from the incident.
"I ain't eating nobody's collard greens now except my mother's," they said.
The traditional news media is supposed to be an unbiased source of information. It's where people get their information about what is going on in the world. However that doesn't seem to be the case if you're Hillary Clinton. Then it seems that news organizations are wanting to support you.
Thanks to a Conservative Twitter user, there is video evidence that shows that CNN was doing what they could to promote Hillary Clinton. Granted that politics are a big topic this year, with it being an election year, they seem to have gone above and beyond reporting what was going on.
The two hosts were nearing the end of a segment when they were talking about donors. At the very end of a talking point, the male host almost exclaims, “We couldn't help them any more than we have! She's gotten just a free ride from the media, we're the biggest ones promoting their campaign!”
What was that? You're actively promoting their campaign? Well if that doesn't sound like an endorsement then I have no idea what one sounds like.
If Clinton is getting a free endorsement from the media, then how could anyone opposing them stand a chance? Coupled with the fact that WikiLeaks released some emails that show the Democratic National Committee leader trying to get a reporter to apologize for criticizing them shows just how far the Democrats are trying to go to get support.
Even though Clinton is receiving all of this coverage, it can also backfire. Anything bad that happens to them is automatically covered and sent out across all the news stations. For example when it was recommended that they get no charges for their email scandal, the news media broadcast that for a long time.
As a result of the attention, their poll numbers took a serious drop. So even though it seems like a bad thing that Clinton was getting so much media attention, the second that anything bad happens to them everyone in America will know about it.
This can be a good thing because the Democratic National Convention is coming up and there appears to be more emails being released by the WikiLeaks organization. That will mean more bad publicity for the Democrats AND Clinton.
They might have tried to use the media to only say good things about their party, but the Democrats might have finally run out of luck. Share this article if you think that the increased media attention is going to ultimately hurt Clinton in the long run. They have too many skeletons in the closet, and they're about to be released.
Ellen Page Attached To Lesbian Legal Drama Freeheld By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend Freeheld, which recently secured funding and appears ready to go before the cameras.
The narrative will take its cues from an Oscar-winning documentary short, according to
Freeheld will be financed by Incognito Pictures, a new production company headed up by veteran producers Jack Selby and Scott Stone. It's an admirable story to tell, though we'll track the film's progress with interest because it's the latest in a line of mature roles Page seems to be seeking. They recently wrapped production on The East, where they play the member of an anarchist organization. They recently are seen in Woody Allen's latest, To Rome With Love.
But the fresh-faced Page continues to be associated with the teenage pregnancy comedy Juno, the X-Men sequel, or the terrifying Hard Candy until they outgrow their youthful features and proves they can convincingly carry a serious drama. Freeheld certainly sounds like it is going to give them the opportunity to prove she's ready to take the next step as an evolving actor. We can't wait to see how it plays out. Ellen Page is only 25, but they already have compiled an impressive resume of vastly different film projects, avoiding Hollywood's desire to pigeonhole young talents along the way. In an ongoing effort to challenge themselves by accepting inventive roles, Page has attached their name to the gay-rights drama, which recently secured funding and appears ready to go before the cameras.The narrative will take its cues from an Oscar-winning documentary short, according to Deadline . Page would play Stacie Andree, a lesbian who was denied the pension benefits of their partner, Laurel Hester, after Hester – a New Jersey police detective – became terminally ill. The story follows Andree's fight for representation alongside Hester's police partner, Dane Wells … a staunch conservative who was unaware of Hester's sexual orientation.will be financed by Incognito Pictures, a new production company headed up by veteran producers Jack Selby and Scott Stone. It's an admirable story to tell, though we'll track the film's progress with interest because it's the latest in a line of mature roles Page seems to be seeking. They recently wrapped production on, where they play the member of an anarchist organization. They recently are seen in Woody Allen's latest,But the fresh-faced Page continues to be associated with the teenage pregnancy comedy, thesequel, or the terrifyinguntil they outgrow their youthful features and proves they can convincingly carry a serious drama.certainly sounds like it is going to give them the opportunity to prove she's ready to take the next step as an evolving actor. We can't wait to see how it plays out. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Thanks for the A2A.
The Romans rarely conquered places that weren't already economically developed, meaning the inhabitants already practiced a sophisticated form of agriculture with crop rotations. The exceptions to this rule:
Gaul - conquered because Caesar needed glory and cash to get their career moving in the right direction.
- conquered because Caesar needed glory and cash to get their career moving in the right direction. Dacia - conquered because Trajan heard about gold mines north of the Danube and because the Carpathian mountains provided a stronger defense than the Danube.
- conquered because Trajan heard about gold mines north of the Danube and because the Carpathian mountains provided a stronger defense than the Danube. Britannia - conquered because Claudius already had the name thanks to their father “Germanicus” and wanted to add “Britannicus” for propaganda purposes.
The conquest of Briannia began around 42 CE and continued to provide propaganda value until at least the year 69. So given the timeline in the question we can rule out conquest of the Americas in 50 CE for the sake of propaganda; misty, mysterious Britannia with its vicious tribesmen provided the Julio-Claudian's with headlines at a fraction of the price.*
If the Romans did manage to sail across the Atlantic, they wouldn't have found very complex farming societies at all. From the US East Coast to the Great Plains were primarily hunter-gather societies. As stated above, this would not have been worth the effort of conquest. In the south, the rainforests of Brazil would have prevented exploration. Mexico was home to the more sophisticated farming systems, but still would have required heavy investment on the part of the Roman Emperor to make this land productive - on par with investment made in Britannia and Gaul.
If the Romans somehow got to the Americas from the Pacific side, they would have sailed up and down the coast and found that the complex agrarian societies in modern-day Colombia, Equador, Peru, Bolivia, and northern Chile would be tempting - but they'd have to find their way through the Andes. Considering that in the year 50 CE, the Romans were only about 35 years removed from conquering the Alps, it's possible they would be up for the challenge. On the other hand, the Romans considered the recent Alpine crossing “a miracle” and they'd lived right under the Alps for more than 200 years.
Even if the Romans stumbled on Mexico and decided they wanted to make the huge investment to conquer an area and then send over the farming tools, engineers and other experts needed, they still would have taken a rational approach and realized that it was simply too far away for them to govern.
The Romans sacked the enormously wealthy cities of Ctesiphon and Seleucia in modern-day Iraq three times, and each time they retreated. Why? Because they understood that it was just too far away to be governed effectively from Rome. The currents were advantageous for getting from Spain to Mexico, but it is still far too long of a haul.
The Romans were unwilling to hold onto Ctesiphon and Selecucia (near modern-day Baghdad) , two of the wealthiest cities in the world, because they were too far away to govern. The idea that they would be willing to govern colonies in Mexico is silly. The legions would have come and left without even trying to conquer.
Perhaps there would be trade missions, and seeing as most Roman technology was handed down to Europeans in the middle ages, there's a chance America develops long-term ties with Europe much earlier, and the cultural and technological exchange allows America to develop apace with Europe. As a result, Native Americans are not surprised by smallpox and gunpowder 1,450 years later, and American ethnicity is very different than it is today
For the record, the Romans would have probably called the new world “Seres” which was what they called China, much in the same way Columbus called the first islands they saw “Indies.” They'd never come across China but they knew it existed, and that the local “Seres” were barbaric.
In my opinion, the Romans were such a land-based Empire that they were more likely to conquer India than the Americas.
*Tom Holland gives a great account of the value of the British conquest to Roman morale. You'll also get a general account of the political dynamics that led to the conquest of “poor” territories: Dynasty: The Rise and Fall of the House of Caesar: Tom Holland: 9780385537841: Amazon.com: Books
Hyundai A-League to celebrate Star Wars Round
Football Federation Australia (FFA) and The Walt Disney Company Australia join forces for the Star Wars Round, which kicks off Friday 8 December, 2017.
The Star Wars Round will see Hyundai A-League clubs battle it out on the field ahead of Star Wars: The Last Jedi releasing in cinemas 14 December, 2017.
The Star Wars Round will feature character appearances, big screen content, themed activities, special signage and giveaways.
To celebrate the Star Wars Round, a limited edition BB-8 supporter ball has been produced, which will be available for purchase through the official Hyundai A-League online store, shop.a-league.com.au, club stores, and selected Rebel stores in Queensland. Western Sydney Wanderers FC and Melbourne City FC will also have a select range of club-specific co-branded merchandise available.
FFA chief executive David Gallop said FFA is thrilled to partner with Lucasfilm on this exciting initiative.
“Star Wars is one of the world's most powerful brands and football is the world's biggest sport. Like football, Star Wars has super fans that span the globe, it's a hugely successful franchise and to incorporate this into a round of the Hyundai A-League is very exciting.
“We are constantly looking to engage with new audiences and expand the football family, and this partnership provides a great way to do so in what is mutually beneficial for both parties,” Mr Gallop said.
“We are thrilled to bring Star Wars, and its much-loved characters to Hyundai A-League stadiums across Australia ahead of the release of Star Wars: The Last Jedi on December 14,” Managing Director of The Walt Disney Company, Australia and New Zealand Kylie Watson-Wheeler said.
“Competitive sport can produce some of the most enthralling storylines, much like the acclaimed suite of Star Wars films, and we look forward to celebrating the hero's journey through best-practice activations, content and experiences for families and fans alike.”
As part of Star Wars Round, a co-branded video has been released, showcasing the excitement, entertainment and high-stakes of both brands.
To view the piece, please click HERE.
Visit our Star Wars Round page for more information
Since February, PRA has been covering the emergence of theocratic, white nationalist candidates from both major parties running for public office in Maryland. Now, two of them, Joe Delimater and Michael Peroutka, are, respectively, the Republican candidates for sheriff and county council. Peroutka, a wealthy attorney and 2004 Constitution Party presidential candidate, has a good chance at winning in their historically Republican council district. The controversy over their candidacy has become hot in the media and in state politics—but there is still an elephant in the room.
Leading Democrats, Republicans, and editorial writers in Maryland have called on Peroutka to disavow the neo-Confederate agenda of, and their personal involvement in, the white nationalist, secessionist League of the South. (Peroutka was a member of the board of directors of the League in 2013, and remains a defiantly proud member.). A conservative columnist recently worried that Peroutka will be a drag on the national Republican Party in 2014. Others have called on the GOP to decide if it will stand by and allow Peroutka to win their race for county council in their historically Republican district.
That is a useful discussion. But there is an eerie silence about other obvious aspects of the vision of the League, Peroutka, and their closest religious and political associates. The fact is that they are involved not in an eccentric nostalgia for retrograde racial politics and wishful thinking about secession of the Southern states so much as a revolutionary vision of theocratic, white nationalist violence.
Peroutka certainly holds views that are far beyond anything that could be described as “conservative.” But let's consider the views of their close friends and allies in the League of the South, the organization they used to lead and which they refuse to distance himself. For example, their friend and ally Michael Hill, the president of the Alabama-based League of the South has, among other things, called for the formation of death squads to take out American government officials and journalists and for white men of all ages to become “citizen soldiers” in a great modern defense of archaic notions of Christendom.
On July 15, just a week after Peroutka's upset win in the primary for the GOP nomination for Anne Arundel County Council, League president Michael Hill published an essay on the organization's web site. Hill's essay advocated for the deployment of death squads in the context of guerrilla civil war, in which “the lines between the military and the political, economic, cultural, and social are blurred past the point of recognition.” This essay, titled “A Bazooka in Every Pot,” describes this effort as featuring “three-to-five-man” units with a hair-raising mission: “The primary targets will not be enemy soldiers,” Hill wrote. “Instead, they will be political leaders, members of the hostile media, cultural icons, bureaucrats, and other of the managerial elite without whom the engines of tyranny don't run.”
On July 25, Hill followed up with an essay in which they call on the young men of “Christendom” to become “citizen-soldiers” in the battles against the tyranny of our time. They see themselves and their comrades as part of a long line of such men, invoking historic battles with Islamic armies going back to the Battle of Tours in the 8th century. Their role models for warriors for Christendom, however, are the White Westerners who fought against Black liberation movements in Southern Africa in the 1970s. “So if Western men in past times were willing to fight for their civilization in remote areas of the world,” they asked, “shouldn't we expect them to be just as willing to fight for that civilization here at its very heart—the South?”
“The traditions and truths of Western Christendom are anathema to the [Obama] regime,” they concluded. “The tyrants' regime and Western Christendom cannot co-exist—that is not possible. One must win and the other must disappear. It is indeed the ultimate Zero Sum game.”
In their 2102 keynote address at the League national conference, Peroutka declared: “I don't disagree with Dr. Hill at all that this regime [apparently referring to the Obama administration] is beyond reform, and I think that's an obvious fact, and I agree with him.” Then they added a glimpse of their own theocratic vision for what might come next:
“However, I agree that when you secede, or however the destruction of the rubble of this regime takes place and how it plays out, you're going to need to take a biblical world view, and apply it to civil law and government. That's what you're still going to need to do. We're going to have this foundational information in the hearts and minds of the people or else liberty won't survive the secession either.”
The Past is Prologue
Michael Hill epitomizes the escalation of the open expression of violent ideologies, as I discussed in an essay in The Public Eye in June titled “Rumblings of Theocratic Violence.” One of the featured characters was David Whitney, who leads a small church in Pasadena, Maryland, and is Peroutka's pastor and business partner in the Institute on the Constitution. Whitney has justified the assassination of abortion providers—calling it “biblically justifiable homicide.” They have also called for establishing theocratic governance under Biblical law; restricting citizenship to Christians of the right sort; forming citizen militias to resist governmental tyranny; and leading imprecatory prayer against the White House staff—including, presumably, against President Obama. Whitney is the chaplain of the Maryland chapter of the League of the South.
On July 8, Peroutka e-mailed Hill asking them to help get League members to support their campaign. (Hill posted the e-mail under the headline: “A political victory for us in Maryland!”) Peroutka wrote, “I ask you to ask the membership for prayers and for whatever financial support they can muster. I am grateful for our friendship and for the work of LS. [League of the South].” (Apparently the members came through, because the League has already sponsored telephone polls in their district.)
Peroutka and their running mate, GOP candidate for county sheriff Joe Delimater, provide the League a measure of democratic legitimacy for its anti-democratic, revolutionary aims. But Hill's vision of armed resistance to the alleged tyranny of the state and federal government and their open call for covert teams of assassins make Michael Peroutka's claim to oppose racism seem like a small bit of political spin in a gathering political storm of far greater consequence.
Unsurprisingly, the League is a political home for other would-be violent revolutionaries. Former Green Beret Michael Tubbs, for example, was a League leader in Florida when Intelligence Report, the magazine of the Southern Poverty Law Center, revealed in 2004 that Tubbs was actually a convicted “Aryan” terrorist. Tubbs had been arrested with arms, explosives, and a hit list that included newspapers, television stations, and businesses owned by Jews and Blacks. As the SPLC's profile on the League reports, “When these embarrassing facts were revealed, Hill and other league leaders allowed Tubbs to stay on, saying he'd paid their debt to society.”
So far, the political community has been eerily silent about the explicitly violent intentions of the emerging Peroutka faction of American public life. Hill's recent call for the formation of death squads has been reported only by Jonathan Hutson at the Huffington Post and Van Smith at the Baltimore City Paper. This explicit and specific call for violence is part of several related trends involving ideologies and actions related to the ideas of nullification and secession, as well as related ideologies of theocratic violence among elements of the Christian Right. We are seeing one manifestation of these trends on vivid display in Anne Arundel County. Some of us, that is.
What sort of philosophers is we who know absolutely nothing about the origin and destiny of cats?
- Henry David Thoreau
When we use the word cat, we tend to think that the word cat is synonymous with felines such as house cats, lions, and tigers. But it wasn't always so. Nobody knows for sure where word cat comes from, but one thing is certain: The word cat does not actually mean cat. This is evident from various compound words in which cat occurs in the Germanic languages. Modern English may tend to be more discriminate about the term, and truly most of us think of the pet variety when we use it in common speech. But there are some revealing exceptions: Pussycat, meerkat, and polecat are all distinctly different animals. Quite a few examples surivive in the Scandinavian languages, and their origins harken back to the Old Norse tongue. The Norwegian røyskatt (stoat), from ON hreysiköttr (literally "cairn cat") is one example, another is apekatt, which means monkey (literally "ape cat"). Swedish retains the ancient Nordic word for hedgehog, igelkott.
cat means "small mammal", and furry animals in particular.
Stoat (mustela erminea). Photo: Kevin Law / Creative Commons
The European wildcat died out in Scandinavia at some point during Nordic Bronze Age (between 1800 and 500 BCE). But domestic cats were present as far North as Poland by the Pre-Roman Iron Age (500 BCE until the start of the Common Era). They reached Scandinavia not long after. It's presumed that the word cat, in its then Proto-Germanic form *kattuz tagged along with the domestic cat from the Roman, Latin speaking south where it was called cattus/catta. The problem is that the select few Latin sources we have for this word are all from the 5th and 6th centuries CE, hundreds of years after cats made it to Scandinavia.
Judging by its form, the word must have come to the Nordic before the cattus and *kattuz is great enough to assume it is a loanword, despite the late attestation. So what is the rationale behind all these unrelated critters being called cats? The only logical explanation is thatmeans "small mammal", and furry animals in particular.The European wildcat died out in Scandinavia at some point during Nordic Bronze Age (between 1800 and 500 BCE). But domestic cats were present as far North as Poland by the Pre-Roman Iron Age (500 BCE until the start of the Common Era). They reached Scandinavia not long after. It's presumed that the word, in its then Proto-Germanic form *tagged along with the domestic cat from the Roman, Latin speaking south where it was called. The problem is that the select few Latin sources we have for this word are all from the 5th and 6th centuries CE, hundreds of years after cats made it to Scandinavia.Judging by its form, the word must have come to the Nordic before the i-umlaut raged through the language, which changed the vowel i place names like Kettinge in Denmark. Likewise, it's not entirely clear whether the Latin sources exclusively refer to the house pet that meows and catches rodents, or if they also applied it to other small animals. At any rate, the similarity between the Latin and Proto-Germanic formsand *is great enough to assume it is a loanword, despite the late attestation.
Carved pael from the Oseberg cart. Photo: KHM, UiO
Many things indicate that the word had been on a long journey before it arrived in Scadinavia. Nubian 'kadis' and Berber 'kadiska', words both meaning cat, hint to a possible Afro-Asiatic origin. This makes sense, because the cat was most likely first domesticated in Africa or the Middle East, and was originally unfamiliar to the ancient Greeks and Romans. Perhaps the Romans also changed the name of the animal from felis to cattus/catta when they were introduced to the domestic cat.
When the cat came to Scandinavia we had other words for felines as well. In Norwegian these survive as lo and gaupe - the lynx. We will never know why didn't they use these words to describe the new, tame, miniature version, but it's doubtful that many purists will lose much sleep over it. The new animal brought economical and hygienic benefits, for example to farmers suffering from mice-infested granaries.
But what about all the other Scandinavian animals that have -katt as a suffix? Norwegian røyskatt, Swedish lekatt, and Danish lækatt all denote the same animal; the stoat. Then there is the asupervisorstioned igulköttr, which lives on as the Swedish word for hedgehog - igelkott. Ígull is an old Germanic name for the hedgehog, and le-/læ- may be an ancient word for stoat, while Norwegian røys-, meaning cairn, points to where the animal prefers to live. Some have also speculated that Freyja's cats in reality may have been stoats or weasels. European monkeys are comparably small, and as we know from before, monkeys are called "ape-cats" in Norwegian. Today we distinguish between apes, which are big, and monkeys which are small. What all of these animals have in common is the fact that they are small in size, and that they are mammals. Accordingly, we must assume that cat originally meant "a small mammal". Perhaps the reason why only the purring newcomer got the honor of being named cat without a prefix or suffix, is because they didn't know it by any previous name.
Image courtesy Rijksmuseum Amsterdam
Further reading:
Clarke is Chief Electrical Engineer with the RMIT Electric Racing team, which is aiming to consolidate its position as the creator of Australia's leading Formula SAE electric vehicle.
“We have to build a whole new car this year,” Clarke said. “We take all the engineering data from previous years and look for improvements.
“I'm planning for the car to be lighter and faster this year – and hopefully we'll win.”
Clarke's colleague Alex Panjkov will be in the driver's seat when the current electric racing car takes to the track at the 2017 Formula 1 Rolex Australian Grand Prix this week.
Panjkov will take it for a spin at the Albert Park track at 11am on Thursday (23 March).
“I'm quite jealous,” said Clarke. “But I get to drive in competition later this year, depending on my skills.”
The car's specs are impressive: peak power 75kW, maximum torque 240Nm, top speed of 120km/h and zero to 100km/h in 3.14 seconds.
The team's participation at Albert Park this week is just part of the link between RMIT and the 2017 Formula 1 Rolex Australian Grand Prix.
RMIT is a strategic partner in the Industry and Innovation Precinct, the destination for thousands of students, future innovators and entrepreneurs.
Martin Bean CBE, RMIT Vice-Chancellor and President, said: “Our partnership is a fantastic opportunity to showcase the work our students do across so many disciplines.
“Visitors to the RMIT marquee will see how our students and staff are shaping the world, through automotive design, virtual reality, smart textiles, robotics, entrepreneurship and much more.”
More than engineering
RMIT Electric Racing formed in 2008 and built the first electric vehicle to take part in the Formula SAE competition, organised by the Society of Automotive Engineers International.
Formula SAE is the largest engineering competition in the world with more than 500 university teams, and events on every continent.
Clarke is in the fourth and final year of a Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical and Electronic Engineering) (Honours).
But their colleagues in the team are drawn from a very wide range of disciplines.
“We need mechanics, of course, but we also involve people without an engineering background.
“We have quite a big business team to deal with finances. Then there's an audiovisual team, public relations students and people who help as marshals.
“This year we've even had a nursing student join the team.
“It's a whole little business we have running – it's pretty dynamic and hones our skills. We're putting things we learn in class into practice, so it solidifies our learning.”
Team Manager Taylor Mather, who's studying an Associate Degree in Engineering Technology, started out doing events and social media.
“Now I am responsible for personnel, as well as business, sponsorship and marketing for the team," they say.
“The team's best achievement is getting to fifth in the world rankings. For me, it's fantastic to be able to take such an amazing group to competition so they can see their hard work come to life.
“I think my time at RMIT would have been fine but I wouldn't have had anywhere near as much fun if I hadn't joined the team.”
The world is watching
Taking part in the team also boosts job prospects.
“Tesla came through the garage at the competition in December to talk to the team,” Clarke said.
“They were talent-spotting, looking for engineers. Being on the team gets you off to a flying start.”
There are other important people in the crowd. Mather said their family came to the FSAE competition late last year after asking why they spent so much time in the workshop.
“They turned to me and said that they were really impressed with how the car looked and how fast it was out on track.”
Story: David Glanz
Blame Nixon for the obesity epidemic
Instead, you're gonna pay a tax on all that extra weight, which will help offset the healthcare costs you're sure to incur.
You want to be obese? Fine. Keep chowing down, big guy or gal. Just don't expect those who pursue sensible, healthful choices to pay for you.
Commenting on the panel's decision, my colleague Paul Whitefield argues that we can't afford it. "The solution?" they write . "It's not government-approved and insurance-paid-for counseling. It's a fat tax." They continue:
As obesity rates increase, so too do obesity-related health problems and associated costs. Still, a federal health advisory panel has formally recommended additional care in the form of intensive counseling.
Don't like it? OK. Don't get fat. Problem solved.
It's as American as apple pie (not a la mode, though)! It's a personal responsibility thing, with a financial incentive thrown in.
I'm not sure I agree. I think for a lot of people, food is like a drug. If we're going to treat drug addiction like a disease, per the recommendation of Gil Kerlikowske, President Obama's top drug policy advisor, we should take a similar approach toward caring for food addicts.
Laugh all you want, but the food that's expanding our collective waistline has been designed to make us keep coming back for more, more, more. And I'm not just talking about the McDonald's fries.
In an examination of the food we eat, Jacques Peretti says it's not just the sugar we're eating, it's also the sugar we don't know we're eating. In a fascinating article in the Guardian, they trace the origin of our dilemma to Richard Nixon.
The story begins in 1971. Richard Nixon was facing re-election. The Vietnam war was threatening their popularity at home, but just as big an issue with voters was the soaring cost of food. If Nixon was to survive, they needed food prices to go down, and that required getting a very powerful lobby on board -- the farmers. Nixon appointed Earl Butz, an academic from the farming heartland of Indiana, to broker a compromise. Butz, an agriculture expert, had a radical plan that would transform the food we eat, and in doing so, the shape of the human race.
Butz pushed farmers into a new, industrial scale of production, and into farming one crop in particular: corn. U.S. cattle were fattened by the immense increases in corn production. Burgers became bigger. Fries, fried in corn oil, became fattier. Corn became the engine for the massive surge in the quantities of cheaper food being supplied to American supermarkets: everything from cereals, to biscuits and flour found new uses for corn. […]
By the mid-70s, there was a surplus of corn. Butz flew to Japan to look into a scientific innovation that would change everything: the mass development of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS), or glucose-fructose syrup as it's often referred to in the UK, a highly sweet, gloppy syrup, produced from surplus corn, that was also incredibly cheap. HFCS had been discovered in the 50s, but it was only in the 70s that a process had been found to harness it for mass production. HFCS was soon pumped into every conceivable food: pizzas, coleslaw, meat. It provided that "just baked" sheen on bread and cakes, made everything sweeter, and extended shelf life from days to years.
In addition to corn, Peretti blames the low-fat movement.
Rihanna's new music video will arrive in style tomorrow (Thursday, June 30).
The 'Sledgehammer' visual is premiering in IMAX, making it the first music video ever to do that.
There's also a bit of it available to watch already, kindly tweeted by Rihanna:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The sci-fi flavour of the video is appropriate given Star Trek Beyond . The sci-fi flavour of the video is appropriate given the song was recorded for
It also represents a co-writing reunion with Sia, who last collaborated with Rihanna for 2012's 'Diamonds'. You can listen to the track in full It also represents a co-writing reunion with Sia, who last collaborated with Rihanna for 2012's 'Diamonds'. You can listen to the track in full here
From the tweet, it seems that the video will be available to watch on Tidal and Vevo at 10am ET tomorrow (3pm UK time), an hour after its IMAX debut. Further details of the premiere have not yet been announced.
In other Rihanna news, they In other Rihanna news, they ripped up the rulebook for their first ever headline show at London's Wembley Stadium on Friday (June 24) and will play further dates across the UK this week.
The shows are in support of their eighth studio album Anti , which was released back in January.
Crown3DS released!After several months' development and testing,we are glad to announce that we have created the world's first real 3DS flashcard--Crown3DS.We did the test and confirmed that Crown3DS was running 3DS games successfully on a V2.1.0-4 3DS console(video below). This is a great progress,and now we are trying to dump more 3DS games and do more tests, we will fix all the bugs and make sure it is working stable and compatible with all the 3DS games.This YouTube video is showing Crown3DS running the 3DS game--splinter cell3d.3ds, the capability of this game is 512MB.Until now,crown3ds can not run all of the 3DS games because of some tech problems, so our next plan is to dump more 3DS games to enhance the Crown3DS game compatibility.Crown3DS Teamsupport@crown3ds.com2011/9/15and also this video[youtube]mZtX0RxGWaI[/youtube]Edit: i searched this card and aslo contacted the official site, got some more info. I also sent the official site a email to confirm it, here is their reply.QUOTEHi,thanks for sending us the email, the crown3ds is our latest flaschard, it is completely a new 3ds flashcard which can run 3DS games in your 3ds console. we have finished some tests and confirmed that our card can work on some 3DS games, though some games are still not working because of the tech problem, we believe our engineers will solve the problems soon, at present, we need to dump more 3ds games and do more tests, we hope we can release a 100% working card ASAP. In the next few weeks, we will release more details about our Crown3ds flashcard, such as the specifications, performance, pics and the release date,etc. Please keep focused on our site/youtube/facebook/Twitter to get more update news.Thanks for your supportCrown3ds Team
I've got a problem with my website.
There are now more than a billion users of Google's Chrome browser. And when any of those arrive on my site–www.marksgroup.net–a little “i” icon shows up in the address bar. It means my site isn't secure. Up until now, that really hasn't been such a big deal. But it's about to be.
I don't sell anything off my site which means I don't accept credit cards. But I do ask for users to submit their contact information when signing up for an event or to download a whitepaper. And that's where the problem occurs.
My site uses a HTTP (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol) connection which is not as secure as the encrypted HTTPS (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure) method. A lot of small businesses I know are the same.
It's not a big change to make, but it does make a big difference. Because the data is not encrypted, an HTTP protocol not only makes it much easier for hackers to steal passwords or other information as the data moves around the web but it also enables them to copy a website or page so that users may be fooled into browsing and submitting data to a counterfeit site. The good news is that many sites have been transitioning to HTTPS–in fact, more than half of Chrome's desktop pages are now connecting via this more secure method. But Google wants things to move faster.
Google's plan, according to a company blog post made late last week, is to label HTTP sites that accept credit card and password data “more clearly and accurately as non-secure” for Chrome users and will start doing this in January, 2017.
The plan will intensify over the coming months. In future releases of Chrome, Google intends to make the HTTP warnings more obvious–particularly to those who like to browse “incognito” where there is a perception that security and privacy is better (it's not.).
If your website, like mine, is either accepting credit cards or other data and still using the old HTTP protocol then our visitors are going to be warned by Google that their information may not be secure as they enter it. And the last thing we want to do is to drive customers away for fear that the information they submit could be compromised. If you want to fix this yourself, then Google offers help for setting up an HTTPS site here.
I'm emailing my webmaster as soon as I'm done writing this.
Gene Marks is a columnist who owns the Marks Group, a Bala Cynwyd Pa. consulting firm that helps clients with customer relationship management. Follow Gene Marks and On Small Business on Twitter.
First-term senator Alejandro Guillier seems to be enjoying a Trump-like political ascent, but their policies have more in common with the center-left
A TV celebrity aims to become president so they can shake up a profoundly conservative political establishment, but this time it is not Donald Trump in the United States but a leftwing, green-minded former news anchor in Chile who is milking their fame to make a surprisingly strong challenge for power.
Alejandro Guillier, a veteran journalist who launched the weekly TV show Zero Tolerance, has surged to second place in the polls in recent months, which puts them in a strong position to represent the ruling Nueva Mayoría (New Majority) coalition in the presidential poll on 19 November.
There is still a long way to go, but the first-term senator appears to be enjoying an almost Trump-like political ascent, first to become the only upper house representative of their small Radical Social Democratic party and now, as primary campaigns are about to begin, to have pulled ahead of candidates from bigger parties in the governing bloc.
In the latest Adimark poll, Guillier was backed by 25%, while their nearest rival on the left had a mere 4%. The favourite, however, remains former president Sebastián Piñera, a conservative billionaire who has a 29% support rate despite multiple corruption allegations.
We need to make a qualitative leap to a freer society with greater equality. We must reinvent ourselves Alejandro Guillier
The Economist has suggested that Guillier could yet emulate Trump by riding a populist wave to snatch victory. But despite the parallels in trajectory and celebrity, the two could not be further apart in attitude and ideology.
“Yes, I am popular because for 25 years, I was on TV and radio, reaching the homes and workplaces of Chileans,” Guillier said in a phone interview with the Guardian. “But I am as distant from the Trump administration as I am from the Venezuela government. For me, it's important to build a consensus.”
Their policies – increased spending on health, education and pensions; improved access to abortions; greater autonomy and authority for local government; wider recognition of indigenous rights – have much in common with those of the outgoing centre-left president Michelle Bachelet, who cannot stand against them because they have reached the end of their one-term limit.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Alejandro Guillier: ‘But I am as distant from the Trump administration as I am from the Venezuela government.' Photograph: Elvis Gonzalez/EPA
Even if Bachelet could run, they probably would not be selected. The president's approval ratings are around 25% thanks to corruption scandals involving their son, unpopular appointments and perceived failure to respond effectively to devastating forest fires and floods earlier this year.
Guillier says they would do more to strengthen Chile's climate resilience.
“It will be a major issue of the campaign. Chile is experiencing evident climate change,” Guillier said in a phone interview with the Guardian. “Environmental issues have been tackled very slowly. We need better planning, infrastructure development and to introduce more native species into our forestry industry.” They also called for better regulation of mining and more investment in renewable energy.
There is little sign yet that the local media see this as a key concern. Since the last fire was extinguished, coverage has rapidly moved on. But Guillier says the public are on their side when it comes to a clean-up. “Citizens are increasingly demanding better production standards for copper mining. This is a sensitive issue, especially among the young.”
Did Pinochet-era deregulation cause Chile's worst-ever wildfires? Read more
Far from being a nationalist, Guillier says they will support greater regional integration and trade agreements. Having just returned from a trip to China, they also see a future of closer links to Asia – as well as the US and Europe. With Trump taking a more protectionist stance, they predict China – which already accounts for 28% of Chile's trade, compared to 16% for the US – will play more of a leadership role. “They think Latin America, Asia and the greater part of Europe will align in defence of free trade, greater globalisation and mutual growth agreements.”
The left, they say, needs to offer a more compelling, idealistic vision of what the future can be, rather than just managing an essentially neoliberal system that focuses on individualism and rent-seeking.
Whether the Chilean establishment and society are any more willing to embrace these progressive ideas when offered by Guillier than they were when proposed by Bachelet could decide the outcome of the election later this year.
But the former journalist is enough of a populist to assert that they are more in step with voters than the established parties.
“Our society is more progressive than its economic and political leaders,” they said. “Chile has dramatically changed in the last 10 to 15 years. I'm very proud of what has been accomplished. People look at Chile with respect, but we need to make a qualitative leap to a freer society with greater equality. We must reinvent ourselves a thousand and one times.”
Get the biggest What's On stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Could this belly-busting 8,000 calories fry-up be Britain's biggest breakfast?
That's the claim of Congleton's Bear Grills Cafe, which is offering £100 to any customer who manages to finish the monster meal.
Not one of the 20 daring diners who have risen to the challenge so far have managed to finish the feast, which consists of eight sausages, eight rashers of bacon, four hash browns, four fried eggs, a four egg cheese omelette, four waffles, four pieces of toast, four pieces of fried bread, four chunks of black pudding, two ladles of beans, two ladles of tomatoes, mushrooms and a portion of large chips - with two pints of milkshake to wash it all down.
Mark Winder, boss of the all-day breakfast cafe, said: “I reckon with these ingredients you could feed a family for a week. The breakfast alone is around 6,000 calories and the 2,000 calorie milkshake just tops it off.
“We weighed all the cooked food and it came to a whopping 7lbs. That's the weight of a baby. It's called the Hibernator because if anyone completes it they'll have so slept for a year.”
(Image: Cavendish Press)
Customers must sign a legal disclaimer before they attempt the Man vs Food style challenge to confirm they are over 18 and have no underlying health conditions because of the shockingly high calorie and fat content.
It clocks in at four times a woman's recommended daily intake of 2,000 calories and more than three times the guideline limit of 2,500 for a man.
Mark, 39, said: “It is all men who have tried the challenge, and they look at the ingredients up on the board and say ‘I am going to smash that.'
“But then they see it come out on the big platter all heaped high and start to cry on the phone to their friends. They give up after about twenty minutes.”
The feast is brought out on a 4ft turkey platter, because Mark could not find any plates big enough, and challengers have an hour to devour it all.
Anyone who manages to finish the £19.95 meal gets £100 as well as having their name added to a wall of fame, a breakfast named after them and the chance to add another ingredient to the challenge.
Mark said they cooked up the idea to lure in a younger clientele, but added: “It is great fun to watch and my customers in their 60s and 70s come in especially to watch.
“They love it. It's a great spectator sport.”
We propose Bach's Ricercar a 6 from the Musical Offering BWV 1079, tuned into Golden Meantone, the octave temperament defined by stating that that the ratio between the measure in cents of diatonic semitones and that of chromatic ones be the golden ratio φ = (√5 + 1)/2. It can be easily shown that this temperament is generated by an octave and a fifth as large as 696.214 cents. Indeed, let
D = measure in cents of diatonic semitones;
C = measure in cents of chromatic semitones;
F = measure in cents of fifths.
We have :
D = -5F + 3600
C = 7F – 4800.
By definition of golden meantone, φ = D/C = (-5F + 3600) / (7F – 4800), hence, solving for F, we get
F = 1200 (3 + 4φ)/(5 + 7φ) = 1200 (8 – φ)/11 = 696.214 cents (up to three decimal digits).
This ends the proof.
Sixteen notes are used in the Ricercar a 6: Fb, Cb, Gb, Db, Ab, Eb, Bb, F, C, G, D, A, E, B, F#, C#; we can write down them in the form of a set of pitches : {0, 73.501, 118.928, 192.429, 311.357, 384.858, 430.284, 503.786, 577.287, 622.713, 696.214, 815.142, 888.643, 1007.571, 1081.072, 1126.499}.
Tuned with Scala, implemented with Timidity++ ; Soundfount OrganPipe.sf2
An FCC administrative law judge has ruled that Cablevision, now owned by Altice, discriminated against GSN (Game Show Network) on the basis of non-affiliation by "unlawfully" moving it to a sports tier while Cablevision's WE tv remained on expanded basic.
Oral argument in the case was held over a year ago.
The judge recommended that the FCC require Cablevision to carry GSN on expanded basic and impose the maximum fine of $400,000, though the judge points out Cablevision can easily afford that.
That came despite an Enforcement Bureau conclusion last year (in comments in advance of oral argument), that GSN had not demonstrated affiliation-based discrimination or shown that it was similarly situated to WE tv or another Cablevision-affiliated network, the Wedding Channel.
Cablevision must carry GSN on expanded basic, "or the current or future tier that has 90 percent or more penetration," until they strike a new contract, or five years, whichever comes first.
GSN had said that Cablevision should have to immediately draw up a new contract guaranteeing it the same carriage and license fees as the affected WE TV, but the judge disagreed.
"Such remedy is not appropriate because it is Cablevision's carriage of GSN on the premium sports tier that has been adjudged unlawful, not its carriage of GSN on an at-will basis."
In fact, the judge suggested that dropping GSN altogether might have avoided the discrimination finding.
"On two occasions, Cablevision considered but rejected a legitimate business option to unilaterally drop its carriage of GSN," the judge said. By contrast, they said the "re-tiering" of the channel was not lawful and that Cablevision moved to a sports tier on only the "pretext" of a "legitimate" business decision. "Legitimate" is the key since discriminating could boost Cablevision's business, but not lawfully.
"As the conclusions of law determined that Cablevision discriminated against GSN as a non-affiliated network with the effect of unreasonably restraining GSN's ability to compete fairly, the related issues presented are on which tier and under what terms Cablevision must carry GSN; not whether Cablevision must carry GSN at all."
That was the recommendation of Judge Richard Sippel in a Nov. 23 tentative decision. The FCC commissioners must still vote on that "initial decision."
"GSN has satisfied its burden of proving by a preponderance of evidence that Cablevision engaged in discrimination in the selection, terms, or conditions of carriage on the basis of GSN's non-affiliation with Cablevision," Sippel wrote in the 65-page decision. They also concluded that Cablevision had unreasonably "restrained" GSN from competing "fairly.
" GSN first filed a carriage complaint with the FCC in Oct. 2011, alleging that Cablevision discriminated against the channel by moving it from a basic tier to a premium sports tier on its systems in February 2011. The change, GSN claimed, caused its ratings to “crater”
GSN claimed Cablevision used its market power to favor its own affiliated networks like WE tv and the now-defunct Wedding Central channel, which did not change channel positions. Cablevision countered that there was a legitimate, nondiscriminatory, basis for the move.
In May 2012 the FCC said the case should be heard before the administrative law judge, which did not happen until last year.
“We respectfully disagree with the ALJ's decision and fully intend to appeal [to the FCC],” said Altice in a statement.
Mike Farrell contributed to this report.
(Chris McGovern writes on how feminism has affected our schools in the latest of our series of articles to ‘celebrate' International Women's Day on Wednesday.)
In terms of academic achievement there has never been a better time to be born a girl and never a worse time to be born a boy. Last year a Bristol University report for Save the Children showed that by the age of 5 girls are ahead of boys in all 152 local council areas across England. They are, indeed, twice as likely as boys to have the basic literacy and communication skills to cope with the start of formal schooling.
We have known for a while that girls are beating boys at GCSE, at A-Level and at university. Among the under-performing male half of the school population, it is white working class boys who do worst of all. They are at the bottom of the pit even before they start school.
For boys, then, the rot sets in early and many never recover. Our prisons are over-loaded with disaffected and disengaged young men who lack the literacy and numeracy skills to ever break a vicious circle of unemployment and crime. And things are not a lot brighter for that vast majority of male school leavers who stay out of prison.
In a modern Britain whose direction of travel is increasingly determined by feminism and other forms of political correctness, it is boys, most of all, who are being cast adrift. Even the term, let alone the concept, of ‘masculinity' is disappearing under the weight of the new language constructed around feminism – “andocenticism”, “intersectionality”, “patriarchial binary thought”, “phallogocentric”, “TERF” (trans exclusionary radical feminists), transmisogyny, and “SWERF” (Sex Worker Exclusionary Radical Feminists) and so on.
In Britain the teaching profession has become very heavily feminised with a lack of male role models. Eighty five per cent of primary school teachers are women and so are 74 per cent of secondary school teachers. To this can be added the host of overwhelmingly female classroom assistants and ancillary staff. A consequence of schools being run largely by women is that they provide fertile territory for promoting the feminist agenda.
This has included a public examination system that for years has been built around coursework that mostly suits girls far more than it does boys. Such has been the advantage provided for girls, reflected in their results, that the government has finally been forced to make changes. A new generation of exams will do away with much of the coursework.
Too little, too late, alas! The Save the Children report should be re-named, “Save the Boys”. It makes clear that, in general, schools aggravate the problem of male underachievement. Reducing coursework in public exams at 16+ is a belated move in the right direction but it will no longer do much to solve the problem. Those boys who were behind at the age of 5 are four times more likely to be behind by the age of 11. Primary schools are unable to plug the learning deficit and matters get worse at secondary school.
‘Educated' within an overwhelmingly female environment and subjected to an increasingly feminist ethos, many boys are failing because they are switching off. It is small wonder that male pupils are under-achieving and becoming alienated. This is dangerous for society.
Every action produces a reaction. The feminisation of our school system is turning the amenable male Dr Jekyll into the less amenable Mr Hyde. Discipline in too many schools is poor. This is partly because disengaged boys are lashing out as they become increasingly marginalised by feminist ideology.
A few days ago I saw a play, “Snow in Midsummer”, at the Royal Shakespeare Company Swan Theatre in Stratford-on Avon. It was a clever feminist re-working of a famous medieval Chinese drama about injustice. In one key scene the central female character, the ghost of Dou E', tears the living heart out of a male counterpart and parades it to the audience.
Needless to say, this was not a part of the original Chinese version. It is, nevertheless, a powerful and compelling play. It does for feminism what the talented Leni Riefensthal did for Nazism. It seduces and it persuades. The “Triumph of the Will” has become the Triumph of Feminism.
Performed by one of the greatest theatre companies in the world, it confirmed the extent to which feminism has entered the lifeblood of our society. The tearing out of the heart from a male breast was an apt metaphor for the feminist take-over – in our schools and beyond.
(Image: Luminici)
If you appreciated this article, perhaps you might consider making a donation to The Conservative Woman. Our contributors and editors are unpaid but there are inevitable costs associated with running a website. We receive no independent funding and depend on our readers to help us, either with regular or one-off payments. You can donate here. Thank you.
CHERNNAI: As the risk of cyber threats looms over enterprises going digital, a Symantec study reveals that India ranks fourth when it comes to online security breaches, accounting for over 5% of global threat detections. The US and China occupy the top two slots and together make for almost 34%, followed by Brazil and then India.The year 2016 saw a resurgence of the email as an attack channel, multi-million-dollar virtual bank heists, ransomware and new frontiers like IoT and cloud getting exposed to threats. While China has managed to bring down hacks from nearly 24% in 2015 to under 10% in 2016, India saw instances of fraud increase from 3.4% in 2015 to 5.1% in 2016.“Symantec uncovered evidence linking North Korea to attacks on banks in Bangladesh, Vietnam, Ecuador and Poland. This was an incredibly audacious hack and the first time we observed strong indications of nation state involvement in financial cyber crime,“ said Tarun Kaura, director (solution product management -Asian-Pacific & Japan), Symantec. “While their sights were set even higher, the attackers stole at least $94 million.“Yahoo's data breaches grabbed maximum eyeballs in 2016, after the company said in September that 500 million of its user accounts were compromised in 2014. Within a few months, the company came out with the shocker that over a billion user accounts were compromised making it the largest data breach ever been reported.Symantec data reveals that in the last eight years, more than 7 billion online identities have been stolen in data breaches. In 2016, more than 1.1 billion identities were stolen in data breaches, almost double the number stolen in 2015 (563 million stolen identities).The use of email as an infection point also rose, becoming a weapon of choice for cyber criminals and a dangerous threat to users. According to Symantec, 1 in 131 emails contained a malicious link or attachment -the highest in five years. Business email compromise (BEC) scams, which rely on little more than carefully composed spear-phishing emails -scammed more than $3 billion from businesses over the last three years, targeting more than 400 businesses every day.
It all started in 1991 when David Hawxhurst was browsing in an antique store on Court Street in Syracuse.
They said they found a black L.C. Smith & Corona desktop typewriter and thought it would look good in their office. It became the first of their collection.
"It just took off from there, I started collecting," said Hawxhurst, 48, a real estate agent who lives in North Syracuse.
Over the next nearly 25 years, Hawxhurst amassed a collection of more than 600 Smith-Corona typewriter items, including 122 typewriters. They usually have paid a few hundred for each typewriter, but some have cost as much as a couple thousand dollars.
The typewriters come from 44 states, four Canadian provinces and three other countries.
They eventually turned their garage into a museum for the collection. They bought heavy-duty metal shelves to line their garage and placed the typewriters chronologically and neatly.
They said part of the reason they kept collecting items and started the display in their garage is that they have obsessive-compulsive disorder, OCD, an anxiety disorder.
The collection includes the first typewriter the company made and landmark ones along the way.
The last time they bought a typewriter was in 2014. They said they don't intentionally look for them anymore but is still tempted to buy more.
Their goal now is to find a home for the whole collection. They said they don't feel like it should be in their garage anymore, that it needs to have a home where people can see the collection and witness some history of Syracuse.
The Smith Corona typewriter company started in Syracuse in 1886 and manufactured typewriters out of Syracuse, Cortland and Groton. The company filed for bankruptcy in 1995, later reorganizing. It now sells ribbons and labels.
Hawxhurst said they would love to see the collection stay in the area but continues to only find out of state or international buyers for the whole collection.  They are still looking for local buyers for the collection.
"This company helped build this city . . . it belongs here," Hawxhurst said.
Working people in Britain must get a “new bargain” in 2017 that gives them a fairer share of the country's economic gains and that turns the tide in an increasingly precarious jobs market, the head of the Trades Union Congress has urged.
In their new year's message, Frances O'Grady also pressed the government to ensure workers' rights are maintained and expanded as the UK prepares to leave the EU, and warned of the threat of “bad bosses” using Brexit to water down rules such as protections from working excessive hours.
The TUC general secretary was a vocal supporter of the remain camp during the referendum campaign and championed the EU's role in guaranteeing many basic rights to workers. They said in Friday's message: “Unions stand ready to defend these rights and win new rights so we keep pace with both the changing world of work and with our neighbours and competitors in the rest of Europe.”
O'Grady warned politicians to draw lessons from 2016, when widespread discontent among voters with ruling elites was seen as a key driver behind the vote for Brexit in the UK, Donald Trump's win in the US presidential election and the Italian government's defeat in a key referendum.
“2016 will be remembered as the year the establishment was shaken to its core. And yet the political turmoil has not benefited working people. Few feel they have taken back much control over their working lives,” said O'Grady.
“So as we look to 2017, it's clear that we need a new bargain between those at the top – enjoying soaring boardroom pay and insulated from economic change – and ordinary working people. Britain succeeds when working people succeed. And strong unions are the only way to make sure working people get their share in Britain's success.”
Ministers have repeatedly focused on flattering headline measures showing high employment and falling unemployment this year, but the TUC and others have emphasised that a large part of that has been down to a rise in precarious forms of work, including self-employment and people working far fewer hours than they would like.
O'Grady wants to see better representation and protection for those workers, including the growing number that are part of the “gig economy” as on-demand services such as Uber and Deliveroo grow.
“One in 10 of the UK workforce is now in precarious work. That's 3.2 million workers in casual or agency work, on a zero-hours contract or in low paid self-employment,” they said.
“Just like last century's dockers standing at the wharf gate hoping for a few hours' work, the zero-hours contract worker waiting for a text from their boss needs a union. Because if all of those zero-hours contract workers acted together with the protection of a union, the bosses would have to listen – and then, things would change.”
I calls for fairer pay and representation for workers come as labour market experts warn of a tough 2017 for workers, when rising inflation and economic uncertainty could squeeze earnings.
One leading employment organisation warned on Friday of slower economic growth, a pick-up in unemployment, fewer new jobs and downward pressure on pay that will compound existing challenges from low productivity and uncertainty about the UK's future relationship with the EU.
In its 2017 outlook, the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD), which represents people working in human resources, predicts real wages will fall in the next 12 months as most employers find they are either unable to or do not need to offer higher wages.
Ian Brinkley, the CIPD's acting chief economist, also predicted that employment practices would continue to change and said the onus was on the government to ensure laws kept pace and workers were treated fairly.
“While the gig economy works for many people, we know that, for significant minorities, the experience of work is poor and getting worse,” they said.
“We expect the trend of flexible or ‘atypical' employment practices – through agency work, zero-hours and self-employment – to continue. How to manage, train and progress an increasingly arms-length part of the workforce will remain a major and growing challenge for organisations and the HR profession in particular.”
The group also highlighted the UK's lacklustre productivity performance, something the chancellor, Philip Hammond, has vowed to address with a £23bn spending plan. The CIPD said it was vital the scheme was expanded to include measures to improve skills.
“Equally, the government's new industrial strategy for 2017 should focus much more strongly on the workplace and skills, with the single aim of improving productivity,” added Brinkley.
When Loubna Mrie joined the revolution, they incurred the wrath of their father, an Assad loyalist
Syrian exile: 'My mother is dead. And it was my father who killed her'
When revolution first came to Syria, Loubna Mrie decided they would break new ground to help it succeed.
Deeply affected by the images of dead protesters across the country, the 21-year-old Alawite – the daughter of a leader of the regime's thuggish Shabiha militia and member of Syria's most privileged minority – left their home in the regime heartland of Latakia and travelled to parts of Syria where death tolls were mounting.
They soon became a feature at demonstrations and even ventured near the frontlines of the regime's fight with an armed opposition, delivering medicines to wounded rebels and finding homes for fleeing families.
In August, Mrie appeared in a web video, their face wrapped in the independence flag adopted by the opposition. They were injured at a demonstration in which nine fellow protesters were killed. Every step they took to support those fighting four decades of state control earned the increasing wrath of close relatives. Every move made them more vulnerable.
Last week the revolution took a toll that not even 19 months of exile and enmity had prepared them for. "I learned that my mother is dead," they said. "And it was my father that killed her."
Alone in a house in Turkey, Mrie now feels racked with guilt. "My mother was kidnapped immediately after I made the video with the rebels on August 11," they said. "I waited for 10 days. I begged my father to tell me what they knew about it, to let me know. They used to curse me and hang up the phone. Some of my dad's friends told me that they were dead.
"Last Friday [2 November] one of my friends, someone that I trust, told me that the dead body had been seen. I called [my father] and told them that they killed them They said OK. They told me that they wished they could do the same to me."
The Guardian was unable to independently verify Mrie's claim that their mother had been killed.
Mrie has been told to stay well away from their home village of Jableh and cannot verify for themselves that their mother is dead. But they need no more convincing. "People I trust are telling me that she's gone," they said.
Early last week, they posted on Facebook a lament to their late mother and to the father that they believe has killed them The post has drawn widespread sympathy among opposition circles, where Alawite supporters are extremely rare and almost always silent.
"They hit them because of me. Was it by electricity or a single bullet in their head?" the post asked. "Was they upset at me when they were humiliating her? Did their old age stop them from hurting her?
"Abu Muntazer [her father] went to their brothers, cheered them up and told them that they washed the shame that their daughter brought to Jebel al-Akrud [the mountains near Latakia where the video was filmed] ...
"I hate my identity and my passport. I hate your name which will accompany mine. What should I say to my future kids about why I don't have a family? Why isn't there a grave for my mum? Why this double punishment? Why the injustice?"
Loubna Mrie fears that the Alawites have been co-opted by a regime that wants to retain power by instilling fear in them. Photograph: Ben Solomon
Yet even in the face of grief that seems impossible to fathom and guilt that has at times been overwhelming, Mrie retains a streak of defiance. They have continued their work in a small unit that acts as a clearing house for mobile phone videos smuggled out of Syria.
The sense of necessary sacrifice that led them to join the opposition in the early days continues to drive both Mrie and a small number of other Alawite members of the opposition, who fear that their sect has been co-opted by a regime that wants to retain power by instilling fear in them.
"On the first day of the revolution, I cried like it was one of my family members. And from that day I decided that we can not go on like that. My people are not really living. The government does not respect us. The mukhabarat [secret police] has taken over our lives. We can't open our mouths."
Latakia is a particularly pro-regime area. The Assad regime draws much of its support from communities there, which have long been prime recruitment grounds for Shabiha members. The Shabiha is a loyalist militia that fiercely defends regime interests and has been in the vanguard of the regime crackdown.
"All the Shabiha in Jableh were boys I had grown up with. At the time they were trying to convince me that this was a war against us as minorities and that we had to stop talking to the Sunnis."
Syria's Sunni majority dominates the opposition. The regime is supported by most of the Alawite sect, who make up the vast majority of Syria's military leadership and establishment but only account for around 12% of the population.
Alawites have loose links to Shia Islam, a fact that inspires some extremist groups on the fringes of the opposition to frame the revolution as an existential battle along the ancient faultline between Shias and Sunnis.
A majority of Christians also appear to support the regime, along with a sizeable number of the Sunni population, including much of the merchant class, as well as senior military and Ba'ath party officials.
"I started to go to the houses of the dead people," Mrie said. " At the time there was a huge gap between them and the Alawites. Both were convinced that each side was fighting the other.
"For six months I tried my best to raise awareness that this revolution is not against us. We were fighting for dignity and democracy.
"In January I went to Hama and spoke in the name of my sect. I wanted to tell them that my blood is theirs. My father used to tell me that I was a criminal and that they were ashamed of me and that they didn't see me as their daughter.
"The stupid thing about this government is its claim that it is trying to protect the people, that it is protecting the Alawites. [Assad] doesn't care if you are Alawite, Christian or Shia. If you are against him, they will kill you."
For Immediate Release:
William Shatner Sells Kidney Stone for $25,000 to GoldenPalace.com Benefiting Habitat For Humanity
Wednesday, January 18th, 2006 — Hollywood, CA
"I want to own it," said Jimmy Kimmel about the Shatner shale on their November 14th show as they interviewed Shatner about their new calcium offspring. "It is the ultimate Star Trek collectible. You know, it's like a real dilithium crystal," Kimmel further stated.
Today Shatner reached negotiations with GoldenPalace.com on the sale of their kidney stone, stint and string from their painful procedure for $25,000. "When Julien's Auctions contacted me about selling my kidney stone to GoldenPalace.com for an original price of $15,000 I turned it down knowing that my tunics from Star Trek have commanded more than $100,000. I offered the stone, stint and string for $25,000 and informed Darren Julien that 100% of the proceeds would go to benefit Habitat for Humanity and I retain visitation rights". They quickly responded that GoldenPalace.com agreed to $25,000 and joint custody.
The sci-fi icon ended up on a gurney with stirrups. "It was a gurney for pregnant women," said Shatner. "They're wheeling me through the hospital — my legs are in the stirrups and I'm screaming — and somebody says, 'Look, there goes Captain Kirk, he's having a baby!' Very, very embarrassing."
GoldenPalace.com CEO Richard Rowe stated "This is a bold new addition to our fleet. Now we can claim to have what no man has had before, an enterprising piece of science fiction history."
Press Contact: Darren Julien
Mobile: 818-694-8090
Email
** Video interview with William Shatner and photographs available for distribution upon request **
~ END ~
Swimming race video is courtesy of Indie Swimming.
Michael Andrew 100 Freestyle 13-14 NAG Record, 44.16
Michael Andrew Schroeder YMCA A+ Meet report below by Troy Gennaro.
Michael Andrew is one of the headliners at the Schroeder YMCA A+ meet in Brown Deer, Wisconsin this weekend, and on Saturday night he's already broken two National Age Group Records.
They had three swims tonight, and somehow managed to break the NAG Records in all three events. First was their 100 freestyle NAG Record with a time of 44.16. Next was their NAG Record in the 100 breaststroke, touching the wall at 54.80.
If that wasn't spectacular enough, they dove in for the 200 IM and added their name to the record board in another event. In 2009, Gray Umbach, who currently swims for Stanford, set the 13-14 NAG Record in the 200 IM at 1:48.08. Today, Michael Andrew bumps Umbach's swim to number two on the all-time list with a mind blowing 1:47.44!
Michael Andrew is on fire! Their first two swims broke the records they already held, but the 200 IM is the fifth event with their name on it in the National Age Group Record book in yards for the 13-14 age group. They now own the NAG records in the 100 of every stroke and the 200 IM.
To put their swim in perspective, their 200 IM time from tonight would leave them tied with the 54th fastest time this season if they were swimming NCAA Division 1. Although the comparison is interesting to note, they still are years younger than the youngest first-year student competing and will never be allowed to compete as an NCAA athlete due to their professional status.
Follow Michael Andrew on Twitter here.
Michael Andrew is a P2 Life Athlete. See here.
In their seven hours long and counting filibuster of John Brennan's nomination to head the CIA, Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky.) brought up their failed attempt at revoking the authorization of the use of military force in Iraq after Barack Obama failed to postpone the end of the war. Paul tried to revoke the authorization by amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act in 2011—the amendment failed with only 30 yes votes (only three Republicans joined Paul; Jim DeMint, Dean Heller, and Olympia Snowe). Less than a year later, the fact that that authorization for military force remained in effect helped the administration redeploy military (special ops) forces to Iraq without controversy or, for that matter, coverage. Spotted by the Nation, in the fifteenth paragraph of a contemporaneous New York Times article (below the digital fold):
Iraq and the United States are negotiating an agreement that could result in the return of small units of American soldiers to Iraq on training missions. At the request of the Iraqi government, according to General Caslen, a unit of Army Special Operations soldiers was recently deployed to Iraq to advise on counterterrorism and help with intelligence.
The last U.S. commander in Iraq before the troop withdrawal told a Senate committee last month that the situation in Iraq remains “fragile.” As Rand Paul reminded us today, the authorization of military force is still in effect, so the door to war remains always open.
Profs called racist for saying ‘all cultures are not equal'
Two law professors have been accused of racism and homophobia over an op-ed lamenting the “breakdown of bourgeois culture” and arguing that “all cultures are not equal.”
The professors, Amy Wax of the University of Pennsylvania and Lawrence Alexander of the University of San Diego, co-authored an op-ed in The Philadelphia Inquirer titled "Paying the Price for Breakdown of the Country's Bourgeois Culture," which quickly prompting outrage among students and alumni.
"Offense is largely manufactured…This is another way to arrogate power, by claiming you've been offended."
One public statement, issued by 54 University of Pennsylvania students and alumni, denounces Wax's arguments as stemming “from the very same malignant logic of hetero-patriarchal, class-based white supremacy that plagues our country today.”
[RELATED: Prof: ‘All white people are racist,' ‘all men are sexist']
“These cultural values and logics are steeped in anti-blackness and white hetero-patriarchal respectability, i.e. two-hetero-parent homes, divorce is a vice, and the denouncement of all groups perceived as not acting white enough i.e. black Americans, Latino communities and immigrants in particular,” the statement elaborates.
Additionally, several student groups published an open letter condemning the professors for their comments, describing them as “racist and homophobic statements” before criticizing the two for using a “falsely ‘objective' rhetoric” that serves as the “intellectual home” of Richard Spencer's “incitement of moral panic.”
[RELATED: Clemson prof: All Republicans are ‘racist scum']
“More important than a single professor's views, however, is the university's persistent silence on such views, which creates and maintains a hostile environment for marginalized students on campus,” the statement continues, concluding with a list of several demands, including the “convening of a committee with student representatives to develop a formal policy for censuring hate speech.”
Additionally, the student groups demand a “formal, centralized Diversity and Inclusion office” with full-time staff, and an anonymous “digital grievance submission form specifically for racism, sexism, homophobia, and transphobia.”
Campus Reform reached out to several of the student groups behind the statement, though only the the Latin American Graduation and Professional Student Assembly replied, declining to comment.
Wax and Alexander, however, have continued to defend their views, with Wax telling The Daily Pennsylvanian that they do not “shrink” from their use of the word “superior” in describing certain cultures.
“Bourgeois values aren't just for white people,” they continued. “The irony is: bourgeois values can help minorities get ahead.”
[RELATED: ‘If you're white, you're probably racist,' student scolds peers]
Similarly, Alexander echoed Wax's defense in an interview with Inside Higher Ed in which they explained that “there's not a racist claim in it” in reference to their article.
“Offense is largely manufactured,” they continued. “This is another thing people can cite in order to claim power…This is another way to arrogate power, by claiming you've been offended.”
Campus Reform reached out to both Wax and Alexander for additional comment on the matter, but neither replied in time for publication.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @mstein81
The Quote Garden ™
“I dig old books.” ™
Est. 1998
Find Your Way HOME Search Browse Site Info
Quotations about Statistics
Related Quotes Mathematics Science Business Advertising
Torture numbers, and they'll confess to anything. ~Gregg Easterbrook
98% of all statistics are made up. ~Author Unknown
Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital. ~Aaron Levenstein
Say you were standing with one foot in the oven and one foot in an ice bucket. According to the percentage people, you should be perfectly comfortable. ~Bobby Bragan, 1963
Statistics can be made to prove anything - even the truth. ~Author Unknown
Statistics are human beings with the tears wiped off. ~Paul Brodeur, Outrageous Misconduct
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are more pliable. ~Author Unknown
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math. ~Author Unknown
They use statistics as a drunken man uses lampposts — for support rather than for illumination. ~Andrew Lang
One more fagot of these adamantine bandages is the new science of Statistics. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Statistics are like women; mirrors of the purest virtue and truth, or like whores to use as one pleases. ~Theodor Billroth
Do not put your faith in what statistics say until you have carefully considered what they do not say. ~William W. Watt
Then there is the man who drowned crossing a stream with an average depth of six inches. ~W.I.E. Gates
There are two kinds of statistics, the kind you look up and the kind you make up. ~Rex Stout, Death of a Doxy
I always find that statistics are hard to swallow and impossible to digest. The only one I can ever remember is that if all the people who go to sleep in church were laid end to end they would be a lot more comfortable. ~Mrs. Robert A. Taft
It has been said that figures rule the world; maybe. I am quite sure that it is figures which show us whether it is being ruled well or badly. ~Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Satan delights equally in statistics and in quoting Scripture. ~H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire, "Chapter the First: The Prologue in Heaven," 1919
The average human has one breast and one testicle. ~Des McHale
The plural of anecdote is data. ~Raymond Wolfinger
While the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate they become a mathematical certainty. You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will be up to, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to. Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant. So says the statistician. ~Arthur Conan Doyle
A statistical analysis, properly conducted, is a delicate dissection of uncertainties, a surgery of suppositions. ~M.J. Moroney
Statistics may be defined as "a body of methods for making wise decisions in the face of uncertainty." ~W.A. Wallis
After all, facts are facts, and although we may quote one to another with a chuckle the words of the Wise Statesman, "Lies - damned lies - and statistics," still there are some easy figures the simplest must understand, and the astutest cannot wriggle out of. ~Leonard Courtney, speech, August 1895, New York, "To My Fellow-Disciples at Saratoga Springs," printed in The National Review (London, 1895) (Thanks, Mark)
Statistics are just a way for the mathematician to evangelize their faith. ~Hunter Brinkmeier
Figures often beguile me, particularly when I have the arranging of them myself; in which case the remark attributed to Disraeli would often apply with justice and force: "There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics." ~Mark Twain, autobiography, 1904 (but, as yet no actual record of this under Disraeli's authorship)
The theory of probabilities is at bottom nothing but common sense reduced to calculus. ~Laplace, Théorie analytique des probabilités, 1820
I abhor averages. I like the individual case. A man may have six meals one day and none the next, making an average of three meals per day, but that is not a good way to live. ~Louis D. Brandeis
I could prove God statistically. Take the human body alone - the chances that all the functions of an individual would just happen is a statistical monstrosity. ~George Gallup
Page Information:
www.quotegarden.com/statistics.html
Last modified 2016 Apr 20 Wed 08:57 PDT
Find Your Way HOME Site Info Terms of Use Privacy
Verizon Working Hard to Gut Massachusetts Consumer Protections The same week Verizon annoyed Bostonites by using the city as a prop to sell FiOS despite not offering FiOS there, the company's lobbyists were busy pushing new regulations through the Massachussets legislature aimed at killing off numerous consumer protections and other regulations. The Boston Business Journal notes that among the rules Verizon would like killed off is the requirement they respond to repair calls within 24 hours. quote: Verizon is required to respond to repair calls within a 24-hour window, something that's not required of a competitor like Comcast. Verizon also is measured by the state on its call-center response time, unlike those at other companies. Then there's the requirement that Verizon offer phone service to any residence within its service area. That, too, would go away with this bill, Zukowski says. Verizon argues that's only fair, since Comcast hasn't had to adhere to such rules (efforts to impose similar consumer protections on Comcast and their Boston monopoly have Verizon argues that's only fair, since Comcast hasn't had to adhere to such rules (efforts to impose similar consumer protections on Comcast and their Boston monopoly have proven unsuccessful under the current deregulatory climate). In broader context, Verizon's Massachusetts legislative push is part of a nationwide effort across dozens of states to weaken state regulations so that companies like AT&T and Verizon can hang up on DSL and POTS users they don't want to upgrade . The promise is such deregulation will leave Verizon more limber to compete and invest, though consumer advocates argue the opposite is likely to happen. By paving the regulatory way for Verizon to exit the fixed line business, well-lobbied government will be leaving impacted regions with either the choice of a cable monopoly -- or considerably more expensive and capped LTE services -- if available at all. In other words, already uncompetitive markets get even less competitive, all under the banner of progress.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 35 comments
Zenit
The system is the solution
Premium Member
join:2012-05-07
Purcellville, VA ·Comcast XFINITY
·Verizon DSL
2 recommendations Zenit Premium Member Wireless only is bullshit We will never see last mile go wireless only. If that actually happens, the USA will have a wonderful third world infrastructure. (We are heading there in many areas)
Wireless bandwidth is restricted by physics, its affected by weather conditions, its expensive, and unreliable.
Every home having their main data served through RF will pollute spectrum, it will be a mess. Just look at how Wifi or Cellular performance is in congested areas.
Lazy, greedy corporations like VZ, whom have had 20 years to move to FTTH with tons of grant money and subsidies are the problem. They see greater opportunity for profit in Wireless (Caps!) since its so cheap to build out and maintain. So they took the money that was intended for wireline and blew it on their wireless experiment.
But really, this is not the fault of VZ. Its the fault of regulators for allowing Bell Atlantic and GTE to merge.
(Not saying cell infrastructure is useless, but it should NOT be the primary means for the last mile!)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican lawmakers on Tuesday pressed a Federal Reserve official on how to tell if any banks pose a “grave threat” to the financial system, a finding that would allow regulators to take drastic steps such as forcing a bank to sell assets.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke shakes hands with Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI) as they arrive to testify before the House Financial Services Committee hearing on 'Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy' on Capitol Hill in Washington July 13, 2011. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
The 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law gives the Federal Reserve authority to impose tough restrictions on individual firms it feels could shatter the financial system.
But this authority could create uncertainty in financial markets if regulators do not explain what types of threats could trigger the tougher oversight, Republican members of a House of Representatives subcommittee said on Tuesday.
“If we want to breed stability within the sector, certainty within the sector, does your standard of ‘when I see it, I'll know it,' does that really breed that stability and certainty?” asked Representative Sean Duffy, a Wisconsin Republican.
Scott Alvarez, the Fed's general counsel, told the panel that the agency was not likely to spell out what would constitute a grave threat.
“This decision depends very much on the facts and circumstances, and so it is very hard in this area to set a uniform rule,” Alvarez said.
Congress passed Dodd-Frank to prevent future meltdowns after the 2007-2009 financial crisis. But some lawmakers have said the law went too far and that regulators could use their new powers to try to break up the biggest banks.
The financial services committee's oversight panel held the hearing on Tuesday to consider regulators' efforts to end “too big to fail,” the belief on Wall Street that some firms are so critical that the government would bail them out rather than see them fail.
Representative Patrick McHenry, a North Carolina Republican who leads the oversight subcommittee, said they were concerned that the Fed could legally use its power to crack down on individual banks that pose grave threats even when there is no financial crisis.
They asked whether regulators might use that power to set caps for groups of banks, effectively deciding the ideal size of banks.
Representative Al Green of Texas, a Democrat, said defining what counts as a grave threat could create problems if it led market participants to speculate on when banks might have to sell assets.
They pointed out that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp, which regulates smaller national banks, does not alert markets before it takes over failed banks under its jurisdiction.
Alvarez also told the panel that Dodd-Frank sets out a number of hurdles that regulators must surpass before they could force banks to sell assets.
Two-thirds of a risk council made of the heads of financial regulatory agencies would have to agree that the firm posed a grave threat before the Fed could move forward with tougher regulation.
Regulators also must consider alternatives such as limiting mergers and acquisitions or requiring the termination of some activities before they could force a firm to sell off assets, Alvarez said.
This week has been marked by a pair of multi-million dollar settlements paid to the families of Black men killed by police in major cities. They are among the largest settlements in recent years, highlighting the soaring costs of police brutality cases. Yet, while taxpayers shell out money for police misconduct, relatively few police officers are ever indicted or convicted for their wrongdoing.
On September 8, a federal jury awarded $5.5 million to the family of Kenneth Smith, who was shot in the head and killed by Cleveland police officer Roger Jones in March 2012. This comes over a year after the Cuyahoga County prosecutor cleared the officer of wrongdoing, concluding Smith had a gun and Jones was protecting others. Since that time, the U.S. Department of Justice has released a report critical of the use of excessive force by Cleveland police, and entered into an agreement with the city to reform the police department.
Meanwhile, the same day, the parents of Freddie Gray reached a $6.4 million settlement with the city of Baltimore. In April 2015, Gray died of a spinal injury received while in police custody, leading to six police indictments, and protests and unrest throughout the city. In July, the city of New York reached a $5.9 million settlement with the family of Eric Garner, the Staten Island man who died after a police officer placed them in a chokehold—all over selling loose cigarettes.
So far this year, according to a database maintained by The Guardian, 804 people have been killed by police across the country. Of these, 169 were unarmed, and 62 were Black and unarmed. Blacks are twice as likely to die under these circumstances. The U.S. government does not maintain comprehensive data on people killed by law enforcement. Meanwhile, the 10 cities with the largest police departments in the nation paid out $248.7 million in police misconduct settlements last year, which include alleged shooting, beating and wrongful imprisonment, according to data collected by the Wall Street Journal. This represents a 48 percent increase from $168.3 million in 2010.
Moreover, these cities paid out an astounding $1.02 billion over those five years, more than $1.4 billion when factoring in claims related to property damage, car collisions and other police incidents.
However, as these police brutality and misconduct cases cost taxpayers millions of dollars to settle, police still rarely face any criminal responsibility for their wrongdoing. Indictments and convictions for police remain low, as the system continues to protect officers for their use of force. This year, at least 15 police officers were indicted for killing, reflecting an August report from The Atlantic which tallied at least 14 cases. In addition, on September 4, a grand jury indicted Portsmouth, Virginia police officer Stephen Rankin on charges of first-degree murder and using a gun in a felony for fatally shooting William Chapman 18, in a Walmart parking lot in April.
Additionally, in June of this year, LAPD Officer Mary O'Callaghan was convicted of assault in connection with the 2012 arrest Alesia Thomas, a Black woman who became unconscious and died of their injuries. The assault was captured on a police cruiser camera, in which O'Callaghan allegedly kicked Thomas in the groin, jabbed at their throat, and threatened to break their arms and kick them in the genitals. In August, a mistrial was declared in North Carolina in the case of white Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer Randall “Wes” Kerrick, who was on trial for the 2013 killing of Jonathan Ferrell, an unarmed former college football player who had just survived a car crash. Kerrick faced 11 years in prison, and the state of North Carolina decided not to retry them for the voluntary manslaughter charge.
Meanwhile, a cursory examination has found that so far this year, cities across the country have paid at least $72 million to settle allegations in high-profile police misconduct cases.
What better way to make the point that Highland Park is not the next Echo Park than by moving your “hipster” butt and all your worldly possessions in opposite direction of alleged hip-ness, by bike?
A recent LA Weekly article tried to make the case that the Highland Park area is "the new Echo Park". That is, Highland Park is the new place for low rent, young, fashionable people to move.
Lately, a lot of people have been ragging on this fair barrio of mine. Guys with unwashed hair and paint on their jeans complain about how Echo Park is becoming too gentrified, too much like our now-grown-up neighbors in Silver Lake. (Shocking to realize it's been more than a decade since Beck was couch-surfing their way to stardom.) Someone actually complained the Gold Room isn't “dangerous enough anymore.” Eavesdropping on these often drunken conversations, one name keeps getting thrown around as a solution to the existential dilemmas of the ultra-hip. “I'm going to a house eviction party in Highland Park tonight.” “That doom-surf-rock band Sandy Pussy is playing out in Highland Park tonight.”
– Kai Flanders, LA Weekly Pop-Ed, February 3, 2012, “Why Highland Park Is the New Echo Park“
Our local Patch blog, and most commentors, disagreed, but the damage is likely already done.
“Is Highland Park the new Echo Park? L.A. Weekly music writer Kai Flanders seems to think so, but Echo Park residents aren't convinced. No offense to our neighbors to the west, home to some of the finest folks I've met in Los Angeles, but I'm not buying it either.”
– David Fonseca, HighlandPark-MountWashington Patch, Febryary 6, 2012, “Highland Park, Despite Changes, Is Not the New Echo Park“
To stem the tide of move-ins caused by that LA Weekly article, a friend of mine, E., moved their entire household from Highland Park to Echo Park (to escape the flood of hipsters?) this past Sunday, February 19, 2012. An inverse hipster bike move!
The kicker is that they did the move by bike. Not just their bike – but about eight or nine other bikes outfitted for carrying cargo.
I helped with my bakfiets, others loaned heavy-duty trailers or their knot tying skills, and we all pedaled away to deliver a household's worth of goods from an cramped apartment in Highland Park to a small home in Echo Park on a sunny Sunday in February of 2012.
Wondering where we got the idea? A place filled with more hipsters than Echo Park and Highland Park combined: Portland (ca. 2006)!
On Twitter last year, Monsanto VP Robb Fraley asked why people doubted science. They linked to an article in National Geographic that implied people who are suspicious of, among other things, genetically modified organisms (GMOs) are confused, adhere to conspiracy theories or are misinformed as a result of access to the "university of Google."
It is worth mentioning that science is not the giver of absolute truth. Science historian Thomas Kuhn wrote about the revolutionary paradigm shifts in scientific thought. Philosopher Paul Feyerabend argued that science is not an exact science, and the manufacture of scientific knowledge involves a process driven by various sociological, methodological and epistemological conflicts and compromises, both inside the laboratory and beyond.
But the answer to the question "Why do people doubt science?" is not because they have read Kuhn, Feyerabend or some sociology journal. Neither is it because a bunch of irrational activists have scared them witless about GM crops. It is because they can see how science is used, corrupted and manipulated by powerful corporations to serve their own ends.
U.S. sociologist Robert Merton highlighted the underlying norms of science as involving research that is not warped by vested interests, adheres to the common ownership of scientific discoveries (intellectual property) to promote collective collaboration and subjects findings to organised, rigorous critical scrutiny within the scientific community. Secrecy, dogma and vested interest have no place.
But if we really want to look at the role of secrecy, dogma and vested interest in full flow, we could take a look at in the sector to which Fraley belongs.
The GMO agritech sector is only concerned with a certain type of science: that which supports its aims.
In 2014, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack called for "sound science" to underpin food trade between the U.S. and the E.U. Consumer rights groups in the U.S. are pushing for the labeling of GMO foods, but Vilsack said that putting a label on a foodstuff containing a GM product "risks sending a wrong impression that this was a safety issue."
Despite what Vilsack would have us believe, many scientific studies show that GMOs are indeed a big safety issue. But Vislack tries to prevent proper debate about issues that their corporate backers would find unpalatable. And "corporate backers" must not be taken as a throwaway term here. Big agritech concerns have captured or at the very least seriously compromised key policy and regulatory bodies in the U.S., Europe, India and in fact on a global level.
GM is so heavily pushed because it offers a lucrative way to control intellectual property and global supply chains. It's highly convenient for Vilsack to want to close down debate on the GM issue.
Coming from the GMO biotech industry, or its political mouthpieces, the term "sound science" rings extremely hollow. The industry carries out inadequate, short-term studies and conceals the data produced by its research under the guise of commercial confidentiality while independent research highlights the dangers of its products (many peer-reviewed studies are cited in the last link).
It has in the past also relied on fakery in India, bribery in Indonesia and smears and intimidation against those who challenge its interests, as well as the distortion and the censorship of science (see this and this about the "Seralini affair" as well).
The GMO agritech sector is only concerned with a certain type of science: that which supports its aims. Because if science is held in such high regard by these corporations, why isn't Monsanto proud of its products? Why in the U.S. doesn't it label foods containing GMOs and throw open its science to public scrutiny, instead of veiling it with secrecy, restricting independent research on its products or resorting to unsavoury tactics?
If science is held in such high regard by the GMO agritech sector, why in the U.S. did policymakers release GM food onto the commercial market without proper independent long-term tests? Where is the data to prove safety? It attempted to get around this by using the throwaway term "substantially equivalent," which has nothing to do with science. Foreign genes are being inserted into organisms that make them substantially non-equivalent.
Substantial equivalence is a trade strategy on behalf of the GM sector that neatly serves to remove every genetic modification to our food from proper scrutiny.
The reason why no labeling or testing has taken place in the U.S. is not due to "sound science" having been applied, but comes down to the power and political influence of the GMO biotech sector and because a sound scientific approach has been substituted for fraud and mass deception.
It is not science itself that people have doubts about, but science that is pressed into the service of immensely powerful private corporations.
The sector cannot win the scientific debate so it resorts to co-opting key public bodies or individuals to propagate various falsehoods and deceptions. Part of the deception is based on emotional blackmail: the world needs GMOs to feed the hungry, both now and in the future. This myth has of course been taken apart many times before (for example, here).
People's faith in science is being shaken on many levels, not least because big corporations have secured access to policymakers and governments, and are increasingly funding research and setting research agendas.
Ultimately, it is not science itself that people have doubts about, but science that is pressed into the service of immensely powerful private corporations and regulatory bodies that are effectively co-opted and adopt a "don't look, don't find approach" to studies and products.
Or in the case of releasing GMOs onto the commercial market in the U.S., bypassing proper scientific procedures and engaging in doublespeak about "substantial equivalence" then hypocritically calling for "sound science" to inform debates.
Finally, if Robb Fraley wants to know why people doubt their company -- and indeed the science that it supports -- its track record of duplicity and criminality is clear for all to see. That alone provides very good reason why so many would doubt and challenge powerful corporations and the type of science they fund and promote.
Perhaps the question we should be asking is: Mr Fraley, why isn't Monsanto on the side of science?
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
MORE ON HUFFPOST:
Photo gallery Monsanto And 6 More Greenwashing Envirovillains On Twitter See Gallery GMO Industry Has Co-Opted The Concept Of Sound Science 1 / 7
Monsanto And 6 More Greenwashing Envirovillains On Twitter 1 / 7
Disease Detectives Are Solving Fewer Foodborne Illness Cases
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto.com iStockphoto.com
Recall, if you will, some of the biggest foodborne illness outbreaks of the past decade. There was the nasty outbreak of listeria from cantaloupe in 2011 that killed 33 people. And the ugly Salmonella Heidelberg outbreak from Foster Farms chicken, which has sickened 481 people in multiple states since 2013.
What do those outbreaks have in common? Well, the government solved them, tracking down both the food and the pathogen that made people sick. Because of that, we learned a lot about how to prevent future outbreaks.
But according to a report released Monday by the Center for Science in the Public Interest, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been reporting and solving fewer and fewer outbreaks over the past decade. In fact, CSPI says outbreak reporting dropped 42 percent from 2002 to 2011. Also during this time, "between 57 and 68 percent of all outbreaks reported annually to CDC lacked necessary information, such as the contaminated food or contaminant," the CSPI report says.
And that doesn't necessarily mean that fewer Americans are getting sick from their food, the group contends.
"Underreporting of outbreaks has reached epidemic proportions," said CSPI food safety director Caroline Smith DeWaal in a statement. "Despite the improvements in food safety policy in the past decade, far too many Americans still are getting sick, being hospitalized, or even dying due to contaminated food."
How many, exactly? Some 48 million people are sickened annually from bugs in their food, and of those, 128,000 are hospitalized and 3,000 die, according to the CDC.
The report also notes that people were more likely to get sick from eating out at a restaurant rather than cooking at home, and fingers salmonella and norovirus as the most common culprits of illness.
Now, no one is saying these illnesses are easy to investigate.
When an outbreak strikes, the task of figuring out exactly what's making people sick, how bad the outbreak could be and where it came from falls to all kinds of government agencies — from local public health departments to the bigwigs at the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration.
The investigations are often extremely challenging, and involve a lot of false leads and confusion. But the longer it takes the disease detectives to find the source of the problem and inform consumers how to avoid the tainted food, the more people may get sick.
How might the CDC become more effective in tracking outbreaks? Well, the agency is asking for more money for tools that can give its detectives more detailed information on pathogens like listeria or salmonella that are making people sick.
The fancy name for the technology is "advanced molecular detection." It's a way of doing DNA fingerprinting, and sequencing the genome of a pathogen and analyzing it to figure out whether cases are linked to each other.
The CDC, in its most recent budget request for 2015, asked for $30 million to go toward these DNA sequencing tools. It says they can help it catch on to illness outbreaks faster, respond to them faster and ultimately prevent more cases.
So far this year, the CDC has used DNA to decode listeria infections. In one recent outbreak, in which eight people in two states were sickened after eating cheese products from a company in Delaware, the CDC said sequencing helped it figure out that five of the strains isolated from the sick people were closely related.
The agency says it receives reports of about 800 confirmed cases of listeriosis each year in the U.S. Outbreaks in recent years have been linked to dairy products, raw sprouts and cantaloupe.
The symptoms of listeriosis (the disease caused by listeria bacteria) are typically fever and muscle aches, sometimes with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms. Pregnant women, the elderly and newborns are the most susceptible to the disease.
But even though the cheese from the Delaware factory is the outbreak du jour, CSPI says that its analysis of outbreaks over the past decade showed that seafood is by far the most hazardous food to eat, in terms of the number of illnesses-per-pound of food consumed.
Image: Masahiro Ihara/Flickr
If you're the sort of person who believes bacon makes everything better, then a study that made headlines this week claiming a vegetarian diet can kill you was probably a welcome sight. Enough with this nonsense about how eating less meat is better for you, for animals, and for the planet. Vegetarianism is deadly, the headlines read.
"Long term vegetarian diet changes human DNA raising risk of cancer and heart disease," the Telegram warned. "Being a long term vegetarian changes your DNA and increases your risk of cancer" according to Cosmo UK. "Being a vegetarian could kill you, science warns," the New York Post proclaimed.
Except here's the problem: that's not what the actual study said. At all.
"In the beginning, we were pretty happy to see our research getting so much attention," Kaixiong Ye, a biology post-doc at Cornell University and co-author of the study in question, told me. "But over the last few days I have found that most of the news coming out right now [on our study] is wrong. It's kind of frustrating."
So what did the study actually find? Ye and their colleagues identified an allele—a gene variant—in some people whose ancestors maintained a primarily vegetarian diet. This allele allows these individuals to produce synthetic versions of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid, which are essential for brain function but can be lacking from vegetarian diets.
While a certain level of these fatty acids is necessary for your body to run, too much of it can cause inflammation, which can lead to heart disease and colon cancer. Because of this, individuals with the "vegetarian allele" would be better off sticking to a vegetarian diet, so that they're not getting double the dose of fatty acid from their diet and their body's natural synthetic version.
It's actually a really cool finding that demonstrates how humans, over hundreds of generations, can evolve traits unique to their local environment: This allele was more commonly found in individuals from more vegetarian cultures. While about 70 percent of South Asians had it, only 17 percent of Europeans (whose ancestors ate meat) did.
"Our claim is that, to put it simply: you need to have a diet that is matched to your genes," Ye explained. "For those individuals that carry the 'vegetarian allele,' our suggestion is to stick to the vegetarian diet because that's what your ancestors ate and that's what your ancestors adapted to. Too much meat or vegetable oil is not good for these people, because those foods also contain omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids."
But somehow, this study about a gene variant that means some people might be better off eating a vegetarian diet was misinterpreted to mean that eating vegetarian will cause your genes to mutate and lead to a higher risk of colon cancer.
"There was a cascade of misinformation," said Nathaniel Comfort, the Baruch Blumberg professor of astrobiology at the Library of Congress and NASA who blogs about hype and misconceptions in genetic research. "The way this happened is through a kind of informational entropy."
Comfort said there were a number of elements that made this particular study ripe for misunderstanding. Genetics often gets oversimplified due to a general misunderstanding of how genes affect traits, Comfort told me. One single gene does not cause one single trait, and the relationship between the genes and the traits they impact is complicated, but that doesn't always make for the most exciting headline, so this kind of studies often get boiled down to labels like "the vegetarian gene," Comfort said.
"Vegetarians make us feel guilty, right?"
Nutrition studies also commonly get misconstrued because they are a popular topic, Comfort told me. Everybody eats, so everyone is interested in studies about what we put in our bodies, which means writers who don't often cover science might report on nutrition studies and make mistakes.
Then there's the vegetarian factor.
"Vegetarians make us feel guilty, right? They're so virtuous and ascetic, and yet bacon is so good, you know?" Comfort said. "Interpreting this study like this is a way for someone to rationalize their not following a vegetarian diet."
Here's the thing: the study, like lots of studies, is not exactly simple to parse. Even the title —"Positive selection on a regulatory insertion-deletion polymorphism in FADS2 influences apparent endogenous synthesis of arachidonic acid"—is, uh, cryptic. Science writers must simplify some concepts in order for any reader who doesn't have a PhD in genetics to understand. Comfort told me the key is to simplify without distorting, a challenge that requires time and research.
"We have to be careful and precise," Comfort said. "Science is an intellectual discipline that requires precision and accuracy and writing about science has to be equally careful."
Former State Rep. Brady Walkinshaw Leaves Politics to Join Seattle-Based Grist as CEO
Brady Piñero Walkinshaw, left, with Grist's founder, Chip Giller. ROHAN V. MENDONCA
Well, this was unexpected. Former representative Brady Piñero Walkinshaw announced today that they are joining Seattle-based environmental news outlet Grist as the organization's new CEO.
So why is a former state legislator turning to journalism?
"Coming out of my own election and the national election and reflecting on where I think the movement for really positive social impacts will be," said Walkinshaw, "I think media and journalism, especially nonprofit, independent media like Grist, has an extraordinary position to spark action for a more just world."
The career change comes after Walkinshaw fiercely ran against and eventually lost to Pramila Jayapal in the race to represent Washington's seventh congressional district in November. Now at Grist—where, full disclosure, I was a fellow—Walkinshaw said he's most excited to further expand the organization's national news platform, focus on covering environmental justice issues, and "focus on solutions journalism."
As part of the company reorganization, Chip Giller, who founded Grist in 1999, will be working to bring together environmental leaders to launch a new effort.
"So often solutions-makers are siloed," Giller told The Stranger. "Folks working on transportation are usually talking to transportation people. Policymakers are rarely talking to storytellers. ... We want to assemble those people and pull them together for a different experience and spur collaboration [to envision] what the future might look like in 50 years."
On the heels of The Seattle Times' newsroom buyouts and layoffs, Grist, too, laid off four of its five full-time reporters—Katie Herzog, news writer; Heather Smith, columnist; Ben Adler, politics writer; and Aura Bogado, climate justice writer.
When asked about the recent job shifts, Walkinshaw said that "diversity, equity, and leadership [are] an absolute priority in our journalism staff and on our board and that will be an absolute priority going forward." An announcement for Walkinshaw's arrival also noted that Nikhil Swaminathan, who has written for Al Jazeera America and The Nation, among other publications, will also join Grist as a senior editor responsible for "equity coverage." Moving forward, Walkinshaw said they hope to build up the organization's environmental justice desk while "telling the story of a better world."
This post has been updated.
Adnane Bennis is a national of Morocco, obtained their Bachelor's Degree in Computer and Information Science from East west University in Chicago.
Fez – The 2013 FIFA Club World Cup, kicked off on Wednesday in Agadir, in southern Morocco. While Moroccan fans were looking forward to that event and hoping that it would showcase the rich and diverse culture and the potentialities of their country, they were dismayed to witness a disappointing ceremony turned into a festival of folklore.
This spectacle provoked angry reactions from Moroccans on social networks with the video of the ceremony going viral.
Like the Moroccan public, the country's press expressed its dissatisfaction with the ”unprofessional” and “improvised” manner in which the opening ceremony was conducted, calling it a masquerade.
The ceremony “lacked professionalism” according to the Moroccan daily Al Ittihad Al Ichtiraki, in its edition of Friday 13 December.
For its part, the daily Al Akhbar pointed out that Moroccans were disappointed by the poor quality of the opening ceremony, adding that the organizing committee missed a great opportunity to promote Morocco's image.
“The ceremony was disappointing to Moroccans, who expected a better performance to promote their country's image,” it said.
“The officials of the Royal Moroccan Football Federation, the Ministry of Youth and Sports, and the government are all to blame for this masquerade,” it added.
The same sentiment of outrage was expressed by the online news portal Medias24, which pointed out that the opening ceremony was unworthy of a country that aspires to organize the World Cup, adding that the ceremony displayed a folkloric image of the country.
“On the occasion of the opening of the World Cup of clubs, Morocco had the opportunity to score points and prove it is a serious contender for the organization of the World Cup 2026. But it completely missed the opening, which translated a sense of improvisation and amateurism,” it stated.
© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed
Thank you so very very much missvampire!
This amazing gift traveled all the way from Slovenia, and international shipping being what it is, the postal service had me hanging out for this gift, but it was so very very worth the wait!
My santa is a student, and felt it was not much, but I think it was HEAPS and worth so much more than something that someone spent lots of money on.
1) First of all, CHECK OUT OUT THOSE STAMPS :D
2) Ooooo four gift wrapped presents of goodness
3) The Smallest first. Some random animal stickers which are very cute.
4) White chocolate Toblerone! Santa did some stalking and discovered how much I love this, and that I cannot get it in New Zealand anymore. Tasty tasty noms :D
5) I am expecting my first child, and put this in my profile. I am due in July, which is mid winter here in New Zealand. From the letter santa included "I knit your future offspring a wintery-coloured scarf. I was knitting like crazy all weekend (seriously, my hands were throbbing by day 3). But it is my first finished scarf so excuse the imperfections." ITS BEAUTIFUL! I feel very privileged to have your first finished scarf, It's going to look so cute on little bump <3
6) CANDY and hand made gifts. Santa saw my sweet tooth and catered well to it. Some PEZ (yup we have the dispensers here), Animal Kingdom chocolate that comes with animal stickers (like the ones from the first parcel), A chocolate bar with a cute name I think I say it like ch-orx-a, tasty Sour Power strips, and some chocolate Euro's. Money never tasted so good. The small metal containers contain homemade honey and beeswax cuticle cream, and the small hearts are homemade soaps santa's little brother made in school. Thanks so much little brother!
To sum up, my santa did an amazing job and I am very thankful to have had you be my gifter. I also loved the included letter, i quite enjoyed seeing why you included each thing :) Santa you are amazing and I love this all so much!
10/10 would receive gifts from missvampire again.
(Reuters) - Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said they would withdraw from the Paris climate accord.
FILE PHOTO: Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk smiles as they attend a forum on startups in Hong Kong, China January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge.
“Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post.  They are a member of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council.
Musk said on Wednesday that they had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord.
Iger wrote on Twitter that “as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.”  They are leaving the business advisory group.
Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies.
Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist them in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co .
Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said they would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord.
“I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors,” Fink said in a statement.
“I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world,” said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management.
“I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change.”
Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that “anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn't solve the climate problem.”
Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with them about the long-term goal of their company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans.
The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesperson said Wednesday.
General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that their participation “provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues.”
FILE PHOTO: Walt Disney Company Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Iger announces Disney's new standards for food advertising on their programming targeting kids and families at the Newseum in Washington June 5, 2012. REUTERS/Gary Cameron/File Photo
In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it “will not waver from our commitment to the environment.”
It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel.
Ford spokesperson Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes “climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities.”
(CNN) National Security Advise r H.R. McMaster faced the press Tuesday afternoon in hopes of quieting the storm caused by a Washington Post report that the president had shared classified information with two top Russian officials during a visit to the Oval Office last week.
They might have made things worse.
Asked a direct question as to whether Trump discussed classified information with the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kisylak, McMaster dodged.
"We don't say what's classified and what's not classified," they said. "What the president shared was wholly appropriate."
JUST WATCHED McMaster: Trump unaware of intel source Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH McMaster: Trump unaware of intel source 00:54
Er, what?
The defense of Trump is that they didn't really know the source of the report and, therefore, couldn't have possibly told the Russians more than they should? The opposite end of that defense is this: Trump was talking to two top officials of an adversarial power about highly protected information without having been briefed fully on that information.
Which creates this choice: Either Trump was talking about a topic they knew about -- and knew they needed to be careful as to what they could say -- or they were freelancing with a piece of information they didn't really know the full story on.
For their part, Trump offered little clarity on the meeting although they did nothing to dispute the basic facts reported by the Post and CNN among others.
"We had a very successful meeting with the foreign minister of Russia," Trump said at an appearance with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Tuesday afternoon. Trump added: "We had a great meeting with the foreign ministers. We're going to have a lot of great success over the next coming years."
Well that's that then!
Much like what happened last week with the aftermath of the firing of FBI Director James Comey, the White House's inability to stick to a single story regarding what Trump actually told (or didn't tell) the Russians is making the situation far worse.
If Trump hadn't been fully briefed on the information and its source, then why was they talking about it in the Oval Office with a country that has been a bad actor on the world stage -- and that we know actively worked to sway the 2016 election?
McMaster is, without question, one of the Trump advisers given the widest berth by Democratic and Republican members of Congress. In the wake of their comments on Tuesday afternoon, several Republican senators made clear that they had their trust.
"I take General McMaster at their word," Arizona Sen. John McCain told CNN's Jeremy Herb
Oklahoma Sen. Jim Inhofe echoed that sentiment in a conversation with Herb. "I think McMaster is right," said Inhofe. "He's never been wrong before. He's had a distinguished career, they know the situation, they were there. I tend to believe them as opposed to some anonymous."
But McMaster's explanation of what Trump knew and what they said neither disputes the Post and CNN reporting nor makes it totally obvious that Trump knew what they were talking about with Lavrov and Kisylak.
In short: McMaster's attempt to put this fire out managed to only spray lighter fluid on it.
Exclusive – spotted by the Console-Deals.com feed system.
Though black has been the go-to standard colour for PlayStation owners since the system's second iteration, the PS2, white alternatives have proved consistently popular. We've had the white PS4 Slim for a good while now, and based on our own sales figures, it's almost as popular as the black version.
Since launching last year, the PS4 Pro has been only available in a very narrow set of options, including bundles and colour schemes. In fact, the only significant deviation from the black colour scheme that we've seen so far was the Destiny 2 bundle that launched earlier this year, with a white version of the console and a special Destiny-themed controller. We're also getting a Battlefront 2 edition in the coming weeks.
With all this in mind, it was a matter of time before a white Pro became available to buy on its own. Now, a leak from Smyths Toys has confirmed the console's existence. Smyths' page lists the console as being available from the 7th of November. This is a significant date in the gaming calendar, with Microsoft's Pro competitor, the Xbox One X launching.
If you're in the market for a high powered gaming console, the colour is likely not to be your main concern. It's hard to imagine Microsoft losing much sleep about the date clash of the two consoles. Nonetheless, it's a cheeky move by Sony.
As we've mentioned before, one of the big unknowns of this holiday period is what Sony will do with the Pro's price. It's unlikely that they'll slash it, as doing so would be an admittance that the Pro can't pretend to compete with the X in terms of power. However, they may well push some smaller discounts to the Pro's £349.99 RRP to effectively undercut the One X, which will retail for around £100 more.
It wouldn't be a huge shock if Sony did announce a price drop on the Pro. Now, with the white Pro incoming, perhaps they could announce both together – on the day of the One X launch. Whatever they do, you can find all the latest and greatest PS4 deals at Console Deals.
Appalachian Trail Conservancy Teaches "Master" Leave No Trace Course
Home News Appalachian Trail Conservancy Teaches "Master" Leave No Trace Course
Published Aug 6, 2015
No organization, no matter how sincere or well organized, can change society. Society must change itself; however, because society is so dang antisocial, we must speak up and urge them to get its act together.
That's why the Appalachian Trail Conservancy and Leave No Trace are working together to spread the news about "Leave No Trace."
Our pals at the Appalachian Trail Conservancy (especially Julie Judkins) and the folks we don't know so well at the Leave No Trace Center for Outdoor Ethics will combine forces to teach Leave No Trace principles.
To instruct the unshowered masses on the AT, the ATC has been proclaimed a "Master Educator Course Provider." Only ten other groups in the US are authorized to teach these advanced Leave No Trace materials to hikers and the general public.
According to Javier Folgar:
"As a Master Educator course provider, the ATC will be a catalyst for fostering positive change among the hiking and trail communities by offering premier training designed to curb harmful habits. This is ever more important due to the recent release of the movie "Wild" and the upcoming release of "A Walk in the Woods," which presents the ATC with a great opportunity, but also comes with its own set of challenges, due to the expected increase in usage on the Trail. The ATC will take on these challenges with education and awareness, two of the most important tools at the organization's disposal to reduce hiker impact and ensure the protection of the Trail and its resources for many years to come.
"The Master Educator course enables the Appalachian Trail Conservancy to educate hikers about Leave No Trace Principles, and qualifies those who complete it to lead the courses themselves," said Marian Orlousky, northern resource management coordinator for the ATC. "The Leave No Trace Principles will supply you with the information and knowledge you need to enjoy the outdoors in a safe, responsible and gratifying way."
The Leave No Trace course structure has three tiers devised to educate participants with varying experience and expertise. The one-day Awareness courses are constructed for anyone with an interest in Leave No Trace skills and ethics. The two-day Trainer courses are designed for educators, serious outdoor users and outdoor employees. The five-day comprehensive Master Educator course caters to individuals who are actively teaching backcountry skills and providing outdoor recreation information to other users.
The ATC will offer two Leave No Trace Master Educator courses this year. In 2015 only, courses will be offered at the discounted rate of $400 exclusively for A.T. volunteers, Trail Club and Conservancy members, and agency partners. Beyond 2015, courses will be open to everyone. Over the course of five days, participants gain an in-depth understanding of the "why" behind the seven principles of Leave No Trace, and explore their personal backcountry ethics among fellow A.T. flight attendants and outdoor professionals.
2015 Leave No Trace Courses
Konnarock Base Camp
August 28th - September 1st
Mount Rogers National Recreation Area
609 Flat Ridge Road
Sugar Grove, VA 24375
Blackburn Trail Center
September 14th - 18th
34899 Appalachian Trail Road
Round Hill, VA 20141
To enroll in a Leave No Trace Master Educator course or to learn more about upcoming opportunities, e-mail leavenotrace@appalachiantrail.org.
Tags: Attractions, Appalachian Trail Conservancy, Appalachian Trail, News, Conservation, leave no trace, and appalachian trail conservancy leave no trace
The announcement of the latest US escalation into Iraq, starting with 450 ground troops and likely a thousand more coming in short order has fueled concern in the US that the administration is engaging in substantial mission creep. Perhaps more importantly, however, it is fueling another backlash, by the Shi'ite militias in the area the troops are being sent.
The Shi'ites, dispatched to try to stall an ISIS advance in Anbar, are complaining that US airstrikes are hindering their operations and in some cases killing their fighters instead of ISIS. One noted that “if they really wanted to help us, then they would leave Iraqis to liberate Iraq by themselves.”
Hadi al-Amiri, head of the powerful Badr Brigade, dismissed the idea that the US deployments would be of any help, insisting that 150,000 US ground troops were unable to do anything about al-Qaeda in the same area in 2006 and 2007, and the 450 wouldn't do any better.
The US deployment centers around the idea that they're going to train up and court Sunni militias to fight in Anbar, aiming to offset the growing influence of the Shi'ites. This obviously doesn't sit well with the Shi'ite militias either, but so far the US seems to be struggling to find more than a few token Sunni allies even willing to go up against ISIS in the area.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Peculium introduces its private sale with a 6,000,000$ bounty campaign
Peculium Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 11, 2017
Do you know that Wall Street successfully employs computer algorithms to trade billions of dollars each day? What if you would have access to that power? Wouldn't you love to have a personal hedge fund manager who learns and improves every second? Grows your savings while you enjoy your life?
Awesome … right?
We bring to you, the world's first savings platform powered by the blockchain technology — PECULIUM
The Artificial Intelligence
Lead by CEO Rachid Oukhai, developed by a team of top data and AI scientists in collaboration with blockchain experts from all over the world, PECULIUM wants to help you grow your traditional savings and give you the power of artificial intelligence combined with algorithmic trading — secured and powered by the Ethereum blockchain. No matter where you are, Peculium will help you grow your savings by investing in cryptocurrency markets.
The Scope
Since the inception of bitcoin in 2009, cryptocurrency markets have grown to a $200 billion industry in 8 years. In the context of the global savings market ($19 trillion), the cryptocurrency market capitalization ($200 billion) is still in its infancy.
The Bigger Picture
One of the goals of PECULIUM is to bring the global traditional saving markets with crypto economy, thus the potential growth is tremendous.
Say hello to AIΞVE, our financial advisor
Why Artificial Intelligence?
The social, behavioral, and financial data collected on ‘you' and ‘me' is ever increasing — so much that it defies the human comprehension. Automated Machine Learning can use the complex relationships within massive data sets to enable more accurate predictions of movements in the financial behaviors of everything including cryptocurrency markets. Even having a tiny split-second edge in a market, can give incredible results. Now imagine having years of historical data on cryptocurrency and monitoring every single publication, book, tweet, forum post, etc. in real time.
Private Sale with 50% Bonus!
Peculium private sale has started and is scheduled to last until 22nd Nov.
The investors in the private sale can buy Pecul (PCL) tokens (1 PCL = 0.01 €) and will receive an additional 50% bonus PCL amount. More than 1.3 million € have been already pledged in this limited time private sale. Tokens reserved for the private sale are limited.
At the current time of writing this article you can still try to reserve your token at the private sale website: https://privatesale.peculium.io
$6 Million Bounty!
After a successful public PCL token airdrop to 2,600 participants, PECULIUM wants to spread the word through a massive $6,000,000 bounty campaign in collaboration with the community. If you have a substantial social following, you can become a partner and benefit from our partner bounty! You can also join our signature campaign on www.bitcointalk.org.
There are many bounties available for anyone who has writing skills, social media following, graphics design skills, video creating skills and etc. — even liking or retweeting: we have got a bounty for you! For more information on the bounties visit https://www.peculium.io/bounty
100,000 € secret!
An incredibly complicated and cryptic secret that the CEO has been hiding for a long time… The bounty on this secret is incredible! The reward for finding the secret is 10 million PCL (~100,000 € )!! We have a secret at Peculium that nobody uncovered yet. Do you want to take a shot at solving the secret or become an Ambassador?
Join us on slack: https://www.peculium.io/slack
Remember,
The savings start slow, but can grow fast with just little advise from PECULIUM's AIΞVE.
Hillary Clinton's newest book, "Stronger Together," has been met with critical reviews and slow sales since its release earlier this month.
But Amazon.com appears to be helping the Democratic presidential nominee by removing negative reviews from its website, WND.com reported.
The book, co-authored by Clinton's running mate, Tim Kaine, sold just 2,912 copies in its first week on sale, according to Nielsen BookScan. And the online ratings have been abysmal, with 81 percent one-star ratings and an average of only 1.7 on Amazon.com after it hit book shelves on Sept 6.
Amazon, however, has tried to fix that.
According to WND.com -- which has been tracking the number of reviews -- Amazon deleted hundreds of comments last week that were critical of the book, which lays out a policy blueprint of how the country would look under a Clinton-Kaine administration.
On Thursday, Amazon -- whose CEO, Jeff Bezos, owns the Washington Post -- said there were 91 positive reviews compared to 166 critical ones, according to WND. Just two days earlier, there were 1,244 reviews -- 81 percent of them with one-star and 16 percent with five-star ratings, the website reported.
As of Monday morning, 85 percent of the customer reviews on Amazon gave it one star, while only 11 percent gave it five stars.
The book dropped from No. 840 on Amazon's best-seller rankings early last week to No. 1,538 on Thursday.
One reader, identified as Robert S Lionel JR, gave the book a one-star rating and wrote, "Every time I write my review it gets deleted, it's so weird. Does anyone know where the servers are hosted that contain reviews?"
Another reader commented: "I expected that Amazon tweaked reviews but have lost all belief in Amazon reviews now. Will switch to Walmart for ordering most the things I used to buy here."
According to Amazon's description, the book "presents [their] agenda in full, relating stories from the American people and outlining the Clinton/Kaine campaign's plans on everything from apprenticeships to the Zika virus."
Many of the poor reviews appeared to hit the candidate rather than the substance of the book. Of the comments that critiqued the book, readers used words such as "boring" and "dishonest" in describing the 250-page text interspersed with bullet-point policy ideas.
They were a great coach -- a Hall of Fame coach. And he's usually fun to watch on ESPN. The question is, can they win a seat in the US Congress?
That's what former Notre Dame coach Lou Holtz is thinking about. Holtz is considering running for the seat currently held by Suzanne Kosmas, a Democrat in Central Florida.
Certainly it wouldn't be the first time a coach has moved from college football to the halls of Congress. Former Nebraska Cornhuskers head coach Tom Osborne served in Congress for six years following their remarkable record on the football field.
One sports reporter in Florida thinks a Holtz victory is in the bag. "If they do run, Kosmas probably has as much a shot at beating Holtz as Baylor had at beating Notre Dame during the years Holtz coached the Irish. It might not be pretty," writes Todd Wright.
It might not be pretty. But for a different reason than the sportswriter thinks. After all, the more you're on the record, the more of a trail you leave. And Holtz has been on the record a lot.
Like last year, when they said that "Hitler was a great leader." They actually said that. Of course, there's context here (something that campaign commercials always leave out). And a lot of reporters left that out when the remarks were first uttered.
Last October, Holtz was discussing Michigan head coach Rich Rodriguez's rough first year as the head coach of the Wolverines. While discussing leadership, ESPN co-host Mark May said to Holtz, "You have to have leaders in the locker room to get the team and the young players to buy into what the coach is teaching you."
Holtz replied, "Let's remember this, Hitler was a great leader, too. There are good leaders and bad leaders."
What did they mean? ESPN ombudsman Le Anne Schreiber put it this way:
In context, their garbled but detectable meaning was bewared what you wish for. You wish for a strong leader, you may end up with a Hitler.
Understanding both the context and the danger of misinterpretation, 'GameDay' anchor Rece Davis leapt in after Holtz with, "OK, and meaning obviously, that they were a very bad leader."
Later, Davis told me, "It's been very frustrating to read some of the things that have been written. Much of it was a complete mischaracterization of the discussion. There's no way it was implied, nor should it have been inferred, that Lou drew any comparison between Rich Rodriguez and Hitler. They were making a point about establishing leaders in the locker room who lead in the right direction as opposed to the wrong one. Anyone who wrote otherwise either didn't see the discussion or wasn't listening."
However it was meant, controversy erupted quickly as did call for their firing. They aren't let go but made plenty of apologies for the statement.
"Last night while trying to make a point about leadership, I made an unfortunate reference," Holtz said the day after. "It was a mistake and I sincerely apologize."
Regardless of the controversy, the chairperson of the Orange County Republican Executive Committee in Orlando told the Associated Press that Holtz may suffer from something else -- no one knows who they are.
"I doubt sincerely that 90 percent of the people who live in that district have heard the name before," said Lew Oliver. "It would be different if the guy was named Bob Griese or Don Shula, or someone with Florida connections."
------------
Hey, if Bob Griese or Don Shula or even all of the 1972 Dolphins (as a group) decide to run for Congress, we'll let you know about it on Twitter!
The problem of measuring temperature with nanometre resolution are many, said IBM, including the thermometer's own thermal characteristics swamping the measurement, and the unknown thermal resistance of the tiny contact spot between scanning probe and device under test.
According to IBM researcher Fabian Menges, because the measuring probe and its associated support structure is always going to be large compared to the point being measured, techniques that rely on thermal equilibrium measurement techniques – the equivalent of putting a medical thermometer under your tongue – are non-starters.
This leaves measuring change in temperature at the probe with respect to time – a dynamic measurement – as the only viable way.
echo do_shortcode('[inread_parallax slot="DFP-EW-InRead2-Mobile" width="300"]'); ?
echo do_shortcode('[inread_parallax slot="DFP-EW-InRead2-Mobile" width="300"]'); ?
The temperature of the sample is related to the thermal time constant of the probe, the temperature of the probe, and the thermal resistance between probe and sample.
Thermal resistance in this case is the sum of the known characteristics of the probe, and the unknown thermal contact resistance where the probe touches the sample – and it this unknown that has scuppered previous attempts, said Menges.
“Our method permits the elimination of tip–sample contact-related artefacts, a major hurdle that so far has limited the use of scanning probe microscopy for nanoscale thermometry,” said the IBM team in the abstract of a paper describing the work in Nature Communications: Temperature mapping of operating nanoscale devices by scanning probe thermometry.
In the paper, Peltier effects at the metal-semiconductor contacts to an indium arsenide nano-wire, and self-heating of a metal interconnect, were measured to 7mK temperature resolution and sub-10nm spatial resolution.
A limitation of the technique, which has taken over five years to develop, is that it can only measure points at which temperature is varying.
If you want to know how the technique works, the paper is somewhat tough going. Menges' doctoral thesis on the same subject is a much easier read.
Update: thanks to Chris Sciacca for pointing out this video which explains part of the IBM technique.
Other members of the team were: Nico Mosso, Bernd Gotsmann and Fabian Motzfeld. The research was conducted in IBM's underground Noise Free Lab.
How did humans get to be so smart, and when did this happen? To untangle this question, we need to know more about the intelligence of our human ancestors who lived 1.8 million years ago. It was at this point in time that a new type of stone tool hit the scene and the human brain nearly doubled in size.
Some researchers have suggested that this more advanced technology, coupled with a bigger brain, implies a higher degree of intelligence and perhaps even the first signs of language. But all that remains from these ancient humans are fossils and stone tools. Without access to a time machine, it's difficult to know just what cognitive features these early humans possessed, or if they were capable of language. Difficult – but not impossible.
Now, thanks to cutting-edge brain imaging technology, my interdisciplinary research team is learning just how intelligent our early tool-making ancestors were. By scanning the brains of modern humans today as they make the same kinds of tools that our very distant ancestors did, we are zeroing in on what kind of brainpower is necessary to complete these tool-making tasks.
A leap forward in stone tool technology
The stone tools that have survived in the archaeological record can tell us something about the intelligence of the people who made them. Even our earliest human ancestors were no dummies; there is evidence for stone tools as early as 3.3 million years ago, though they were probably making tools from perishable items even earlier.
As early as 2.6 million years ago, some small-bodied and small-brained human ancestors chipped small flakes off of larger stones to use their sharp cutting edges. These types of stone tools belong to what is known as the Oldowan industry, named after Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania, where remains of some of the earliest humans and their stone implements have been found.
Shelby S. Putt, courtesy of the Stone Age Institute , CC BY-ND
Around 1.8 million years ago, also in East Africa, a new type of human emerged, one with a larger body, a larger brain and a new toolkit. This toolkit, called the Acheulian industry, consisted of shaped core tools that were made by removing flakes from stones in a more systematic manner, leading to a flat handaxe with sharp edges all the way around the tool.
Why was this novel Acheulian technology so important for our ancestors? At a time when the environment and food resources were somewhat unpredictable, early humans probably began to rely on technology more often to access food items that were more difficult to obtain than, say, low-hanging fruits. Meat, underground tubers, grubs and nuts may all have been on the menu. Those individuals with the better tools gained access to these energy-dense foods, and they and their offspring reaped the benefits.
One group of researchers has suggested that human language may have evolved by piggybacking on a preexisting brain network that was already being used for this kind of complex tool manufacture.
So were the Acheulian toolmakers smarter than any human relative that lived prior to 1.8 million years ago, and is this potentially the point in human evolution when language emerged? We used a neuroarchaeological approach to answer these questions.
Imaging brain activity now to reconstruct brain activity in the past
My research team, which consists of paleoanthropologists at the Stone Age Institute and the University of Iowa and neuroscientists at the University of East Anglia, recruited modern human beings – all we have at our disposal these days – whose brains we could image while they made Oldowan and Acheulian stone tools. Our volunteers were recreating the behaviors of early humans to make the same types of tools they made so long ago; we can assume that the areas of their modern human brains that light up when making these tools are the same areas that were activated in the distant past.
We used a brain imaging technology called functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS). It is unique among brain imaging techniques because it allows the person whose brain is being imaged to sit up and move their arms, unlike other techniques that do not allow any movement at all.
Each of the subjects who participated in this study attended multiple training sessions to learn how to make Oldowan and Acheulian tools before going in for the final test – making tools while hooked up to the fNIRS system.
We needed to control for language in the design of our experiment to test the idea that language and tool-making share a common circuit in the brain. So we divided the participants into two groups: One learned to make stone tools via video with language instructions; the other group learned via the same videos, but with the audio muted, so without language.
If language and tool-making truly share a co-evolutionary relationship, then even those participants who were placed in the nonverbal group should still use language areas of the brain while making a stone tool. This is the result we should expect if language processing and stone tool production require the same neural circuitry in the brain.
During the neuroimaging session, we had the participants complete three tasks: a motor baseline task during which they struck two round stones together without attempting to make flakes; an Oldowan task that involved making simple flakes without trying to shape the core; and an Acheulian task where they attempted to shape the core into a handaxe through a more advanced flake removal procedure.
The evolution of human-like cognition
What we found was that only the participants who learned to make stone tools with language instruction used language processing areas of the brain. This probably means that they were recalling verbal instructions they'd heard during their training sessions. That explains why earlier studies that did not control for language instruction in their experiment design found that stone tool production activates language processing areas of the brain. Those language areas lit up not because of anything intrinsic to making stone tools, but because while participants worked on the tools they also were likely playing back in their minds the language-based instruction they'd received.
Our study showed that people could make stone tools without activating language-related brain circuits. That means, then, that we can't confidently state at this point that stone tool manufacture played a major role in the evolution of language. When exactly language made its appearance is therefore still a mystery to be solved.
We also discovered that Oldowan tool-making mainly activates brain areas involved in visual inspection and hand movement. More advanced Acheulian tool-making recruits a higher-order cognitive network that spans across a large portion of the cerebral cortex. This Acheulian cognitive network is involved in higher-level motor planning and holding in mind multi-sensory information using working memory.
It turns out that this Acheulian cognitive network is the same one that comes online when a trained pianist plays the piano. This does not necessarily mean that early humans could play Chopin. But our result may mean that the brain networks we rely on today to complete complex tasks involving multiple forms of information, such as playing a musical instrument, were likely evolving around 1.8 million years ago so that our ancestors could make relatively complex tools to exploit energy-dense foods.
Some folks have asked if my doctors are putting pressure on me not to have more children. I usually respond with a sound like hoooooo-ho-ho-hooooo (which is not supposed to be a sound like what Santa says, but rather a hearty laugh to indicate, YOU HAVE NO IDEA).
The doctors have said this before, when I was diagnosed with the clotting disorder after getting a deep vein thrombosis during my second pregnancy, but, luckily for my third, fourth, fifth, and sixth children, I knew that they weren't that serious when they said, “You seriously can't have any more children.”
But now they're saying it with extra drama, and there's nothing like lungs full of blood clots (for me) and lungs full of holes (for the baby) to make me think that they might actually mean it this time.
So what does that mean for me? When I converted to Catholicism, to my great surprise I came to agree whole-heartedly with what the Church teaches about contraception. I do Natural Family Planning (badly), and probably have about eight years of fertility left. Am I still going to stick with it? Am I resentful of these rules? Do I even want to have more kids? If the subject lines of my email inbox are any indication, a lot of folks are curious about this; hey, I would be too if I followed someone's blog who found themselves in this situation.
So let's go ahead and crack open that can of worms, and I'll give you my long answer to the question: Your doctors said you can't have any more kids. What now?
Let's talk about risk
First of all, let's remember that when we speak about the dangers of pregnancy or any other undertaking, we're talking about risk. This is not certainty. Nobody has a crystal ball. It's all just educated guesses.
This sounds obvious, but it's surprisingly easy to forget.
You hear a doctor say, “You shouldn't do XYZ because it would put your health at risk, ” and it's tempting to immediately declare, “‘Risk, ‘ you say? I SHALL NEVER DO XYZ AGAIN THEN!” But it's critical to do the best we can to identify what level of risk we're talking about.
In my own case, for example, I have a responsibility to my existing children not to take unnecessary risks with my life. The word to hone in on here is “unnecessary, ” though, because the reality is that we take risks with our lives all the time.
I'm thinking about taking a road trip this summer that would involve driving for hours down two-lane roads with 70-mile-per-hour speed limits and no barriers separating oncoming traffic. I would be driving on a weekend, when plenty of people are on the road after having beers at nearby lakes. There is no question that my life would be in danger if I went on that trip; in fact, the danger to my health in that situation is probably not even drastically lower than it would be with another pregnancy. Yet we perceive the pregnancy as being so much more fraught than the fun road trip.
For a variety of reasons, we're always tempted to freak out and get all fearful when it comes to new life, much more so than in other areas of life. A mother setting out to climb a famous mountain as a personal self-fulfillment project would be congratulated and encouraged, whereas another mother being open to pregnancy despite concerning health conditions would be chided and discouraged, even if the risk to both women's health from their respective activities were the same.
So, especially when it comes to the question of more children, we need to look very carefully at the question, “How big is the risk?” There are times when we'll take a closer look and find that the risk is real and huge and deeply concerning; but other times we might just find that the risk isn't all that much greater than it would be with plenty of other “normal” activities, and that the doom and gloom predictions about future pregnancy were fueled as much by our culture's fear of life than as by a reasonable analysis of risk.
The hope factor
Every risk has a flipside, and this is another area that is too often forgotten about when we're talking about pregnancy: the benefits of undertaking the risk.
We have this problem in our society of seeing new human lives as burdens. Instead of celebrating new people, too often we chalk them up to carbon footprints and mouths to feed. We deem others (always others, not people we know) to be “overpopulation.” And I'm not using “we” rhetorically: Seriously, I'm not immune to the mentality either.
The soundtrack to all of my pregnancies is the noise of my whining voice. I always forget about the life of the new son or daughter that I'm carrying, and talk about the huge burden that “the pregnancy” is placing on me. Maybe it's all those years I spent immersed in secular culture, but I am naturally sympathetic to the frame of mind that wants to immediately shut down the pregnancy train as soon as the doctor says the word “risk.” Especially in the case of those of us who already have a lot of children, why not? After all, how many kids does one person need?
But children are more than a number in the family birth order, and each human life is infinitely valuable. Think of someone you love: When you consider the worth of their or their life, it makes you view the pregnancy that brought them or them into existence differently. It makes you willing to accept higher levels of risk to add a person like that to the world.
Imagine that you were diagnosed with a rare and fatal illness, and you discovered that there was a doctor who had developed a brand-new way to treat it. Imagine that this doctor cured you. Imagine the waves of joy and relief that would sweep over you when you found out that they had defeated the disease that threatened to cut your life short. Now imagine that you found out that they were their mother's seventh child, and that their pregnancy with them went against warnings from their doctors not to have any more children. Would their mother seem crazy for becoming pregnant anyway? Would they seem irresponsible for deciding that adding another soul to their family was worth the risk?
Unfortunately, sometimes we need to remind ourselves what other people can do for us in order to remember the value of their lives.
I'm not suggesting that there's never a good reason to avoid pregnancy; even aside from health risks, there are plenty of other reasons couples might decide that it's not a good time for another kid. I only suggest that when we make those decisions, it's critical that we make them in light of the hope that every new baby brings. When you think of making sacrifices for a nameless, faceless “pregnancy, ” it doesn't seem worth much effort. But the cost/benefit ratio changes drastically when you really think about the worth of one boy or girl's life.
NFP is worth it
All that said, I do think there's enough risk in my own situation that I should chill on the pregnancy front for now, maybe forever. In that case, then, wouldn't contraception or sterilization make everything easier? To put it concisely:
No.
First of all, Natural Family Planning can be an effective way to space children. (I'll give you a moment to stop laughing and clean up the drink you just spilled on your keyboard.) No, seriously, if you're willing to invest a little time to learn the ropes, it can work just as well as contraception. I'll be the first to admit that it's not always easy, and that the challenges that come with NFP are very real. However, it's not like the alternatives offer problem-free solutions either. As the great Simcha Fisher once said, “When it comes to facing fertility, all God's children got angst.”
I know a lot of other couples who have given up contraception to use NFP, and not a single one of them has ever returned to contraception use. I'm not saying it never happens, but, at least in my experience, it's rare. That's totally counter-intuitive since NFP is a sacrifice-based system, but I think what most couples find when they give up artificial birth control to space children naturally (especially when they involve God in the process), is that the high level of personal sacrifice involved is a feature, not a bug.
NFP is not just another form of birth control; it's an entirely new lifestyle.
It makes you see yourself and your spouse and your children entirely differently. It makes you see the meaning of life differently. It even makes you see your relationship with God differently. And once you've spent a while living that kind of life, you don't want to go back.
Intellectually, I don't think that contraception is a good thing. I've come to believe that it takes away women's reproductive freedom, and, on a societal level, fuels abortion culture. But, when I think of my own situation, I never even get that far in the analysis. Like so many other people who have made the switch to NFP, I simply couldn't be okay with any form of sterilization anymore, whether temporary or permanent. I don't know how to articulate it other than to say I just couldn't do it. On a purely visceral level, in that place deep in the heart where the most important truths about our humanity reside, I know as surely as I know anything else that those Catholic teachings about human sexuality are true and good.
So what now?
As you can imagine, I've gotten some flack about all of this lately, especially in light of this disastrous pregnancy. Sometimes I catch myself reacting by saying:
“I didn't know!”
I mean, yeah, I knew that I had a blood clotting disorder that's exacerbated by pregnancy, and, okay, there was that one just slightly life-threatening DVT in my second pregnancy. BUT! I thought that it would be fine once I took preventative Lovenox. I didn't know that it was possible to end up with bilateral pulmonary embolisms when you were on blood thinners — I thought that I was stabbing myself with needles every day to prevent that kind of thing! I didn't know that a one-month supply of said blood thinners would set me back FOUR THOUSAND dollars. I didn't know that I'd end up having to undergo medical procedures that were like something out of a bad episode of Fear Factor. I didn't know that one of my veins would turn black from having over 10 blood draws in the same arm over a few hours. I certainly didn't know that my baby would have their own, unrelated life-threatening lung issues that would put them in intensive care for two weeks. Sheesh, people, I didn't know!
The implication there is that I would have done something differently if I had known that I was signing up for a pregnancy that was like something out of a homeric epic.
But would I?
I look down at my sweet baby boy, who is sleeping in my lap as I type, and I am overwhelmed with love and joy at their existence. I am filled with certainty that their life was meant to be. I can barely even remember all the pain I went through to bring them into the world, because that finite amount of suffering seems so utterly insignificant in comparison to the infinite value of their life.
Yet I am also sitting here saying that it would probably be best if I didn't have more children. It leaves me in a place of strange tension: If this baby was so worth it, wouldn't that be the case for another one? As a mother, I certainly have a duty to my precious children not to take risks with my health; but if I'd followed that train of thought more closely before, most of said precious children would not even exist.
It is when I ponder these truths that I realize: It's so freaking complicated.
There are no more difficult, complicated, messy decisions in the human experience than the decisions we make about having kids. In no area of life is there more at stake, more opportunities for suffering and loss, and more opportunities for joy and love and connection that will last through eternity.
I don't have all the answers; many days, I don't feel like I have any. I have no idea if I'll ever have another biological child. Today I'm thinking that I probably won't…but will I feel that way tomorrow?
If I've learned anything so far this year, it's that your whole world can be turned upside down in a matter of hours, leaving you with an entirely different perspective on life than you had the day before. Luckily, with NFP, you make these kinds of decisions on a month-to-month, rather than a long-term basis. I'll have regular opportunities to re-evaluate my choices.
And so when people ask about whether I think I'll have more children, I usually respond with a responsible-sounding answer about how I am aware of the risks and currently plan to take the prudent course and avoid pregnancy for the rest of my fertile years.
But then I'll glance over at my little blond-haired son, and sometimes their tiny, ink-blue eyes will catch mine, and I can barely suppress a smile as I think: Never say never.
Related
Image: Shutterstock
The Senate Intelligence Committee is moving forward with its Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—a problematic, potentially civil liberties-killing piece of legislation that looks just like the CISPA bill the internet fought so hard to kill last year—and the year before that.
CISA, written by Senate Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.) will be considered by the committee next week, according to Feinstein.
"The bill incentivizes the sharing of cybersecurity threat information between the private sector and the government and among private sector entities," Feinstein's team suggested in a press release. "It responds to the massive and growing threat to national and economic security from cyber intrusion and attack, and seeks to improve the security of public and private computer networks by increasing awareness of threats and defenses."
It does some of that, but, as I noted back in April when a draft of the bill leaked (the one released by Feinstein today is virtually identical), the problems with CISA are almost as numerous as the ones with CISPA. The bill looks to do essentially the same thing—allow the federal government to trade classified "cyber threat" information with private companies in exchange for companies' "voluntarily" doing the same with its users' data. Feinstein has been one of the NSA's biggest supporters in Congress.
The way CISA is worded, local police agencies could use companies "voluntary" information sharing to create backdoor, warrantless wiretaps, according to civil liberties experts I spoke with.
The bill allows companies to share user data with local, state, and federal law enforcement that pertains to any sort of criminal activity, a move that would allow the police to forgo the court system to set up a wiretap.
"This very broad criminal purpose creates the possibility that cybersecurity information sharing becomes a backdoor wiretap, because law enforcement would be receiving information it otherwise would not get unless it showed probable cause," Greg Nojeim, an attorney at the Center for Democracy and Technology, told me back in April. "You don't want a world where very robust cybersecurity information sharing turns into a law enforcement tool that's used to prosecute people for completely unrelated crime."
CISA would, in general, require companies to strip users' identifying information. But if someone even tangentially related to a "cyber threat," that provision is waved, a loophole that Amie Stepanovich, an attorney with the civil liberties group ACCESS, told me is a "loophole large enough to drive a semi-truck through."
"A 'cyber threat' could mean you're just on a spam email list,"and are liable to having your data "voluntarily" shared with the government, they said.
And, just like CISPA, companies who share too much information with the government about their users will face legal immunity. In other words, if your information is illegally shared by Facebook with the federal government, you can't do anything about it.
As is par for the course these days, the bill was drafted in private with little to no input from civil liberties groups.
I do a lot of photo editing nowadays, mostly for my travel blog over at One Man, One Map. My workflow is centered around darktable, but instead of exporting to JPEG format I export 16-bit PNGs so I can pass the images through some additional scripts and move the lossy compression step to the very last moment. I've always had the impression that the PNG export might be slower than it has to be, but it had become a real issue since I've upgraded my desktop PC to a six-core Ryzen 7 1600X CPU and an NVIDIA GTX 950 GPU.
darktable uses OpenMP for multithreading, and OpenCL to offload most image processing routines to the GPU. I had checked that both strategies were actually working, but exporting one of my Nikon D750 RAW images at full 24 megapixel resolution with the usual processing modules applied took up to twelve seconds. That just wasn't acceptable. I wouldn't expect my old Intel Core i5-5300U ultrabook to do well in this benchmark, but it processed the same image in about 18 seconds. Exporting to JPEG was much faster, taking less than two seconds on the PC and about eight on the ultrabook.
Finding the problem
Since I had never worked with the darktable codebase before, I decided to use other existing means for profiling the application first. darkable has a built-in performance debugging mode which can be enabled by running darktable -d perf in a terminal. Here's a sample output from the ultrabook:
[export] creating pixelpipe took 0.112 secs (0.240 CPU) [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.023 secs (0.041 CPU) initing base buffer [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.018 secs (0.019 CPU) processed `raw black/white point' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.019 secs (0.027 CPU) processed `white balance' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.016 secs (0.023 CPU) processed `highlight reconstruction' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 1.025 secs (2.687 CPU) processed `demosaic' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.038 secs (0.089 CPU) processed `exposure' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 2.283 secs (6.161 CPU) processed `lens correction' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.876 secs (2.300 CPU) processed `perspective correction' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.073 secs (0.139 CPU) processed `base curve' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.065 secs (0.155 CPU) processed `input color profile' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.730 secs (1.915 CPU) processed `shadows and highlights' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.075 secs (0.186 CPU) processed `contrast brightness saturation' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.168 secs (0.413 CPU) processed `sharpen' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.160 secs (0.423 CPU) processed `output color profile' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_pixelpipe] took 0.048 secs (0.121 CPU) processed `gamma' on CPU, blended on CPU [export] [dev_process_export] pixel pipeline processing took 5.619 secs (14.702 CPU) [export_job] exported to `/home/mr2515/Bilder/2017/2017-08-11 Bunker Burgeis/bearbeitet/_DSC9303_20.png'
According to the second last line, image processing took 5.619 seconds, but in reality it took about ten seconds until the output file was complete. Sadly the export step is not being accounted for, so there might be something wrong here, but what? Converting a picture of this size to PNG format shouldn't take an additional five seconds, not even on this slow CPU.
The next step was to use perf to check what darktable was spending its time on. It is a performance-counter-based profiling tool which has been available on Linux for a couple of years now, but doesn't seem to be very well-known outside of some niches.
There are two different approaches to software profiling: Sampling and Instrumentation. Sampling is an external method, so the program code and binary don't have to be changed. Some component (in this case the kernel) looks at the value of the instruction pointer of the application in regular intervals, and some other component (in this case the perf command line tool) can take all the debugging information available on the system and try to find out which instruction or code block the instruction pointer was pointing to at a given moment. Since the sampling interval is much lower than the clock rate of the CPU, the output is only a statistic and inaccurate, but accurate enough to see if the application is spending a lot of time in the same block of code.
Instrumentation tools like gprof (which requires some help from the compiler) on the other hand change the program code and have it emit profiling information every time something happens. So these are highly accurate, and I did have the source code at hand, but I didn't see a reason to rebuild the whole binary when Sampling should already be able to give me the answer. ( perf can do much more than I'm showing here, and can also do some instrumentation, BTW. Head over to Brendan Greg's page to get a feeling for what's possible.)
I executed perf top -p 16461 (16461 was the process id of my darktable instance), started a PNG export, and waited for it to finish.
The percentage values are relative to the observation period, so make sure to start perf top shortly before the event it is supposed to observe and stop it shortly after. Also you only get to see the symbol names if your binaries still have symbols, otherwise you only see addresses. If you were not interested in function names, but just “full-blown components” like libraries, you could have used perf top -p 16461 --sort comm,dso :
The output did mostly look as expected: 10.71% was spent in dt_interpolation_compute_sample inside libdarktable.so , which is one of the core methods of the lens correction module. According to darktable's own profiling output, 2.687 out of 5.619 seconds were spent in this module, so no surprise here. 9.23% spent in clear_huge_page inside the kernel seemed to be a bit of a “memory management artifcat”, and the time spent in libcolorout.so and liblcms2.so.2.0.8 seemed to be attributable to image processing as well. But 9.20% spent in libz.so.1.2.11 didn't seem right. That was about as much time as darktable spent on its heaviest image processing step. Who even called libz?
The problem
Turns out libpng, which darktable uses to export to PNG format, uses libz for compression. And the compression level was hard-coded to maximum in src/imageio/format/png.c :
png_set_compression_level(png_ptr, Z_BEST_COMPRESSION);
This caused two different issues. The first one was that Z_BEST_COMPRESSION is equivalent to compression level 9. Compression levels above level 5 usually don't result in a much smaller output file with libz, but heavily increase the number of cycles spent on compression. When I work with huge pictures (e.g. stitched panoramas larger than 50 megapixels), I often even disable the PNG/TIFF compression because I don't really care about the storage space and an SSD can read/write the data fast enough, but I do care about the compression overhead. A compression level between 3 and 5 should be okay for most uses, IMO, but would be much faster than level 9.
The other issue was the single-threaded nature of libz. It simply doesn't use more than one CPU (core), the programmer has to set that up manually and it's not trivial. So not many do it, and this became a nice display of Amdahl's Law: As you parallelize everything that can be parallelized, the one thing that isn't starts to weigh in more and more. The faster your machine is, the more this becomes noticeable. Here are some simplified graphs:
You can speed the image processing step all you want, but you can't get the total time below the time spent on compressing the data at a senselessly high compression level on a single core.
The solution(s)
The perfect solution would have been to parallelize compression as well, so people who really want/need the highest compression level get something out of this as well. But that would have been hard, since darktable doesn't call into libz itself, but only through libpng, and libpng too is not multithreaded. So I decided to simply add a “Compression” slider to darktable's PNG output module, making the compression level configurable, and set the default to 5.
This lowers the average time for converting an image on my Ryzen+GPU system from twelve seconds to less than two, which is the difference between “I'll go make some coffee until this is over” and “I don't really notice the export step anymore”. Tobias Ellinghaus was nice enough to clean up my patch and merge it into darktable master within a day.
The shadow Scottish secretary's comments are at odds with Scottish Labour's position.
Better together? Dave Anderson is open to a coalition with Nicola Sturgeon's party. PA
Labour's shadow Scottish secretary Dave Anderson has said a coalition with the SNP may be a price worth paying to keep the Tories out of power.
The MP, who represents Blaydon in the north east of England, has called on their party to consider the move if it falls short of winning an overall majority of seats at the next general election.
They said it is something the party has to "at least think about".
On a visit to Aberdeen, Anderson said: "It is far too early to even contemplate that but what I am not prepared to do on behalf of the Labour Party nationally is to rule that out completely.
"If that is the price that we have to pay to prevent another rabid right-wing Tory government then, I tell you what it is, we have got to at least think about it and discuss it.
"Three and a half years before a possible general election it is a conversation we don't need to have.
"Obviously Scottish Labour would be the loudest voice in the room if and when we ever ... have to contemplate coalition."
In an interview with the Herald on Wednesday, Anderson said Labour "would have to consider" a coalition with the SNP.
The issue of a possible coalition or a looser arrangement between the SNP and Labour was a flash point during the 2015 general election.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon was open to such an arrangement to "lock the Tories out of government".
The offer was however rebuffed by the then Labour leader Ed Miliband.
Miliband said: "My message to Nicola Sturgeon is 'thanks, but no thanks'. If you want a Labour government, my message is very simple: vote Labour."
In response to Anderson's fresh comments on a deal, a spokesperson for Scottish Labour said: "Scottish Labour doesn't support any UK Government deal with the SNP. We will always campaign for a Labour Government, whether at Holyrood or Westminster."
Scottish Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser said: "Dave Anderson's comments show the Labour party at odds with itself and with the Scottish electorate.
"This is the latest proof that Jeremy Corbyn and Kezia Dugdale simply can't be trusted to defend the United Kingdom against the threat from the SNP separatists.
"The Scottish Conservatives remain the only strong opposition in Holyrood to hold the SNP to account and to stop a second attempt at an independence referendum."
Want the inside story from John MacKay? Sign up to the 'MacKay Mail' newsletter. Subscribe This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Please tick the box below to confirm your subscription Thanks for subscribing to our 'MacKay Mail' newsletter. Subscribed Want the inside story from John MacKay? Sign up to the 'MacKay Mail' newsletter. Thanks for subscribing to our 'MacKay Mail' newsletter. Subscribe
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Wildlife Institute of India had recommended to build flyovers and underpasses to allow movement of animals across NH-7 in the Pench-Kanha tiger forest landscape.
In a meeting held on February 13 in Pune, Surface Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar and Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis dismissed the Wildlife Institute of India's recommendations to build flyovers and underpasses to allow movement of animals across NH-7 in the Pench-Kanha tiger forest landscape, calling these “impractical and un-executable”.
Advertising
While Gadkari and their ministry vehemently opposed the mitigation plan chalked up by the WII for the four-laning of the highway, Javadekar also discarded the views of the premier institute falling under their own ministry. Soon after, the minutes of the meeting were edited.
The minutes released by Virendra Tiwari, Chief Conservator of Forests, HQ, on February 18 said Javadekar had asked state forest officials “to briefly respond [to] the suggestion of NHAI for reducing the size of the three structures which in their opinion were also unreasonable and unnecessary”.
[related-post]
The revised minutes, issued on February 24 by a desk officer, said the minister had asked state forest officials “to briefly respond [to] the suggestion of NHAI and consider a more practical solution that will be cost effective while serving the purpose of allowing wildlife to cross the highway safely after the four landing of NH-7.”
Tiwari said the revision was “nothing unusual”. “The minutes required some correction… We need to take all the three ministers' consent,” they said. They refused to confirm if the minutes were issued on February 18 without checking with Javadekar.
Meanwhile, the WII's mitigation plans have been watered down. The institute had already reduced the scale of its first mitigation plan for a 37-km stretch of NH-7 and slashed its expenditure from Rs 750 crore to Rs 335 crore.
Advertising
Of the nine structures proposed, the major components — two 1-km-long flyovers and one 300-metre underpass — have come down to four 50-metre underpasses. This will further reduce the cost, to Rs 122 crore.
Xperia XZ Premium has a redesigned G Lens versus the XZ
Sony Mobile has given some more detail on the camera technology behind the Xperia XZ Premium. We all know by now that Sony has included a new 19MP image sensor capable of 960 frames per second slow motion video. This has been covered widely by the tech media, including the fact that the sensor has 19% bigger pixels compared to the sensor found on the Xperia XZ.
However, this isn't the only camera change found in the Xperia XZ Premium's camera. Sony has also re-designed the G Lens (25mm wide angle, F2.0) to improve the resolution in the corner of images. Sony says that the resigned lens has 25% better resolution compared to the Xperia XZ.
Sony has also enhanced the laser autofocus so that it works not only in low light conditions, but also in bright light conditions. Sony has confirmed that the autofocus speed is up to 50% faster in the Xperia XZ Premium versus the Xperia XZ. It seems that Sony has tweaked its algorithms to ensure images have less ‘white out' when taking images at night. Overall, it's great to see how Sony is trying to improve the camera outside of just slapping a new sensor into the phone.
Via Marco Kao Blog.
Mayor Ed Murray's soda-tax legislation led to criticism it was unfair because white and affluent people tend to drink more diet drinks. The mayor's revised proposal lowers the tax rate slightly and adds diet soda.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray is slightly reducing the per-ounce amount charged by their proposed soda tax while adding diet pop to the list of beverages covered by the tax.
Those are the main changes in the legislation the mayor is sending to the City Council on Thursday.
Under Murray's initial plan, announced during their State of the City address in February, distributors of sugary drinks would have paid 2 cents per ounce.
The revised tax would cover sodas such as Coke and Pepsi, energy and sports drinks such as Red Bull and Gatorade, fruit drinks such as Sunny D, sweetened teas such as those sold by Arizona, and bottled coffees such as those sold by Starbucks.
But unlike the initial plan, the new proposal would cover not only sugary drinks but all sweetened beverages, including diet drinks — beverages with noncaloric sweeteners.
And the tax on distributors would be 1.75 cents rather than 2 cents per ounce.
The changes were recommendations that emerged when staff from the mayor's office and the office of Councilmember Tim Burgess studied disparate impacts the tax could have on people with low incomes and on people of color, according to Murray.
That work involved conversations with community advocates, public-health professionals and business owners, according to the mayor. After Murray's initial announcement, some suggested the exclusion of beverages with artificial sweeteners would be unfair because affluent white people tend to consume more diet drinks.
The revised tax would be applied to all distributors, regardless of size, but would exclude 100 percent fruit juice, medicine, infant formula and milk-based products.
With respect to flavored, made-to-order coffee drinks such as lattes, Murray's proposal is less clear. Their initial plan exempted all “in-store prepared coffee beverages.” The revised tax would cover the syrups used in coffee beverages, with limited exceptions to be determined at a later date, a spokesperson said.
In February, Murray said the tax would raise $16 million per year. They now say it would raise $23 million per year, most of which would be spent on programs that help low-income and vulnerable children. Those would include before- and after-school programs, summer learning programs, Seattle Colleges scholarships and early learning programs.
Several million dollars in tax revenue would also be spent on efforts meant to increase access to healthful food. Murray says they expect President Donald Trump's administration to cut the federal grants that support a city program providing people who receive food assistance with vouchers for fresh fruits and vegetables.
Some restaurant and convenience-store owners, with support from soda-industry trade groups and some labor unions, have organized to oppose the mayor's tax, calling it an unjust burden on them and their working-class customers.
They say restaurant owners who purchase syrup for fountain drinks in bulk will see their costs jump significantly, more than doubling.
And they say convenience-store owners will watch customers make purchases at nearby stores outside the city limits.
In a news release Thursday from Keep Seattle Livable for All opposing the tax, Lewis Rodd of Ezell's Famous Chicken slammed the proposal.
“I just don't get it. Why would our City Council want to proceed with a massive tax on our diverse small-business community and our city's low-income families,” they said. “There has to be a better way to raise revenue.”
But Murray has pointed out that heavy consumption of sugary beverages is linked to health problems, including diabetes, hypertension and heart and dental disease.
Dr. Ben Danielson of Odessa Brown Children's Clinic and Estela Ortega of El Centro de la Razaare are leading the Seattle Healthy Kids coalition in support of the tax.
“It's time for Seattle to confront obesity, diabetes and other health conditions among our city's most vulnerable populations,” they said in a statement.
The mayor says that reports of sales losses and layoffs in Philadelphia, where a soda tax was enacted this year, have been overblown.
To bolster their proposal for Seattle, Murray points to a new study on the effects of a soda tax in Berkeley, California. Sales of sugary beverages declined nearly 10 percent in the year after the city imposed the nation's first such tax, while sales of water and other untaxed beverages increased, according to the study, which was primarily paid for by soda-tax booster Michael Bloomberg, the former New York City mayor.
Proud Democrats impressed with Bernie Sanders but when voting time comes, supporters overseas say they are sticking with Hillary Clinton
US expats in Europe 'feel the Bern' and threaten never to return if Trump wins
Half a day after the Democratic debate took the stage in Las Vegas last month, TJ Mulloy was searching for the footage on YouTube. When it aired, at 1am, they were already asleep.
Mulloy is an American – a proud Democrat – living in Dublin.
Americans at home might already be experiencing election-fatigue, but unlike them, the 7.5 m of Americans who are living abroad have to make an extra effort to keep up with the race for the White House. Manydo not have access to the talking heads, be they on CNN, MSNBC or Fox News. Instead, they rely on YouTube, Twitter and segments of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert or The Nightly Show for their daily politics fix.
For those who miss the political camaraderie and in-person activism, there are other ways to stay connected: there is now an official campaign for Hillary Clinton in London led by Giulia Marchiori Ceresa, who previously worked for Clinton Global Initiative, and an un-official group has formed in support of Bernie Sanders.
But in Dublin, there are no campaign offices for Democrats. At least, not yet. There is just Mulloy, their laptop and a pull down screen in the Sinatra's Lounge of Arlington hotel.
There, in comfortable booths, sat more than a dozen members of Dublin's Democrats Abroad chapter. The drink of choice: Guinness. As Dubliners rushed by outside on their way home from work, the group watched the debate that aired the night before.
While the party was a small intimate gathering, the actual group is much bigger. It consists of returning immigrants, people who went to US to work on a green card or a visa and have since returned to Ireland. Some are students. Other have moved to Ireland to work.
“It's a very unique set of people,” said Mulloy, 43, who works as a financial advisor and owns their own brokerage. “It's a great mix. Irish born, American born, students ... You always have that one crazy uncle character”.
Kelly Mahoney, 33, works as an HR manager in Dublin. They concur: “It's nice to be able to come out and talk about American politics”. Do they watch all the debates? “All the Democratic ones. I can't stomach most of the Republican ones, to be honest. But the Democrat ones, always.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest To some expats, Hillary Clinton is an inevitable pick for the Democratic presidential nominee. Photograph: Robert F. Bukaty/AP
Before moving to Ireland, Mahoney used to work at a startup but got laid off during the recession. They used their severance package to enroll in a Master's program in Dublin. After arriving on Labor Day 2010, they looked up places to watch football – the American kind – and found an expats group. Two weeks later, they attended their first Democrats Abroad meeting.
Today, Mahoney is the vice chair. Originally from Massachusetts, they were always interested in politics and is “as blue gets”.
It didn't take long for Mahoney to make up their mind about the Democratic field this year.
“It's going to be Hillary. I didn't vote for them in 2008. They haven't done much to change my mind on that, but there isn't a better candidate. I like O'Malley. I love Bernie Sanders, I think they are great, but I don't think either of them are going to beat the Republicans,” they said. According to her, Clinton is inevitable.
Mahoney isn't alone in liking Sanders but betting on Clinton. On Friday, the Associated Press revealed that the majority of the superdelegates it surveyed endorsed the former secretary of state.
In London, “Hillary is inevitable to most foreigners,” said Alyssa Chassman, 23, an American who has lived in London for year and a half and is currently finishing their Master's in human rights studies.
“I am a Hillary Clinton supporter. I think I align more with Bernie Sanders, but I don't think they will win and I don't think it's their time. I think maybe in 15 years – someone who is a socialist, great, let's get them in. But I am a Hillary Clinton supporter all the way,” said Chassman over a cup of tea. “And honestly, I don't know any of the rest of the Democratic candidates, because they are not relevant in my opinion.”
Before Chassman could even make an effort to learn about Lincoln Chafee or Jim Webb, two of the five Democratic candidates that appeared in the first debate, they had dropped out of the race. It wasn't long after that that Lawrence Lessig, an internet policy activist and presidential hopeful, also dropped out. And then there were three: Martin O'Malley, the former governor of Maryland, Clinton and Sanders.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest They might feel the Bern, but US expats overseas are more likely to vote for Clinton as - according to them - they are more likely to defeat a Republican nominee. Photograph: Charlie Neibergall/AP
Other expats, however, are “feeling the Bern”.
Eric Lee, a member of Democrats Abroad in London since 2008, has started a group supporting Bernie Sanders, complete with a Facebook page, Meet-up group and a mailing list. The group is set to meet with Sanders' brother Larry sanders, who lives in London, on 17 November.
As with a number of Sander's events in the US, the interest in the event was larger than expected and the group had to find a larger venue for the upcoming gathering.
“I'm a democratic socialist and grew up in the same political tradition that Bernie represents today. He's made the entire focus of their campaign to stand up to the billionaire class, as they call it, and to fight for greater equality and social justice. No other candidate comes close on those issues,” said Lee.
Lee's efforts have already born fruit. Diana Lozano, 33, lives in London and has joined the group after finding it online.
“I looked for a London based Bernie group on Meet-up,” they said. “It's a bit harder to be involved in politics here. You need to more diligent in keeping up with the latest, but the internet make that pretty painless.”
There's always interested in American elections in London, according to Lee, but Sanders has not been covered much by the global media, making Clinton appear as the inevitable candidate.
“People still do not always know who they are, though Hillary Clintonis a household name. That, however, is changing,” said Lee. “If British people could vote in American elections, Bernie would get a lot of support, as some of their ‘crazy, left-wing ideas' are quite mainstream here in a country that's had the National Health Service for some 70 years now.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Alyssa Chassman: ‘I am not interested in living in a country where they have jurisdiction over my body, my life, my livelihood'. Photograph: Scott Morgan/Reuters
As for Europeans taking an interest in US politics, Chassman says that “most people know a good amount about American political systems”. They say, however, that some political stereotypes persist, especially those about gun ownership. “The gun thing is overwhelming. I get that question all the time: ‘Do you have a gun? Do you know people that own a gun? Do your parents own a gun? They must.' They don't own a gun. I don't own a gun. I have never owned a gun.”
Chassman says Londoners also like to talk about Donald Trump, who is running as Republican. According to her, their campaign furthers negative stereotypes about US politics.
“How could this man get even close to touching the White House? Within all of my American friends here, we are all kind of like ... if they win, we are not going back. It's a good way to get Americans out of your country. By electing Donald Trump. I am not interested in living in a country where they have jurisdiction over my body, my life, my livelihood, my friends' livelihood. Not interested.”
This Saturday will be the first time since the Las Vegas debate that the three remaining Democrats will get a chance to face each other.
Nothing gets the blood pumping like a good debate, and more than 25 chapters of Democrats Abroad have already made plans to watch the second debate.
Speaking at the BJP National Meet in Kozhikode, PM Modi held nothing back as they ripped into the Pakistani state and its export of terrorism, even as they extended an olive branch to the Pakistani public. Directly addressing the people of Pakistan, they asked them to beat bigger demons like illiteracy, employment, maternal and children's deaths and poverty. Speaking for the first time since the Uri attack, the PM started off by praising BJP workers in Kerala and the people in Kerala in general, they switched speaking about how the 21st Century will be Asia's Century. And then they pointedly spoke about the one nation that didn't want to be part of this success story.
Top Moment 1: Every country in Asia wants to be successful except one
They said: “All countries in Asia is working forward to make sure that 21st century becomes Asia's 21st century except one country. There is one nation in Asia whose aim is this century does not become Asia's and is associated with terrorism. Question is not only about India, everywhere this is one country which is exporting terrorism everywhere.”
Top Moment 2: Nailing the Pakistan's connection to global terrorism
Mocking Pakistan's global link to terrorism: “Wherever terrorism is happening across Asia, the affected nations are blaming only 1 nation. Whenever news about terrorism comes, news also comes either the terrorist came from there or like Osama Bin Laden went there after the act.”
Top Moment 3: Hindustan won't bow to terrorism
They added: “Terrorism is the enemy of humanity. We need to join our hands to defeat terrorism. Hindustan na kabhi aatankwaad ke saamne jhuka hai, aur na kabhi jhukega. Ek desh Asia mein aisa hai jo, pura Asia rakt ranajit ho, pura Asia antakwadi ki chapet mein aa jaye. Khoon kharaba ho, nirdosh log maut ke ghat utaar diye jaye, uske sharyantra mei laga hua hai.” (India has never bowed before terrorists, and it never will. Because of once country, the entire continent of Asia is beleaguered with terrorism. The country wants blood, wants to kill innocents and is stuck to doing that.”
Top Moment 4: Remembering the jawans
They said: “Our 18 soldiers had to sacrifice their lives because of terrorists exported by our neighbouring country. There's anger in entire country post Uri attack. 18 of our soldiers sacrificed their lives after our neighbour exported terrorists there. Aatankwaadi kaan kholke sunle, ye desh iss baat ko kabhi bhoolne wala nahin hai. (Terrorists listen to me, this nation will never forget this sacrifice). We are very proud of our Armed forces.”
Top moment 5: 'You read speeches written by terrorists'
Directly targeting their counterpart, the PM ripped into leaders who read speeches prepared by terrorists and added that no one expected anything from him. They said: “I want talk to the leaders across the border in Pakistan who read speeches prepared by terrorists. The world has no expectations from them.”
Top Moment 6: Addressing the people of Pakistan
Directly addressing the people of Pakistan, PM Modi said: “Leaders of neighbouring country used to say that they will fight for 1000 years, but where are they lost now. I want to talk to the people of Pakistan from here today. In the last few months, our neighbour tried to destroy our country by exporting terrorists more than 17 times but our army defeated them.” More than 110 terrorists killed in the past few months by Indian army as they were trying to infiltrate. I want to inform Pakistan that before 1947 even your leaders used to salute this land.”
Top Moment 7: Can't handle Gilgit, but you want to interfere in Kashmir
Pointing that Pakistan as a nation had trouble handling regions in its control, the talk about Kashmir was to foment mischief. They said: “PoK aapke paas hai usko aap sambhaal nahi paate aur aapko (to Pak people) Kashmir ki baatein karke gumrah kar rahe hain. (You have PoK but you can't handle that, and they are distracting
You can imagine, our neighbour was successful in one incident and our 18 soldiers had to sacrifice their lives. if they had succeeded in the other 17 times, what would have happened? Pakistan is aiming for Kashmir, they should first look at the land they have already captured ie PoK, Gilgit and Balochistan. Ask them (to Pak people) you can't handle Gilgit, PoK, Balochistan which is with you, then why mislead people by talking of Kashmir?”
Top Moment 8: Software v/s terror
Drawing another analogy, PM Modi asked why the two nations had such different export products. They said: “We are exporting software all over the world, whereas Pakistan is exporting terrorists in entire world.”
Top Moment 9: Let's fight for things that matter
Perhaps the most important bit of the speech, PM Modi looked to urge Pakistanis to battle things that matter. Issues like unemployment, illiteracy which have plagued both nations since their employment. They said: “I want to tell Pak people; India is ready to fight you. If you have strength, come forward to fight against poverty. Let's see who wins? who is able to defeat poverty and illiteracy first, Pakistan or India?”
Top Moment 10: A day will come…
And perhaps the most intriguing part of their speech came at the very end when the PM Modi said that soon Pakistanis will be fighting the Pakistani state. They said: “A day will come when people of Pakistan will go against its own government to fight terrorism. India has been successful in isolating Pakistan, and will intensify that so that you are completely isolated. People of Pak should ask their leaders. India & Pak got freedom in same year but India exports software & your leaders export terrorists.”
The results are certainly interesting and by large margins the top three choices by users are clearly discernable...
Although the full consumer feature list has yet to be revealed by Microsoft, due to the leaked SDK a few weeks ago a lot of the new options have been detailed already. In turn, we asked users what they thought was missing (or we saw no evidence for) in Microsoft's next-gen mobile operating system.
In a poll conducted this past weekend here at Windows Phone Central, 7,640 participants voted on the top-three features (out of an optional nine choices) they wanted most in Windows Phone 8 .
The top-three results from community feedback
A total of 22,922 votes were collected over the three-day period on the nine features users desired the most. Since each participant could vote up to three times that reduces to a possible 7,640 individuals. That ranks as our highest poll in terms of community participation and makes the results quite significant (voting was cookie and IP logged, reducing the chances of “spam” voting).
The top three results are certainly interesting:
Notification Center – 22% Close App – 17% Full system back up – 14%
Although Windows Phone 8 is confirmed in having notifications extended to the Lock screen via third party applications the ability to have a centralized area where notifications can be checked is highly desired by users. We saw this both in comments leading up to the poll and in the early voting where it quickly took the lead and never let go.
Consumers evidently want the choice of a Notification Center for a few reasons. While Windows Phone 8 allows multiple Live Tiles with counters, Toast notifications (“pop ups”) and now the ability to have visible updates on the Lock screen for 3 rd party apps, users want the more traditional model of managing notifications that is found on Android and OSX ‘Mountain Lion'.
The complaint by people has some merit—after all, not everyone wants to pin every app to the Start screen and having an area where one can pull everything up in one shot does have its advantages. Still, with Toasts, Live Tiles and now the Lock screen options in Windows Phone 8, it seems as if Microsoft has tried to expand them where possible. Having said that users still clearly want another option and it will be curious to see if Microsoft obliges in the future by including some type of notification center.
Coming in second was Close App by which users can close apps running in the Multi-tasking area on Windows Phone. The model is based off what is already found in the multiple tabs of Internet Explorer where one has may “windows” of opened tabs and the user can simply close tab by simple tapping a traditional “X” in the upper right corner.
Multi-tasking in Windows Phone currently lacks an "X" for apps
Once again, although Windows Phone does an admirable job of “freezing” apps in the background and managing memory for them, users still want the ability to close out apps. Part of that is because the multi-tasking (“tombstoned”) apps are limited currently to just 5 slots and it will reportedly be upped to 7 in Windows Phone 8. Some feel that is not enough and one way to manage that is by closing out a game or some other recently opened app to free that slot.
We agree with Microsoft that users shouldn't have to manage such things and adding an “X” could lead consumers to focus on memory instead of just using their phone. On the other hand we don't really see the harm in adding it as it would seem very intuitive (Android and iOS have similar options available to users today) Other people have suggested the webOS model by which users flick the app card up to remove the app from “the deck”. Though certainly original and fun, the IP issues surrounding such a method may be prohibitive.
The current unofficial backup method for Windows Phone users
The third top requested feature is a Full-system backup for device transfers garnering 14% of the vote. Windows Phone 8 does allow app (and presumably game) backups by saving the settings and hopefully game progress but users clearly want a simple 1-click solution to saving everything either on their computer's hard-drive or “in the cloud”.
Currently it is not known if Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 will allow the user to backup their entire phone and although the need seems rare to restore we're sure once a user loses a phone or upgrades to a new one the need becomes very high.
Issues that may stand in the way include OEM hardware differentiation which could effect restores to new devices in addition the amount of space required for the backup (not to mention the time). Still, iOS can do this via iTunes and it seems like something that evidently people truly want.
Odds and ends
Our poll asked users their top three choices so that we understand the level of importance. Having said that clearly users may prefer to have all of the choices available to them in a future update.
We found it interesting that things like Universal Search (the ability to Bing search within the device, including email and Office) ranked 5 th with 10.5% of the vote and that it ranked below Folders (11.78%).
Universal Search seems like one of those features that users could take advantage of nearly everyday. Indeed we've seen an early shot of what looked to be a universal search option back in 2011. Will that make it into Windows Phone 8 in the end? We're not sure but we would certainly like to see it at some point.
How homebrew 'Folders' look on Windows Phone
Folders are something that users also rank highly amongst new features they want to see in Windows Phone 8 especially since there is no evidence that it is coming with the initial release. Folders, which are currently available as homebrew option on Windows Phone 7, are a neat and intuitive way to organize apps of the same variety. For instance, we have a lot of camera and photography apps on our Titan II so having a folder name “Photo” with all our apps lumped together makes sense. Otherwise those apps are simply organized alphabetically with no sense of semantic connections. In turn we end up forgetting about those apps unless we scroll through our massive app list.
The folders model, familiar to those who use PCs has recently been extended to both iOS and Android once again making them conducive for people switching over. In that regard, we think adding them, as an option would benefit Microsoft.
Rounding out the bottom was more background colors (7.9%) landscape Start screen (7.6%), more security options for the lock screen (4.71%) and the most interesting, more keyboard options (4.5%).
Windows Phone users love their keyboard
The fact that Windows Phone users ranked more keyboards so low is a testament to just how happy they are with the native keyboard's performance. Currently, Windows Phone users cannot add any 3 rd party keyboards to the OS and given the choice it seems most users simply don't want nor desire Swype or Swifkey, which are extremely popular on Android. Though there is zero evidence that Microsoft will allow third party keyboards anytime soon, even if they granted permission it would seem that Swype and SwifKey would have a hard sell to end users.
Wrapping it up
In the end, the data collected gives a good snapshot of what consumers want out of Windows Phone 8 in the future and Microsoft would best be served by trying to match these preferences. Microsoft clearly have an interest in user feedback and we have shared the results with them and their engineers for future consideration in later OS updates.
From the data gathered though we can see where Microsoft has excelled (their keyboard, user interface, design) and where users think they are lacking (device backups, managing notifications, closing out apps).
Hopefully users will get what they want with future versions of Windows Phone 8. Thanks to the Windows Phone community for your participation!
WHAT COACHES SAY: "He's a handful. Finds goals. Doesn't look the part but they run off the ball, holds ball up, shoots from acute angles ... They create their own chances ... Gets one step and he'll finish ... Coaches love them because of ability to score goals ... He's got a little more pace than a Wondo. More dynamic with quickness ... Not fast but can move a little bit ... He's a born goal-scorer. One of those rare players. Been scoring consistently their whole life ... Great in and around the box ... Powerful player. Makes excellent runs and has a terrific shooting ability with either foot and their head ... Terrific balance and explosiveness in the box to create shots ... He's got good speed, not blazing speed. Box guy ... Explosive in first 5-10 yards. Not a blazer that's going to race in behind ... Not a sprinter toward goal .. Can play back to goal. Can hold up ball and bring guys into game ... Has blossomed last two years. First two years not a lot there ... I really like the kid. He's got a good body on him. Good size. Good feet. They score goals, their movements are good. Can they do it at next level? That's always the question."
COLLEGE: Forward who ended their Cal Poly career with a school-high 27 goals ... 2013: Scored 14 goals on their way to earning Big West Offensive Player of the Year honors ... 2012: Scored 11 goals to capture the BIg West Offensive Player of the Year award, the first in school history ... Started all 19 matches ... 2011: Appeared in all 18 games (four starts, two goals) ... 2010: Medical redshirt ... 2009: Appeared in 13 matches.
HIGH SCHOOL: Attended Bellarmine College Prep in San Jose, Calif.
CLUB SOCCER: Competed for De Anza Force and won the Disney Showcase and Super Y League national championships in 2005-06 ... Spent six weeks training with Toronto FC in the summer of 2013.
CANADIAN NATIONAL TEAM: Member of U-20 training camp in December 2008 ... Competed for U-17 side in 2007 Chivas Cup in Guadalajara, Mexico.
PERSONAL: Enjoys surfing during downtime.
The Calgary Board of Education (CBE) has announced plans to name a new school after the late Manmeet Bhullar.
The former PC MLA was killed in late November 2015 after stopping to help a fellow driver on the QEII Highway.
Related Calgary Board of Education may name new school after Manmeet Bhullar
In May, a school naming committee launched an online survey to seek input on two possible names for a new elementary school in northeast Calgary.
READ MORE: Alberta PC MLA Manmeet Bhullar killed in highway crash
On Thursday, the CBE revealed Manmeet Singh Bhullar School had been selected as the name of the school, set to be built in the 1000 block of Martindale Boulevard N.E.
“After gathering and evaluating stakeholder input, the school naming committee recommended this name to the Board of Trustees for its approval,” the CBE said in a news release.
Bhullar was born in Calgary and graduated from Lester B. Pearson High School. They earned a bachelor of arts degree from Athabasca University and law degree from the University of Windsor. Elected MLA for the northeast constituency of Calgary-Montrose in 2008 (now called Calgary-Greenway), they were the youngest member to be elected to Alberta's 27th legislature.
READ MORE: Alberta politicians laugh through tears remembering stories of Manmeet Bhullar
Public school board trustee for Wards 5 and 10 Pamela King described Bhullar as a “passionate advocate for children and their families, particularly those living in northeast Calgary.”
“He believed in the value of public education and the importance of instilling optimism and courage in young people.”
The school, which will hold 600 students, is set to open in September 2017.
READ MORE: New website helps Albertans track progress of new schools
Define the destination, not the journey
To start a side project you need a goal. This sounds trivial, but isn't. I know many people that do side projects. When I ask about the goal, most answer: I want to master this tool or that technology. When mastery itself is the goal, the project is likely to end up at a shelf to gather dust. What is mastery? Mastery is not really a goal. You need a goal.
Without a goal, you can't say whether you are making progress, whether you are closing in on your goal. You need to experience making progress to stay motivated after the thrill of starting something new wears off. Because it will wear off. Fast.
Define your goal: what will you create, when will you consider it successful? Change your goal along the way if you like. Allow yourself to meander a little on your journey, but always have a goal. Keep your eyes on the prize. Hold on.
Lest you think The Man won't come after you for sending commercial drones whizzing through congested airspace over some of our nation's biggest cities, think again: the Federal Aviation Administration has reached a $200,000 settlement witha company accused of conducting 65 illegal flights in the skies above Chicago and New York City.
SkyPan International agreed to a settlement resolving allegations that the company operated a slew of unmanned aircraft above those busy cities between 2012 and 2014, violating airspace regulations and aircraft operating rules in the process, the FAA announced today.
That agreement includes a $200,000 civil penalty, as well as an additional $150,000 if SkyPan violates FAA regulations within a year, and another $150,000 if it fails to comply with the terms of the settlement.
SkyPan will also work with the FAA to release a series of public service announcements over the next year to support the FAA's campaigns aimed at urging drone operators to learn and comply with the agency's recently-issued drone regulations. Those regulations weren't in place at the time the flights in question took place, so drone operators were required to get clearance from the FAA before taking flight.
The FAA alleged, among other things, that on all 65 flights, SkyPan aircraft “lacked an airworthiness certificate and effective registration, and SkyPan did not have a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization for the operations. Furthermore, the FAA claimed that the company “operated the aircraft in a careless or reckless manner so as to endanger lives or property.”
While neither admitting nor contesting the allegations SkyPan said in a statement [PDF] that it “wishes to resolve this matter without any further expense or delay of business.”
“SkyPan continues to strive to maintain the utmost levels of safety, security, and privacy protection in its operations,” the company said. “To that end, is pleased to join with the FAA to promote compliance with safety regulations governing UAS operations.”
According to its website, the Chicago-based company uses “proprietary Remote Piloted Vehicles” to provide its clients in the construction business with”aerial view photography” that “shows exactly what you will see from any floor of your building — before it's built.”
It's worth noting that although $200,000 isn't exactly pocket change, the company is getting off the hook relatively easy, as the FAA originally proposed in Oct. 2015 that it fork over a $1.9 million civil penalty, which is the largest civil penalty the agency has proposed against a UAS operator, the agency says.
As for whether or not this $200,000 civil penalty constitutes the largest drone-related settlement, a spokesperson confirmed that yes, it still is.
We also asked the FAA if it had any comment on how the $1.9 million figure was knocked down to $200,000, and were directed to file Freedom of Information Act Request for the settlement document.
[via Re/code]
Federal Court Rejects Attempt to Prevent Farmworkers, Maryland Legal Aid from Communicating Ruling Reinforces First Amendment Rights
For Immediate Release
May 4, 2017
TAKOMA PARK, MD - Just as the growing season gets under way and migrant farmworkers settle into jobs at farms, orchards, and nurseries across the region, Maryland's federal district court has issued a powerful ruling reinforcing that workers and advocates have First Amendment rights to communicate freely about legal and social services. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Maryland joins Maryland Legal Aid today in hailing the decision, which sets a vital precedent protecting the First Amendment freedoms of some of the most marginalized and vulnerable workers in our state, and those who advocate on their behalf. These protections are essential to helping ensure that workers are not subjected to illegal and dangerous workplace conditions.
The lawsuit, which was filed in federal district court in Greenbelt in spring 2016, challenges as unconstitutional a year-long "no-trespass" order issued by Montgomery County police to Maryland Legal Aid advocates who sought to visit and provide legal information to migrant farmworkers living on-site at Lewis Orchards, a farm in Montgomery County. Although the no trespass order was rescinded by police in immediate response to the lawsuit, the parties remain at odds about the scope of First Amendment rights available to the workers and advocates, and the plaintiffs' entitlement to relief for the harms they suffered. The Court ruling establishes legal principles governing the case, and allows the matter to proceed to discovery and trial on disputed factual issues.
"This ruling is a great win for the farmworker community," said Nohora Rivero, of Maryland Legal Aid, lead plaintiff in the lawsuit. "During my almost 24 years visiting farmworkers, I have had numerous unpleasant experiences with aggressive growers who sought to prevent us from talking to workers. Sometimes there is fear as to what may happen when a grower shows up during our meeting. I am excited about the impact the decision will have on the farmworker and service provider community nationwide," said Rivero.
Shawn Boehringer, Chief Counsel of Maryland Legal Aid, agreed: "Maryland Legal Aid represents farmworkers with H2A visas, lawful permanent residents, and U.S. citizens, who do difficult work. We all reap the benefit of their labor in the food we eat every day. The workers are often isolated and vulnerable to illegal practices-they may not be paid promised wages or live in substandard housing, or face hazards such as pesticide exposure. The Court's ruling recognizes that service providers-health care, social, or legal aid workers-have a First Amendment right to enter onto farms to provide information to workers about their legal rights and responsibilities and other crucial social services. This constitutional right assists workers to enjoy other basic human rights to a living wage, a safe workplace, healthcare, and adequate housing."
In their ruling, United States District Judge Paul W. Grimm notes that advocates and migrant farmworkers are routinely subjected to unlawful interference with their right to communicate, underscoring the need for clear rules. They reiterate that in order for free speech in this context to have meaning, the rights of both the workers and legal aid advocates must be upheld: "I would simply observe that when it comes to speech, it takes two to communicate. Migrant farmworkers' right to receive information, which the County Defendants acknowledge, would have little force if it did not also ... protect providers' right to contact the workers."
On August 18, 2015, Maryland Legal Aid employees Nohora Rivero and a law clerk visited Lewis Orchards in Dickerson, Maryland, to speak with migrant workers about their rights and available social services and to listen to their concerns. After work hours, Rivero spoke with workers, who had H-2A visas, at their residences on the farm. During the visit, farm owners Robert and Linda Lewis confronted Rivero and the law clerk, threatening them with arrest if they did not leave immediately. When Rivero said the workers had a right to visit with legal counsel in their homes, the Lewis' called Montgomery County police. Police then arrived and directed the Maryland Legal Aid employees to leave the farm and also issued an order barring them from returning to the farm to visit workers for a year, on threat of arrest, despite Rivero showing them an Attorney General's opinion which supported their right to be there. As a result, Maryland Legal Aid was unable to assist workers with their employment concerns last year, and was unable to return to Lewis Orchards from that time until rescission of the order after the lawsuit was filed in 2016.
"During this era of fear for many immigrants in our communities, Judge Grimm's powerful ruling provides a timely and important reinforcement of the rights of advocates to offer help, share information, raise concern about possible civil rights abuses and access justice for our most marginalized and vulnerable workers," said Deborah Jeon, Legal Director for the ACLU of Maryland.
"We're very pleased by Judge Grimm's thoughtful, careful articulation of Maryland Legal Aid's First Amendment rights and we're very proud of our work with ACLU on this case," said attorney Robert W. Cobbs, Cohen Milstein Sellers & Toll PLLC, a lead counsel in the case.
The plaintiffs are represented by pro bono attorneys Kit A. Pierson and Robert W. Cobbs of Cohen Milstein Sellers & Toll PLLC in Washington, DC, and ACLU of Maryland Legal Director Deborah Jeon, Senior Staff Attorney David Rocah, and Staff Attorney Sonia Kumar.
Go to the ACLU of Maryland website to download the lawsuit and court decision and to learn more: http://aclu-md.org/
# # #
A clean-up mission using a remotely operated robot at Japan's crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has had to be aborted, as officials feared they could completely lose control of the probe affected by unexpectedly high levels of radiation.
The robot equipped with a high-pressure water pump and a camera designed to withstand up to 1,000 Sieverts of cumulative exposure had been pulled off the inactive Reactor 2 at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex earlier this week, The Japan Times reported Friday, citing the plant operator, Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO). The device reportedly broke down just two hours into the probe.
The failure led experts to rethink estimated levels of radiation inside the damaged reactor.
Read more
While last week TEPCO said it might stand at 530 Sieverts per hour – a dose that can almost instantly kill a human being, following the latest aborted mission a company official has said a reading of up to 600 Sieverts should be “basically correct.”
Even despite the considerable 30-percent margin of error for the revised estimate, the latest probe left no doubt that radiation levels are at record highs within the reactor. Even though it cannot be measured directly with a Geiger counter or dosimeter, the dose is calculated by its effect on the equipment.
Last month, a hole of no less than one square meter in size was discovered beneath the same reactor's pressure vessel. The apparent opening in the metal grating is believed to have been caused by melted nuclear fuel, TEPCO then said.
The recent mission has demonstrated that the melted fuel is close to the studied area.
While extreme radiation levels have been registered within the reactor, officials insist that no leaks or increases outside have been detected.
The failure might force Japan to rethink the robot-based strategy it has adopted for locating melted fuel at Fukushima, according to The Japan Times.
The robot affected by radiation was supposed to wash off thick layers of dirt and other wreckage, clearing ways for another remotely controlled probe to enter the area, tasked with carrying out a more proper investigation to assess the state of the damaged nuclear reactor. Previously, even specially-made robots designed to probe the underwater depths beneath the power plant have crumbled and shut down affected by the radioactive substance inside the reactor.
Fukushima reactor's radiation levels killed a cleaning robot https://t.co/X5IJtE8Iclpic.twitter.com/V4Apr1UCT1 — Engadget (@engadget) February 10, 2017
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant suffered a blackout and subsequent failure of its cooling systems in March 2011, when it was hit by an earthquake and tsunami. Three of the plant's six reactors were hit by meltdowns, making the Fukushima nuclear disaster the worst since the Chernobyl catastrophe in Ukraine in 1986. TEPCO is so far in the early stages of assessing the damage, with the decommissioning of the nuclear facility expected to take decades.
BY SHERYL JEAN Abdirizak Islamic law prohibits Muslims from paying interest on debt. Local groups are helping entrepreneurs find alternatives.
Remember when Doctor Who returned back in 2005, and we had Boom Town? Where, after weeks of running around and explosions, the bulk of the episode was characters having a conversation, with a bit of plot going on around them? It's an episode we've always been fond of, as rarely does Who have space to invest a good chunk of an episode in fleshing characters and themes out in such a way.
But The Caretaker, after a fairly breathless opening five episodes, finds that time. As such, it does a lot of very good character work that deals with things which have been building up for weeks. On top of that, it draws the best performance of the series to date from both Jenna Coleman (who shows terrific range) and Samuel Anderson. And it's got dialogue that regularly sparkles, with generous doses of very funny lines amidst the story work being done. Doctor Who is a series 8 remains on very good form.
The setup sees us back at Coal Hill School - which gets woven even more into the fabric of Doctor Who - with the focus firmly on the juggling of Clara's work, personal and travelling life. It's an extended pre-credits sequence we get, and we learn that Clara is, for the want of a better term, knackered. We explore the triple role she's living more than we've seen thus far, and The Caretaker takes time to examine the impact of it. Sizeable, as it happens, although we're not going to say much more than that.
It's got a lovely script, this one. Gareth Roberts and Steven Moffat balance out the character work, whilst still injecting a very good foe. And the episode flies by. Paul Murphy, on directing duties, makes the most of the contained school setting, and Peter Capaldi is just wonderful again. This time, he's going undercover, only not particularly well. Much of the episode's comedy comes from that.
In the midst of all of this, there's still a monster threat going on, even though it's not the main focus. And for the third week running, the monster is a really good one. The Skovoz Blitzer isn't quite up there with last week's The Teller, but it's still a really good creation. Think the cleaners of Paradise Towers with a Terminator twist, but good. There's a fast, efficient brutality to the Blitzer, and it's a really, really well realised creation. Smashing effects work too. It's another monster we'd be happy to meet again.
A successful episode, this one. There's no clear reason, mind you, why this tonally needs to be shown so late - The Caretaker goes out at 8.30pm on Saturday night. Judging by the tease at the end for Kill The Moon, though, the same might not be said for episode 7. The Caretaker, though, is well worth waiting for.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Palestinians stand near a workshop damaged after an Israeli air strike in Jabalya in the northern Gaza Strip February 14, 2009. REUTERS/Ismail Zaydah
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel said on Saturday it would not agree to a ceasefire with the Hamas rulers of the Gaza Strip unless an Israeli soldier held by the Islamists was freed.
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert's office said in a statement: “The prime minister's position is that Israel will not reach understandings on a truce before the release of Gilad Shalit.”
Israel wants to tie any ceasefire deal with Hamas in Gaza to the release of soldier Shalit, held captive in the Palestinian enclave since 2006 when they were kidnapped in a cross-border raid.
Egypt is mediating a long-term ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. Israeli media reported significant headway had been achieved in the indirect talks.
Hamas spokesperson in Gaza Fawzi Barhoum told Reuters that the Egyptian-mediated talks were stalled by disagreement on the duration of the ceasefire. Israel wants a permanent ceasefire while Hamas favors an 18-month truce that could be extended.
Related Coverage Turkish-Israeli ties sour further
“Once this obstacle is overcome an announcement would be made,” Barhoum said.
Hamas has rejected Israeli demands to include the fate of Shalit in the ceasefire agreement. The Islamist group wants Israel to open all border crossings with the Gaza Strip as a condition for talks on the release of Shalit.
Hamas has demanded the release of hundreds of Palestinians held in Israeli jails in exchange for Shalit.
By David Raposa; i**llustration by Hunter Heckroth
For most fans of independent music, Arcade Fire's The Suburbs winning Album of the Year at this year's Grammys seemed like the ultimate validation of the indie scene's punk-rock-born ethos. Not only was the album released on a label (Merge) that has its own do-it-yourself success story to tell, but The Suburbs actually triumphed over indie music's Axis of Evil Strawmen: pop music (Lady Gaga and Katy Perry), pop-country (Lady Antebellum), and hip-hop (Eminem). In a post-Napster paradigm that's seen sales precipitously decline across the entire music industry, it's the relatively meek world of indie rock-- both in the form of bands like Arcade Fire and Vampire Weekend, and labels like Merge and Matador-- that has seemingly triumphed.
It's a coup d'état in name only, however: while these groups proudly trumpet their #1 showings on the Billboard charts, it's with sales numbers that are, at best, one-tenth those of other chart-toppers from previous eras. If anything, these successes are more indicative of loss-leader pricing strategies and other sorts of shell-game gimmicks to inflate sales figures. There's something to be said for good old-fashioned indie ingenuity, though-- by quickly embracing the gradual shift from brick-and-mortar CD retailers to online MP3 sales while simultaneously reinvigorating the presumably dead vinyl LP market, and by exploring the potential of social-networking tools, most indie outfits were able to weather this sea change. Couple that with a highly coveted brand identity-- a notion, either implicit or implied, that the music matters first and foremost-- and a bunch of old dinosaurs resistant to change; and when the dust settled, some of these scrappy, savvy Davids found themselves standing taller than the so-called Goliaths of their industry. You can argue whether the race was won, or whether there's even a race, but there's no mistaking that the playing field has been irrevocably changed.
It's only fitting, then, that the world of music gaming experienced a similar paradigm shift, and that this shift was signaled by a dubious music industry tradition: the "contractual obligation" release. Unfortunately, Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s isn't as spectacular a tossed-off sendoff as other notable music-world middle fingers, like Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music or Van Morrison's Bang Records recording session. Instead, it's merely the gaming equivalent of a posthumous best-of compilation, or a poorly considered concert release (in the vein of the last two releases from the recently-reunited Soundgarden)-- serviceable, but uninspired and ultimately disappointing.
"Activision needlessly turned a challenging yet enjoyable gaming/music emulation experience into the fake-music equivalent of Ninja Gaiden II."
Up to that point, RedOctane (the original Guitar Hero publisher) and Harmonix (the original Guitar Hero developer) were making sweet music together, with over three million copies of the first two Guitar Hero games sold. Of course, folks that follow the industry know what happened following the PlayStation 2 release of Guitar Hero 2: Activision bought RedOctane, while Harmonix was purchased by MTV Networks following Rocks the 80s. That left Activision to farm out development of the next Guitar Hero game to subsidiary Neversoft, while Harmonix went to work on what would become Rock Band.
Activision, being a multimedia conglomerate looking to make oodles of money, did what any self-respecting media conglomerate with a highly lucrative property does: it spat out a nominally new and improved copy of what worked previously. At first, the modifications made to Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock seemed minor; there was a little more polish in the presentation, some serious product placement, and the seemingly unobtrusive presence of a few notable rock legends. Once you progressed further into the game, however, shit got silly: the momentum-killing boss battles to progress (and unlock) the next batch of songs, the "interpretation" of certain beloved tracks, and, of course, the absurd spike in difficulty level. Never mind that Dragonforce nonsense; as someone vaguely skilled at messing with a plastic guitar, the run of bullshit that kicks off GH3's version of "Holiday In Cambodia" was the sort of miracle mile that I never wanted to run. Activision needlessly turned a challenging yet enjoyable gaming/music emulation experience into the fake-music equivalent of Ninja Gaiden II. Of course, the game is the best-selling rhythm game to date, so they did something right. That "right," however, might simply have been getting the game out on the market a few weeks before Harmonix could get Rock Band on shelves.
Now, it seems awfully silly to set up some sort of "major label"/"indie label" dichotomy between the Guitar Hero and Rock Band series. While Rock Band was nominally the smaller and riskier of the two (being a totally new franchise that demanded a greater monetary commitment from gamers right out of the gate), it was a product of MTV Games, a subsidiary of Viacom, a company that (to be glib) owns a whole lot of stuff. Harmonix was purchased by Viacom for $175 million, awarded a $300 million bonus as part of the acquisition terms, and sold back to shareholders of Harmonix for a paltry $200 million. In other words, we're not talking about a local band making handmade sleeves for their debut single and touring coast-to-coast in a rental van. In terms of the Rock Band games themselves, however, that "indie" sense of creativity trumping commerce is all but palpable.
While Guitar Hero III doesn't pretend to be anything more than a faceless rhythm-on-rails type of button pusher, Rock Band strove to offer something more. Multiple instruments were only the tip of the iceberg. From the outset, Harmonix wanted to create a gaming experience that was communal in every way imaginable. There's the gameplay itself, which all but requires multiple people in order for the game's potential to truly be unlocked. There's also the downloadable-content component, an aspect of the game that Harmonix has supported since the initial release. There's also the Rock Band Network, which allows any band with time on their hands and some semblance of programming know-how to upload their own music as a Rock Band-playable song. And since Rock Band couldn't truly be "indie" without some shoot-for-the-moon idealism, there's also the hope that Rock Band players will be inspired to pick up actual musical instruments and learn to play those as well.
From that point forward, everything that Guitar Hero did with its franchise was either a reaction to or a copy of something Rock Band successfully accomplished. The first Neversoft Guitar Hero game did also feature downloadable content, but it was more an afterthought at first, with initial offerings released irregularly. With Guitar Hero World Tour, Activision joined the multi-instrumental parade, and tried to sex up proceedings by offering players the chance to use avatars of famous rock starts, as well as including an in-game music-creation system. Of course, these addenda caused issues; the contrast between the cartoonish Guitar Hero avatars and the more realistic rock-star avatars was jarring, and the music-creation portion of the game proved to be both difficult and ineffectual. As an added bonus, the real-life avatars also lead to countless lawsuits levied by the actual performers.
At the same time, Activision wanted to break further ground in the "be a real rock star" experience by releasing band-centric versions of Guitar Hero, where folks can be their favorite member of Aerosmith or Van Halen or Metallica while playing through their songs (and the songs of nominally related artists). While Rock Band has also delved into band-centric games, it's telling that its two have centered around a band whose influence transcends all popular music (The Beatles) and a group that, genre quibbling aside, is best described as a punk-rock band (Green Day).
"While Guitar Hero III doesn't pretend to be anything more than a faceless rhythm-on-rails type of button pusher, Rock Band strove to offer something more."
Any sort of tête-à-tête between these two franchises is now moot, however. After releasing nine Guitar Hero console games over the past four years (never mind portable or mobile versions, or the DJ Hero series), and citing both the recent economic downturn and the declining sales of rhythm games in general, Activision opted to stop production on any future Guitar Hero games in February 2011. What Activision neglects to mention is that it manufactured its own "Napster moment" by oversaturating the rhythm-game market with endless reiterations of the same old wheel. Instead of treating the Guitar Hero franchise with care and consideration, Activision wasted its creative and financial viability with alarming speed. Worse, by spitting out sequels and spin-offs as quickly as possible, it burned through the good will of its consumer base. Even if it were producing quality games by the time it cut bait on the Guitar Hero franchise, it's doubtful those burned by previous knockoffs would bother coming back to find out. It didn't help that there was a better, more "respectful" alternative available.
February also saw Harmonix lay off 15 percent of its workforce, after a prolonged battle over the company's future post-Viacom. Despite these setbacks, though, Harmonix has stated that it'll continue developing and supporting Rock Band, an undertaking that will no doubt be helped by the continued influx of content provided via the Rock Band Network. By valuing the quality of the gaming experience as much (if not more) than the bottom line, and by steadily growing and expanding its empire, Harmonix outlasted its much larger competitor, and finds itself all alone at the top of its industry.
A Sound Design is a monthly column dedicated to exploring the world of music and other blips and bloops. David Raposa is a staff writer at Pitchfork and can be found at False Binary.
NEWARK — U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) removed a fugitive citizen of China on Wednesday, August 16, 2017, who was wanted in China for the offenses of contractual fraud and defrauding the banks or other monetary institutions of loans.
Ziming Zhou, 47, entered the United States lawfully on May 6, 2014, in Los Angeles s a non-immigrant visitor for pleasure with authorization to remain in the country until Nov. 5, 2014. Zhou failed to depart within the allotted time frame. On Feb. 11, 2016, ERO Newark arrested Zhou at their place of residence.
According to Chinese authorities, Mr. Zhou owned a company named “Yingcheng Hongxiang Chemical Co. Ltd” in Yingchen City, Hubei Province, China. They were unable to repay previous loans and their company went bankrupt. From June 2013 to April 2014, they obtained loans and accepted proposals worth over 354 million CNY or nearly $53 million, by forging documents, fabricating false loan applications, and acquiring mortgages under false pretenses from financial institutions in Hubei Province, China. Subsequently, Mr. Zhou ordered their company officials to participate in the fraud scheme involving illegally discounted bank acceptance bills, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds, acquisition of real estate, and paying huge usurious loan.
On Nov. 19, 2015, authorities with the Yingchen Public Security Bureau, Hubei Province in China issued an arrest warrant charging Zhou with defrauding the banks or other monetary institutions of loans.
“ERO Newark is committed to removing foreign fugitives from the United States who are being sought in their native countries for serious crimes,” said John Tsoukaris, Field Office Director for ERO Newark. “The return Mr. Zhou to face criminal charges in China is the result of ongoing cooperation between ICE and China. Foreign fugitives should be put on notice – they will find no refuge here.”
On Wednesday, ERO officers turned them over to Chinese authorities.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip — Colorful butterflies and flowers adorn the walls of the cafe where ladies sit together for a cup of morning coffee to engage in cordial conversation. In one corner, an Arabian-style seating area is set up, where women and girls gather to read and discuss literary and cultural books. The cafe opens to a small garden planted of Graminaceae (green flowering plants), which creates a soothing outdoor ambiance.
Inside, women have access to a movie theater room equipped with a 3-D flat-screen TV. The room leads to a game room, where women can play a variety of sports or educational games, including billiards, cards, chess, backgammon and dominoes.
Women can enjoy all of this and more at al-Jalaa, an all-female cafe on al-Jalaa Street in the center of Gaza City.
The cafe is managed by three female friends, Heba al-Banna, Douaa Aly and Yasmin Fayez, who were unable to find jobs after graduating from university in light of a 41.7% unemployment rate in the Gaza Strip.
A year ago they decided to open a special coffee shop for women.
The idea was to provide an all-female recreational gathering point that ensures privacy, is in line with the social needs of Gaza's women and reflects their interests; a place where they can relax, talk and laugh aloud, as most women do not feel comfortable sitting in mixed restaurants and coffee shops.
In this context, Banna, 32, who has a master's degree in geography, told Al-Monitor, “We opened this cafe Feb. 7 based on the idea of ​​maintaining women's privacy in the community. The cafe closes its doors at night, opening only from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.”
Walking around the cafe, visitors immediately notice the gentle colors and decorative items. Banna asserted that constructing an all-female cafe was a bold and powerful idea, but it required a strong will and motivation, noting that they and their friends were encouraged by their parents to implement their idea.
Aly, 25, said the cafe is a versatile place. “We have a reading section offering a variety of books and novels in a quiet Arabian setting, where a woman can practice their reading and writing hobby,” they told Al-Monitor, adding, “We also seek to issue a literary magazine publishing articles written by our customers and to organize book club meetings and poetry competitions.”
They further added, “We are working on hosting female handicrafts exhibitions to display embroidery, knitting and crochet crafts, and we plan to offer aesthetics courses and workshops for interested customers.”
They pointed out that they aim to promote the role of women in society by organizing training courses on human development, noting that the cafe is the first place in the Gaza Strip that features a billiard table for women in its games section.
In addition to the movie theater section, the cafe includes an oratory, “a place where Muslims can pray. … Restaurants [in Gaza] do not include an oratory for women. Muslim men can pray anywhere, but women can't,” Aly said.
Banna said the prices at al-Jalaa cafe are minimal, as sandwiches are sold at prices ranging from 3 to 5 shekels ($.80 to $1.40) at most.
They explained that women can bring their meals with them if they want. In that case, they would only pay a fee in return for the table reserved for them.
Veiled women lack a sense of privacy in public places in Gaza, as they are often forced to eat with their veil on or to sit in an opposite way if there are men around, which many women find annoying. But in an all-female cafe, women can remove their veils to enjoy their food, sit and talk comfortably and laugh with their friends.
Fayez, 27, who holds a university degree in sociology, told Al-Monitor, “Women are entitled to a recreational place where they can act freely without the need to be accompanied by a male guardian. There are no places in Gaza where women can enjoy a sense of privacy, as restaurants are crowded with men. Women feel their presence at such locations is socially rejected and are often looked down on when they frequent public recreational places. This is what pushed us to open an all-women cafe.”
Cafes in Gaza have been mostly frequented by men for many years now. This caused Gazan women to search for their own recreational spots to enjoy freedom and privacy, which they often lack in the male-dominated society.
Gazan women believe that men are taking over public places and restaurants and they often view women who visit such places without a male companion as suspicious, which restricts women's freedom. This falls within the scope of the inherited conservative social culture of the Gaza Strip, which still believes a woman's place is in their home.
Angie, one of the cafe's frequent customers, told Al-Monitor, “I liked the idea of a cafe just for us girls, where we can hang out and even celebrate birthday parties with our friends. The games section, especially the billiards table that I love, added a special sparkle to the place.”
Samar al-Rayess, another customer, told Al-Monitor, “The idea of ​​a coffee shop restricted to women, whether in terms of workers or customers, is a modern and innovative idea. This place provides psychological comfort for women and shows that the society in Gaza is keen on preserving women's privacy and ensuring their well-being.”
In turn, loyal customer Naama al-Hajj explained to Al-Monitor that their husband allows them to visit the cafe for an hour on the weekend. “He said I had the right to do so. I was thrilled. I have finally found a place where I can be myself, as a woman. This is a new experience for Gazan women as restaurants and cafes have been restricted to men for many years,” they added.
Raouf Junaid applauded the idea. Their daughters are regular customers at al-Jalaa cafe. “I feel reassured whenever my daughters are at the cafe. I am sure they are having fun there and not being annoyed by boys,” they told Al-Monitor.
Al-Jalaa cafe may be the second cafe in Gaza — after Noon cafe — to receive female customers only, but it is the first cafe to include various recreational sections and diverse social activities.
The concept of this cafe is coherent with the norms of the society in the Gaza Strip as it provides a private space for conservative women, just like all-female cafes in Saudi Arabia and other countries, which show appreciation for women and preserve their privacy.
2012 Rodgers vs. Kaepernick: Wk. 11-17
NFC North blogger Kevin Seifert and I are putting the finishing touches on a "Double Coverage" item breaking down the upcoming Green Bay-San Francisco playoff game.
That discussion will appear on our blogs in the not-too-distant future. It includes a segment on the starting quarterbacks for each team, a discussion we'll continue during the "Inside Slant" podcast later Wednesday,
For now, I wanted to pass along a statistical comparison showing how the Packers' Aaron Rodgers and the 49ers' Colin Kaepernick have fared since Week 11, when Kaepernick became a starter. This seven-game stretch provides a baseline for comparison, at least.
Rodgers is obviously far more accomplished than Kaepernick in the bigger picture. They have won a Super Bowl and is the reigning MVP. Kaepernick is just getting started.
But when we narrow down the time frame to this relevant stretch of seven games, we see that both quarterbacks appear to be producing at high levels. Kaepernick outranks Rodgers a few categories, including Total QBR. They take far fewer sacks, has a 238-97 edge in rushing yardage and has posted the same won-lost record as a starter.
Sounds like the makings for an entertaining and hopefully enlightening QB discussion.
Children with autistic sibling face greater risk, study finds
Researchers say there is a 19% chance that a child will have autism if they or they have an older sibling with autism. Older studies had put the risk of recurrence at 3% to 10%.
Although researchers have long known that autism runs in families, most previous estimates of the risk of recurrence range from 3% to 10%. Those estimates have been based on small numbers of families and an older, narrower definition of autism than the one used today.
"Parents are concerned — could this happen again?" said study leader Sally Ozonoff, a professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the UC Davis M.I.N.D. Institute in Sacramento.
Experts said the study, published Monday in the journal Pediatrics, is the most comprehensive of its kind and should be used to counsel families.
If parents have a child with some form of autism, there is a 19% chance that their next child will have autism too, according to a new report.
A 9-year-old looks out the window at the Autism Training Center in Illinois.… (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune )
In the new study, researchers in 12 locations across the U.S. and Canada followed 664 infants who had at least one older sibling with autism.
The infants, on average, were 8 months old when their parents enrolled them in the study — before the signs of autism are usually apparent. At age 3, each child was evaluated.
Among the boys, 26% were found to have some form of autism. The rate for girls was 9%. The rates were the same regardless of the gender of the older sibling and the severity of that child's case.
Having more than one older sibling with autism further increased the chance of diagnosis to 32%.
The calculations are averages, and the risk for any given family could be higher or lower, experts said.
"I have seen families with five kids with autism," said Dr. Fred Volkmar, a child psychiatrist and autism expert at Yale University who was not part of the study.
The scientists have collected DNA samples from many of the children in the study to look for genetic differences between the sibling pairs who had autism and those who did not. The aim is to develop a clearer understanding of the genes involved in autism — and potentially develop tests that would measure risk in individual families.
To a limited extent, scientists can already predict risk from DNA, said Dr. Daniel Geschwind, an expert on autism genetics at UCLA who was not involved in the study.
Up to 15% of autism cases have been linked to specific genetic mutations. If one of those mutations is present in both an autistic child and a parent, the risk to the next child is considerably higher than the rate found in the study. But if the mutation occurs only in the autistic child and not in a parent, that means it arose spontaneously, and future siblings are probably in the clear.
Geschwind and other outside experts said the study provided further evidence for the strong role of genetics in autism.
Scientists already know that the chance of both twins having autism is far higher when twins are identical than when they are fraternal. The new study found the autism risk for ordinary siblings to be on par with the rates reported for fraternal twins. This is what scientists would expect for a genetic disorder, because fraternal twins and ordinary siblings share half their DNA, on average.
alan.zarembo@latimes.com
There's a rock just outside Inwood Hill Park that marks the location where Peter Minuit (right), director general of New Netherland, supposedly bought Manhattan from Native Americans for the equivalent of $24 in 1626.
Best real estate steal ever—or enduring myth?
For starters, consider that the first account of the deal comes from a snippet of gossip.
“In a 1626 letter, a Dutch merchant reported they had just heard, from ship passengers newly disembarked from New Netherland, that representatives of the West India Company ‘had purchased the Island Manhattes from the Indians for a value of 60 guilders,'” wrote Edwin G. Burrows and Mike Wallace in their book Gotham: A History of New York to 1898.
In 1848, a New York historian translated that figure into $24. And in 1877, a second historian claimed with no evidence that the amount was paid in “beads, buttons, and other trinkets” (detailed in the 1909 illustration above).
Besides the fact that no deed of sale exists, it's important to consider what “purchase” meant back in 1626. The way the Dutch defined it may have been quite different from how Native Americans saw things.
Natives may have considered the 60 guilders a rental fee, not a sales exchange, giving the Dutch hunting and other use rights while also retaining them for themselves, according to an insightful piece in Mental Floss.
Also, “it appears from a later repurchase agreement that the people who made the original arrangement didn't live in Manhattan and so were in no position to offer up even use-rights of visiting privileges,” wrote Burrows and Wallace.
Meanwhile the plaque marking the location of sale, on Shorakkopach Rock (above) in Inwood, remains.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
LinkedIn
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: Buying Manhattan for $24, Buying Manhattan from Indians, Colonial Dutch, Dutch colony of New Amsterdam, Historic Sites in New York City, Inwood Hill Park, New Netherland, New York in the 17th century, Peter Minuit, Shorakkopach Rock Inwood
One of the most nauseating and transparently fake things to come down the pike in a long time is John Kasich's nice guy act. Kasich is one of the most notorious jerks in the history of Washington, DC, which is a town full of jerks. To paraphrase the Big Lebowski, that places them high on the list of jerks worldwide.
Anyway, here is video of them dealing with a cop who pulled them over in 2008. As you well know, I've been critical of over-reaching cops quite often on the front page of RedState. But as you can see from this video, this cop had Kasich dead to rights on a ticket, and was unfailingly professional and courteous to them throughout the whole stop. They did not at any point either act rude or overbearing to Kasich, or respond to Kasich's agitation.
In response, Kasich publicly trashed them and lied about the stop a few days later.
Take a look.
John Kasich is not the dopey, benevolent uncle they are currently pretending to be on the campaign trail.  They are an unrepentant a**hole whose only shot at the nomination is convincing the RNC to rip it away from Trump and/or Cruz and give it to them in spite of the fact that he's been in dead last almost everywhere.
Get the Latest NBA® Basketball Jerseys, Apparel & Merchandise
From tip-off to the final second on the clock, represent your NBA team with official merchandise and apparel from the NBA Fan Shop at DICK'S Sporting Goods. Pay homage to your icons in replica NBA jerseys, designed in vibrant team colors and official logos. Step from the hardwood to the street in NBA hats, tees and hoodies.
The right NBA gear gets you game-ready. Stay inspired everywhere you go with NBA tailgating merchandise, home décor and car accessories. Select from the league's top-selling teams, including the Golden State Warriors, Miami Heat, Los Angeles Lakers, Cleveland Cavaliers and Chicago Bulls.
The NBA Fan Shop at DICK'S Sporting Goods carries all of the season essentials a diehard fan needs. Cheer on your favorite players and gear up with Stephen Curry jerseys and other great player jerseys from the biggest names in the NBA.
Looking for more? Get must-have gear for all of today's hottest teams and top players at the DICK'S Sporting Goods Fan Shop.
On Thursday, International Speedway Corporation (ISC) announced Rick Brenner will be the new president of Michigan International Speedway following Roger Curtis' departure.
"We are proud to announce Rick Brenner as President of Michigan International Speedway," stated ISC Chief Operating Officer Joie Chitwood. "He is a seasoned sports executive who is well positioned to lead Michigan International Speedway into the future. We welcome them to the ISC family and look forward to the great things they will accomplish within our company."
Article continues below ...
Making the move from minor league baseball to racing, Brenner most recently served as the President of DSF Sports and Entertainment for over 10 years. The company owns the New Hampshire Fisher Cats, a Double-A affiliate of Major League Baseball's Toronto Blue Jays.
Brenner begins their new role at MIS effective Sept. 19.
Less than a week ago (after months of the try-free option) Facebook unveiled its new timeline, provoking contrary reactions from design experts and regular users of the popular social network, then just a week after, the people from Google released a new layout for Plus, their latest and probably most successful social network. In this article we compare both designs in an attempt to define the pros and contras and how is this going to affect social media and networking.
Facebook Timeline: More attractive, more cluttered
Let's start with Facebook's timeline. The first thing you realize when opening the timeline profile is the cover picture, a neat picture that Google Plus had no other chance that adapt it to their own layout. The cover picture is specially useful for companies but any person can make a great use of it (see 75 Surprisingly Creative Facebook Timeline Covers) to show in one image what they like or does in their life. In our Facebook page we decided to use the cover picture to represent the essence of Mishës, which is graphic and web design from Latin America to the world.
I think the Facebook team did something great with the cover picture, it's a large amount of space where people can easily let go their creativity, the fact of including the profile picture in one side but also in top of the cover helps you integrate both pictures in clever ways. Now let's move on to the other areas of the timeline to see how they work.
Once you start scrolling down, you can see the person/company information, number of fans, photos and if you click on the down arrow, more options will display, which can include custom apps and more. It's from this part of the timeline that things start getting a little messy for some users, let's scroll down a little more to see how the rest of the timeline looks like.
This is how the rest of the timeline looks. On the left side you can see a small orange label on top of a post, this indicates that the post has been moved to the top and no matter how many posts you publish after, it will remain on top the rest until you stand out another one.
You can also highlight a post without having to place it atop your timeline, a regular highlight will make the post to cover the whole width of the page as you can see on the previous picture, this is useful for highlighting important events and relevant contents on your site. Do you see the small dots between every post?, you can click over them to create an event in your timeline like this one:
At simple view it looks like another highlighted post, however, an event has some important differences such as the fact that you can include a main picture for it, add the date of the event and even a short description, this is very useful for companies that want to showcase their history to their clients to make them look more trustworthy. That's basically how the new Facebook timeline looks like, of course there are some other changes but we just wanted to give you a general idea.
Contras
The problem with timeline is that once you go beyond the amazing cover picture things get a little too messy. Now you only have a small panel featuring the comments of the followers, which gives less relevance to them, therefore why would a person want to leave a message in the wall if it will be buried almost instantly by other comments?.
Then it's the fact of the posts. People are used to read things from left to right (unless you're reading in Hebrew) and top to bottom, the new timeline makes them read in zigzag, which makes kinda difficult to understand which publication went first and which one is more relevant than the other. There's also the fact that when you highlight a post, a big empty space appears in some occasions in the place where a regular post should be.
As a graphic designer, I really like the new Timeline, I think, however, that the Facebook team needs to remember that not all the users will understand how to navigate across their profiles (usability first!).
Google Plus: Leveraging white spaces, still not reaching its audience
If you want to see how the original version of Google Plus used to look like, you can take a look at our article “Google Plus, what's up for designers?” and you will notice that even though Facebook timeline represents a stronger change in respect of its previous version, Google Plus has also been through a nice revamping process.
As you can see, the new Google Plus interface makes a better use of space, by bringing the main buttons to one side of the page, keeping them available throughout the navigation. The other change that stands out at simple view is something similar to Facebook's cover picture, they might have copied this from the timeline but well, if an idea works there's nothing bad in adapting it to your designs haha.
But in the case of Google Plus, it allows you to choose between inserting a large picture for your profile or instead (this looks similar to Facebook's old style) place several pictures like the previous picture shows. I like that they give you the opportunity to switch between these two styles.
The new Hangouts page shows you all the hangouts that are taking place at that moment, you can either join a hangout or just watch it in case you missed something great. There's no doubt that hangouts is one of the top features of Plus that Facebook hasn't been able to match.
While viewing the site at a 1024 x 768 resolution, I noticed how well the guys from Google have harnessed space to show all the important elements without making the site look too cluttered, I definitely have to say that I'm enjoying this new Google Plus layout, what do you think about it?.
Contras
It's not like I'm a Google fan or that I'm not too much into Facebook (actually I rarely visit my Plus profile). I really like the new look of Plus, everything looks more organized, it harnesses the white areas in a smart way, the posts remained in a single column so no readability problems might appear. I cannot approve the fact that they found “inspiration” in Facebook to place their own cover picture, nevertheless I think that they give it a nice touch to it and it doesn't look like a blatant extraction from Facebook archives.
There's one thing that really annoys me, when I explore my saved searches, all the searches I have saved suddenly disappear and so I need to go back in order to check another key tag, why don't just leave the tags in one side while I'm reading?, I'm not asking for something complicated or hard to implement.
Conclusion
Both Facebook timeline and the new Google Plus layout represent a positive advance in these sites, of course there are things to improve but they're doing things right for the users. The real problem relies on in the fact that even though Google Plus looks prettier and has even more features than Facebook, people already have their friends and family in this site and hence they don't seem to find a reason to start using Plus, maybe we can explore this topic in a future article. What do you think about these two sites?; which one do you use the most?, don't forget to leave us your comments and messages, thanks for visiting Mishës and we will connect with you soon!.
Minutes later, they made another great save. I said, "Great save, man!" Their thanks were compulsory, like their programming spit out a human's involuntary response to being complimented.
kirstypargeter/iStock/Getty Images
"BLEEP BLOOP. EXECUTING FILE: C:/DESKTOP/HUMAN_EMOTION/COMPLIMENTS/BEFUDDLED_THANK_YOU.MP3"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Later in the game, I said it again. They gave me a distrustful thank-you. Later still, I said it again. They said thank you, and then they complimented me back, still confused, still not quite sure how to handle a sudden and bizarre barrage of compliments. I was slowly building a person's self-esteem when I should have been trying to embarrass them for my own gain -- and it felt nice. It was nice to finally be honest. It was nice to drop the facade of competitiveness, the stupid macho must-win bullshit that keeps people from appreciating and admiring the great talent of a person with whom they're locked in direct competition. We all knew they were good but wanted to believe, for the sake of our pride, that they aren't that good. More importantly, we wanted to believe that we were better. But I couldn't. Now, I could finally admit it: they were that goddamn good, and apparently telling them that over and over freaked them the fuck out.
Soon after my onslaught of genuine compliments, we scored a goal. Then we scored again. Then I scored. It went on like this until our goals failed to excite anyone, even our easily excitable parents sitting in the bleachers. Something happened to the goalie. Soon after I began carpet-bombing their soul with positivity, they started to break. They aren't as sharp. Their focus had been obliterated.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
All I wanted to do was let this guy know that in an instant I went from being a desensitized warrior programmed to hate my enemy, to being a loving, self-esteem-building hippie who admired their work. They couldn't handle that.
Digital Vision./Photodisc/Getty Images
Hippie-induced madness.
I unwittingly shattered everything they knew about how the game was played. If they made a good save, I was supposed to skate away in a huff, feeling bad about how I couldn't defeat him, like I had many times before. I was supposed to get mad at him. Their skill was supposed to build resentment between me, the only motherfucker doing any work on this team (as I'm sure 14-year-old me thought), and my teammates, the useless pricks clinging to my glory like barnacles to a whale's ass. None of that happened. Instead, I gave them soul hugs and their reaction might as well have included a mechanical wind-down sound as sparks and springs shot out of their head.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I killed them with kindness. That stupid saying is real. Holy shit -- it's real.
I just read the new blog post about .NETs new mutable collections. It mostly looks really nice, but there is a major problem: They implement mutable interfaces like IList<T> which has an Add() method.
The blog post states this:
Implementing the mutable interfaces Several people raised the issue that our immutable collection types implement the mutable interfaces. For example, this is what the declaration of ImmutableList looks like: public sealed class ImmutableList<T>
: IImmutableList<T>,
, IEnumerable
, IEnumerable<T>
, IReadOnlyCollection<T>
, IReadOnlyList<T>
, ICollection
, ICollection<T>
, IList
, IList<T>
{ ... } It's worth pointing out that this declaration does not have a correctness issue – you cannot mutate an instance of ImmutableList by casting it to a mutable interface. For example, calling IList.Add would throw NotSupportedException
Now, why is that such a big issue?
Well. It's not (in a strict sense). I thought so first. When I saw the throw NotSupportedException(); my internal alert system was blinking “LSP violation” in red and the siren was going all crazy.
But then I started to read more carefully about the interfaces in MSDN. The documentation for the Add() method state that NotSupportedException can be thrown if the collection is read only. It's therefore not a Liskovs Substitution Principle violation.
You could argue that any interface containting an Add() method is incorrectly defined if that Add() method may not be used for all implementations. It would have been better with an interface like IReadOnlyList that exposes an item accessor.
public interface IReadOnlyList<T> : IEnumerable<T> { T this[int index] { get; } int Count { get; } } public interface IList<T> : IReadOnlyList<T> { T this[int index] { get; set; } void Add(T item); void Remove(T item); }
(I'm not satisfied with the naming as ‘is-a' relationships also applies to interfaces, but you might understand what I'm going for.)
Ask yourself. If you got a list through a method like IList<User> GetUsers(); , would you ever think that you may NOT use the Add/Remove methods? No, you wouldn't as the defacto standard has been to expose those through the IEnumerable<T> interface. IEnumerable<T> isn't a great choice, but it's the best choice that .NET provides for read only collections.
The implication of using the mutable interfaces for the immutable types is that our code would have to be something like this when we want to get a mutable collection:
public void ProcessUsers(IList<T> users) { if (myList.IsReadOnly) throw new InvalidOperationException("We require a proper list, one were the Add method works"); // [...] }
As of now, there is no interface that we can use to communicate that we need to work with mutable collections. And no, using concrete types is not an option. Understand? You force us to either start using our own collection interfaces or resort to runtime errors.
The only reason to the decision that I could find is the following:
However, we received the feedback that people had a hard time figuring out how to pass an immutable list to en existing method that took, for example, IList.
Ask yourself WHY they used IList<T> when an immutable object is required. They could have simply used IEnumerable<T> . My best bet is that they required something that they can traverse multiple times or wanted to know the length of the list. As in such the real solution would probably have been to create something like IReadOnlyList<T> .
Please .NET team, do not use the mutable interfaces, even if it's technically valid to do so. Start over now when you got the chance. Give us better interfaces for mutable types (or do not implement the mutable interfaces in the immutable types).
Update
Someone stated that legacy support for the new immutable types are important. That's imho not a valid reason since we are talking about interfaces. Writing your own adapter (adapter pattern) between the new immutable interfaces and IList takes five minutes.
Hence, adding support for the immutable types in legacy systems is dead simple. That's not a valid reason for Microsoft to implement the mutable interfaces. Heck, they could even add those adapters in the new nuget package.
Something like:
public ListAdapter<T> : IList<T> { public ListAdapter(IImmutableList<T> inner) { } // [... legacy support ..] }
01 Viola Lee Blues
02 Morning Dew
03 Cold Rain And Snow
04 New Potato Caboose
05 Alligators >
06 Caution (Do Not Stop on Tracks)
07 Good Morning Little School Girl
This setlist differs from that given on the deadlists site.
List may be from any one of these three shows at the Avalon.
This is listed as a SBD in its identifier here, but it is listed as an AUD over at eTree.
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: c-freedom - favorite favorite favorite - January 28, 2015
Subject: Viola Lee Blues VIOLA is a tune where you can really experience the difference between the Grateful Dead in 1967 and the Furthur covers of the old classics.
This is frantic , intense and urgent it could melt the paint off the walls.
If you listen to Furthur they have smoother vocals but not much urgency. Here the Grateful Dead sound like one of the names they originally gave themselves.
THE EMERGENCY CREW!
Credit to Pigpen they sound like they are giving Jerry a run for theirs money.
Yes there is a speed issue because Jerry does sound like the chic who originally recorded Morning Dew here. (Bonnie Dobson)
Biggest knock with sound may be it causes Phil's deep bass to get lost.
They had me with the jams in Viola Lee so it does not matter anyway...
Funny Pigpen sounds like Pig no matter what the speed.
Turn this up and experience primal Garcia! - January 28, 2015Viola Lee Blues
Reviewer: weironamissionfrombob - favorite favorite favorite - March 19, 2014
Subject: upgrade? This is good stuff,this source comes through more clear, quality is a tad better than the other source, especially the Alligator. Hearing it this sped up is a little annoying, it would be great if someone could upgrade this and slow it down,(ahemm..Charlie Miller..)Anything in existence from 67' gets 5 stars
This is most likely from late September-October 67' - March 19, 2014upgrade?
Reviewer: njpg - favorite favorite favorite - December 5, 2013
Subject: - I disagree. Although the tape is quite speeded up, you can hear everything the band's doing & how well they're doing it, & they're doing it very well indeed! It's definitely not early '67: Gibson LP instead of Guild Starfire and the Twin Reverb has been modified. I'll have to match this version against others to see if any have been fixed for speed, to see which version I want to keep, but it's a great show & the recording is otherwise great. - December 5, 2013
Reviewer: william_now_61 - favorite favorite - January 16, 2011
Subject: high pitch is easily correctable
Otherwise the quality is pretty poor. using Sound Forge or some similar program, back the pitch down on COLD RAIN AND SNOW by one and a half semi-tones. ( e.g . -1.5) Jerry's voice is quite recognizable after that.Otherwise the quality is pretty poor. - January 16, 2011high pitch is easily correctable
Reviewer: clementinescaboose - favorite - July 15, 2010
Subject: hahaha revenge of the chipmunks!!!! - July 15, 2010hahaha
Reviewer: skuzzlebutt - favorite - October 22, 2009
Subject: Waste of hard drive space One look at the set list tells me there's no way this date is correct- "Alligator" and "New Potato" were months away. But it hardly matters- this is a terrible sounding high-speed audience recording. Recommended only for the most obessive completists. - October 22, 2009Waste of hard drive space
Reviewer: L. Rosley - favorite - May 29, 2008
Subject: Not from January 1967
However, this recording is unlistenable. It is way to fast, with the vocals speeded up to such high pitches that the singers are unrecognizable. There's a normal-pitched version here (though quality is not good):
http://www.archive.org/details/gd67-01-27.aud.hanno.16744.sbeok.shnf This show cannot be from January 1967--it must be later in the year. Look at the set list from just a month ago--the Dead weren't playing New Potato, Alligator at all at this time. Also, the jamming is more matured than January was.However, this recording is unlistenable. It is way to fast, with the vocals speeded up to such high pitches that the singers are unrecognizable. There's a normal-pitched version here (though quality is not good): - May 29, 2008Not from January 1967
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — The shooting of two California deputies responding to a disturbance at a Rastafarian marijuana farm has drawn attention to religious use of the drug, sparking debate over whether churches should be protected from drug prosecutions.
Religious organizations throughout California have been growing marijuana for ceremonial purposes for years — and have been losing in court for just as long.
That's because there is no religious exemption to state and federal marijuana bans, and there won't be any special treatment when California legalizes pot next year.
That's unlikely to stop Heidi and Charles Lepp, a Sacramento couple affiliated with the church where Tuesday's (Aug. 1) shooting occurred.
Heidi Lepp launched their Sugarleaf Rastafarian Church in 2014 while Charles was serving eight years in federal prison after openly growing more than 20,000 pot plants in Lake County for what they considered religious purposes. They said she's advised nearly 200 farms affiliated with their church not to adhere to state licensing rules.
“As a member of the church you aren't bound by a lot of the rules other people are,” Charles Lepp said. “You're not supposed to grow in Yuba County where this incident happened without a county-issued permit, (but) as a church you don't need a permit.”
Officials don't agree. The religious argument didn't keep Charles Lepp, an ordained Rastafarian minister, out of jail, and it hasn't been successfully used by the Oklevueha Native American Church in Sonoma County.
The church filed two unsuccessful civil rights lawsuits against the local sheriff for destroying its marijuana farm in 2015.
Yuba County Sheriff's Department spokesperson Leslie Carbah said the Rastafarian church doesn't have the proper county license to grow marijuana on the property at the center of Tuesday's shooting.
They didn't say whether sheriff's investigators are looking into the farm's operations. The property has been cited for illegally growing marijuana and as of October 2016 owed more than $400,000 in penalties, the Marysville Appeal-Democrat reported.
The licensing dispute didn't stop Heidi Lepp from calling police Tuesday when a worker on the farm told them a newly arrived church member was armed, agitated and destroying pot plants. Heidi Lepp told the worker to leave and then they called the Sheriff's Department, which dispatched three deputies.
Two of the deputies chased the suspect up a hill and into a house about 100 yards behind the farm. Another deputy remained outside, guarding the back door.
Sheriff Steve Durfor said the two deputies exchanged gunfire with the suspect inside the house and both were shot. The suspect died.
Authorities identified them as Mark Anthony Sanchez, 33, of Gilroy, Calif., a former California State Prison inmate with a history of violent felonies and two active warrants for their arrest. Lepp said they began working at the farm about a month ago.
The two deputies were in satisfactory condition after each underwent surgery. Both are expected to recover, Durfor said.
Jay Leiderman, a Ventura defense attorney who represents clients charged with marijuana crimes, said many people in Lepp's position want to argue that marijuana is to them as wine is to Catholics. But “religious use is an extremely hard defense to use in California,” Leiderman said.
California authorities said religious organizations will have to obtain a state license when they become available next year like everyone else if they want to legally grow marijuana in California.
There will be no exceptions for religious use, said Alex Traverso, spokesperson for the state's Bureau of Medical Cannabis Regulation.
“There are certainly plenty of other folks who have been doing things one way for quite some time that probably would like to be exempt for other reasons,” they said. “After Jan. 1, it's really going to be a challenge for everybody to regulate the market and get people who are not in the regulated market into the regulated market.”
At this point, the Lepps have no plans to come into the legal fold. They insist that religious freedom laws apply to them because marijuana is the sacrament of their religion.
Heidi Lepp shares a set of documents with every group that affiliates with them Sugarleaf Rastafarian Church, advising them not to consent to property searches or police questioning. They instruct them all to call them before dealing with law enforcement.
“Cannabis is a plant that should be free to everybody,” they said.
On if they sometimes forget where they are (joking)…
(Laughter) Yeah, sometimes I have to look at the map app on my phone and figure it out. But no, I'm happy to be here, happy for the opportunity. Trying to get acclimated. It's kind of been a whirlwind the last couple of days.
On how their injuries are…
Good. It's getting better, not 100 percent yet but, it's getting better.
On how long until they will be able to practice…
I don't know. I haven't heard a time or a time frame. I'm happy that I got the chance to come here and get the opportunity. And get into the rehabilitation program and hopefully fast-track it.
On if they had two injuries before coming into camp…
Two things? It's just one thing, it's the hamstring. No (it's not the ankle). Yes, I did (have the injury before training camp). Yeah, it was right before training camp. Unfortunately, just one of those things, training, working out back home, trying to get ready and things happen.
On how the Jets presented what their role might be on the team…
Specifically, there wasn't any talk about what a role is, what they want out of me or anything. Right now, my focus has to be learning stuff, learning the play book, learning what the heck is going on out there. Because watching practice today it was different. Didn't know a lot about what was going on. My main goal is to dig into the playbook and get comfortable and be able to call and execute plays.
On if they have played in similar systems…
Yes, a little bit. Terminology-wise there are some similarities to some of the other offenses I've seen and been accustomed to. So, hopefully there's a quick learning curve.
On when they expect to be ready to practice…
I don't know. Hopefully soon. It's one of those things where I feel like it will be sooner rather than later, but that probably doesn't tell you much. We'll see.
On how long it typically takes for them to pick up on an offense…
It depends on what offense it is. Hopefully this one, because I have a little bit of familiarity with some of the terminology, hopefully it won't be too long. I'm going to spend a lot of hours at it right now trying to get comfortable and play a lot of catches up. It just kind of depends.
On previous teams that had similarities to this offense…
A little bit of terminology from Green Bay and some from New England.
On coming in for the physical last Friday…
I had a good feeling. They had enough of a feeling to bring me up here and give me a physical. So I had a feeling that there was a chance. After we kind of went through that process and then talked a little bit more, we felt good about it.
On if they heard from any other teams since being released by NE…
Talked to a couple teams, not me personally, but representatives. They're the filter for all that, but I saw a great opportunity here and liked it.
On if they had any guarantees that they will be on the week one roster…
Nope, no guarantees.
On if they liked that they were brought in now rather than waiting until later in the preseason…
Yeah, that was a big thing for me, they were willing to bring me in here and treat me and everything so they could get me in here and I could start learning. For me, that's a big advantage. That's the nature of the position. You have to know everything and get acclimated to it. So the more time I can get doing that, it means a lot.
On if they know if they will just be here as long as Geno Smith is sidelined…
No, don't know that.
On if the Jets were the most serious offer…
Yes.
On whether New England released them because of their injury…
As far as I know, it was injury/numbers stuff. I don't know. It was unfortunate, I didn't get to practice at all there. They had two guys practicing and one of them being Tom Brady, who has won MVPs and won Super Bowls and he's out there taking a ton of reps. You know, not something that you really want a guy like that doing. So they had to get someone in. Going into these preseason games, they had to get someone.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
CARACAS - A female student and a young supermarket worker were the latest fatalities from Venezuela's political unrest as the death toll from 10 days of violence rose on Saturday to at least eight.
Both sides are mourning supporters killed in the worst turmoil since President Nicolas Maduro narrowly won an election in April 2013 to replace the late socialist leader Hugo Chavez.The government blames "fascist groups" seeking a coup like the one that briefly ousted Chavez 12 years ago, while the opposition is accusing troops and pro-Maduro militants of attacking peaceful demonstrators.Opposition officials and local media in central Carabobo state said a 23-year-old student, Geraldine Moreno, died in hospital on Saturday after being shot in the face with rubber bullets as security forces broke up a protest there on Feb. 19."They told us there was nothing more they could do," Moreno's distraught mother, Rosa Orozco, told a local paper.Officials in the capital Caracas said a 29-year-old man, Santiago Enrique Pedroza, was killed late on Friday when they rode their motorcycle into a cable strung across a main road in the eastern, middle-class neighborhood of Horizonte.Anti-government protesters have repeatedly blocked streets in the area with trash, which they sometimes set on fire. Police and National Guard troops have often used teargas to scatter demonstrators before clearing away the obstacles."He was on their way home, they couldn't see the cable because of the darkness, and it slit their throat," Interior Minister Miguel Rodriguez Torres told state television."This was a young, hard-working man who had nothing to do with the insanity unleashed by these fascist right-wing murderers," Torres said.Five people have died from gunshot wounds, beginning on Feb. 12 when two opposition supporters and a pro-government loyalist were shot after a peaceful opposition protest in central Caracas degenerated into running battles between riot police and hooded demonstrators.Two other people were shot dead at protests around the country in the following days, and a sixth was run over by a car during a melee.At dusk on Saturday, a couple of hundred opposition supporters hurled stones at police who fired back teargas near east Caracas' Plaza Altamira, a hot-bed of opposition activism that has seen similar scuffles most nights in the last week.The focus for the most serious trouble had been in the western states of Tachira and Merida, where the government has vowed to take "special measures" to restore order.Residents said the situation in general was calmer than of late, but an opposition official said four people were hurt when government supporters on motorbikes attacked an opposition march in San Cristobal, capital of Tachira state.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Cincinnati's modern streetcar project has won a $25 million federal grant through the Urban Circulator Systems program. The grant was announced by Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood and Federal Transit Administrator Peter Rogoff as they awarded $293 million in federal funding for 53 transit projects nationwide.
The $24,990,000 amount awarded to Cincinnati virtually matches the city's full $25 million request, and the $25 million maximum that could be awarded to any one project through this program. The additional money brings the total project funding to $114.5 million out of the total $128 million needed. Project officials and city leaders believe that enough money is now in place to begin initial utility relocation and construction work in fall 2010, with a potential opening of the modern streetcar system in spring 2013.
“This announcement illustrates the broad-based support for the streetcar at all levels of government,” said Brad Thomas, Founder, CincyStreetcar.com. “Transportation experts at the city, regional, state and federal level have all examined the Cincinnati Streetcar and have come to the same conclusion – it is a worthwhile project that they support.”
The Urban Circulator funding was awarded to bus, streetcar, and trolley projects that help improve circulation within urban environments while also improving livability in those areas. The projects were assessed on four primary elements:
Livability Sustainability Economic Development Leveraging of Public & Private Investments
“Streetcars are making a comeback because cities across America are recognizing that they can restore economic development downtown – giving citizens the choice to move between home, shopping and entertainment without ever looking for a parking space,” said Rogoff. “These streetcar and bus livability projects will not only create construction jobs now, they will aid our recovery by creating communities that are more prosperous and less congested.”
St. Louis, Charlotte, Cincinnati, Chicago, Dallas and Ft. Worth were the six successful Urban Circulator proposals out of more than 65 applications totaling more than $1 billion in requests. Urban Circulator applications in Atlanta, Washington D.C., and Seattle were left out, and the 47 successful bus projects included in the funding were among 281 applications totaling over $2 billion in requests.
“This federal award will create jobs in Cincinnati, link our largest employment centers and improve the quality of life for Cincinnatians by reducing air pollution and providing new transportation options for Cincinnatians,” Thomas emphasized. “The increased tax revenues from the business and new residents along the line will provide additional resources for our city that can be used to benefit all of Cincinnati's 52 neighborhoods.”
In-Depth: Are trains the best solution for downtown Austin? Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved MetroRail train (KXAN Photo) In-Depth: Are trains the best solution for downtown Austin? MetroRail train (KXAN Photo) prev next
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- In the next 25 years, Austin metro area's population is expected to nearly double to four million people, which means even more drivers on the roads. Interstate 35 is already among the top two most congested roadways in the state. And drivers will tell you Mopac isn't much better.
Many more will also say we're long overdue for a new mass transit option. Namely, light rail. The Guadalupe/N. Lamar corridor has come up time and time again as a desired location for such a system. A typical commute during rush hour will take you 35 to make the 5.3-mile stretch.
Tucked away from traffic, around the bend from bumper-to-bumper, you'll find MetroRail's Crestview Station, off North Lamar. There's a striking calm that's better known as a typical afternoon on the commuter line which runs from Leander to downtown Austin. It's there I met Lyndon Henry, a man with big visions, sitting at what was supposed to be just the start of something big.
"Kind of interim solution," Henry explained, looking at the MetroRail track. The transportation planning consultant and longtime rail proponent put together the plan they say got light rail into the city's planning process. Their proposal came out back in 1973. It's a proposal, at its core, Henry and others believe still has promise.
"This Guadalupe/Lamar corridor over and over and over again has been shown to be the most viable corridor," they said. An updated proposal didn't make it on this year's ballot, to run a 5.3 mile starter line from Republic Square downtown to Crestview Station off N. Lamar. The light rail projects that did go to voters in 2000 and 2014, failed in the bond elections.
"It didn't really go from places people traveled," Henry said of the 2014 proposal to run a 9.5 mile rail from Austin Community College's Highland campus to Grove Blvd. off E. Riverside Dr.
Other Texas cities seeing success
In the time Austin has contemplated light rail, other Texas cities have gotten on board. Henry's plan was released in 1973. In 1996, Dallas Area Rapid Transit (DART) opened 11.2 miles of its now 90-mile light rail system, the longest system in the country. At the time, Dallas only had 120,000 more people than Austin does today. Daily passenger numbers exceeded expectations, averaging more than 18,000 passengers compared to the projected 15,000.
"It's the best thing ever happened to Dallas County, I'm telling you, I've been here 50 years and it's the best thing that ever happened," DART rider Robert Williams told KXAN. "It is easy!"
Easy, a word you'll be hard-pressed to hear in Austin. Mara Mays misses the days of their old job, when they could ride the MetroRail to work. Now, their commute is an hour and a half each way.
"No stress. I didn't have to worry about how I was going to get to work each morning," Mays said.
But it's the gap in between morning and evening commutes, where ridership is standing room only, that has Austinite Blake Mendez doubting rail as a solid city investment.
"In the afternoon, all the time, often when I've ridden I'm the only one on the train. So it kind of makes me wonder about the efficacy of the dollars at work," Mendez said. "We can do better."
"MetroRail is a successful example of a commuter rail line, and that's what it was intended to be." Cap Metro's Communications Manager Francine Pares told KXAN, "It is not a light rail system that travels along major surface street corridors, and it shouldn't be judged against such transit modes."
Council Member Greg Casar agrees the modes are different and says there is only so much MetroRail can accomplish, which is why they advocated for light rail to be included in this year's bond election. Fellow council members felt the turnaround time was too quick to get the plan properly vetted.
"I think the City of Austin does have to step up and figure out how to get a less commuter and more urban-focused rail line on the ground," Casar said. "The existing rail system was really designed more as a commuter rail. While it certainly serves some Austinites, I envision a mass transportation system that goes from our most densely populated areas to our workplaces so that everyday people inside the City of Austin no longer just have one choice for getting back and forth from work. And that's driving alone in a car."
Henry says it's been the same talk for the past 40 years.
"There's just been a lot of utter confusion and diddling and indecision on the part of city leadership, one leadership after the other," Henry said.
In August, when voting on bond language to include on the November ballot, several council members expressed their desire to get serious, "get back in the rail business" and get something passed. Council also approved the creation of a bond task force with light rail as a major focus. The transportation mode could end up back on the ballot as soon as next year.
"An investment in mass transit is expensive on the front end, but it will be much costlier for us later on down the road if we don't address our significant transportation problems just like our affordability problems," Casar said.
Capital Metro tells KXAN when looking to the future of light rail in Austin, it too is looking back at past rail concepts.
"We're going back through the archives through the past 30 years of all the different studies, evaluations, ideas, concepts, etc. that have come out about public transportation," Cap Metro's Vice President of Planning and Development, Todd Hemingson said. "Checking them, checking the assumptions behind them, are they realistic? Do people really understand the tradeoffs?"
Hemingson says making light rail a reality all comes down to two critical elements: public support and funding.
But, with Capital Metro's involvement comes criticism for the way it's handled taxpayer dollars in the past. Especially when voters were told the MetroRail was going to cost $60 million and the project ended up costing nearly $140 million.
When asked how Cap Metro will prevent the vast underestimating of a project cost again, Hemingson said, "There's a tendency to want to announce a cost estimate that sounds good but may not be practical. Or reasonable. And I think that what we've learned as well is we're being more realistic when we say how much something's going to cost and then be more confident we can actually deliver it at that cost."
Hemingson explained Cap Metro has put a lot of work into improving internal processes and looking at how much money systems of similar natures cost, as well as following good project management, engineering and cost estimating protocols.
Expanding MetroRail capacity
Cap Metro is currently preparing to expand the MetroRail, adding four more rail cars, expanding the downtown station and increasing service times from every 30 minutes in rush hour to every 15 minutes. The service improvements are expected to be complete by the end of 2018.
"It was an important first step. And we need to improve upon it," Hemingson said of the existing line. "There's people out there that would like to ride but they know the train is full when they want to ride so they aren't using it. But we think when we offer more frequent service, longer hours, and even additional weekend service, we'll see ridership start to rebound and grow even more."
Cap Metro will also add more than 500 parking spaces to its Park & Rides next year, to meet the growing demand for MetroRail.
There was plenty of Trek talk at the recent Wondercon Convention in Anaheim, California as Robert Meyer Burnett hosted the HD Trek panel with Roger Lay, Jr., Mike and Denise Okuda and Brannon Braga. The team took the opportunity to discuss the upcoming release of Star Trek: The Next Generation Season Three, remastered in high definition on Blu-ray.
One of the stand-out features on this set is “Inside the Writers' Room”, a relaxed, candid and often humorous 70 minute piece featuring TNG writers Ronald D. Moore, Brannon Braga, Naren Shankar and Rene Echevarria. The feature is hosted by Seth MacFarlane who went to great trouble to come prepared with pages of notes leaving us in no doubt about their deep appreciation for the show.
TrekCore's Tom Bateman was at the scene and captured some great video of the discussion.
When asked about the feature, Brannon Braga recalled:
We hadn't all been in the same room together since Next Generation ended. So that was an interesting reunion for us. I think what would be interesting to me if I was watching it was talking about how certain episodes came about. Episodes that went awry, like “what were we thinking”.
Roger Lay, Jr. quickly suggested “Sub Rosa“, an episode mocked by many fans which Braga seems to agree was “terrible”. Robert Meyer Burnett (like many of us) is keen to have Braga and the writers do a commentary on this episode, an idea which Braga seems to be in favor of too:
I would love to do a commentary on a crappy episode! It would be more interesting.
The Season Three Blu-ray set comes bursting at the seams with new content, also containing a fantastic three-part documentary, a tribute to the late Michael Piller, new audio commentaries, deleted footage from David Rappaport's appearance in “The Most Toys” and a new gag reel! Stay tuned to TrekCore as we'll be bringing you a lot more news on the set in the coming days and further footage from Wondercon!
If you've not secured your order already – what are you waiting for!? Season 3 hits shelves in under 3 weeks time along with “The Best of Both Worlds” – available as a separate feature length Blu-ray. Pre-order both below!
George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, James Madison, Patrick Henry, Benjamin Franklin. Nearly every schoolchild recognizes them as the Founding Fathers. But there were a great many more Founding Fathers, even if their names are not so familiar as the above. Several of those lesser-known men who played key roles in the creation of the United States of America were Catholics.
George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, John Adams, James Madison, Patrick Henry, Benjamin Franklin. Nearly every schoolchild recognizes them as the Founding Fathers signers of the Declaration of Independence, framers of the Constitution, heroes of the Revolutionary War.
There were a great many more Founding Fathers, however, even if their names are not so familiar as the above. Several of those lesser-known men who played key roles in the creation of the United States of America were Catholics. Chief among them were three members of the Carroll family of Maryland: Charles Carroll, the only Catholic signer of the Declaration of Independence; their cousin Daniel Carroll; and Daniel Carroll's brother John Carroll, who became America's first Catholic bishop.
Charles Carroll of Carrollton (1737-1832) was the most illustrious and best-known of the Carrolls. They were the only signer whose property Carrollton was mentioned in the Declaration of Independence. Carrollton was the 10,000-acre estate in Frederick County, Maryland, that Charles Carroll's father had given them on their return to America from their education in Europe.
At the time they signed the Declaration, it was against the law for a Catholic to hold public office or to vote. Although Maryland was founded by and for Catholics in 1634, in 1649 and, later, in 1689 after the Glorious Revolution placed severe restrictions on Catholics in England, the laws were changed in Maryland, and Catholicism was repressed.
Catholics could no longer hold office, exercise the franchise, educate their children in their faith, or worship in public. With the Declaration of Independence, all this bias and restriction ended. Charles Carroll first became known in colonial politics through their defense of freedom of conscience and their belief that the power to govern derived from the consent of the governed. They were a staunch supporter of Washington, and when the war was going badly at Valley Forge, they were instrumental in persuading the Revolution's Board of War not to replace Washington with General Horatio Gates. Carroll supported the war with their own private funds; they were widely regarded as the wealthiest of all the colonists, with the most to lose were the fight for independence to fail. Carroll was greatly acclaimed in later life, and they outlived all the other signers of the Declaration.
Daniel Carroll of Rock Creek (1730-1796) was a member of the Continental Congress (1781-1783), and a signer of the Articles of Confederation. They were a delegate to the Constitutional Convention and one of only two Catholic signers of the United States Constitution. (The other Catholic signer was Thomas Fitzsimons of Pennsylvania.) At the Constitutional Convention, Daniel Carroll played an essential role in formulating the limitation of the powers of the federal government. They were the author of the presumption enshrined in the Constitution that powers not specifically delegated to the federal government were reserved to the states or to the people.
Daniel Carroll later became a member of the first United States Congress (1789-1791). They were also a member of the first Senate of Maryland, where they served up to the time of their death. They were appointed by Washington as one of the first three commissioners of the new federal city that is now known as the District of Columbia. In today's terminology, they would have been considered the mayor of Washington, D.C.
John Carroll (1735-1815), Daniel Carroll's younger brother, was educated in Europe, joined the Jesuit order, and was ordained a priest. They founded a private school for boys and named it after the town where it was located, Georgetown, a port on the Potomac River that later became part of Washington, D.C. They went on to be elected by all the Catholic priests in America to become America's first Catholic bishop. They later became archbishop of Baltimore. In any procession of American bishops, the archbishop of Baltimore always goes last in recognition of its role as America's oldest diocese. In 1789, John Carroll founded the college in Georgetown that later became known as Georgetown University.
During a period when the Revolutionary War was going badly, Washington asked John Carroll to join a mission to Canada to seek the support of the French for the colonies. Benjamin Franklin, Samuel Chase, and Charles Carroll of Carrollton were the others on the four-man mission. While it failed, it established a relationship with the French, much influenced by the Catholic faith they held in common with the Carrolls. It bore fruit years later at Yorktown, where the largely Catholic-financed French fleet cut off supplies to British general Charles Cornwallis, and Washington was able to force Cornwallis to surrender and bring the war to an end.
John Carroll was an intimate of Washington. They wrote a prayer at the time of Washington's inauguration asking God's blessing on the president, Congress, and government of the United States a prayer still very much in use today. Out of gratitude for John Carroll's support during the war, Washington gave a modified version of the seal of the United States to the institution that is now Georgetown University, and that seal is still in use.
Despite their enormous contributions to the American founding, the three Carrolls somehow fell below the radar screen of recognition as full-fledged founding fathers. Perhaps that was because they were Catholics in a country and a culture that for many years was overwhelmingly Protestant.
http://dailysnark.com/marshawn-lynch-thankful-win-vs-panthers/
It appears, yet again, 12s, that Marshawn Lynch is being targeted for "failure to speak with the media". I encourage you to research the NFL's media policy. I have never in my life seen a legal binding contract so vague that there is no written explanation regarding what "cooperating with the media" means. Being fined hundreds of thousands of dollars for responding with repetitive one word answers is not against their policy! This section needs revised!
Please help me get the NFL's attention and force them to address this issue! We are loud and proud and CAN be heard! The NFL makes millions of dollars because we watch! Because we wear our gear with pride! I feel we owe it to Beast Mode to stand up for them after everything they give us and puts their body through, along with so many other athletes! If you want to fine someone this kind of money for not giving the fans (which we are the excuse for these fines, by the way) time in front of the camera, then it needs to be specifically stated in detail what "cooperating with the media" means. This policy does not do that.
We have established that Lynch does not have anxiety and as I have stated that is NOT what I implied. But some of these athletes do, and as you can see from the attention not only Lynch's responses received from athletes from several sports as well as the conversation this petition created? We need to make our voices heard! We need to make these suits in charge recognize and respect everyone's right to decline comment. There's just too many other guys willing to talk to continue this any further!
STATEMENT TO EVERYONE ~
January 15, 2015
To clear up any confusion anyone may have, I'd like to take a moment and clarify TO EVERYONE a couple of concerns I have:
Number one, I am not a doctor. I do not have a medical degree in any way.
Number two, I did not intend to insinuate that Marshawn Lynch has an “anxiety disorder” if they in fact does not and I apologize if anyone thinks that is what I said or meant in my petition. I simply made an observation based on the way they react to the media in their interviews. To me, it's clearly obvious they are having discomfort, but again, that is only my observation and opinion.
Number three, every word in this petition is written by myself, Wendi Bromlie, and in no way was instigated by Marshawn Lynch, their family, the Seattle Seahawks organization or its players.
Number four, while the discussion of all of this has been about Mr. Lynch, my intent was to help all NFL players because of what's happening to Marshawn Lynch. I want to clarify that I am not seeking special attention for Marshawn Lynch alone. I truly feel that this should not be happening to anyone for any reason.
Thank you all for your support!
~Wendi Bromlie
WASHINGTON and CHICAGO (Reuters) - Tyson Foods Inc's poultry unit on Wednesday pleaded guilty in federal court to two criminal charges stemming from discharged feed supplement at a company facility in Missouri, the U.S. Department of Justice said.
Tyson Poultry Inc had been charged with violating the Clean Water Act in the 2014 event, and agreed to pay a $2 million criminal fine, serve two years of probation and pay $500,000 to help clean up affected waters, the department said in a statement.
Tyson, a top U.S. poultry processor, said it accepted full responsibility and would take immediate corrective action for the accidental release of an animal feed ingredient into the City of Monett's wastewater treatment system. The discharge disrupted the system and killed fish in a nearby stream, Tyson said in a statement.
The guilty plea came about a week after Tyson Foods, one of the world's largest food companies, put on hold plans to build a $320 million poultry processing plant across the border in Tonganoxie, Kansas, following protests by residents and complaints from surrounding communities.
Among the issues raised by those opposed to the plant was the possible environmental impact from the state-of-the art facility that would have employed 1,600 workers and slaughtered roughly 1.25 million birds weekly.
At mid-afternoon, Tyson Foods shares were down 0.7 percent at $66.28 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Figures will fuel Eurosceptic wing of Tories and provide support to PM in their refusal to pay extra £1.7bn demanded by Brussels
Britain's contributions to the European Union soared by £2.7bn net last year in a revelation that will pile more pressure on David Cameron not to meet demands on Brussels for extra money.
The figures emerged in a publication from the Office for National Statistics, which showed that since 2008 the UK's payments have quadrupled, to £11.3bn.
They are likely to inflame the Eurosceptic wing of the Tory party and draw taunts from Ukip at a time when many are already angered about the EU's demands for an extra £1.7bn from Britain, which Cameron has declined to pay.
The increase in the contribution is mainly due to a £3bn rise in the payment based on the UK's total gross national income (GNI), which is linked to the member state's estimate of economic activity within a budget year relative to other EU member states. The UK's rebate increased from £3.1bn in 2012 to £3.7bn in 2013, the ONS said.
Responding to the news, the prime minister's official spokesperson said: “The prime minister's views on the EU budget are well known.  They are absolutely clear that we should be doing all we can to bring down EU spending and get control of the overall EU budget. What we achieved with the seven-year framework – which was the first ever cut in the EU's budget – is vital because that is been affects the UK's contribution.”
The net figures – which take into account the UK's rebate – show the UK's contribution to the EU was £2.7bn in 2008, rising to £3.8bn in 2009, £7.2bn in 2010, £7.5bn in 2011, £8.5bn in 2012 and £11.3bn in 2013.
Matthew Elliott, chief executive of the Business for Britain campaign group, said: “Despite David Cameron securing a historic EU budget cut, the cost of the EU to UK taxpayers continues to spiral out of control. We cannot continue to write bigger and bigger cheques to remain a member of an unreformed and uncompetitive European Union.
“Business is struggling under mounds of EU red tape and the UK economy is threatened by yet another potential eurozone recession. We must secure a new deal from Brussels and that will only be possible through a referendum.”
The prime minister has said they will not pay “anything like” the £1.7bn extra demanded by Brussels because of adjustments to its funding formula. They have, however, left the door open to a compromise where Britain would pay some of it.
Treasury sources said there were two reasons the contributions were higher than in recent years: first, the economy has been doing better than other EU member states; and second, Britain's rebate was lower than it had been under the last government.
The Treasury had predicted that Britain would pay up more like £8.6bn last year but it hugely underestimated the actual contributions.
When I deployed my Fighter Verses project a few weeks ago, I struggled deciding where and how to host it. Would it be hosted with it's own domain name? Would it be a subdomain of geoffreylessel.com? There were a few reasons I finally decided on hosting it in a subdirectory of this site (geoffreylessel.com/fighter-verses). I won't go into those specific reasons, but ease of hosting and setup is not one of them.
The easy path
I developed the small site in Phoenix. I had successfully deployed Phoenix apps to production before but they have to this point been hosted in their own domain names. I didn't foresee hosting a Phoenix app under a subdomain of a current site as a big issue, but it turned out to be a lot more trial and error than I anticipated.
One of the reasons I started writing these technical posts was so that I could remember what I had learned about the subjects that interested me. To be completely honest, I still go back and re-read some of my own posts to remind myself how I did something. I am very thankful that other people have seemed to learn a few things with me along the way.
With those things in mind, I'd like to go through the steps I needed to take to make my Phoenix app work in a current subdirectory.
We'll break this down into two major sections of configuration:
Nginx
The current setup
This blog site itself is generated with jekyll and I love how easy it is to make it work. I just upload the html files that it generates and boom, a static html site is live.
I have chosen to host the site with nginx because I'm somewhat familiar with the configuration of it and have some experience with it. It has served me well so far.
A sample of my nignx configuration pre-Phoenix app is below:
server { server_name geoffreylessel.com www.geoffreylessel.com ; listen 80 default_server ; listen [::]:80 default_server ; root /srv/www/geoffreylessel.com/htdocs ; index index.html ; location / { # First attempt to serve request as file, then # as directory, then fall back to displaying a 404. try_files $uri $uri / = 404 ; } }
This is pretty straight-forward and if you've ever set up a simple hosted site with nginx most things will look familiar. I won't go into detail about what each directive does as you can pretty easily find those topics elsewhere on the web and does not fit into the focus of this post.
Hosting a phoenix app with nginx
In order to contrast the setup for hosting within a subdirectory and hosting regularly, I'd like to walk through how to set up basic hosting of a Phoenix app with Nginx. The basic gist is to set up a proxy that passes requests through to Erlang's Cowboy server, which is what Phoenix uses as its web server.
Let's set up an example config file as if my Fighter Verses landing page were hosted on its own domain name. Since we have to give it a name in our configs, let's just call it fvlandingpagebygeo.com.
We'd start out the config file with setting an upstream proxy.
upstream fvlandingpagebygeo_phoenix { server 127.0.0.1 : 8900 }
Next, let's tell nginx to pass all the requests coming in to port 80 on our server that is asking for fvlandingpagebygeo.com on to our proxy:
server { server_name fvlandingpagebygeo.com www.fvlandingpagebygeo.com ; listen 80 default_server ; listen [::]:80 default_server ; root /srv/www/fvlandingpagebygeo.com/htdocs ; index index.html ; location / { # pass the requests on to our proxy try_files $uri @proxy ; } location @proxy { include proxy_params ; proxy_redirect off ; proxy_pass http://fvlandingpagebygeo_phoenix ; } }
Now how about that subdirectory?
Above we have one config file that sets up static html hosting and another that passes all requests on to a proxy that then routes requests to our Phoenix app. We need to combine them in order to now host that Phoenix app in a subdirectory of our static html site.
upstream fvlandingpagebygeo_phoenix { server 127.0.0.1 : 8900 } server { server_name geoffreylessel.com www.geoffreylessel.com ; listen 80 default_server ; listen [::]:80 default_server ; root /srv/www/geoffreylessel.com/htdocs ; index index.html ; location / { try_files $uri $uri / = 404 ; } location /fighter-verses { # pass the requests on to our proxy try_files $uri @proxy ; } location @proxy { include proxy_params ; proxy_redirect off ; proxy_pass http://fvlandingpagebygeo_phoenix ; } }
Now our config tells nginx to route most locations to the static html site but to treat any request coming in with /fighter-verses as special. It will pass those requests directly on to our proxy for our Phoenix app. From there, it will be up to our Phoenix app to handle the routing (as long as everything stays within that /fighter-verses subdirectory).
Phoenix
Confession
To be completely honest, it took me awhile to figure out the exact mixture of configuration needed in order to get the Phoenix app to behave correctly. In theory, the following things need to happen in order for the app to be successfully hosted in a subdirectory:
any compiled assets need to be prefixed with the subdirectory ( /fighter-verses )
) any reference to those assets needs to be prefixed with the subdirectory
all links should be prefixed with the subdirectory
It turns out that Phoenix has handlers built-in that take care of each of these issues. Let's take a look at what I had to change in order to get the subdirectory hosting working.
Static assets
In order for my static assets to be referenced from within the subdirectory, I needed to make this change in lib/fv/endpoint.ex :
lib/fv/endpoint.ex
plug Plug . Static , at: " /fighter-verses" , from: :fighter - verses , gzip: false
Originally, the line included at: "/" but we changed that. This tells the static plug that we are serving our static files beginning in our subdirectory and not from the root of the domain.
Beyond that, we also need to configure out production environment to know that we are hosting from a subdirectory as well:
config/prod.exs
config :fighter_verses , FighterVerses . Endpoint , http: [ port: { :system , " PORT" }], url: [ host: " geoffreylessel.com" , port: 80 ], cache_static_manifest: " priv/static/manifest.json" , static_url: [ path: " /fighter-verses" ], server: true , version: Mix . Project . config [ :version ]
Again, the important addition here from what is generated automatically with mix phoenix.new is the static_url key. We tell it that the path we want everything under is "/fighter-verses" .
Routing
Finally, we are going to need to change the Router to let it know that we are handling requests to our app from with the subdirectory. Here's the updated, relevant information in my web/router.ex file:
web/router.ex
scope " /fighter-verses/" , FighterVerses do pipe_through :browser # Use the default browser stack get " /" , PageController , :index get " /next" , PageController , :next get " /prev" , PageController , :prev get " /reset" , PageController , :reset end
After changing these configuration settings, any time we use *_path/2 the URL generated already has the /fighter-verses prefix. I had to go through and change all my hard-coded paths from / to use the helper (which I should have used in the first place.
Conclusion
It turns out that once you know the secret sauce of what to change, it's not that difficult to set it up in this manner. But getting to that point, to me, was rather difficult. Here are actual git commit messages as I was trying to get it working:
dcb4155 * port 80 17825e7 * remove port from prod url fa87868 * remove url 261e3b2 * change from localhost for prod d189d4e * Change static path 3ae4ea1 * Work on links 5287820 * fighterverses 7eaae1a * ? 0d8953d * ugh 463c536 * Remove static paths 691dc7b * remove root config 06e9483 * modify endpoint to server static from /fighter-verses 83dfe56 * back to static_url 189e51d * change endpoint 978df36 * Try adding a path to url 792b1d7 * Change static_url for prod
Note that this is not a post on good commit messages.
It was a bit of a trial-and-error session as everything worked locally, but I had to deploy every change to see if it worked on the live production server. Hopefully this post will keep you from having to do the same.
I'm going to provide a list of resources I consulted as I was working on getting this working. Thanks for reading and let me know if you have any questions. And as always, I'd love to hear your feedback. You can contact me on Twitter at @geolessel or in the Elixir Slack group at @geo.
And finally, please sign up for my mailing list below. I have a few cool things rattling around in my mind that, if they ever come into existance, I'd love to let you know about.
Resources
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 9, 2016, 2:44 PM GMT / Updated April 9, 2016, 2:44 PM GMT By Connor Mannion
A Texas high school teacher was arrested Friday after video emerged online of them repeatedly slapping a student in the back of the head.
The nine-second video posted on Twitter appears to show Mary Hastings, a teacher at Ozen High School in Beaumont, striking a student five times while yelling at them about a disruption, calling them an "idiot ass." It was not clear exactly what preceded the action.
Mary A. Hastings, a 63-year-old teacher at Ozen High School, was arrested for assault after video surfaced of their hititng a student in their math class. Courtesy Jefferson County
Hastings then appears to mock the student's crying following the repeated hits.
They were arrested on one charge of assault and released on bail, according to the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
The school said it placed them on administrative leave, and the school district said in a statement that they do not condone and won't tolerate employees abusing a child.
Hastings could not immediately be reached for comment.
Several civil rights groups want the Iowa Supreme Court to ban law officers from pulling over people for minor offenses. The ACLU of Iowa, Iowa-Nebraska Conference of the NAACP, League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) of Iowa, and 1,000 Kids for Iowa say the practice unfairly targets African Americans.
Linn and Black Hawk County Sheriff's Offices, as well as Cedar Rapids and Waterloo Police Departments, are highlighted in the brief. It says in Waterloo, African Americans make up close to 38 percent of traffic stops. And in Linn County, officers are 25 percent more likely to cite an African American than a person who is white.
The civil rights groups specifically referenced when a Cedar Rapids Police officer pulled over Jerime Mitchell for a burned out license plate light. In November of last year, the traffic stop turned into some sort of alternation. Mitchell drove away with the officer caught in their vehicle's door. Officer Lucas fired their gun, hitting Mitchell in the neck, paralyzing him.
A MAN who allegedly held a knife to a woman's neck after being found asleep inside a Donvale home has been arrested and charged by police.
An 18-year-old man from Hampton Park was arrested in relation to the burglary in Donvale.
Mel and Tony Christensen returned to their Heads Road home about 11am December 29 to find a bed dragged into a living room and a shirtless man asleep in it under a doona.
media_camera A burglar was caught napping in bed. Pictures: Victoria Police
Mrs Christensen said the man then threw off the doona and produced a large knife.
They have been interviewed and charged with burglary, criminal damage, assault with a weapon and threatening to inflict serious injury.
They will face an out of sessions hearing shortly.
Police would like to thank the public for their assistance.
Bilal Saab makes the case for a more precise use of the term ally:
The word “ally” is used far too casually in Washington's Middle East lexicon. It's time to break this bad habit, because the truth is that with the exception of Turkey—a NATO member—the United States does not share a single alliance with any Middle Eastern country.
I agree, and when writing about states in the region I try to avoid referring to client states as allies. For one thing, calling these states allies creates the false impression that our commitments to them are equal to the commitments made to genuine treaty allies. While it may be flattering to these states to call them allies, the term implies that the U.S. is obliged to aid and defend them when the U.S. has no such obligations. It also allows supporters of the different client states here in the U.S. to put the concerns of clients ahead of those of actual allied governments. We saw during the debate over the nuclear deal how misleading this can be. Several of our treaty allies were working with the U.S. to negotiate the deal, and some regional client governments were opposed to the agreement, and opponents of the deal here at home claimed that the administration was ignoring or betraying our “allies” when they were the ones doing exactly that.
Saab continues:
That Washington so frequently mischaracterizes its bonds with Middle Eastern capitals does great disservice to them, to their own expectations from the United States, and to U.S. policies toward the region. It also unnecessarily aggravates nations with which the United States has real alliances.
Israel and Saudi Arabia are the most obvious examples of how inflating the significance of a relationship with a client state can lead to significant distortions in the relationship. Constantly referring to clients as allies inflates their sense of their own importance to Washington, and that makes them both more demanding and less cooperative. This also has harmful effects on how U.S. policies in the region are framed and debated. When a stated U.S. policy is at odds with the preferences of one or more regional clients, opponents of that policy often treat the clients' interests as if they should take precedence over our own, and pretending that clients are allies helps them to do that.
More important, referring to them as allies makes our relationships with client states seem more permanent and vital to our interests than they are. However important our formal alliances in Europe and Asia are, these client relationships are much less important to our security, and our obligations to these states are fewer and less significant. Our government should adjust how it talks about these relationships accordingly.
Donald Trump speaks with Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) after a rally in San Diego during the election campaign. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
President Trump had harsh words for one of their most fervent opponents during the pre-Super Bowl interview with Fox News's Bill O'Reilly that aired Sunday. Not President Vladimir Putin, mind you, whose alleged unpleasant habit of murdering journalists met with a shrug from the president. No, Trump lashed out at the nation's largest state, California.
“I just spent the week in California,” O'Reilly said. “As you know, they are now voting on whether they should become a sanctuary state. So California and the U.S.A. are on a collision course. How do you see it?”
“Well, I think it's ridiculous,” Trump replied. “Sanctuary cities, as you know I'm very much opposed to sanctuary cities. They breed crime, there are a lot of problems. We have to well defund, we give tremendous amounts of money to California. . . . California in many ways is out of control, as you know. Obviously the voters agree or otherwise they wouldn't have voted for me.”
“So defunding is your weapon of choice?” O'Reilly asked.
“A weapon. I don't want to defund the state,” Trump said. “I don't want to defund anybody. I want to give them the money they need to properly operate as a city or a state. If they're going to have sanctuary cities, we may have to do that. Certainly that would be a weapon.”
Sanctuary laws received national attention in July 2015 after an illegal immigrant with prior deportations and a criminal history pleaded not guilty to murdering a woman at a San Francisco pier. President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities. Here's what they are. (Jayne W. Orenstein and Osman Malik/The Washington Post)
We'll note first of all that sanctuary cities do not “breed crime.” Analysis of FBI data shows that crime in sanctuary cities is generally lower than in non-sanctuary cities. But that's beside the point.
More importantly, Trump says two things. First, that California is “out of control.” Second, that they don't want to yank federal funding from the state, but they will if they have to.
California is one of the few states where federal funding isn't that great a point of leverage. In 2015, California generated $405 billion in tax revenue, more than $100 billion more than the next-closest state. It consumes a lot of federal funding, too, mind you. But data from the Pew Charitable Trusts for 2014 compared to 2014 IRS data shows that California gives the federal government more than it takes.
Eight states give more, on net, to the federal government than California. Most states take more than they generate in taxes.
What's more, data from the Tax Foundation indicates that federal funding makes up far less of California's total state revenue than most other states'. It's 43rd in that regard, with about 26 percent of revenue coming from D.C. That's still a substantial portion, but California's in a much stronger position to negotiate than most places.
It's not clear why Trump says that California is “out of control.” If he's talking about the state's finances, California is in a much stronger position than it was five years ago. After massive deficits in the 2011-2012 fiscal year, the state has consistently operated in the black. Gov. Jerry Brown (D) recently warned that the state might operate at a deficit in 2017-2018, but relative to past deficits, the projection is fairly small. If, however, Trump is saying California is out of control in regards to their go-to metric, crime, the state is very much in control.
We need to step back from this, though, and recognize the broader context.
Trump is mad about California because voters there overwhelmingly rejected Trump in November. Trump supporters have repeatedly tried to affix an “except California” asterisk to the popular vote result since, were it not for California, Trump would have prevailed on that metric. Saying “except California” has the tricky flaw of equaling “except for 12 percent of the American population,” but, hey, it's politics.
Trump hasn't said “except California,” except to suggest repeatedly that perhaps the 4 million-plus margin by which they lost the state includes perhaps millions of fraudulent votes. There's no evidence of this whatsoever. He's also claimed that they intentionally didn't campaign in California because only the electoral vote mattered. Hillary Clinton didn't campaign there, either, but it doesn't seem to have hurt them much.
The University of California at Berkeley canceled a talk by inflammatory Breitbart writer Milo Yiannopoulos and put the campus on lockdown after intense protests broke out on Feb. 1. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Last week, Trump's war with California took the form of attacking its public college system. After violent protests erupted on the campus of U.C. Berkeley, Trump suggested that they would pull funding from the school, which a) punishes the wrong party, since it wasn't as though the school asked people to riot and b) can't be done by executive order anyway.
For its part, there's a movement in California to secede from the United States. Supporters of the idea are collecting petitions to get it on the ballot in the state in 2018, which, if passed, would have the effect of doing basically nothing. (We've been through this attempt-to-secede thing before; it ended poorly.) When Barack Obama won reelection in 2012, there was a briefly similar effort by the biggest red state, Texas. It didn't get anywhere, either.
On Monday, The Washington Post reported that the most visible manifestation of the California economy — the tech industry — had broadly united to file a joint amicus brief in opposition to Trump's executive order on immigration. The tech industry employs a lot of immigrants to the United States, so there's clearly a business motivation to take such a stand.
So this is the Cold Civil War that's erupted. Trump threatens California's funding; California threatens to pack up and go. Neither is likely to happen. But still — if you predicted that a president's relationship with the Golden State would be rockier than their relationship with Russia, I'd like to ask your help with some lottery numbers.
The beginnings of books are tricky things. I recently finished reading Kendare Blake's Three Dark Crowns, which I really enjoyed. It was fresh and I knew from the first page what I was getting into. Now it's time to move on to the next book on the to-be-read list, and I find myself trying to pick the one that clicks*.
We've all been there. The book hangover. The last one was so good it makes it hard to dive into something new. I often find myself reading the first few pages of four or five books in these moments trying to find the one that sings “now is the time” and beckons me to ignore all responsibilities and read.
What's especially funny about this, is that as a writer I know getting those opening words right is so vital. It doesn't matter if the book goes gangbusters amazing on page 10, if page one doesn't suck you in. I love seeing visceral openings that tell me exactly what I'm in for (even if I don't fully understand the emotional impact of the words until I hit the end).
What do I mean? Take a look at these great ones (all from novels I would recommend).
OPENING LINES TO
CURE YOUR BOOK HANGOVER
“It was the morning of my twenty-fifth birthday, and all I wanted was a decent cup of coffee, a hot breakfast, and a couple hours away from the stink of used magic that seeped through the walls of my apartment building every time it rained.” – Magic to the Bone by Devon Monk
“Ingrid hated their shoes with the same unholy passion they hated corsets, chewing tobacco, and men who clipped their fingernails in public.” – Breath of Earth by Beth Cato
“It was just another fucked-up night in the Cauldron.” – Dirty Magic by Jaye Wells
“They hung the Unregistereds in the old warehouse district; it was a public execution, so everyone went to see.” – The Immoral Rules by Julie Kagawa
“Our story opens where countless stories have ended in the last twenty-seven years: with an idiot—in this case, Rebecca Atherton, head of the After the End Times Irwins, winner of the Golden Steve-o Award for valor in the face of the undead—deciding it would be a good idea to go out and poke a zombie with a stick to see what happens.” – Deadline by Mira Grant
“If you live in the dark long enough, you start to forget what light looks like.” – Shadow Bound by Rachel Vincent
“I think I killed a girl who looked like this once.” – Girl of Nightmares by Kendare Blake
“I was sitting at my usual stool at Big Lily's, talking with Odd Dupree about their troubles down at the plant, when something big and stupid came crashing through the front door.” – Windswept by Adam Rakunas
“You might pass through the town of Midnight without noticing it, if there weren't a stoplight at the intersection of Witch Light Road and the Davy highway.” – Midnight Crossroad by Charlaine Harris
“Had the man in front them not already been dead, Chess probably would have tried to kill him. Damned ghosts.” – Unholy Ghosts by Stacia Kane
“The screw through Cinder's ankle had rusted, the engraved cross marks worn to a mangled circle.” – Cinder by Marissa Meyer
“Statistics say that most mortals sell their souls for five reasons: sex, money, power, revenge, and love. In that order.” – Succubus Blues by Richelle Mead
These opening lines make me want to read more. They set the tone, the expectations, and from each of those little snippets I was hooked. What opening lines hooked you? Did the beginning of the book you're currently reading snare you, or did you give it a few pages to bring the hook?
Oh, and because my book comes out in a little over four weeks, I'm obligated to give you the opening line of Borrowed Souls:
* For the record, I did in fact find another consuming read. Ann Aguirre's The Leopard King is so good. Emotionally complex and sexy-sexy. Highly recommended.
The terrible toll of making divorce easier: Children are more likely to be violent, take drugs and have underage sex
Divorce has a major effect on every facet of a child's later life
Relaxation of divorce laws have seen the number of broken homes increase
Worrying: The impact of divorce can lead children to go off the rails in a number of ways (picture posed by model)
Children who encounter family break-up are far more likely to be violent, unhappy and feel unfulfilled throughout their lives, according to an NHS study.
Researchers found that the turmoil endured by youngsters has a crucial influence on nearly every facet of their later life.
A cross-section of 1,500 people were asked if they had faced a range of 11 circumstances, known as adverse childhood experiences (ACEs), covering abuse, family break-up, being raised with domestic violence and drink or drug addiction.
Coupled with details of their current lives, the research revealed the legacy of broken homes appears to weigh more heavily than any other factor, as among the worst affected group – those with four or more ACEs – two thirds had seen their parents go their separate ways, compared with an average of 24 per cent.
The chances of suffering a difficult childhood leapt for those born after 1971, when the law changed to make divorce easier. This generation was found to be significantly more likely to smoke, drink heavily, take drugs, fight, be mentally ill and have sex underage.
Norman Wells of the Family Education Trust, a campaign group which researches the causes and consequences of family breakdown, said: ‘Casting aside traditional patterns of family life carries a high price tag in terms of the health, education and employment prospects of the next generation.
‘The relaxation of divorce laws – along with the increasing proportion of births outside marriage – has resulted in a growing number of children lacking the benefit of being raised by both their natural parents in a stable unit.'
The report – a joint venture between Liverpool John Moores University and the NHS – found that 47 per cent of those questioned had been on the end of at least one bad childhood experience, and that adult life became tougher with each one added.
It revealed that those with four or more ACEs were – compared to someone with none – twice as likely to have had sex underage, eat next to no fruit and vegetables, have no qualifications, break a bone or have an extended stay in hospital.
BANKS 'FAIL WOMEN AFTER MARRIAGE ENDS' Women are getting into debt because banks refuse to stop ex-husbands raiding their joint accounts.
The Financial Ombudsman Service receives over 1,000 complaints a year from women pushed into the red by their former partners.
Although men can also be at risk, the problem is more acute for women because they tend to stay at the address of the joint bank account.
Banks are supposed to freeze joint accounts if they are told a relationship has broken down.
However in many cases, branch staff fail to do so because they are poorly trained and unaware of the rules. Instead women are told they must get their former partner's written permission to close the account – often leaving them powerless if their ex refuses.
Sarah Pennells of the SavvyWoman website said: ‘Women are also more likely to be pursued for the debt after a break-up because they tend to stay in the family home if they have children, which is the contact address the bank will have.'
A Financial Ombudsman Service spokesperson said banks could be ordered to pay compensation if they refuse a request to freeze an account and money is then snatched by an angry ex-partner.
They were also three times as likely to have poor mental health, no job and be morbidly obese; four times as likely to be involved in a teenage pregnancy, smoke or drink heavily; five times as likely to be dissatisfied with their life, use cannabis or have been assaulted in the past year.
For those with four or more ACEs, the odds increased markedly for facing recent violence (eight times greater); spending time in custody (nine times); using heroin or crack cocaine (ten times) and contracting a sexually transmitted disease (30 times).
Professor Mark Bellis, the report's lead author, said: ‘We were surprised at just how pervasive the effects of early years experiences really are. These results underline the critical importance of a person's start in life.
"If we, as a society, can get the early years right for children then we can have a positive effect on practically every aspect of their later lives.
‘If we can understand why problems occur, we stand a better chance of preventing them happening in the first place.'
Professor Bellis added: ‘Our figures also point strongly towards there being vicious cycles in lifestyles and behaviour. Individuals born into problematic situations are growing up perpetrating the same problems as adults because they, too, find it difficult to cope with being a parent.
‘But you only have to break that cycle once and the family can then maintain itself.'
The Divorce Reform Act 1969 – which came into force in 1971 – allowed couples to end a marriage simply because they were no longer on good terms. Previously, one of the parties had to prove the other half had been at fault.
The annual number of divorces more than doubled between 1970 and 1972 from 58,000 to 119,000 and the figure peaked at 165,000 in 1993.
Last night, the Government refused to comment on the report. A Department of Health spokesperson said: ‘We are spending over £50million to make more psychological therapies available to children so they don't suffer in silence.'
Demba Ba, international soccer star and guiding light of San Diego's NASL expansion team, chats with Katy Temple and SoccerNation's Dike Anyiwo in Voice of San Diego's podcast studio. They go in depth about what sparked their life project and the close knit friend group behind it all.
Demba illustrates for listeners what their upbringing looked like, shares their values and how they plan to infuse the new club in San Diego with a culture that truly reflects both the founders and the community.
“I know that down the road you want to develop an Academy and complete this passion project – not only build a team but develop these players,” Temple says to Ba. “What is it that you would like them most to know about soccer and passion?”
“We are going to build the Academy down the road. It's going to take a few years probably, but we don't have a problem with that. We're going to be here for a long time,” Ba says. “And what we want to develop, what we want to give them is – before they are football players, they are men. They need to grow and they need to have values…We want to teach them how to play soccer, for sure, but how to be a good man as well. This is one of the most important things, at least for me and for the group of guys who are behind me, because football is 15, 20 years. And your life is way longer than that.”
The announcement was just the beginning. Stay tuned, San Diego.
TypeScript 2.3 introduced a new --downlevelIteration flag that adds full support for the ES2015 iteration protocol for ES3 and ES5 targets. for...of -loops can now be downlevel-compiled with correct semantics.
Iterating over Arrays Using for...of
Let's assume this brief tsconfig.json file for the following TypeScript code examples. The only option we configure in the beginning is our ECMAScript language target — in this case, ES5:
{ "compilerOptions": { "target": "es5" } }
Check out the following index.ts file. Nothing fancy, just an array of numbers and an ES2015 for...of -loop that iterates over the array and outputs every number:
const numbers = [4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42]; for (const number of numbers) { console.log(number); }
We can execute the index.ts file directly without running it through the TypeScript compiler first because it doesn't contain any TypeScript-specific syntax:
$ node index.ts 4 8 15 16 23 42
Let's now compile the index.ts file into index.js :
$ tsc -p .
Looking at the emitted JavaScript code, we can see that the TypeScript compiler generated a traditional index-based for -loop to iterate over the array:
var numbers = [4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42]; for (var _i = 0, numbers_1 = numbers; _i < numbers_1.length; _i++) { var number = numbers_1[_i]; console.log(number); }
If we run this code, we can quickly see that it works as intended:
$ node index.js 4 8 15 16 23 42
The observable output of running node index.ts and node.index.js is identical, just as it should be. This means we haven't changed the behavior of the program by running it through the TypeScript compiler. Good!
Iterating over Strings Using for...of
Here's another for...of -loop. This time, we're iterating over a string rather than an array:
const text = "Booh! 👻"; for (const char of text) { console.log(char); }
Again, we can run node index.ts directly because our code only uses ES2015 syntax and nothing specific to TypeScript. Here's the output:
$ node index.ts B o o h ! 👻
Now it's time to compile index.ts to index.js again. When targeting ES3 or ES5, the TypeScript compiler will happily generate an index-based for -loop for the above code:
var text = "Booh! 👻"; for (var _i = 0, text_1 = text; _i < text_1.length; _i++) { var char = text_1[_i]; console.log(char); }
Unfortunately, the emitted JavaScript code behaves observably differently from the original TypeScript version:
$ node index.js B o o h ! � �
The ghost emoji — or the code point U+1F47B , to be more precise — consists of the two code units U+D83D and U+DC7B . Because indexing into a string returns the code unit (rather than the code point) at that index, the emitted for -loop breaks up the ghost emoji into its individual code units.
On the other hand, the string iteration protocol iterates over each code point of the string. This is why the output of the two programs differs. You can convince yourself of the difference by comparing the length property of the string and the length of the sequence produced by the string iterator:
const ghostEmoji = "\u{1F47B}"; console.log(ghostEmoji.length); // 2 console.log([...ghostEmoji].length); // 1
Long story short: iterating over strings using a for...of -loop doesn't always work correctly when targeting ES3 or ES5. This is where the new --downlevelIteration flag introduced with TypeScript 2.3 comes into play.
The --downlevelIteration Flag
Here's our index.ts from before again:
const text = "Booh! 👻"; for (const char of text) { console.log(char); }
Let's now modify our tsconfig.json file and set the new downlevelIteration compiler option to true :
{ "compilerOptions": { "target": "es5", "downlevelIteration": true } }
If we run the compiler again, the following JavaScript code is emitted:
var __values = (this && this.__values) || function (o) { var m = typeof Symbol === "function" && o[Symbol.iterator], i = 0; if (m) return m.call(o); return { next: function () { if (o && i >= o.length) o = void 0; return { value: o && o[i++], done: !o }; } }; }; var text = "Booh! 👻"; try { for (var text_1 = __values(text), text_1_1 = text_1.next(); !text_1_1.done; text_1_1 = text_1.next()) { var char = text_1_1.value; console.log(char); } } catch (e_1_1) { e_1 = { error: e_1_1 }; } finally { try { if (text_1_1 && !text_1_1.done && (_a = text_1.return)) _a.call(text_1); } finally { if (e_1) throw e_1.error; } } var e_1, _a;
As you can see, the generated code is a lot more elaborate than a simple for -loop. This is because it contains a proper implementation of the iteration protocol:
The __values helper function looks for a [Symbol.iterator] method and calls it if it was found. If not, it creates a synthetic array iterator over the object instead.
helper function looks for a method and calls it if it was found. If not, it creates a synthetic array iterator over the object instead. Instead of iterating over each code unit, the for -loop calls the iterator's next() method until it is exhausted, in which case done is true .
-loop calls the iterator's method until it is exhausted, in which case is . To implement the iteration protocol according to the ECMAScript specification, try / catch / finally blocks are generated for proper error handling.
If we now execute the index.js file again, we get the correct output:
$ node index.js B o o h ! 👻
Note that you still need a shim for Symbol.iterator if your code is executed in an environment that doesn't natively define this symbol, e.g. an ES5 environment. If Symbol.iterator is not defined, the __values helper function will be forced to create a synthetic array iterator that doesn't follow the proper iteration protocol.
Using Downlevel Iteration with ES2015 Collections
ES2015 added new collection types such as Map and Set to the standard library. In this section, I want to look at how to iterate over a Map using a for...of -loop.
In the following example, I create a mapping from numeric digits to their respective English names. I initialize a Map with ten key-value pairs (represented as two-element arrays) in the constructor. Afterwards, I use a for...of -loop and an array destructuring pattern to decompose the key-value pairs into digit and name :
const digits = new Map([ [0, "zero"], [1, "one"], [2, "two"], [3, "three"], [4, "four"], [5, "five"], [6, "six"], [7, "seven"], [8, "eight"], [9, "nine"] ]); for (const [digit, name] of digits) { console.log(`${digit} -> ${name}`); }
This is perfectly valid ES2015 code which runs as expected:
$ node index.ts 0 -> zero 1 -> one 2 -> two 3 -> three 4 -> four 5 -> five 6 -> six 7 -> seven 8 -> eight 9 -> nine
However, the TypeScript compiler is unhappy, saying that it cannot find Map :
This is because we're targeting ES5, which doesn't implement the Map collection. How would we make this code compile, assuming we have provided a polyfill for Map so that the program works at run-time?
The solution is to add the "es2015.collection" and "es2015.iterable" values to the lib option within our tsconfig.json file. This tells the TypeScript compiler that it can assume to find ES2015 collection implementations and the Symbol.iterator symbol at run-time. Once you explicitly specify the lib option, however, its defaults no longer apply. Therefore, you should add "dom" and "es5" in there as well so that you can access other standard library methods.
Here's the resulting tsconfig.json :
{ "compilerOptions": { "target": "es5", "downlevelIteration": true, "lib": [ "dom", "es5", "es2015.collection", "es2015.iterable" ] } }
Now, the TypeScript compiler no longer complains and emits the following JavaScript code:
var __values = (this && this.__values) || function (o) { var m = typeof Symbol === "function" && o[Symbol.iterator], i = 0; if (m) return m.call(o); return { next: function () { if (o && i >= o.length) o = void 0; return { value: o && o[i++], done: !o }; } }; }; var __read = (this && this.__read) || function (o, n) { var m = typeof Symbol === "function" && o[Symbol.iterator]; if (!m) return o; var i = m.call(o), r, ar = [], e; try { while ((n === void 0 || n-- > 0) && !(r = i.next()).done) ar.push(r.value); } catch (error) { e = { error: error }; } finally { try { if (r && !r.done && (m = i["return"])) m.call(i); } finally { if (e) throw e.error; } } return ar; }; var digits = new Map([ [0, "zero"], [1, "one"], [2, "two"], [3, "three"], [4, "four"], [5, "five"], [6, "six"], [7, "seven"], [8, "eight"], [9, "nine"] ]); try { for (var digits_1 = __values(digits), digits_1_1 = digits_1.next(); !digits_1_1.done; digits_1_1 = digits_1.next()) { var _a = __read(digits_1_1.value, 2), digit = _a[0], name_1 = _a[1]; console.log(digit + " -> " + name_1); } } catch (e_1_1) { e_1 = { error: e_1_1 }; } finally { try { if (digits_1_1 && !digits_1_1.done && (_b = digits_1.return)) _b.call(digits_1); } finally { if (e_1) throw e_1.error; } } var e_1, _b;
Try it out for yourself — this code prints the correct output.
There's one more thing we should take care of, though. The generated JavaScript code now includes two helper functions, __values and __read , which significantly blow up the code size. Let's try to bring that down.
Reducing Code Size with --importHelpers and tslib
In the code example above, the __values and __read helper functions were inlined into the resulting JavaScript code. This is unfortunate if you're compiling a TypeScript project with multiple files. Every emitted JavaScript file will contain all helpers necessary to execute that file, resulting in much bigger code!
In a typical project setup, you'll use a bundler such as webpack to bundle together all your modules. The bundle that webpack generates will be unnecessarily big if it contains a helper function more than once.
The solution is to use the --importHelpers compiler option and the tslib npm package. When specified, --importHelpers will cause the TypeScript compiler to import all helpers from tslib . Bundlers like webpack can then inline that npm package only once, avoiding code duplication.
To demonstrate the effect of --importHelpers , I'll first turn our index.ts file into a module by exporting a function from it:
const digits = new Map([ [0, "zero"], [1, "one"], [2, "two"], [3, "three"], [4, "four"], [5, "five"], [6, "six"], [7, "seven"], [8, "eight"], [9, "nine"] ]); export function printDigits() { for (const [digit, name] of digits) { console.log(`${digit} -> ${name}`); } }
Now we need to modify our compiler configuration and set importHelpers to true . Here's our final tsconfig.json file:
{ "compilerOptions": { "target": "es5", "downlevelIteration": true, "importHelpers": true, "lib": [ "dom", "es5", "es2015.collection", "es2015.iterable" ] } }
This is what the resulting JavaScript code looks like after running it through the compiler:
"use strict"; Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", { value: true }); var tslib_1 = require("tslib"); var digits = new Map([ [0, "zero"], [1, "one"], [2, "two"], [3, "three"], [4, "four"], [5, "five"], [6, "six"], [7, "seven"], [8, "eight"], [9, "nine"] ]); function printDigits() { try { for (var digits_1 = tslib_1.__values(digits), digits_1_1 = digits_1.next(); !digits_1_1.done; digits_1_1 = digits_1.next()) { var _a = tslib_1.__read(digits_1_1.value, 2), digit = _a[0], name_1 = _a[1]; console.log(digit + " -> " + name_1); } } catch (e_1_1) { e_1 = { error: e_1_1 }; } finally { try { if (digits_1_1 && !digits_1_1.done && (_b = digits_1.return)) _b.call(digits_1); } finally { if (e_1) throw e_1.error; } } var e_1, _b; } exports.printDigits = printDigits;
Notice that the code no longer contains inlined helper functions. Instead, the tslib package is required at the beginning.
THE AFL is proposing to pay the majority of players in the inaugural national women's league $5000 in their debut season.
Pre-season for the NWL starts in November before the eight-week competition kicks off in February.
The Herald Sun reported in May the two marquee players at each club would earn $25,000 and can now reveal the proposed payment scale for remaining signings:
MARQUEES will be paid a confirmed $10,000 marketing component and proposed $15,000 playing fee.
PRIORITY pre-signings — one at each Victorian club — will command a proposed $10,000.
HIGH draft selections — possibly four at each club — are also on the $10,000 mark.
REMAINING players would receive the minimum $5000.
Collingwood marquee Moana Hope kicked 100 goals this season. Picture: Mark Dadswell Source: News Corp Australia
Brisbane Lions marquee Tayla Harris. Picture: Jono Searle. Source: News Corp Australia
Private health insurance isn't included in the proposal, meaning players could have to shell out thousands for cover, eating into their wage.
That cost could be defrayed by deals brokered by the AFL with insurance companies.
Victorian clubs can pre-sign one player who has an association with the club with Collingwood (Meg Hutchins), Carlton (Lauren Arnell) and Western Bulldogs (Emma Kearney) already making their move.
Adelaide and Brisbane have two priority picks while GWS can sign four.
Players will sign an employment contract based on an hourly rate of pay, which means there will be restrictions on how much time players can spend at their club each week.
Players could be limited to nine contact hours a week outside match day, which could equate to three training sessions.
Adelaide Crows marquee players Chelsea Randall and Kellie Gibson. Picture: Mark Brake Source: News Corp Australia
Clubs are frustrated by the time limits and want clarity on issues such as pre-season camps.
They also want access to their players straight after the draft, which is expected to be held on October 12, rather than waiting until November.
The players will be required to do 20 hours of appearances and marketing duties for the AFL as part of the basic contract.
While the AFL is funding wages and travel, clubs are covering other costs which are believed to be upwards of $400,000.
The new league's top talent will be on show on Saturday night when Western Bulldogs play Melbourne in an all-stars game at Whitten Oval.
WOMEN”S ALL-STARS
Western Bulldogs v Melbourne
Whitten Oval, 7.10pm, Saturday
LIVE ON FOX FOOTY
A few months ago I wrote about using CyanogenMOD along with a number of security tools to try to limit the amount of spying the NSA can do on your phone. Sure, some things you can't prevent. Things like the NSA capturing your cell phone location information from towers and such, but my article should have been able to prevent anything from Google (Complicit in the PRISM program) from sending your information to the NSA.
Well I just upgraded my phone to CyangogenMOD 10.2.0 and after the upgrade I went to check my version to ensure the upgrade went okay and I noticed the following:
As part of its Information Assurance mission, the National Security Agency has long been involved with the computer security research community in investigating a wide range of computer security topics including operating system security. Recognizing the critical role of operating system security mechanisms in supporting security at higher levels, researchers from NSA's Trusted Systems Research Group, formerly the National Information Assurance Research Laboratory, have been investigating an architecture that can provide the necessary security functionality in a manner that can meet the security needs of a wide range of computing environments.
SELinux is not a backdoor for government agencies to spy on you. It is not PRISM, PROMIS, CARNIVORE, The Great Firewall or any other ominous Big Brother-like initiative.
Yes, you saw that correctly. CyanogenMOD ships with SELinux installed by default. You are probably saying, "If you've never heard of SELinux here is a description from the NSA's website (NSA is the creator of SELinux):That architecture is SELinux. That's right, the very people I was trying to protect against makes some of the software! That means a very REAL possibility of a backdoor in CyanogenMOD!Of course CyanogenMOD says this about SELinux Oh really CyanogenMOD? Why do you say that? Because the NSA told you so, and they have been so trustworthy lately? Nonsense!No, if CyanogenMOD really wanted to protect user's data they would scrap SELinux, and go for a true open source alternative like AppArmor I guess there really is no good way to try and prevent NSA spying on your personal devices. Not when the NSA is collaborating with most smartphone manufacturers. The only real option is to wait on Ubuntu phones to hit the market. Hopefully that will come to the market sooner rather than later.
Law enforcement: Holritch Rivette was a Seminole County Sheriff's Office deputy for six months when authorities apprehended them Saturday
A Florida deputy has been accused of sexually battering and molesting a teenage girl.
Holritch Rivette was a Seminole County Sheriff's Office deputy for six months when authorities apprehended them Saturday, WESH reported.
The 33-year-old now faces three felony counts of lewd or lascivious battery, and two felony counts of lewd or lascivious molestation, according to the television station.
Seminole County Sheriff's Office (SCSO) spokesperson Kristen Bentsen told WESH 'He was terminated once we learned of their arrest, they were actually served with termination papers during their booking process.
'He was on probationary status with us, as they started on 9/30/2014 as a Deputy Sheriff.'
The Orange County Sheriff's Office (OSCO) arrested Rivette, OSCO spokesperson Jane Watrel told WESH.
Watrel told the television station 'Our investigators did a very thorough job at looking at what the young woman was saying.
'They believed her, they found proof, and they filed some very serious charges against this individual.'
Scroll down for video
Alleged abuse: A teenage girl claimed Rivette engaged in intercourse with them over a twelve-month period
The SCSO sent Daily Mail Online a statement on Tuesday, which said 'Orange County S.O. arrested Deputy Holritch Rivette on lewd battery on a child age 12 to 14 charges over the weekend. Once our agency was aware of OCSO's investigation, Rivette was immediately put on administrative leave. They were terminated once we learned of their arrest, they were actually served with termination papers during their booking process.
'He was on probationary status with us, as they started on 09/30/2014 as a Deputy Sheriff. They were still in training.'
An OSCO incident report obtained by Daily Mail Online said the girl told investigators the abuse lasted 'from the time they were thirteen years old to fourteen years old.'
According to the incident report, they told authorities the most recent incident took place March 2014.
The report said the girl told authorities 'he would offer to buy their clothing in exchange for sex.'
WESH reported that Rivette is out on bond and denied the sexual contact in court documents.
On their Facebook profile, Rivette has written in multiple photo captions that they served in the Marine Corps.
Phoenix / January 3, 2013 — The U.S. Fish and Wildlife designated yesterday 208,973 acres, along 1,227 miles of river, in six states, as protected critical habitat for endangered southwestern willow flycatchers.
The decision is a response to litigation by the Center for Biological Diversity. The protected habitat was established in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado, Utah and Nevada, along several well-known rivers, including the Rio Grande, Gila, Virgin, Santa Ana, San Diego and others.
The southwestern willow flycatcher is a small, rare, neotropical, migrant songbird that depend on desert rivers to survive. It breeds streamside forests of Southern California, southern Nevada, southern Utah, Arizona and New Mexico. Within this range, the flycatcher has lost more than 90 percent of its habitat to dams, water withdrawal, livestock grazing, urban sprawl and other causes.
“Protection of critical habitat for this tiny, unique bird could make a crucial difference to its survival, and also gives urgently needed help to the Southwest's beleaguered rivers,” said Noah Greenwald, the Center's endangered species director. “For all of us who love our desert rivers, this protection is great news.”
This is the third designation of critical habitat for the flycatcher. The first designation (599 river miles in 1997) was challenged by the New Mexico Cattle Growers' Association, resulting in protection of more miles rather than fewer (730 miles in 2005) by the Bush administration. The Center challenged this designation, arguing that it failed to consider hundreds of miles of rivers identified in a scientific recovery plan for the flycatcher. That challenge resulted in today's designation of 1,227 miles of river as protected habitat.
“Like so many desert plants and animals, southwestern willow flycatchers have suffered from the wanton destruction of rivers by livestock grazing, mining, urban sprawl and overuse,” said Greenwald. “We have to take better care of our rivers.”
Although a dramatic improvement over previous designations, today's designation excluded hundreds of miles of river habitat from the August 2011 proposal of 2,090 miles of river based on existing management in habitat conservation plans. The Center will be looking closely at each of these exclusions to determine if the recovery of the flycatcher was properly considered.
Flycatchers were listed as an endangered species in 1995 in response to a petition from the Center. According to a 2007 survey, there are roughly 1,299 territories spread across the species' range, with substantial populations on the upper Gila River and middle Rio Grande in New Mexico; Roosevelt Lake and the lower San Pedro in Arizona; and numerous scattered locations in California.
For more information on the controversy over flycatchers and the protection of their habitat, please go here.
Source: Center for Biological Diversity (press release)
– They get in your face about what many shies away from.
Leah Vernon calls themselves a body positive activist, plus-sized model, Muslim feminist and writer. The 30-year-old Detroit resident recently released a YouTube video with a hashtag “Body Project” that shows them dancing through the streets of the city.
They begin their video with the question, “Do I make you uncomfortable?”
“I'm fat, I'm black, and I'm very visibly Muslim, this is going to make some people angry, and it's going to empower some,” Vernon told WWJ Newsradio 950's Zahra Huber.
Vernon had some doubts before making the video, as they knew that they would receive a lot of negative comments. They changed their mind, and decided they wanted to “show people stuff that's never been done before, by a person who looks like me. I'm going to be super true, super raw, super high-fashioned with it, to basically make you see it,” said Vernon.
They admitted that they lacked self-confidence, even sometimes hated herself, what they looked like and who they are.
But Vernon came to a realization: “Yeah you're fat, yeah you're black, and yeah you're Muslim, but that shouldn't stop you from trying to live your life. I think that's what body positivity is about, about living your best life, in your body that you have NOW.”
They hope their video makes a positive impact on people: “What I want viewers to get from my video is to be yourself, unapologetically. Not fear how other people view you, and not necessarily try to always seek validation from other people, because we have to validate ourselves first.”
Follow their blog at this link.
One day, Bill Bennett may be best remembered for saying (in 1987, while they were President Reagan's education secretary) that government student aid was largely responsible for the fact that the cost of going to college kept rising. What is called the “Bennett Hypothesis” has been heavily debated ever since.
A recent report by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York lends support to the Bennett Hypothesis.
Authors David Lucca, Taylor Nadauld, and Karen Shen employed sophisticated statistical techniques to analyze the effects of the increasing availability of federal aid to undergraduates between 2008 and 2010. They conclude the institutions that were most exposed to the increases “experienced disproportionate tuition increases.”
By the authors' calculation, there is about a 65 percent pass-through effect on federal student loans. In other words, for every $3 increase in such loans, colleges and universities raise tuition by $2.
It is very good to have a study by so unimpeachable a source as the New York Fed supporting the conclusion that quite a few others have reached over the years: Increasing student aid to make college “more affordable” is something of an impossibility. The more “generous” the government becomes with grants and loans, the more schools raise their rates.
Other studies have reached the same conclusion.
In their 2009 paper Financial Aid in Theory and Practice, Andrew Gillen showed that the Bennett Hypothesis was true, although more so at some institutions than others. In their 2012 study, Stephanie Riegg Cellini and Claudia Goldin found that for-profit schools unquestionably raised tuitions to capture increases in federal aid.
Such analyses are amply supported by personal observations about the way college officials look at federal aid. Peter Wood, president of the National Association of Scholars writes that when they were in the administration at Boston University:
The regnant phrase was “Don't leave money sitting on the table.” The metaphoric table in question was the one on which the government had laid out a sumptuous banquet of increases of financial aid. Our job was to figure out how to consume as much of it as possible in tuition increases.
Similarly, Robert Iosue, former president of York College, writes in their book College Tuition: Four Decades of Financial Deception (co-authored with Frank Mussano), “Common sense dictates a connection between government largess to the buyer and higher prices from the seller. For me it began in 1974 when grants and loans were given to students based on the cost of college. Higher cost: more aid from our government.”
It has always been difficult to defend the position that federal student aid has nothing to do with the steady increase in the cost of attending college; the publication of this study makes it much more so.
Despite their conclusion that financial aid increases costs, the authors of the New York Fed report suggest that aid is beneficial on the whole. They wrote, “[T]o the extent that greater access to credit increases access to postsecondary education, student aid programs may help to lower wage inequality by boosting the supply of skilled workers.” Now, while that is not a finding of the paper, it aligns with one of the justifications commonly given for policies meant to “expand access” to college—that it ameliorates the presumed problem of growing income inequality.
In this speech in 2008, for example, former Federal Reserve chairperson Ben Bernanke said, “the best way to improve economic opportunity and reduce inequality is to increase the educational attainment and skills of American workers.” That argument is grounded in basic economics: if college-educated workers are paid a lot and workers without college education are paid much less, then by increasing the supply of the former, we will lower their “price” and thereby reduce the earnings differential between the two groups.
That sounds plausible and egalitarians embrace the idea. In a recent paper published in the Cambridge journal Social Philosophy and Policy, however, Daniel Bennett and Richard Vedder argue that, after decades of government policy to “expand access,” we have reached the point where doing so now exacerbates income inequality.
“It has become an article of faith that higher education is a major vehicle for promoting a path to the middle class and income equality in America,” the authors write. The trouble, they argue, is that while policies to promote college enrollment had a tendency to do that in the past, we passed the point of diminishing returns.
Key to the Bennett/Vedder analysis is that fundamental economic concept—diminishing returns. As someone buys or enjoys more and more of something, the benefit from each marginal unit eventually starts to fall. That applies to education as well as other goods and services. It applies to individuals, since there is some point beyond which the benefit from additional time spent on education isn't worth what it costs.
It also applies at the societal level. At first, Bennett and Vedder observe, the students drawn into college by government aid were overwhelmingly very able and ambitious. They benefited greatly from their postsecondary education. Society not only became more prosperous due to the heightened productivity of those individuals, but, the authors show, more equal. Measured by Gini coefficients, income became less dispersed in the early decades of federal policies to promote higher education.
But what was apparently a beneficial policy at first is producing increasingly bad results today. Not only is federal student aid making college more costly, it now leads to a growing income gap. “Additional increases in [college] attainment,” Bennett and Vedder write, “are associated with more income inequality.”
Why?
The reason is that subsidizing college has led to a glut of people holding college credentials. As a result, we have seen a huge displacement in the labor market—college-educated workers displacing those without degrees. I have often called that the “credentialitis” problem; workers who have the ability to do a job can't get past the screening by educational credentials that is now widespread.
Consequently, the latter group—the working poor—now faces increasing difficulty finding jobs in fields that used to be open to them.
Federal student aid programs were expected to have nothing but good economic and social consequences for America. Instead, however, they are simultaneously making higher education more costly (that is, soaking up more of our limited resources) and, owing to credentialitis, making the distribution of income more unequal.
Of course, the politicians who started us on this path meant well. Most of those who keep pushing us further down the college for everyone path probably believe that they're pursuing greater equality and productivity. The truth of the matter, as studies like the two I have discussed here show, is that continuing to push the “college access” agenda is making America worse off.
It took some time, but the South is rising again. From the backwoods of Justified to the swamp horrors of True Detective, there is surely a dixie-noir wave on the surge. Fueled by football, ribs and rage — lots and lots of rage — Southern Bastards is a violent odyssey through rural Alabama.
The comic takes a gritty look at a region known as much for its venom as its beauty. That central duality can't help but be cathartic for its Southern-born creators, Jason Aaron and Jason Latour, as they lionize and condemn all they love and hate about it. When, after 40 years, Earl Tubb returns home to Craw County to find it corrupted by the local crime boss/football coach, they curl up their brawny fists and defends the home they renounced with a very big stick.
With issue #6 hitting stands today after a shattering confrontation between Tubb and Coach Boss, artist and colorist Jason Latour took some time to chat about Southern Bastards, its roots and dealing with our conception of the South.
All preview pages are from Southern Bastards #6
Paste: So, Jason, why so angry?
Jason Latour: [Laughs] I wish I knew! If I know why I was angry then I wouldn't be doing the book. Jason and I certainly have a lot of anger over the South but we also love it. I hope both of those things are evident. So far I think there's been a little less love for it but people have responded to Earl. He's not a perfect character, he's not a noble guy, but they try to do something that means something. In Earl there's something about what we love about the South. You see, I'm getting misty eyed about it. So yeah, it's kind of angry, but you get the maddest at the things you love the most.
Paste: What's your love/hate like then?
Latour: Well, I don't know. It's like anybody's relationship to where they're from, or their own family. You love things because that's who molded you. Most of us, I would hope, have some sort of warmth in their upbringing — things that make them feel comfortable, things they're nostalgic for. Then as you get older, sometimes you come into conflict with those things. For me, all the Southern-themed stuff I do is as much about trying to reconcile as it is to confront it.
Paste: This first arc wasn't exactly uplifting, where do you go from there?
Latour: I think there's a silver lining at the end, in the sense it seems like there's a reckoning coming. And there will be eventually. There's going to be a slow build. Jason and I aren't trying to rush that. We need to establish and get to know Coach Boss a little bit, so arc two is sort of the origin, life and times of Coach Boss. We're going to take time to flesh characters out but we're always going to be building toward a larger narrative.
Paste: So, how did you and Jason Aaron come up with all this?
Latour: We both loved crime fiction and we felt like, if we're going to do a crime book, we should do one set in the South. So we circled this idea of a dixie mafia book. Jason had this idea of a football coach crime boss, but we couldn't find a through-line. At one point I told them this story that had happened in my real life: my neighbor had this giant dog that they would let shit in my yard and I came out one day and there was literally a twig growing out of this mound of crap. This had gone on for months and in a moment of anger I thought, ‘I should start watering that twig and let it grow into a tree, then I'll snap off a branch and give that dog what it deserves!' I liked the idea of a tree that had grown out of somebody's grave that someone else uses for revenge, sort of like you creating your own doom.
Paste: This is a pretty familiar trope, returning home to fix the broken place, so how are you trying to do it differently?
Latour: That is a trope in both genre and literature, so I guess we're sort of trying to combine the two. In literary stuff, that can be so overbearing, there's no sense of entertainment to it. Then, things like the Buford Pusser story. That's become such a myth that I don't think anyone really knows who Buford Pusser really was.
Paste: Walking Tall?
Latour: Yeah, Walking Tall. They certainly couldn't have been this guy with a white hat. Earl was never really intended to be Buford Pusser, but use the Buford Pusser myth as a jumping off point. Jason and I felt like we needed something to go head on at your conceptions of what the South is.
Paste: Speaking of which, were there Southern stereotypes you embraced or avoided?
Latour: If you're aware of what the stereotype is, then you can use it to get to something deeper. The confederate flag has been a loaded one so far. We've had some discussions about how often or when to use that. I don't want to dodge that — I don't want to dodge race, I don't want to dodge the ugly history of this thing — but I feel like you have to treat it how it is in real life. In real life it's present but it's not necessarily always screaming at you. The banality of it is what makes it so offensive.
Paste: Tell us about setting the visual tone?
Latour: I'm just sort of disseminating my emotions and memories. With this you're trying to ground it in the real world, but to me it's also very important that it be a drawing. So the tone of the story could become overbearing and almost too serious if we didn't embrace the cartoony aspects of making a comic book. I'm most flattered when people tell me it feels real because to me I draw pretty weird cartoony people. On some level I think the approach to putting the pages together tonally is serious but then when I draw the pages I can't take it too seriously because, at the end of the day, all the profound things we have to say are coming out of the mouths of squiggle faces.
Paste: Having grown up in the South, are these characters modeled after people you know?
Latour: There's nobody specific. My dad's not a big burly man like Earl, but people who know my dad have said, ‘Is that your dad?' No, it was never intended to be, but there are a few times where I draw Earl and it does kind of look like my dad. I guess when we get into the football stuff, because I played high school football. The coaching shorts that Coach Boss wears, I had a coach that wore shorts like that.
Paste: Has there been any blowback from Southerners?
Latour: My answer to that is always that anybody back home that's gonna get mad about this book will never know about it because they don't read!
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's team and GOP House lawmakers are working on a plan to build the president-elect's proposed wall along the U.S.-Mexico border using American tax dollars, according to multiple reports.
CNN reported Thursday that Republican leaders hope to fund the wall project through the appropriations process as early as April, citing House GOP officials.
Trump has long promised that Mexico will pay for construction of the wall, although their campaign has also previously said that Mexico will reimburse the U.S. for the project's costs.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's team is reportedly citing a 2006 law as authority for building the wall, but how it would be paid for is unclear.
Politico on Thursday reported that the '06 measure in question was signed by former President George W. Bush and authorized the construction of a more than 700-mile “physical barrier” on the nation's southern border. The law was never fully implemented and can be continued from where it left off due to its lack of a sunset provision.
Politico reported that Republicans are also looking to pass a larger border security package later in the year.
Republicans told CNN they believe Democrats will relent when faced with a choice between funding the wall or a government shutdown.
CNN's sources added that notable Democrats including then-Sen. Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE (Ill.), Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (N.Y.) and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE (N.Y.) voted in favor of the 2006 border legislation.
“[It is] big dollars, but it is a question of priorities,” Rep. Luke Messer (R-Ind.) said. “Democrats may well find themselves in the position to shut down all of the government to stop the buildout of a wall, or of a barrier, or of a fence.”
“It was not done in the Obama administration, so by funding the authorization that's already happened a decade ago, we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trump's campaign pledge to secure the border," they said.
The border wall, and Mexico footing the bill, was one of Trump's major campaign promises, and one they have reiterated since their election.
When Trump met with Mexico's president in late August, they said during a joint press conference that the issue of the wall never came up. But President Enrique Peña Nieto said after their meeting that they made it clear Mexico would not pay for the wall.
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: While arrested gangster Chhota Rajan will be crucial to cracking cases such as the murder of journalist J Dey and other criminal or terrorism cases registered against them and others in Mumbai, there is little hope that they will have any new piece of information to share with Indian agencies.He had restricted the reach of their acquaintances even further in the past one year. They only made calls on VOIP using proxies to hide their location. At times, they made calls on Whatsapp.Even as these reports have been doing the rounds, there is one theory that the arrest may have been stage-managed by Rajan themselves as they wanted to return to India due to their ill health and feared being killed by rival Chhota Shakeel "By December 2014, Rajan virtually had no members in their gang. They were in touch with some people from Uttar Pradesh and other states to get men for any job temporarily. They were finished as a ganglord," said an official who had been tracking Rajan's movements.This state of affairs is a far cry from the year 1998, when Rajan was detained in Thailand while travelling on a fictitious passport, but they walked out within a day. Sources said the Union home ministry as well as the security agencies were not interested in getting them extradiated.Officials said intelligence agencies were using them to counter fugitive gangster Dawood Ibrahim Rajan was instrumental in eliminating certain ISI and Dawood aides, including Nepal MLA Dilshad Mirza Baig, ISI mastermind Khalid Masood, Parvez Tanda in Nepal- all with the blessings of the Indian intelligence. There were unconfirmed reports that Rajan was involved in the killing of Takiuddin Wahid Khan of East-West Airlines, suspected to be close to Dawood. They also allegedly orchestrated the killing of Nepal cable operator Jamim Shah, another D-Company aide.Senior police officials said Rajan always tried to portray themselves as "a patriotic Hindu don" after their split from DawoodRaed following the 1993 serial blasts in Mumbai.The Intelligence Bureau and particularly the Research Analysis Wing (RAW), have in the past used Rajan against Dawood.In 2005, the agency had reportedly sent two Rajan aides - Vicky Malhotra and the late Farid Tanasha- to eliminate Dawood in Karachi. A senior official of IB who currently holds a senior post in the government, supervised the operation. But before that, Mumbai crime branch arrested Malhotra and Tanasha and booked them under the stringent MCOCA. This was the time when Dawood's elder daughter Mahrook was to get married to Pakistani cricketer Javed Miandad's son in Karachi."The plan was that when Dawood would arrive at the venue, the two shooters would kill him," said an officer."As far as I can recall, it was Rajan who used their clout and paid a huge bribe to free themselves in 1998," said a retired police officer. The second time Rajan slipped from the Thai policewas in September 2000 when Chhota Shakeel's shooter Munna Jingada carried out a serious attack on them in Bangkok. While Rajan was seriously wounded in the firing, their confidante Rohit Verma was shot dead. Rajan was admitted at Samitivej Hospital in Thailand.A team of five police officers flew to Thailand to record their statement and get them back to India but before this, Rajan's allies Vijay Shetty and Santosh Shetty helped them flee from the hospital. Thai government suspended five officials for negligence and a police officer came under the radar for allegedly aiding Rajan's escape.
Illustrations by Dola Sun
A 30-foot-high stone wall slinks through the residential streets of west Philadelphia. It connects to four bruised watchtowers, one at each corner, to create a sort of citadel. Across the street, on Fairmount Avenue, patrons of coffee shops and bars either don't notice or pay much attention to the former prison hulking in their city.
After the City of Brotherly Love deemed it no longer fit to hold inmates, Eastern State Penitentiary closed in 1971, with problems of mental illness, overcrowding, and abuse having grown rampant. A century before, the neo-Gothic structure was believed to be on the cutting edge of incarceration, birthing the modern-day practice known as solitary confinement, where inmates are held in isolation for (roughly) 23 hours a day. Over time, hundreds of prisons worldwide mimicked the same radial layout, where cells fan out from a central hub, like a wagon wheel.
Now Eastern State Penitentiary—with its asylum aesthetic and grim interior reality—serves as a stark reminder of what went wrong with crime and punishment across America.
That made the prison the perfect backdrop for the Vera Institute of Justice, a criminal justice think tank based in New York, to launch its "Reimagining Prison" initiative, an 18-month-long program that will bring together stakeholders in the system, like formerly incarcerated individuals, correction officials, researchers, and elected officials, to brainstorm a future for mass incarceration—and reflect on the mistakes of the past.
At the launch event, which included a brief tour of the decaying cells and an exhibit on how America became the most imprisoned nation on Earth, VICE grabbed a few of those players for a chat about what that future should look like and what it'll take to make it happen.
Before coming to work for JustLeadershipUSA, an NYC-based criminal justice program with the goal to cut incarceration numbers in half by 2030, Ronald Simpson-Bey was incarcerated themselves for 27 years in a Michigan prison. Eventually, their conviction on assault-with-intent-to-commit-murder charges was overturned, thanks in part to their own legal studies. Now, he's dedicated their life to the system that took most of their youth.
At the conference, Simpson-Bey called for a restorative, rather than rehabilitative, system, and a rethinking of the decades-long mindset that got us here in the first place. "I think our elected officials need to be as tough on solutions as they've been on crime," they said during the panel.
When we spoke, Simpson-Bey added that one of the first steps in that process is to recognize who actually needs to be in prison and who doesn't. "When I was in there, on the inside, I saw that there was actually a need for prison in our society," they said. "We just use it the wrong way.
"We use it in a punitive way, and we use it too much," they continued. "So what I see is smaller numbers, and smaller sentences, in the future."
John Wetzel, Pennsylvania's secretary of corrections, agreed. Under their tenure, the former corrections officer and semi-pro football player has taken an entirely different approach to incarceration. He's been reluctant to build more prisons in the state and, more recently, changed the way Pennsylvania labels ex-prisoners by not referring to them "offenders" and "felons." And, since taking the job in 2011, their office has seen a historic drop both in incarceration and recidivism rate. Last year witnessed the state's largest prison population decrease in 40 years.
So, those at the conference wondered: What's their secret?
"I just think we need to use incarceration with precision. I don't think it's ever 'either or.' I think it's always both ends," they said. "So some people need to be locked up—some, maybe forever—but not this many people, and not for this long.
Do we want a system where it's more likely that a mentally ill individual ends up in prison than in a hospital?
"I think there are some things going on, like the heroin epidemic, which people are starting to see. We look at everything through a criminal justice lens," they explained. "So when we talk about drug courts and diversion, why are we putting addicts in the criminal justice system in the first place?"
That's essentially the same question being posed about the mentally ill in America's jails and prisons. And then there's the more existential question: Do we want a system where it's more likely that a mentally ill individual ends up in prison than in a hospital?
Now, since those two locales seem to often serve the same purpose (an issue we discussed earlier in this series), it was inevitable that overlap would crop up when a bunch of experts are in a room. Mentally-ill inmates not only take up a good chunk of who's behind bars in this country, but also provide serious challenges when it comes to staff unequipped for the challenge.
The outgoing sheriff Michael J. Ashe Jr., who oversees the county jail in Hampden County, in Massachusetts, is considered to be a pioneer in this field—someone who witnessed massive incarceration growth throughout their time there, since they started in 1974. They reacted with measures that are just now becoming the mainstream, like stress rehabilitation, college-level classes, and required hours of rehabilitation, or vocational training.
"As state hospitals continue to close—and even though we still have some of the best mental health hospitals in the world—the last place these individuals need to be is in a correctional facility," Ashe told the room. "So I really feel these things will need to be addressed in the years ahead."
For guidance on what is, perhaps, the best way to punish, Baz Dreisinger traveled around the world to see, and maybe even learn from, how other countries treat their prison populations. Them journey resulted in a book, Incarcerated Nations, which sheds light on the philosophy behind American incarceration and how it stands apart globally.
In Singapore, Dreisinger, who teaches at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York, said there's an ad campaign aimed at hiring formerly incarcerated individuals, sort of like a "ban-the-box" promotional. In Norway, they added, one of the prisons actually seems more like a cattle farm, with open space and no bars. And in South Africa, they attended a restorative justice seminar in a prison that is considered to be one of its nastiest.
"The future of incarceration is to not be called incarceration," they told me after the panel. "I think what I wanted to emphasize is that it's about reenvisioning and reimagining justice."
"So for me, the future has little to do with prisons—the word 'incarceration' itself, and the space we're standing in," they continued. "So I envision a system that is grounded in community courts, reparative systems, truth and reconciliation commissions, and 'facilities,' insofar as absolutely necessary, which is always involving a really small number of people."
"It was quite bizarre, walking into a prison and you're bathed in sunlight. You walk into American prisons, like this one, and it's a dungeon! It's completely different."—Vikrant Reddy
Nearly everyone at the conference agreed that the current layout of America's correctional system will have to be drastically redesigned in the years ahead, as downsizing and reform efforts continue. To that end, Vikrant Reddy, a senior research fellow for the Charles Koch Institute, said that tweaking even the aesthetic of a facility can have a long-lasting impact on the inmates inside. As a result, every last detail of what a prison looks like, they said, will have to be scrutinized to ensure effectiveness and health.
Reddy, too, encouraged the United States to look abroad for role models.
"I visited Germany, on a trip with the Vera Institute last year, to see their prisons, and people ask me, 'What struck you the most?' And it's very easy to answer that question, because I always say the sunlight. It was quite bizarre, walking into a prison and you're bathed in sunlight. You walk into American prisons, like this one, and it's a dungeon! It's completely different.
"They've done research on how sunlight affects a person—in places like Seattle, you're a little bit more depressed because of the amount of sun," they added. "Some of this stuff really matters. So I want us to think very broadly about physical space inside of prisons."
The conference itself was more abstract than technical. Panelists discussed larger themes of what it means to punish, what the public wants out of a correctional system, and how they intend to fix it in the coming years. But these underlying questions, as demonstrated in this series, are just one part of the criminal justice system. Sure, prisons and jails are where people end up (even if, as many would argue, they shouldn't be), but what's going on right now is a full-on reevaluation of modern mass incarceration, from the moment a person first enters the system to when, at least in most cases, they leave.
"Our prison system is doing something that time has proven, over and over again, does not change someone's behavior."—Vivian Nixon
While serving time for falsifying documents, Reverend Vivian Nixon was a peer instructor to their fellow inmates, and they quickly realized that incarceration had set up barriers to what they could accomplish once free. The system had achieved a never-ending cycle, and rethinking this wagon wheel—just as lawmakers had done with Eastern State Penitentiary over a century before—was the only way of breaking it.
"Our prison system is doing something that time has proven, over and over again, does not change someone's behavior," Nixon, who leads the College and Community Fellowship, which offers scholarships to formerly incarcerated women, told conference attendees. "So prisons need to be a place where people can reimagine themselves, to be in different places, have different opportunities, and to perform different behaviors.
"If I were queen, prisons would be places where people could envision the best possible life for themselves," they continued, conscious they were standing in the middle of a decaying old prison. They would be places that give "people the instruction, the education, and the support they need to achieve" their dreams.
This article is part of the VICE series The Future of Incarceration. Read the rest of the package here.
Follow John Surico on Twitter.
LA Galaxy II vs. Real Monarchs SLC
StubHub Center Track & Field Stadium
Saturday, Sept. 24, 2016
2016 USL Regular Season
7:30 p.m. PT
www.lagalaxy.com/2
With a spot reserved in the 2016 USL Playoffs, LA Galaxy II (11-7-11, 44 points) will be playing for postseason pole position on Saturday night when they take on Real Monarchs SLC (10-13-6, 36 points) at StubHub Center Track & Field Stadium at 7:30 p.m. PT in their regular season home finale. The match will be streamed live on www.lagalaxy.com/2.
Click here to buy Fan Appreciation Night tickets Buy Now
That night, LA Galaxy II will host Fan Appreciation Night. The special evening will feature numerous giveaways, including Los Dos branded t-shirts and other exclusive items. Additionally, LA Galaxy II Head Coach Curt Onalfo will personally address the fans postgame and fans will have an opportunity to win warm-up jerseys off an LA Galaxy II player's back.
For complimentary parking to LA Galaxy II Fan Appreciation Night, fans are asked to enter the StubHub Center facility through Gate I, for parking in lots 16 and 4A/4B. Due to additional events taking place, anyone entering through other gates will be required to pay for parking.
As for the match, Los Dos currently sit sixth in the conference and a win on Saturday night is the only chance LA will have to host a first round postseason matchup in the USL Playoff's single-elimination bracket. If the Galaxy can win, they'll need a draw or loss from Swope Park Rangers (45 points) to earn fourth in the Western Conference, allowing them to host. OKC Energy FC (42 points) and Swope Park will both play Saturday evening, while Vancouver Whitecaps FC 2 (45 points) has played all 30 of their regular season games. The lowest LA could fall is seventh place.
Los Dos have faced off with Salt Lake only once this season, during the team's first road game of 2016 back on April 2. In the match, LA Galaxy II came back from a 3-0 halftime deficit scoring three goals in the final ten minutes of the game, escaping Rio Tinto Stadium with a point.
It was a comeback that only one of the league's highest scoring teams was capable of, an identity that Los Dos has maintained for much of the season. Heading into Saturday's finale, they lead the Western Conference with 49 goals.
As of late, the most dangerous scoring threat for Los Dos has been forward Ariel Lassiter. Lassiter has scored six of the team's last nine goals, a scoring stretch in which he's showcased their ability to finish from inside and outside the box. Their eight goals on the season lead LA Galaxy II.
The team is also showing strength in defense as of late; they've allowed only two goals in their last three games, a feat they have only achieved once this season.
Real Monarchs will need a win and a lot of help around the league to claim the eighth and final spot in the Western Conference bracket. Paired with a win of their own, draws or losses from Portland, Orange County and San Antonio are the only way through for Real Monarchs.
LAST MATCH
LA Galaxy 1 | Sacramento Republic FC 1: LA Galaxy II earned a 1-1 draw on the road at Bonney Field against USL Western Conference leaders Sacramento Republic FC behind a first-half goal from forward Ethan Zubak. With the result, Los Dos sit in fourth place in Western Conference standings with just one game remaining in the 2016 USL Regular Season.
Los Dos opened the scoring just minutes before the end of the first half behind a goal from the Academy product Zubak, who tallied their second of the season. On the left side, Jose Villarreal let the ball run by them before to round the Sacramento defender and cross in a ball to Zubak. The Galaxy forward took a perfectly-placed, one-touch back heel to slide the shot past the Republic FC goalkeeper and give LA Galaxy II the lead.
Real Monarchs SLC 2 | Arizona United SC 3: The playoff hopes for Real Monarchs took a hit on Saturday night against Arizona United FC. In a back and forth battle, that saw goals from Pedro Baez and Amet Ramirez, Arizona was able to seal up the three points at the end of the night with a 3-2 win on a deflected goal from Long Tan. The Monarchs fell to 10-13-6 (36 points) with one match to play, needing a win over LA Galaxy II, along with a loss for San Antonio FC and a loss or draw for Orange County Blues for the second-year club to advance to the playoffs as the eighth seed.
2016 RECORD
LA Galaxy II: 11-7-11, 44 points
Real Monarchs SLC: 10-13-6, 36 points
2015 RECORD
LA Galaxy II: 14-11-3
Real Monarchs SLC: 7-13-8
THIS YEAR
LA Galaxy II 3, Real Monarchs SLC 3 (Rio Tinto Stadium) – Saturday, April 2
LA Galaxy II vs. Real Monarchs SLC – Saturday, Sept. 24
LAST YEAR
LA Galaxy II 0, Real Monarchs SLC 0 (StubHub Center) – March 22, 2015
LA Galaxy II 1, Real Monarchs SLC 0 (Rio Tinto Stadium) – April 25, 2015
GAME NOTES
Getting cosy with the Barça boys? Arsenal ace Vermaelen pictured with Puyol in Ibiza
It's a picture Arsenal fans would rather not see: their inspirational centre-back Thomas Vermaelen enjoying a night out with Barcelona defender Carles Puyol at a restaurant in Ibiza.
The Catalan giants are considering a bid for Vermaelen after hitting a brick wall in attempts to sign Thiago Silva from AC Milan.
Nou Camp boss Tito Vilanova made Silva their top central defensive target but the Catalans set aside less than £30million for the deal - while sources in Italy claim Milan have already turned down a £32.5m bid from Paris Saint-Germain.
Fancy seeing you here! Vermaelen and Puyol pose for a snap in Ibiza
Belgium international Vermaelen, 26, fits the bill because of their ability to also play at left back and in midfield, but Arsenal are likely to resist any approach.
But Gunners fans will not be reassured to see Vermaelen and Puyol together with talismanic captain Robin van Persie's future still up in the air.
Arsenal remain determined to get their skipper to sign a three-year deal worth £130,000 a week with a £5m loyalty bonus.
Van Persie's representatives have held two rounds of talks with Arsenal, when the 28-year-old said they were not ready to sign new terms.
Who's next? Captain Van Persie's future remains unclear
In need of safety help, the Detroit Lions look to be adding one very familiar with new defensive coordinator Teryl Austin.
Free-Agent Tracker Follow all the developments on the NFL's open market with our up-to-the-minute tracking of 2014's free agents.
Follow all the developments on the NFL's open market with our up-to-the-minute tracking of 2014's free agents. More ...
The Lions are expected to sign ex-Baltimore Ravens safety James Ihedigbo, ProFootballTalk reported Thursday, citing a league source.
The Lions needed to add a safety after parting ways with Louis Delmas -- who signed with the Miami Dolphins earlier this week.
Ihedigbo, 30, is a very good run defender, but they struggle in coverage. After spending the past two seasons together in Baltimore, their familiarity with Austin should help provide depth at the position. Ihedigbo also can play on special teams.
We still expect the Lions to add a safety through the draft, as Lions general manager Martin Mayhew needs to get younger and quicker at the position.
The Lions also are adding veteran defensive tackle Vaughn Martin, according to their agent.
The Around The League Podcast is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
Using the Blues Scale for Guitar
When playing a blues solo, the blues scale is treated interchangeably with the minor penta-tonic scale. The scales are identical except for the addition of one note, the ‘b5' in the blues scale.
The minor pentatonic scale has the formula
1 b3 4 5 b7
And the blues scale has the formula
1 b3 4 b5 5 b7
The addition of this one note makes quite a marked difference to the sound of our solos.
Here are the fretboard diagrams of both scales:
Take this line for example: A great way to hear how this one extra note can make a huge difference to your playing is to begin by altering some minor pentatonic licks that you al-ready know.
Blues Scale Licks for Guitar
Example 6i:
By adding in the ‘blues note' we can give a line a very different sound:
Example 6j:
It is also very common to bend from the 4th (D) to the b5th (Eb) like this:
Example 6k:
The b5 is also useful when played in the lower octave:
Example 6l:
Example 6m:
Try making up your own licks. Remember, once you have the scale memorised, always think rhythm and melody when you solo!
Have fun!
This lesson is an extract from The Complete Guide to Blues Guitar Book Three: Beyond Pentatonics.
There is no better, more detailed book to teach you the secrets of blues guitar solo-ing.
Socializing your puppy is basically teaching your pup to be a part of society and that new things in this world is OK. These things include new people, places, noises, smells, sights and other animals. A well socialized dog is also generally calmer, more comfortable and relaxed in a variety of situations. An improperly socialized dog can lead to behavior issues with fear and aggression in the future. Or they can just be a bigger pain in the ass.
Did you know that therapy dogs are really calm because they are well socialized by being exposed to a ton of different things as a puppy? It's not really a secret, but socializing can do wonders in creating a calm dog. Pippa can probably hear a gunshot go off and not even flinch. Actually… maybe that's not a good thing…
How do you socialize a puppy?
It's actually a pretty easy task to socialize your puppy. All you need to do is create a comfortable and relaxed mood for your pup around new things. Other times, you just let them explore at their own comfort. For example, I've noticed Pippa used to be nervous around new people. They would run between my legs and stay there. Pippa is an Australian Shepherd so they tend to be a bit standoff-ish with new people so this is natural to them But we can change that with socialization.
To socialize Pippa around new people, we took them to a park in the city where there were lots of people. We got closer and closer to the busy area of the park and encouraged them with lots of high value treats and played with their favorite toy along the way. What we are doing is exposing them to lots of new people, a new environment and then making them feel comfortable by making it feel like she's won a million bucks. We also asked a couple of friends (who Pippa has not met before) to come by and meet Pippa. As soon as Pippa started sniffing them, I would click with my clicker and Pippa is given a treat by myself or my friends and this teaches Pippa that new people means good things happen.
Think about this through Pippa's eyes. Every time I see someone new, I get a treat and people are affectionately petting me. New people aren't so bad after-all.
I used the same strategy to socialize Pippa around other things that I've observed them being nervous about. Trains, cars, bicycles, tall people, kids, runners, the washing machine, thumping noises (thanks neighbor) and more.
What you shouldn't do.
It's important to ease into socialization. Keep an eye on your dog's comfort level and if they seem stressed, just slowly back away from whatever is causing that stress. I don't recommend picking up your dog and reassuring them that it's going to be ok. What you're doing here is reenforcing that they need the coddling and to be protected when in fact, there is nothing to fear.
Your puppy also will look to you for social cues. If you're nervous around new people, your pup might pick up on this and feel the need to either mimic you or protect you. This can lead to a dog who is skittish or one that becomes aggressive around new people. So lead by example!
When you should socialize your pup.
Start now! The window for socialization is between 6 to 16 weeks according to most articles. After 16 weeks, your dog will naturally not accept new things as easily. Even if your dog doesn't have all the vaccines yet, the risk of not socializing your pup properly is higher than the chances of catching a sickness. Your puppy doesn't need to live in a bubble, get out there and socialize that dog - you'll be happy you did. Trust me.
Check back soon for an exposure checklist for proper socialization. And speaking of checklists, check out the best pre-puppy checklist ever.
Thanks for reading!
The White House's push to quickly pass a major package of tax cuts through Congress is facing a fall calendar full of legislative land mines, potentially delaying a key part of President Trump's agenda into at least 2018.
The Trump administration sees tax cuts as an achievable victory after a string of failed attempts to pass other parts of the president's legislative agenda, as well as a proposal that could unite a party fractured over Senate Republicans' failure last week to vote through a repeal of parts of the Affordable Care Act.
Trump touted the tax proposal Tuesday in a meeting with business executives, saying their team was “pursuing bold tax cuts” to help companies grow.
“We're unleashing a new era of American prosperity perhaps like we have never seen it before,” they said at the meeting.
Republican leaders in Congress, however, face a pair of deadlines that are delaying any action on taxes. The current budget is set to expire at the end of September, and unless Congress approves new funding, there will be a partial government shutdown that will close national parks and put hundreds of thousands of federal workers on unpaid leave.
Gary Cohn, chairperson of the National Economic Council, has said the tax effort would be a success if, when Americans “get their first check in 2018, they have more disposable income.” (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Congress's most immediate concern, however, is the debt ceiling, which the Treasury Department says must be raised by Sept. 29 to ensure that the government can pay its bills. Failing to raise the ceiling could spark a global financial crisis, leading to a stock market crash, a spike in interest rates and a potential economic recession.
The Senate and House are scheduled to be in session together for a total of just 12 days from now until the debt ceiling deadline, giving them little time to focus on tax cuts.
“September will be a month when the Trump administration faces its most significant test on Capitol Hill,” said Brian Gardner, Washington policy analyst for Keefe Bruyette & Woods, an investment banking firm. “Passing spending bills and raising the debt ceiling must be done.”
Republican leaders face several challenges as they seek to avert a government shutdown or default.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin met with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) on Tuesday, pressing them to raise the borrowing limit as soon as possible. But the talks ended without progress or even a clear sense of what the Senate leaders must do to deliver votes to raise the limit, according to three people briefed on the meeting who spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk candidly about the private discussions.
Some more-conservative Republicans are demanding that any increase in the debt ceiling — a legislative limit on how much the government can borrow — come coupled with broad plans to cut spending and shrink the federal government, provisions that would probably preclude any Democratic support for the increase.
In 2015, the last time the debt ceiling was raised, the majority of votes to pass the measure came from Democrats after conservatives objected to increasing the limit without spending cuts, despite pleas for cooperation from GOP leaders. That dynamic has not changed, and Democrats believe they still have significant leverage in any negotiations on the borrowing limit.
1 of 83 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Scenes from Trump's second six months in office View Photos A look at the second half of the president's first year in the White House. Caption A look at the second half of the president's first year in the White House. Jan. 24, 2018 President Trump speaks to a group of mayors in the East Room of the White House. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Mnuchin has warned Congress for months to deal with the debt ceiling, but there are signs that senior White House officials are also starting to worry about the lack of a resolution. They are now openly talking about the need for lawmakers to act quickly.
“To ensure that we have robust economic growth and promote fiscal discipline, the Trump administration believes it's important to raise the debt ceiling as soon as possible,” White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Tuesday.
On the budget, Democrats have said they will not agree to any spending bill that includes money for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, but the White House has said repeatedly that it wants that funding to be part of a spending bill.
Lawmakers could approve a short-term spending bill to give themselves more time to negotiate, but that would further postpone any tax discussions because Congress would remain consumed with the budget.
Congress hasn't overhauled the tax code in 31 years, in part because it is so politically difficult, but White House officials are trying to accelerate talks.
White House legislative director Marc Short said Monday that they wanted everything to be wrapped up by November. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said they would consider their effort a success if, when Americans “get their first check in 2018, they have more disposable income.”
But there are signs that Senate Republicans have not decided how they want to proceed.
Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah), who leads the Senate's tax-writing panel, said on the Senate floor Tuesday that they would pursue a more deliberative process than Congress used during the health-care discussions, holding public hearings and working closely with Democrats.
Less than an hour later, McConnell poured cold water on that idea, saying that it was unlikely many Democrats would seek to work with Republicans and that they planned to forge ahead on their own if necessary.
They noted that 45 Democrats and independents sent them a letter Tuesday indicating they would not support a tax overhaul plan that widened the deficit, something Republicans have suggested might need to be part of their package. This, McConnell said, would force them to pass a tax bill along party lines using a process known as reconciliation, which first requires them to pass a budget resolution — something they also have not done yet.
“We have been informed by the majority of the Democrats in a letter I just received today that most of the principles that would get the country going again, they're not interested in addressing,” McConnell said.
Separately, lawmakers must vote to reauthorize a health insurance program for children from low-income families, as well as the federal flood insurance program. Both will be curtailed sharply if Congress doesn't act.
But it's the debt ceiling and the spending bill that are expected to consume lawmakers throughout September and potentially beyond, delaying negotiations on the tax plan.
“If you can't fund the government, and if you can't make good on the credit of the government, those are bigger than speed bumps,” said Rick Hohlt, a longtime GOP lobbyist. “Those are like running off the cliff. It needs to get everybody's attention when they focus.”
The White House, for its part, seems to be losing patience with lawmakers as the legislative agenda piles up. Trump was furious that the Senate failed to pass a bill to repeal parts of the Affordable Care Act last week, and Republicans are looking to the tax cut plan as something they could sell to voters as a major accomplishment ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Sanders took a shot at Congress on Tuesday, remarking of Trump's track record so far that “what's hurting their legislative agenda is Congress's inability to get things passed.”
Analysts think all these looming decisions are pushing back any action on tax code changes, potentially into next year. Republicans still haven't resolved key differences among themselves on the tax cut plan, such as its size and whether it should be temporary or permanent.
“Even when you get to tax reform, it's going to be really difficult and really slow,” said Andy Laperriere, an analyst at Cornerstone Macro, a Wall Street research firm. They said the most likely outcome at this point is that Congress will not get “tax reform signed into law.”
UPDATE: A judge has blocked the federal government from deporting citizens of seven countries who were detained at U.S. airports over the past day or so as a result of an executive order President Donald Trump issued Friday. Click here for more.
President Donald Trump has billed their executive order cracking down on immigration and refugees as a way to keep out “radical Islamic terrorists.”
Story Continued Below
But in the long run, it could hamper Americans trying to travel abroad and make it harder for the United States to deport criminals to other nations. Already, Iran has promised to "reciprocate" over what it called a "flagrant insult to the Muslim world."
While there are many long-term implications of the multi-faceted order, for many individuals the fallout was much more immediate.
Many permanent legal U.S. residents were told they could not set foot on U.S. soil as they returned from trips abroad — a shock to a group that's just one step short of American citizenship. Some travelers were barred from boarding planes to the United States. Two Iraqis, one who had obtained a visa for helping U.S. troops and another trying to reunite with their refugee family, reached a New York airport but were prevented from entering the U.S., sparking a lawsuit . Certain people with dual citizenship are now barred from the U.S., possibly indefinitely, even if they once could visit without a visa. Companies such as Google and Microsoft spoke out against Trump's order, saying it would hurt many of their employees.
“The executive order is an unprecedented and discriminatory assault on whole groups of people that plays to our worst fears,” said Royce Murray, policy director at the American Immigration Council. “It's not unreasonable to expect backlash from countries around the world who want to show the United States that this is the wrong way to go.”
The order that Trump signed Friday has of number of elements: an indefinite ban on Syrian refugees; a temporary ban on all refugees; a temporary halt to the admission of people from seven Muslim-majority countries; and a directive that religious minorities, which by implication means Christians in many cases, get priority among refugees eventually admitted to the United States. Some parts of the order, such as the targeting of the seven countries, appear at first to be temporary. But they could stay in effect indefinitely if Trump's demands, such as increased cooperation from often hostile or incapacitated governments, are not met.
Trump and their aides say such “extreme vetting” is necessary to prevent Americans from being attacked by terrorists trying to infiltrate the United States. The president's order even includes language saying the U.S. should not admit anyone who engages in “acts of bigotry,” suggesting he'll be pushing an ideological test on would-be visitors.
Opponents of the order say it amounts to a “Muslim ban” that will enhance terrorist recruitment, anger U.S. allies and hurt some of the world's most vulnerable people. They also note that refugees, the most heavily screened group of people allowed to enter the United States, have almost never been accused of terrorist attacks.
The overall impact of the order could reach well beyond the Muslim world, however, affecting global businesses, universities and tourism, not to mention a host of bilateral relationships. Trump also imposes tough new conditions for the vetting of visitors from most countries in the world, including places such as China.
The president has directed the relevant Cabinet agencies to review the vetting process involved for citizens from all countries where visas are required to travel to the United States, in order to make sure that those countries are providing enough information to help the U.S. review the visa applications. Countries that the Trump administration decides are not offering enough information will be told to do so. If they don't step up their cooperation, their citizens will be prohibited from traveling to the United States.
The president is expected to make a proclamation of which countries fall on the prohibited list within three months. During that period, citizens of seven countries — Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen — are prohibited from entering the United States unless their countries meet the same standards.
But a country such as Iran, which does not have diplomatic relations with the United States, is unlikely to ever meet Trump's demand. The government of Yemen, mired in a war that has drawn in the United States, is too hobbled to do much of anything. And even other countries, in Latin America, for instance, may bristle at Trump's demands for more data. Muslim countries not on the list of seven targeted also may feel a need to act out of solidarity.
Because visa programs are, in theory, supposed to be reciprocal, many of the affected countries could decide to take their frustrations out on American travelers.
It's unlikely many countries will flat out bar Americans, who often are a critical source of tourism revenue. But they might slow down the visa issuance process, impose their own ideological tests during visa interviews, or take other steps to retaliate. Several years ago, an outraged Brazil imposed fingerprinting and photographing requirements for American visitors after its citizens were subject to similar treatment by the United States, an episode that soured relations and led to hours of headaches for even some U.S. diplomats.
Separately, some countries, such as China, may curtail cooperation on other fronts, such as accepting Chinese citizens ordered deported from the United States, some of whom may have committed crimes. Even Iran, which does take small numbers of deportees back every year, may now stop doing so.
According to Iranian state media, the country's foreign ministry issued a lengthy statement slamming Trump's order as "a great gift to extremists and their sponsors" and promising to "reciprocate."
“People need to realize there's an ebb and flow to these things,” said Leon Fresco, an immigration attorney and former Department of Justice official. “All visas, they work on this basis of reciprocity. Brazil makes us get visas to go to Brazil because we make them get visas to come here.”
Countries in Europe and other strong U.S. allies could also be affected because the order also covers people with multiple nationalities. Many of those countries are part of what's known as the Visa Waiver Program, which allows their citizens to temporarily visit the United States without a visa. But the State Department confirmed Saturday that if any of those same citizens also hold nationalities from the seven Muslim-majority countries singled out by the order, they, too, will be barred from entering the United States.
Trump's order also gets rid of a program that allows some visa applicants to skip the in-person interview process, meaning the overall application process will now take longer and require more U.S. resources. Trump also demands the imposition of a uniform screening procedure for all immigration programs that includes “a process to evaluate the applicant's likelihood of becoming a positively contributing member of society and the applicant's ability to make contributions to the national interest.” It's not clear what that means in practice or how to define “national interest," but that standard also gives some wiggle room to the government. The order states that the secretaries of state and homeland security can admit certain individuals “on a case-by-case basis” if they determine it is in “the national interest.” Such determinations, however, could take significant time to reach.
One of the most surprising results of the new order involves so-called green card holders, who are legal U.S. permanent residents with protections in U.S. law. Obtaining permanent residency, a step just short of citizenship, usually requires living for several years in the United States and establishing roots. But according to several advocacy groups, many green card holders returning from trips abroad were stopped at the airport and told they could not re-enter the United States.
A senior Trump administration official said Saturday that the ban on entry will apply to U.S. permanent residents who hail from the seven specifically targeted countries and who were trying to return to American after trips abroad. Such individuals will have to go through a review process and be evaluated on a case-by-case basis before being admitted back to the United States.
It was not clear what this additional screening process would entail, but the stance puzzled legal observers, who said it appeared to target the permanent residents simply because they decided to travel.
“There's nothing in the immigration code that permits a lawful permanent resident to be denied entry into the United States on the basis of travel to any specific country,” Fresco said.
Private businesses and American universities could also be heavily affected by the new rules. Businesses who count on foreign workers could find their productivity affected if visa rules keep people from traveling or being allowed to work for them. Universities with large numbers of foreign students — a surprising number of whom come from the Muslim world — could see their revenues shrink if such students are barred. Even if some of those students are able to get visas, it could take so long they may not be able to start the school year on time.
The technology sector, which relies heavily on visa-holding foreign nationals, is especially alarmed. A spokesperson for Microsoft said the company is “actively working” with affected employees “to provide legal advice and assistance.” According to Bloomberg News , Google ordered traveling staffers possibly impacted by the executive order to immediately get back to the United States. More than 100 Google employees are thought to be affected by Trump's act, the company's CEO is reported to have said.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg on Friday released a statement urging the Trump administration not to overreach in its immigration crackdown. “We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually pose a threat,” Zuckerberg said. “Expanding the focus of law enforcement beyond people who are real threats would make all Americans less safe by diverting resources.”
Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire was among several lawmakers furious over how the order effectively bars the admission of thousands of Iraqis who have served as translators and in other capacities for U.S. troops and officials. Such Iraqis often must endure years of screening as well as threats from militants while awaiting permission to go to America.
“Discriminating based on religion and nationality severely undermines the local alliances and trust established by our troops and diplomats in the field,” Shaheen argued.
A number of legal challenges are expected to the order, but each faces a tricky path. The U.S. president, and the U.S. government as a whole has tremendous leverage in who it allows into the country, not least because constitutional protections such as freedom of religion don't necessarily apply to foreigners.
But as they digested the executive order starting on Friday, several leaders of advocacy organizations as well as members of agencies such as the State Department said it appeared the Trump administration had not fully thought through the implications of what it was imposing. The president's aides had done little, if any, consulting with top policy-makers and lawyers from the various agencies now in charge of implementing the proposal.
Greg Chen, advocacy director for the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said Saturday morning that people across the government were trying to figure out how the order works.
"I have spoken with government officials in the relevant agencies who were not aware of the specifics of this executive order until late last night," they said, "when the entire world learned what was involved."
Tony Romm, Tara Palmeri and Seung Min Kim contributed to this report.
Some interesting developments are taking place with just under 3 weeks to go before opening day. Well at least one thing is interesting:
Starting off on the backside of Krakatau Mountain, we see the stairs are still being worked on:
We also see the tubes for Ko'Okiri Body Plunge are now being uncovered revealing their true colors and some open air sections:
These slides end on the side and those pieces have been uncovered as well:
While were on the front of the Volcano we can see the main capsule slide has also been uncovered and is clear:
This means we'll be able to see everyone who takes this plunge through the Volcano. Today we saw water running through it as well:
Runnamukka Reef is also being uncovered and more progress has been made on the sea creatures:
From Cabana Bay, we can see the octopus, fish, and is you look carefully you can see starfish in the yellow triangular coverings:
Nearby next to the Krakatau Aqua Coaster, we spot another tiki along a pathway. We also spot our first directional signage in the park:
The big story this past week is having been Honu being partially taken apart:
From Cabana Bay we can see quite a few pieces have been removed. We're hoping that the problem wasn't too serious since the pieces are still on the ground:
Over at the park shuttle area buildings continue to progress:
A small shuttle was spotted dropping off team members for training:
The newest entry area building now has a pathway under it:
Over by the wave pool the loungers we showed you last week are more spread out:
Speaking of the wave pool we see it appears ready for water. This is one of the few places we haven't seen water testing at yet. I'm sure that will be a nervous time!
Above where the waves come out we now see a pathway that overlooks the wave pool. If allowed walking there, I'm sure we'll get some great shots of guests enjoying the pool:
Closing out this week, we see Taniwha Tubes, the first slides we saw rise about a year ago:
Stay tuned for our look back post where we'll compare the start of some slides and area and what they look like now! Also, stay tuned to our social accounts for more:
ZAATARI REFUGEE CAMP - Syrian refugees in a sprawling desert camp in Jordan fear that President Bashar al-Assad's likely re-election this year will leave their dream of a return home as distant as ever.
As Syria's war entered its fourth year this weekend, many of the around 100,000 refugees in Zaatari camp see no end in sight to their misery.
"After killing tens of thousands of their own people and forcing millions more to flee their homes, the idea of Assad's re-election is insane," Abu Mohammad, 54, said.
"I'm not sure when I will return. The entire world has let us down," said Abu Mohammad, who fled Daraa in southern Syria last year.
The embattled Assad has not announced their candidacy for a presidential vote to be held by July, but is widely expected to seek and win another seven-year term.
"His re-election would be like a bomb exploding in everyone's face. It doesn't make sense," said Abu Mohammad, seated outside their caravan, drinking herbal tea and smoking cigarettes with friends.
The refugees complain about the dust and electricity shortages at Zaatari, where the temperature in the summer rises to around 40ºC (104 Fahrenheit) and plunges below freezing in the winter.
Last year, the worst winter storm in a decade turned Zaatari into a muddy swamp, blowing away at least 500 tents. The government has since replaced most of the tents with caravans.
- 'Absurd' peace talks -
The Syrian opposition has repeatedly insisted Assad must step down under any settlement, especially in two rounds of failed peace talks earlier this year.
But for the refugees in the densely-populated, seven-square-kilometer (2.8-square-mile) camp in northern Jordan near the border with Syria, the UN-brokered peace negotiations have made no difference.
"The regime and the opposition are both untrustworthy. The talks are absurd and will not lead to anything," said Abu Mohammad.
Other refugees agreed.
"The negotiations are nonsense. I do not hold out hope of returning any time soon," said Alaa Ghuthani, 38, a former shop owner.
The brutal war in Syria between the regime and its foes shows no sign of abating and has killed at least 146,000 people since it erupted in mid-March 2011.
And 2.5 million Syrians have fled abroad and another 6.5 million have been internally displaced. Jordan is home to more than 500,000 of the refugees.
"If Assad does not step down, it will be a catastrophe. There will be no peace and we will not have any hope of going home," said Um Mohammed, who fled with their 11 children more than a year ago.
"Negotiating with Assad is a waste of time. Their regime respects nothing and nobody," added Um Mohammed, as they walked near their tent, wearing a long black dress and a dark red headscarf.
- 'Heartbreaking' -
An Oxfam survey found last week that more than 65 percent of 1,015 refugees questioned in three regions of Jordan fear they will never be able to go home.
While the overwhelming majority of refugees want to return, only one third said they could clearly see themselves going home, according to Oxfam.
Most could not say when.
"What is happening to us is heartbreaking and Assad is becoming stronger every day ... Is anybody left in Syria to vote for him?" sighed Aisha, 55.
"Assad will not give up and step down," said Abu Raafat, a former restaurant owner wearing a checkered red-and-white keffiyeh headdress and heavy coat.
"I do not see any hope now. It looks like our crisis is going to take a long time. God help us."
FLOWERY BRANCH — The Atlanta Falcons, after going 11-5 and winning the NFC title in Dan Quinn's second year as head coach, attempted to upgrade the roster this offseason.
With the team set to report to training camp on Wednesday, July 26, here's a look at the Falcons' top 10 newcomers:
10: Deante Burton, wide receiver. Burton as signed as an undrafted rookie after going undrafted out of Kansas State. They impressed special teams coordinator Keith Armstrong over the offseason. They made 35 career starts at Kansas State, including their final 26 games. They caught 84 passes for 1,085 yards with five touchdowns in four seasons.
9. Damontee Kazee, cornerback. The Falcons told them they would play some nickel back and safety in the defense. They redshirted and was a reserve in 2013. They made 13 starts in 2014 and led the team with 14 passes defended, adding 58 tackles and one interception to earn second-team All-Mountain West Conference honors. They were named an All-American and Mountain West defensive player of the year in 2015, with a team-best 15 passes defended and eight interceptions. Kazee returned for their senior season and again earned All-American status and won the conference defensive player-of-the-year honors with 65 tackles, 15 passes defended and seven interceptions. Their brother, Walter, was a running back at San Diego State (2009-12). With the development of Jalen Collins and Brian Poole, its all of a sudden crowded at the cornerback spot. Their quickest path to the field is likely at safety.
8. Andre Robert, returner/wide receiver. They were signed to add a spark to the return game. They drop too many passed to be relied on in the passing game. Roberts, who played at The Citadel, was a third-round pick by the Arizona Cardinals in the 2010. They played four seasons with the Cardinals, two with Washington and one with Detroit. Over their career, Roberts has had 456 targets and 253 catches (43.1 percent) for 2,899 yards and 14 touchdowns. Roberts is a punt and kickoff returner. They had 20 punt returns for 246 yards and two touchdowns last season. They also had 33 kickoff returns for 747 yards (22.6).
7. Jermaine Grace, linebacker . Grace, who's 6-foot-1, 210 pounds, was the Hurricanes' leading tackler (79) in 2015. They were dismissed along with defensive end Al-Quadin Muhammad on Aug. 27 after they were accused of violating NCAA rules in a highly publicized luxury car-rental case and didn't play last season.
6. Derrick Coleman, fullback. He's the leader to replace the departed Patrick DiMarco, who signed nice $4 million deal with Buffalo. After four seasons with Seattle, Coleman was out of football last season after pleading guilty to a vehicular-assault and hit-and-run charges in Bellevue, Wash. He's attempting to revive their career.
5. Brian Hill, running back. They played in 38 games and made 28 starts over their career. They rushed for 4,287 yards and averaged 5.5 yards per carry while scoring 35 rushing touchdowns. They also caught 41 passes for 403 yards over their career. They were a two-year starter rushing for 135.9 yards per game as a sophomore and 132.9 yards per game as a junior. They run well off tackle and can bounce their runs to the outside. They run with toughness and has vision in the open field.
4. Jack Crawford, defensive end. After cutting defensive tackle Tyson Jackson and not re-signing Jonathan Babineaux, the Falcons signed Crawford to a three-year deal. Crawford, 28, started 11 games and played in all 16 for the Cowboys last season. They played 529 snaps (50 percent) and 102 special-teams snaps (23.1 percent). Crawford, 6-foot-5, 274 pounds, was a fifth-round pick by the Raiders in 2012. They played at Penn State. He's played in 57 NFL games, with 12 starts.
3. Duke Riley, linebacker. Riley was selected in the third-round of the draft. They were a three-star recruit coming out of John Curtis High in Bursa, La., and picked LSU over TCU and Tulane. The offer from the Tigers was a grayshirt opportunity, but the week before signing day, LSU upgraded the offer to a full scholarship. They committed on the spot. They spent their first-year student season on special teams and recorded seven tackles. Riley earned their first career start as a sophomore, but most of their playing time was on special teams, posting 20 tackles. Riley moved into the starting lineup last season and led LSU with 93 tackles, adding nine tackles for loss, two passes defended and one interception.
2. Takkarist McKinley, defensive end. McKinley's recovering from offseason shoulder surgery and missed most of the offseason program because of the NFL's academic rules. Defensive line coach Bryant Young coached them up over Facetime. Once healthy, he's expected to earn a spot in the pass rush rotation. They were a two-year starter for the Bruins after overcoming some early academic issues. They lined up at left and right defensive end in the Bruins' four-man front, standing up and putting their hand on the ground. They were a legitimate candidate for Pac-12 defensive player of the year last season with 10 sacks.“McKinley has the explosive pass-rush potential to terrorize NFL quarterbacks, projecting in both 3-4 and 4-3 schemes,” wrote Dan Brugler in their 2017 NFL draft report.
1. Dontari Poe, defensive tackle. This was a shrewd free agency signing as the Falcons signed them to a one-year $8 million make-good deal. “Poe is an athletic, big guy that can push the pocket,” general manager Thomas Dimitroff said. “He will add to our defensive line group and will mix nicely with (Vic) Beasley, Jarrett, (Derrick) Shelby and (Adrian) Clayborn. We are happy to be able to add them to our roster.” Poe has recorded 202 total tackles in 78 games played – 76 started – while also recording 13 sacks, 12 passes defensed, two forced fumbles and one fumble recovery. Last season, Poe played in all 16 games, while recording 27 total tackles – 18 solo - with 1.5 sacks, three passes defensed, and one forced fumble.
May 12, 2017, Flowery Branch: Falcons first-round pick rookie defensive end/linebacker Takkarist McKinley, UCLA, talks with coaches during rookie mini-camp on Friday, May 12, 2017, in Flowery Branch. Curtis Compton/ccompton@ajc.com
2017 ATLANTA FALCONS 90-MAN ROSTER ANALYSIS
Part 1: Quarterbacks
Part2: Running backs
Part 3: Wide receivers
Part 4: Tight ends
Part 5: Offensive line
Part 6: Defensive line
Part: 7: Linebackers
Part 8: Cornerbacks
Part 9: Safeties
Part 10: Specialists
WONDER WOMAN #34 hits shelves soon, and DC Comics has given ComicsVerse the exclusive preview! Previously in WONDER WOMAN, Grail, the daughter of the notorious supervillain Darkseid, embarked on a journey to kill those with the life of the gods in them. This murderous spree is no random quest. Rather, they are attempting to refuel their father with the energy they once had so they can return to their former glory. So, as they continued their violent frenzy, Darkseid expressed an interest in a young man named Jason. To Grail's surprise, Darkseid revealed that they had no intentions on killing the young man. Instead, they had something else in mind for him.
Why did Darkseid choose not to kill Jason, at least not yet? Well, because Jason is the twin brother of Wonder Woman. Their character made their first appearance in JUSTICE LEAGUE VOL. 2 #50. However, they were first revealed to exist during The Darkseid Wars when Grail's dying mother, Myrina, informed Wonder Woman of their brother's existence. As Myrina passed away, the only words they managed to say declared that Jason is the “true chosen one.”
The preview for WONDER WOMAN #34 hints at a return to the series' conventional narrative form. We revisit Wonder Woman's perspective after exploring that of Grail's. This issue also serves as the third part to the “Children of the Gods” story arc, and it looks like there will be a significant shift in the plot as Wonder Woman finally meets their twin. In regard to the images provided by DC Comics, the reunion between the two siblings appears to be a happy one!
Despite this, one cannot help but wonder if this joyous bond will last for the two. Also, why did Myrina call Jason the chosen one? Does Darkseid have an ulterior motive with Jason? Will Jason and Wonder Woman subsequently form an alliance by the blood they share, or will Jason express resentment towards their Amazonian family?
So many questions, so little time before we get the answers in WONDER WOMAN #34!
Can't wait until November 8th? Check out our exclusive preview below!
WONDER WOMAN #34 Exclusive Preview Image Gallery
‘Next generation TV guide' Tweek.tv has finally launched its free iPad app, which provides a socially-curated hub for on-demand film and live television.
Unlike its web-app beta incarnation, Tweek.tv's finalized product is a native iPad app that — after being officially unveiled at the London Web Summit on Monday — is now live in the iTunes store for customers in the UK and Germany.
Advertisement
The app effectively provides a discovery layer that spans several distinct islands of online film and TV content. It recommends programming mostly through the likes taken from your Facebook friends — and doesn't host content itself, but rather forwards the user to partners such as iTunes and the BBC. That's ironic, because content from the latter is only available to German customers since British license-fee payers can't get the BBC's iPad app.
When I caught up with the Tweek.tv team recently, they suggested that in the future their recommendation data would also take in sources such as IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes, not just Facebook.
Tweek.tv's referral-led approach makes licensing unnecessary and keeps the service legal (and, its Nokia alumni founders hope, profitable). Of course, each content partnership comes with regional restrictions, so the service could be a tad unpredictable during international travel.
In the UK, the partners include iTunes, Vimeo, YouTube and Crackle – Tweek.tv says it's also working on a Netflix agreement “but this is taking longer”. For Germany, the service takes in content from iTunes, YouTube, Vimeo, BBC iPlayer, dailyme, MyVideo.tv, ZDF Mediathek and Eurosport Live.
It's a good-looking app but probably not yet optimized to take advantage of the third generation iPad's high resolution, given the fact that the device only hit shelves last Friday. That said, the team told me the beefed-up graphics of the new iPad makes the app “way faster”.
Here are a couple of screenshots:
A Spanish physiotherapist working at a Red Cross hospital in northern Afghanistan has been shot dead by a patient, the group says.
Lorena Enebral Perez, 38, was killed at the aid group's rehabilitation centre in the city of Mazar-e Sharif.
They were taken to the Nato military base hospital at Camp Marmal, but died of their injuries.
Two people have been arrested, including the 21-year-old shooter who police said was a "regular patient".
Police told the BBC the men had disabilities, and had hidden guns in their plastic prosthetic legs. The motive for the attack is not yet known.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said Ms Perez had worked treating men, women and children with disabilities, including amputees.
"Energetic and full of laughter, Lorena was the heart of our office in Mazar. Today, our hearts are broken," said Monica Zanarelli, the ICRC's chief in Afghanistan.
"Lorena was a skilled and caring physiotherapist who assisted patients, especially children. The violent fluctuations of life seem particularly cruel today."
The aid worker's murder is the latest deadly attack on the Red Cross in northern Afghanistan, where Taliban and Islamic State militants have wreaked violence in recent years.
Most of the group's programmes in the north have been on hold since February, when six of its staff were ambushed and shot dead in Jowzjan province.
Two of their colleagues were kidnapped and only released by their captors last week.
Five people were wounded in shootings across the city Saturday afternoon into Sunday morning, and one person was stabbed.
The most recent shooting left a 23-year-old man in critical condition at Mount Sinai Hospital. They were shot about 3:50 a.m. Sunday at an Englewood neighborhood party in the 5800 block of South Wolcott Avenue after two people outside a car they were sitting in started fighting, police said. Someone started shooting and the man was wounded. A friend dropped them off at Holy Cross Hospital and they were transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital, where they remain.
A man walked into Norwegian American Hospital with a gunshot wound to their hip about 11:15 p.m. Saturday. They told police they were wounded near Augusta Boulevard and Washtenaw Avenue in the Humboldt Park neighborhood but police found no crime scene there. The 26-year-old is in good condition, police said.
Someone shot a 36-year-old in the abdomen about 8 p.m. It's not entirely clear where they were shot: they told police they were wounded at Independence Boulevard and Harrison Street on the West Side but then called police from the Eisenhower Expressway. They gave investigators from the Illinois State Police and the Chicago Police Department conflicting stories. They were taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County with an abdomen wound.
In an earlier attack, in the Rogers Park neighborhood on the Far North Side, a 24-year-old man was shot in the 1700 block of West Farwell Avenue about 1:30 p.m., said Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Thomas Sweeney. The man was shot in the left calf and their condition had been stabilized at Presence St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, Sweeney said.
CTA buses were temporarily rerouted from Clark Street in the area, according to the CTA.
In the Back of the Yards neighborhood about 12:45 p.m., an acquaintance discovered a 26-year-old man shot in the chest in the driver's seat of a car in the 5200 block of South Hoyne Avenue, Sweeney said. The acquaintance drove the man to Holy Cross Hospital, and the victim was being transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition, Sweeney said.
In an unrelated attack on the Northwest Side, a man was stabbed and seriously wounded in the Mayfair neighborhood Saturday afternoon. The man was stabbed in the arm during a fight in the 4300 block of West Lawrence around 3:07 p.m., and taken in serious condition to Mount Sinai Hospital, Sweeney said. Area North detectives were investigating.
A woman who said they were driving home with their mother after running errands saw firefighters trying to help a man who was lying on the ground, apparently unconscious.
They said there was blood splattered on the ground and people were crowding the area. They couldn't tell what the man's injuries were, just that they were trying to get them into an ambulance.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
About the “Shield of Valoran”
One of the rarest supports to be found on the Rift is surely one of the oldest supports out there, as well as one of the most beloved. Now, they might not be the best pick in the current meta, but other than being a rare pocket pick they can truly turn the game around and help carry your team to victory if played the right way, against an adequate team composition.
For the last two seasons I have only once found myself playing against a Taric in lane so if you worry about mirror match-ups in normal games, you can be sure that the chances are next to none when picking Taric.
They were recently completely reworked and as of the latest patch (6.12) they are in a somewhat strange place.  They are neither as easy as they once are (although they aren't hard by any stretch of the imagination), nor is they overpowered/underpowered. They shouldn't be played in every comp since they have a very particular set of skills.
I started playing Taric a couple of seasons ago when I first started being a support main. They had an extremely fun kit and was nearly unkillable. The enemy team never focuses you because by the time late game comes, you have around 400 armor and over 3k health, so you don't have to worry about bad positioning in team fights, no matter how you position they will rarely attack you, meanwhile you would shred their armor, buff your teammates with your ultimate and, when needed, stun the enemy carry with a point and click stun.
They went great with a couple of AD Carries, and while in lane, with the right rune and mastery setup, they were one of the tankiest supports out there.
Now it's a bit of a different story. Let's take a look at their new kit:
Abilities
PASSIVE: Bravado
Their passive is a simple one. After casting an ability, their next two basic attacks deal increased damage and reduce theirs cooldowns.
Q: Starlight's Touch
Taric's Q ability is still a Head albeit a different one. Now it stores charges, up to three. It takes 15s to get one charge and you heal yourself as well as an ally that your W ability is tethered to. (more on that below) Now this ability is nice since it is a Head and those are always great to have while laning but it's really weak compared to Nami's heal. After a couple of these when out of combat you can really feel the difference but in the long run it's not something that is going to benefit you too greatly.
W: Bastion
This ability has a passive and an active component. Passively, it increases Taric's armor as well as the armor of the teammate it's tethered to. When you activate it, it gives you and your ally a shield for 2.5 seconds for a percent of their maximum health.
You will be using this ability only for tethering, changing the tether target and giving the active shield. It's not a lot, but you should use it strategically. The shield also isn't something to write home about but it can be a life-saver when needed.
E: Dazzle
This is your bread and butter. After a 1 second delay, Taric blasts their hammer in a straight direction and if an enemy is to be found at the end of it —they're getting stunned for up to 1.75s. (the duration scales with level)
Now, first of all this ability is a skillshot, so you can miss it easily. The visual indicator also looks a bit longer than the ability actually is, so you should also have that in mind. It takes some time to get used to, especially if you're used to the old Taric, but nothing too special.
Now for the catch. It can stun multiple targets! On top of that, not only does Taric get a beam that can stun but their tethered ally gets one as well. So in theory you have an even bigger chance to land that skillshot, and you can also use it in teamfights. Realistically, when the fight starts you usually can't see much when all the ability effects start to stack up, (depending on the number of participants and the champions used) so having two stunning beams is something really beneficial.
R: Cosmic Radiance
After a 2.5s delay, a mysterious cosmic energy makes Taric and their tethered ally invulnerable for 2.5s. The amazing thing here is that any other ally that is inside the aura when the ability activates also gets affected, so in theory your whole team can be invulnerable for that duration.
Depending on what you're going for, this is a miraculous ability. It is more than enough to change the direction your fight is going, and you can use it for diving your enemies and any other purpose. It has a longer cooldown, but with your passive and the Frozen Heart (20% cooldown reduction) it goes down a significant amount.
As for the order in which you level up your abilities, you can check the very in-depth statistics from the latest patch.
Obama to GOP: 'You can't have the keys back!'
By Matt DeLong
After their speech on Iraq Monday, President Obama attended a Democratic National Committee fundraiser at the same Atlanta hotel. Obama delivered a revved-up version of the stump speech that they have given in recent weeks -- and that you will no doubt be hearing throughout the fall. The president said the Republican Party lack one "single, solitary new idea" and are "betting on amnesia" to help them in November. During a bit that drew hearty laughs from the Democratic audience, they likened the GOP to a driver who has gone into a ditch, and after not helping to push the car out, demands the keys back.
"You can't have the keys back," Obama exclaimed. "You don't know how to drive!"
Watch:
(More politics coverage at PostPolitics.com)
Ginza department store Matsuya is offering a yukata virtual fitting service as part of Ginza Yukata Week from July 22nd.
The summer kimono service means you can try a range of yukatas without having to go to the trouble of actually putting them on — quite a time-consuming process with kimono. You select the designs you like from photos and then the screen shows the yukata being “worn” on your body.
We've seen plenty of these kinds of virtual wardrobe systems over the years (the tech this time is courtesy of Toshiba) but it's nice to see a traditional department store offering it — and for yukata too, which, while iconic, is not as popular with younger consumers as you'd imagine.
As inbound tourism to Japan continues to boom, Matsuya also has its eye on customers from overseas.
From mid-August the store will offer a simultaneous Chinese-Japanese translation system for five boutiques on the second floor. Chinese customers will be able to “talk” to Japanese members of staff via the tablet. The service will be available until mid-September.
Formerly staid Ginza is seeing large crowds again, thanks to the increase in Asian tourists. This is part of the reason the department stores are putting efforts into retail. Some of the projects, though, are just gimmicks, such as the android receptionist who welcomed visitors at Mitsukoshi earlier in the year.
You know that whole hatred of airports thing I told you about, and how Jamba Juice is their one saving grace?
Well, my affection for this smoothie shop has grown even greater recently with the addition of their green smoothie line. No longer just fruit, they also pack a vegetable punch (ftw)!
My absolute favorite green smoothie at the moment is their ‘Greens and Ginger' smoothie. You guys, I'm straight up addicted.
I think you know where this is going. Let's make a smoothie!
This smoothie is a 1-blender situation, requiring only 5 minutes and 5 ingredients to prepare!
Because peaches are out of season here in Oregon, I relied on organic frozen fruit. It's not quite as good as the fresh, in-season stuff, but I simply couldn't wait, and it was enough to satisfy my cravings for this insanely delicious smoothie.
As soon as summer gets here, though, I intend to buy up all the peaches I see and freeze them for future smoothie bliss. I am not kidding – all the peaches.
What you need to know about this smoothie: It's
Smooth, but not overly creamy
Perfectly tart
Not too sweet
Loaded with greens, but masks their flavor well
Gingery
Fruity
Healthy
Delicious
The old me craved smoothies that tasted like a peanut butter milkshake, or a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. But these days, I find myself gravitating toward gingery, tart green smoothies with only a little sweetness. Call me mature, why don't you. OK seriously, I'm waiting though…
If you try this smoothie, it would make me oh-so happy. Let us know what you think if you do! Leave a comment, rate it, and don't forget to take a picture and tag it #minimalistbaker on Instagram so we can be smoothie buddies. Cheers, friends!
James Salter's outline for their novel, Light Years, which Jhumpa Lahiri wrote about today. Writes Lahiri, “In the beginning it was the light, the warmth of the novel that enchanted me.” Note how Salter is careful to think of the seasons as they move through the chapters. At the top of the page, Salter identifies a short list of possible titles for the novel, including The Feast Is Ended, New Life, and New Lives. On the bottom portion of this page, in their notes related to the fifth chapter, Salter writes, Life Is Meals. More than thirty years later, they would repurpose this phrase as the title of their 2006 book, cowritten with their wife, Kay Salter.
The Salter archives reside with the Harry Ransom Center, in Austin Texas.
Szczesny could be fined by the club following reports they smoked in the showers defeat by Southampton on New Year's Day John Walton/PA
Arsène Wenger has laid down the law to their Arsenal players by telling them that any of them caught smoking on club duty from now on will be sent to train with the youth team for the rest of the season.
It is understood that Wojciech Szczesny's ill-advised puff in the shower after the defeat by Southampton on New Year's Day was not the first time that an Arsenal player has been apprehended for smoking in the dressing room and Wenger has resolved to clamp down.
Szczesny was not singled out for criticism when Wenger addressed their players on the subject this week, the manager instead making it clear to the squad that any repeat of the goalkeeper's actions would be punished severely. The Poland…
Rich and poor students don't merely enroll in college at different rates; they also complete it at different rates. The graduation gap is even wider than the enrollment gap.
In 2002, researchers with the National Center for Education Statistics started tracking a cohort of 15,000 high school sophomores. The project, called the Education Longitudinal Study, recorded information about the students' academic achievement, college entry, work history and college graduation. A recent publication examines the completed education of these young people, who are now in their late 20s.
The study divided students into four equally sized groups, or quartiles, depending on their parents' education, income and occupation. The students in the lowest quartile had parents with the lowest income and education, more likely to work in unskilled jobs. Those in the highest quartile had parents with the highest income and education, those more likely to be professionals or managers.
In both groups, most of the teenagers had high hopes for college. Over all, more than 70 percent of sophomores planned to earn a bachelor's degree. In the top quartile, 87 percent expected to get at least a bachelor's, with 24 percent aiming for an advanced degree.
A Navajo named Tom Torlino is photographed in 1890 after completing a three-year course at the Carlisle Indian School, in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. (AP Photo/Cumberland County Historical Society)
My grandmother still recalls the day when the Indian agent came to the Canim Lake Indian Reserve in British Columbia, Canada, to round up the children and take them away to the residential school. They remember how their parents tried to hide them with a cousin in a backwoods cabin, and how the whole community wailed when government officials took the children on the back of a cattle truck to the Williams Lake residential school.
The Roman Catholic Church operated the school with funding from the Canadian government. Its mandate -- like Indian schools operated throughout Canada and the U.S. at the time -- was to proselytize, civilize and assimilate the local Native peoples with a Catholic and industrial school education.
My grandmother recalls how the little girls would speak their native language in hushed tones, calling the nuns "kenkeknem," which means "black bear" in the Shuswap language. They also remember how they were beaten when they were caught speaking Shuswap, and eventually how they grew to hate their language, culture and themselves for being Indian.
The experiences my grandmother lived through were the result of a broader assault waged on indigenous rights and culture across Canada and the United States during the 19th and 20th centuries. Indeed, their experience is strikingly similar to that of the late Lakota musician and activist, Floyd Red Crow Westerman. Westerman said in a 2008 interview with NPR that they would "never forget how all the mothers were crying" as they watched their children being taken away on a bus from the Lake Traverse Indian Reservation in South Dakota in 1946, the same year my grandmother was taken.
Throughout Indian Country, there are many experiences like Westerman's, which Native Americans must patch together to create a vague picture of the nation's legacy of abuse against Native children and families. It's a legacy that the United States would prefer to forget. Canada, on the other hand, has acknowledged that it can no longer hide from its past, beginning a process that has put Native people like my grandmother on a path toward healing.
For decades, their ordeal and those of Native communities across Canada went unheard by the broader Canadian public. In 2008, however, the cries of survivors of the nation's Indian residential schools led Prime Minister Stephen Harper to issue an apology and led to the creation of a national Truth and Reconciliation Commission later that year.
On Tuesday, after six years of work, the commission released a summary of its findings, which describes the residential school system as a form of cultural genocide.
While the full six-volume report isn't due out until later this year, the summary contains both an unvarnished account of the system's cruelty and a set of recommendations to chart a path forward.
The report found that more than 6,000 of the roughly 150,000 students at the residential schools, or roughly 1 in 25, died. This is slightly higher than the 1 in 26 rate at which Canadians died in World War II. In the early years of the program, half of all children who attended the schools perished.
The commission will establish an archive at the University of Manitoba to house the experiences of 6,750 survivors who spoke with its members, my grandmother's story among them. This repository will serve as a permanent reminder of the human cost of the 139 schools that operated in Canada between 1883 and 1996.
The report's 94 recommendations include suggested changes to the oath of Canadian citizenship to recognize existing treaties with Native nations. Multiple recommendations advise the Canadian government to adopt and implement the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. All aim to "redress the legacy of residential schools and advance the process of Canadian reconciliation."
The report also raises questions about the experiences of some 100,000 Native children swept up south of the 49th parallel, at one of almost 500 Native American boarding schools in the U.S, the first of which opened in 1879.
The Native American boarding school system began in the United States in 1875, when Army Lt. Richard Henry Pratt shipped 72 Arapaho, Caddo, Cheyenne, Comanche and Kiowa prisoners of war across the continent to St. Augustine, Florida. There, Pratt had the prisoners instructed in English and converted to Christianity.
Seeing their efforts at assimilation as largely successful, Pratt opened the Carlisle Indian School in Pennsylvania in 1879. The doctrine espoused by its founder: "Kill the Indian and Save the Man."
Scholars such as Andrea Smith, David Wallace Adams and Brenda Child have researched the history of Native American boarding schools. Their work, which documents physical and sexual abuse, rampant disease, negligent healthcare and the system's destructive legacy suggests that the scandal of Native American boarding schools in the U.S. is on par with the residential school system in Canada.
In recent years, the National Native American Boarding School Healing Coalition has led calls for healing and reconciliation for survivors of the boarding school system. They have received support from numerous national, regional and tribal organizations, including the National Congress of American Indians, National Indian Health Board, National Indian Education Association and the National Indian Child Welfare Association.
"Our goal is healing and reconciliation, and for healing and reconciliation, what we need is acknowledgement and the acceptance of responsibility by the federal government and the Christian denominations for the conception and implementation of this policy," said Donald Wharton, spokesperson for the Native American Rights Fund, the legal representative of the National Native American Boarding School Healing Coalition.
"What we are interested in is the resources to support the processes for healing of individual communities in Indian Country," they added.
However, the push to redress past grievances against Native Americans faces challenges unique to the U.S. judicial system. Unlike in Canada, suing the federal government is difficult because of statutes of limitations, Wharton explained, which severely limit the ability of former boarding-school students to sue.
For example, South Dakota legislators passed a statute in 2010 blocking anyone over 40 from suing an institution, such as the church, for childhood sexual abuse. This severely curtails the legal pressure former students of boarding schools can apply on the government.
Without the sort of inquiry that Canada has committed to -- and with few options for legal recourse -- broad understanding of the experiences of generations of Native American children who faced the systematic erasure of their culture (and worse) remains lacking, said Andrea Carmen, executive director of the International Indian Treaty Council and a board member of the National Native American Boarding School Healing Coalition.
Increasing public knowledge about the Native American boarding schools is an important first step, they added.
The Progressive Conservative Youth of Alberta (PCYA) has appointed longtime PC operative Alan Hallman an honourary chair.
The group, which is described on the PCYA website as being the “youth wing” of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta (PCAA), said in a statement they are honouring “Hallman's 35-years of contribution to the party” and for “welcoming hundreds of young Albertans into our party during the 2017 leadership race.”
The statement, released on Monday, came just one day after Hallman was suspended from the PCAA for inappropriate behavior.
READ MORE: Jason Kenney reacts after former campaign member's PC party membership pulled
In total, nine out of 15 members' names appear on the letter stating Hallman is the new honorary chair.
Statement on behalf of the Progressive Conservative Youth of Alberta: pic.twitter.com/N1y5VtH8OR — PC Youth (@pcyouthalberta) January 16, 2017
The letter from the PCYA goes on to defend their decision and call out the PCAA for their suspension.
“Though we are disappointed in decisions that disproportionately attack and discredit members of our party, the PC Youth of Alberta is committed to providing support and gratitude too respected Albertan's like Mr. Hallman who not only have offered years of loyalty and service to our party and province, but continue to do so even when faced with adversity.”
“The majority of voting members on my exec. thought it was an appropriate response to what we saw happen on last Saturday, our point is defending the good members of the PCAA, Alan Hallman who's been a great friend and good mentor to all of us,” PCYA President Sonia Kont said.
READ MORE: Expelled Alberta PC organizer seeks reinstatement, says they were denied due process
PCYA Vice President for Southern Alberta, Sierra Garner, is one of the names not one the list. They say they found out about the decision through social media.
“There was no vote, there was no meeting for this appointment,” Garner said. “This directly goes against what the party has decided, the party has come to a unanimous decision on suspending Mr. Hallman's membership.”
She's not the only one to voice frustrations, other members not on the letter took to twitter.
I'd like to add as a current @pcyouthalberta exec member this letter was written without my knowledge or consent #ableg #pcldr https://t.co/Os9CPXOzxK — Kyle Hoyda (@Hoyda) January 17, 2017
As the Vice President Events for @pcyouthalberta ,I have not been consulted or contacted before the issuing of the statement tonight #alpoli — Alexandra (@AliGingerbert) January 17, 2017
@markusoff as PCYA VP central I was not informed of a meeting. As per constitution, Hon. chair must be PCAA Member in good standing. — Natalie Warren (@nataliemariaa) January 17, 2017
Meanwhile, others went on to share their ongoing support for signing the letter, including the president:
Garner said this goes against the board's constitution that says in part, “the executive committee shall appoint the honourary chair with advice from the PCYA executive … the honourary chair is a member of the progressive conservative association of Alberta in good standing.”
“He isn't even a member or in good standing because their membership taken away,” Garner said.
The PCYA president calls it a grey area.
“If we think Alan Hallman is in good standing in the party, it gets passed I guess the only issue would be if the PCAA board doesn't agree with our motion they could override our constitution … I'm not too sure where that is going to go. ”
See here for the e mail i sent to our president regarding this evenings events #AbLeg #pcaa #pcya pic.twitter.com/qkJNnUvl1y — Sierra Garner (@SierraGarner7) January 17, 2017
An emergency PCYA meeting has been called for Wednesday night. PCAA board president and executive director has been asked to attend over a conference call.
“I'm scared that the PCAA board is going to take it into their own hands and decide to dissolve the board,” Garner said.
Kont says she's confident that won't happen and doesn't regret the decision to appoint Hallman as honourary chair.
“Despite this whole situation which might look like a lot of division within my board, I have a very hardworking board. I think we have had issues (like these) before, but we always come together as a team to make the right choice,” Kont said.
What's keeping you up at night? If you're like many of us, it's work worries.
Fully 44% of American workers say they have lost sleep because they were worrying about work, with roughly one in four saying this happens to them at least once a week, according to a survey of 3,200 workers conducted by Harris Poll on behalf of CareerBuilder. Another survey from 2013 of more than 1,400 employees yielded even higher numbers: three in four had lost sleep over work issues.
Check out the March jobs report
That may be because — even more so than in the past — work is stressing us out, often to the point of sleeplessness. Employee cases related to stress jump 28% over three years, according to data from employee wellness program provider Workplace Options, which looked at data from more than 100,000 employees, and has a vested interest in helping employees overcome this stress.
That said, psychologists and workplace consultants have seen a similar trend. “Numerous studies show that job stress is far and away the major source of stress for American adults and that it has escalated progressively over the past few decades,” according to The American Institute of Stress.
One reason: Thanks to technology, we are connected to our jobs more than ever before. “The 9-to-5 is now 24/7,” says Orange County-based workplace consultant Kristi Daniels. “Work and life boundaries are blurred or dissolving altogether.”
Furthermore, in some cases, there are fewer people doing more jobs. “Many jobs cut during the financial downturn haven't been replaced, and employees don't know if their employers plan to fill those positions,” says Rosemary Haefner, the chief human resources officer for CareerBuilder. “Because of that, workloads have increased, but not in line with raises.”
American workers are taking on more responsibilities, multi-tasking more and dividing their time among many different tasks, says A.J. Marsden, an assistant professor of human services and psychology at Beacon College in Leesburg, Fla.; that, in turn “splits our attention and we are more likely to make mistakes, which in turn causes more stress.”
What's more, sleep difficulties can make it more difficult to manage stress, says psychotherapist Holly Parker, who lectures at Harvard on psychology topics. “It's a troubling snowball of stress and sleep deprivation, fueling itself.”
So what can workers due to minimize workplace stress (and thus improve their sleep)? “Manage your electronics,” says life coach Melissa Heisler, the author of From Type A to Type Me: How to Stop “Doing” Life and Start Living It. “When the communication pops up, you stop what you are doing, you read the email, and you say oh it's not urgent, and you go back to your project and then another email pops up and you do the same thing,” they explain. “This is an amazing waste of time and focus. Turn off notifications for your email, texts and social media. Instead carve out time slots during the day to check communications.”
It's also important to exercise, says CareerBuilder's Haefner: “Regular exercise can increase self-confidence, relax you and lower symptoms associated with stress and anxiety.” And Parker says that a diet rich in omega-3s, found in fish, and high in fruits and vegetables can combat stress. Other experts recommend meditation and yoga.
But, of course, some work situations are simply untenable and you may need to find a new job. The good news: there are more job openings than there have been in years, government data shows.
Trump has faced the wrath of journalists, reporters, and social media users over their remarks.' In fact, they even got a name as an “enemy of progress” This year in February on the seventeen had an issue with the American media where they told them to change their attitude and articulate problems affecting the people of the United States.
On their Twitter handle, most of the tweets are negative and had an attack primarily on with the North Koreans when they tied to show their might using The nuclear missiles. While at the oceanfront estate they accused the media as fake merely because they negatively portrayed their action and leadership in the running of the US economy.
In fact, in reply to a follower, they told one black man, “you can follow you black President wherever they are” This is about the former US who was a black. There was an outburst among their Twitter followers of which most of them condemned them for being a blatant racist. The resignation of a nominee in their the government was a clear indication of the extent to which some of their leadership skills have on the public servants.
Something uncommon with the media, they took to their platforms to condemn some of their weird actions. In their defense, they just said that the media blow simple things out of proportion to serve their masters. People now ask, which are our masters, do they now expect them to do wrong things and the media keeps quiet about them?
Online users took to the social networks to applaud the media for their unbiased reports. The press is supposed to be independent and say things as they are with no addition or subtraction to fulfill a political agenda.
Trump also came in to accuse the same media that they gain mileage by spreading malice. Of course, that is not the case, all they do is just to try and become relevant to substantiate some of their actions which have received negative publicity.
This was the time when Trump was seen to be emotional when giving a state of the nation address about their remarks. It was the news coming from Washington DC in a bid for the great president to show their might in a smart way of gaining control over the media. In their speech, they never spares the bloggers some online magazines and intelligence personnel who they accused of being behind leakage of some crucial information to the media
Trump said, how could these people have access to such top-level secret.”
This is one President who is very active on Twitter and does not hesitate to publicly burst anyone who stands in their way or does not support their ideologies.
This is the day Trump came face to face with the wrath of mainstream media as well as online users. Although this is not a surprise, Trump, right from the campaign rallies, they had an arrogant attitude, and they never minced their words when they attacked their primary opponent, Hillary Clinton.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - A top ranked Chinese official began a rare visit to Hong Kong on Tuesday vowing to listen to residents' political concerns, seeking to address increasingly strident calls in the city for greater autonomy or even independence from the mainland.
A local protester against mainland Chinese parallel traders carries a British Hong Kong colonial flag in Hong Kong, China, May 1, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
The visit by Zhang Dejiang, the first by a senior Chinese figure since the 2014 Occupy democracy protests, was officially to attend an economic summit.
However, their first comments addressed the hot button political issue of Hong Kong's relationship with China, a topic that has sparked fierce debate in the Asian financial hub.
“(I will listen to) all sectors of society's suggestions and demands on how ... the country and Hong Kong should develop,” Zhang told reporters at Hong Kong airport.
Following the unsuccessful Occupy protests of 2014, a handful of activists has been calling for an outright breakaway from China, a move some say would imperil Hong Kong's economic and political future.
“These young people have no idea that they could be putting Hong Kong on a potentially dangerous collision course with the motherland and bringing an unmitigated disaster,” wrote former top Hong Kong security official Regina Ip in a recent editorial in the state-run China Daily.
Tensions in the city are high, with thousands police mobilized for Zhang's visit.
Local media reported pavement bricks were being glued down to quell the prospect of violent protests while police were camping atop a mountain where a pro-democracy banner was hung two years ago.
A banner demanding “true universal suffrage” was hung on a different mountaintop on Tuesday morning.
“(We) are facing a very great threat from China: Our culture, our language, our people... we are dying!” Chan Ho-tin, the head of the newly-formed National party, told Reuters.
“Do (Hong Kong people) want to be a Chinese city or do they want to be an independent country? There are only two choices,” said Chan, whose party is expected to contest legislative elections in September.
Joshua Wong, another prominent young activist who launched a new political party called Demosisto this year, wouldn't rule out taking an independence line in upcoming campaigns.
“The problem with young people is that they are not 100 percent pre-occupied with economic considerations,” said Michael Tien, a Hong Kong delegate to China's parliament, the National People's Congress, which Zhang heads.
“A lot of young people saying they don't want development, they want a better environment, they want better work-life balance, they want better quality of life.”
“CLOSELY MONITORED”
Hong Kong guarantees freedom of expression under the agreement that saw Britain return its former colony to Beijing in 1997, but authorities haven't ruled out taking action against pro-independence activists.
“Any suggestion that (Hong Kong) should be independent or any movement to advocate such independence... would be inconsistent with the legal status of Hong Kong,” the Department of Justice (DOJ) told Reuters.
The DOJ said it was watching for “possible criminal activities” and would “closely monitor the situation, maintain close liaison with the relevant law enforcement agencies, and take such action as may be necessary.”
Hong Kong authorities said the “counter-terrorism security measures” were needed to ensure the safety of dignitaries during the visit.
Hong Kong relies on China for vast sections of its economy, as well as much of its food, water and electricity, making independence almost impossible in practice.
China's foreign ministry said pushing for independence would harm Hong Kong's security, prosperity and stability.
“A lot of people in Hong Kong have jobs associated with the mainland,” said Holden Chow, vice-chairperson of the DAB party, Hong Kong's largest pro-Beijing political party.
“If there are no more economic ties... then where are the jobs? There would be a rise in unemployment.”
Slideshow (2 Images)
Observers with close ties to Chinese officials say one of Zhang's priorities will be establishing relations with more moderate democrats to lower the heat.
“He will send a positive signal to any pan-democrat who is willing to have a dialogue with China,” Tien said.
“This must be one of their key missions: To make sure the signal is strong enough that the electorate won't lambast the moderate pan-democrats and give all their votes to the extremists.”
An NSA inspector general who strongly criticised Edward Snowden in 2014 for not coming to them with their concerns about NSA's domestic eavesdropping practices is facing termination for having retaliated at another whistleblower who followed protocol.
Dr George Ellard, a Yale-trained lawyer and former prosecutor, was tasked with overseeing the NSA for nine years.
During a panel discussion at Georgetown University Law Center in Washington in 2014, Ellard argued if Snowden had come to them with their concerns – instead of leaking thousands of classified documents – they would have received the same protections as other NSA employees. The NSA has a special complaints hotline which receives about a thousand reports annually from employees.
Yet according to Project on Government Oversight (Pogo), an independent watchdog that investigates corruption to help reform the US government, Ellard was the subject of an eight-month-long enquiry that ended in May 2015. This probe, which was unclassified but not public, looked into allegations of retaliation against an NSA employee, although no details of this hearing are publicly available.
Pogo also learned that an external review panel of Presidential Policy Directive 19 (implemented by Obama in 2013 to help whistleblowers report wrongdoing) was convened for the first time ever about their case.
US government officials (and anonymous sources) confirmed to Pogo that, at the end of the enquiry, Ellard was issued with a notice of proposed termination by the NSA's director Admiral Michael Roger. However, Ellard is still listed as an NSA employee who is "on administrative leave", and they are currently waiting for Secretary of Defense Ash Carter to respond to their appeal over the termination notice.
First whistleblowing retaliation case scrutinised by US government
The case is unprecedented as it was the first time that an external review panel was convened to look into such a matter, and it was composed of three of the US government's most experienced watchdogs – the CIA, the Treasury and the Justice Department.
Even more unusual is the fact that the review panel reversed an earlier decision made by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, which investigated Ellard but was unable to substantiate any alleged retaliation.
The NSA, Ellard and their lawyer are all not responding to requests for comment. Pogo sent questions to the NSA employee who was the victim of retaliation on Ellard, and the employee answered the questions, but as yet has not received approval from the NSA to release the answers to the watchdog.
"The finding against Ellard is extraordinary and unprecedented. This is the first real test drive for a new process of protecting intelligence whistleblowers. Until now, they've been at the mercy of their own agencies, and dependent on the whims of their superiors. This process is supposed to provide them security and a procedural foothold," said Stephen Aftergood, Director of the Secrecy Program at the Federation of American Scientists.
"The case, which is still in progress, offers hopeful signs that the new framework may be working."
Page 1 of 2
Over the last few weeks and months, a lot has been said about the German youth development in football - whether it was regarding club football or the national team - and more importantly, from an English perspective, in which areas Germany has an advantage over England.
However, coverage usually stops there. There is rarely a full description of how youth development in Germany is set up, or only bits and pieces are thrown at you. Therefore, I will try to lay out the basic features and stages so you can, first of all compare it to the youth development in your respective country, and also understand more about German football and why it may work as well as it does currently.
In my opinion, there are three main pillars that hold the whole development program together: special football centres, either realised through football bases (usually for the under 11 to under 14s, in some regions even younger groups), elite schools that combine education and football and finally, the academies of the professional clubs. We will discuss that stage in more detail in a minute.
The second pillar is the introduction of competitive leagues, with champions and relegated teams from the under 12 level onwards. This stage teaches the players a winning mentality and a sense of competitiveness. It is not merely about performances, but results are important as well.
The final pillar exists to enable any player to play at the highest level at any given age - particularly from the under 17s onwards. That begins with a real Bundesliga format for the under 17 and under 19 sides and ends with the introduction of B-sides into the highest amateur (4th division) and the lowest professional league (3rd division). But we will come to that again.
However, the best infrastructure is nothing without proper coaches. That is why only licensed (UEFA B license), well trained coaches have been put in charge of these training groups, regardless of whether it is under 18 or under 11 teams. For a youth development to be effective and efficient, you need to know the stages of development. You could listen to Arsène Wenger on this as well.
In general, there are three main stages for each player.
Stage 1 - age 6-14: here, it is all about the improvement of skill and technique. If at the end of that stage, you do not have any technical ability, you probably will not make as a professional footballer.
Stage 2 - age 14-16/17: here, the focus is on preparing the player physically. That does not necessarily mean sending them to the gym five times a week, but rather teaching them how to be physical. How to use the body to shield the ball, how to go into tackles etc,.
The final stage from 16/17 onwards would be the tactical education. Depending on the position, as well as individual cases and exceptions (for example players who suffered long term injuries), the final two stages could be interchanged. It is therefore extremely important that this structure has to be kept in mind and has to be implemented into the teaching methods and structures at basically every level. And with that, we are back at the training of under 11s to under 14s.
From 2002/3 onwards, the German football association started implementing football bases, led by professional coaches, all over the country, with the aim to allow every player access to the best coaching. Not every player in that age group is fortunate enough to play in the academy of a professional club. Hence, if they are good enough, they will be allowed to train at such a DFB base once a week. The main idea of it is to ascertain if players that up to that point, who had not yet been scouted, are still able to improve and become the best player they can be.
On a more personal note, having been part of that program myself, I can confirm it is a vastly enriching experience to train in a group full of quality players and under professional guidance - even if it is just once a week. Success in these bases and subsequent improvement frequently leads to players being given chances or places in the elite schools or academies. To give you an overview of these centres: altogether, there are 366 bases at the moment, spread across the country.
DFB bases (for players that are not part of academies):
Elite schools (high level of education and football training):
Academies (youth system of professional clubs):
Finally, let us come back to the development of the under 17 and under 19 players. As mentioned, for each age group, there is a Bundesliga. Divided into three regional groups, teams play a standard season modus and in the end, the best four teams enter the semi-final. However, this is fairly standard and can be found in most countries to a similar extent. There is a national cup as well, similarly to the FA Youth Cup. Again, fairly standard. The most drastic difference comes in the adult stages, with the introduction of B teams, or 'II teams' as they are called in Germany, into the 3rd or 4th division. For instance, Dortmund's II team is currently playing in the 3rd league while Bayern's II team is part of the Regionalliga Bayern (4th division). All in all, a concept similar to Spain's, where B sides are even allowed to play in the Segunda División, but completely different to the British approach.
Savor: To taste or smell, especially with pleasure. To appreciate fully and enjoy completely.
Enjoy every spoonful before shoveling more food into your mouth.
I used to constantly shovel food into my mouth, spoonful after spoonful, well before actually completing all the chewing or swallowing of the previous spoonful. So you may notice you do too, especially when you're hungry. Learn to be aware of this! I mean, it sounds SO basic, right? I'm basically telling you to chew your food and swallow it before you put more food in your mouth. That's very simple and a “No Duh!” type thing when you read it now, but I bet you do it especially when you are hungry.
Slow things down.
Have you ever timed how long it takes to eat a full meal? It takes 5 minutes or less to eat a full meal if you're eating like most people. If you slow things down, it still only takes about 10 minutes, but that's double the enjoyment! We tend to just attack the food. What's the rush? Take it easy. Enjoy. There's no lack of food. (And if there is a lack, all the more reason to savor it, RIGHT?)
Use a smaller spoon. You don't need a tablespoon of food unless it's soup.
What's the difference between a sliver of ice cream in your mouth or a heaping tablespoon of it? Both have the same amount of delicious flavor but the big heaping spoon of it has 20 times the calories for no god damned reason! It is wasteful.
Ration your food.
Sometimes, we might not even put the food into our own personal bowl. Like have you ever eaten ice cream straight from the container? Sure you have! You could inadvertently eat SO MUCH ice cream if you do that. Always take the moment to ration your food and put it in a bowl so you know how much you have to eat so you could pace yourself. Otherwise you know if you eat it straight from the container you're just going to say, “Okay how about a little bit more” every 30 seconds until next thing you know you've had 9 servings of the stuff.
Feel how digestion starts in the mouth
If you keep chewing food in your mouth without swallowing, you could actually feel the digestive juices in your mouth chemically breaking down the food!
Try this: Put a piece of white bread in your mouth. Chew but DON'T swallow. After a short time (a few seconds to a minute) you'll start to note that the bread is not only withering away into liquid but also tasting sweeter.
Why is this happening? When you chew, you are mechanically breaking down the food. But there's also saliva flowing into your mouth. Within the saliva is an enzyme called amylase which breaks down complex sugars (starch) into simpler sugars (glucose, maltose, etc). Foods like bread, rice and potatoes are foods that are mostly made of starch. Starch is basically a bunch of glucose molecules snapped together and it's how plants store sugar. Starch doesn't taste very sweet but glucose and maltose do! So as you chew the bread you can actually taste this happening! When you TASTE something, what you are tasting is the actual chemical composition of the food.
Why am I telling you all this? I just want you to become more aware of this thing called food which you eat everyday. It's kind of important. It's what binds us all. If there's anything we have in common, it's that we all gotta eat.
In other words, eat like this baby (minus the spoon feeding).
So to recap…
Chew your food completely. The only place your body can mechanically break it down is in your mouth anyway! Enjoy the smells and taste of it start to finish before you shovel more food in your mouth. (And I use the word shovel because it's hilarious and not far from the truth for how fast we could eat. I could also say we inhale the food, because it sure seems that way sometimes.) Have a great day and enjoy the noms!
Stay tuned for part 2 of this post. It'll be about how dieting changed my relationship with food.
Baltimore Sun staff writer Justin George will discuss the appeal case of Adnan Syed, the subject of the popular "Serial" podcast, at noon today on American University Radio, WAMU 88.5, in Washington.
On Friday, the Maryland Court of Special Appeals ruled to reopen Syed's appeal process after they had been denied twice over the past dozen years. Syed, now 33, was convicted of first-degree murder in 2000 and sentenced to life in prison after jurors decided they killed their Woodlawn High School classmate and ex-girlfriend Hae Min Lee in January 1999.
Syed has argued that they received "ineffective counsel" during the trial. They also argued that their lawyer did not investigate an alibi witness who has sworn in affadavits that they are willing to testify that they saw them in a public library at the time prosecutors allege Lee was killed.
The Court of Special Appeals could hear oral arguments for their appeal in June.
cron.weekly issue #66: Git Filesystem, Security, JVM, Fission, Habitat, TLS 1.3 & more!
Welcome to cron.weekly issue #66 for Sunday, February 5th, 2016.
If you managed to attend FOSDEM this weekend, I hope you had fun. The schedule was mind-blowingly big! If you're at Config Management Camp in Ghent on Monday & Tuesday, come say hi – I'll be around too. There are still spots available so you can drop by last-minute.
As for this issue: there's a remarkable Git project from Microsoft, a new container initiative focussed on security and some good guides on using htop, containers and TLS 1.3.
News
This new initiative focusses on container security: by contributing patches to the Kernel Self Protection Project that evolve the primitives in the Linux kernel used by containers (namespaces, cgroups, etc) to be more secure.
There are a lot of open source projects out there that are used by thousands of projects but remain in the shadows, without anyone knowing them. This post explores some of them and makes good note that, one day, these projects – on which many projects rely – could become to the next left-pad or Heartbleed problem.
Many of probably heard of the GitLab data loss incident earlier this week. Many posts have been written, but I like this one as it touches on all the good topics: blameless post-mortems, a good summary and review of the events.
In defence of the Java Virtual Machine, the author looks at how heavy the JVM really is, when you run multiple processes.
If you're going to be buying a new server anytime soon, check out these hard drive statistics: Backblaze has more than 70.000 hard drives running and shows a lot of stats about them, like failure rates, performance, …
Tools & Projects
Track & alert on the health and performance of every server, container, and app in any environment, with Datadog. Sign up for a free 14-day trial. (Sponsored)
Send e-mail marketing campaigns without servers: MoonMail is built entire on the “serverless” architecture of AWS Lambda. Written in Node, it composes and sends all your e-mails through Amazon's SES and Lambda functions.
An embeddable, statically-typed PHP alternative: Lily is an interpreted language with a focus on expressiveness and type safety.
Craft is an open source meta build system and package manager. What was formerly the KDE Windows build tool is now available for any C/C++ application to be built and packaged.
Microsoft introduces the Git file system for use in very large projects. It only downloads the git objects you actually need and can speed up git status/checkout/commits by orders of magnitude for large code bases.
This extension allows you to use native json types in sqlite, the embeddable database.
Ledger is a powerful, double-entry accounting system that is accessed from the UNIX command-line. It's an accounting system. At the command line. How geeky do you have to be to use this? 🙂
Monit is a small Open Source utility for managing and monitoring Unix systems. Monit conducts automatic maintenance and repair and can execute meaningful causal actions in error situations.
Fission is a function as a Service (FaaS) / Serverless function framework built on Kubernetes. Fission allows you to easily create HTTP services on Kubernetes from functions. It works at the source level and abstracts away container images (in most cases).
Guides & Tutorials
The documentation for doing so are pretty spot on: you can limit memory & CPU shares per container in a variety of ways.
This guide covers all the necessities: max open files, increasing the TCP ephemeral port range, increasing the connection tracking limit, …
It might take a while before you can use TLS 1.3 of you're on CentOS/Red Hat releases, but this is a very good introduction on the topic nonetheless.
Chef's Habitat and Docker containers seemingly do the same thing: package applications in a neat, convenient method. This post goes into more details to highlight where the differences and strengths lie.
Lots of good novice content for getting start with Linux, from choosing a Linux distro to using a package manager to giving tips on what software to run. If you've run Linux before, this probably isn't for you.
This post answers a lot of questions, not only for developers, about using, running and developing with Docker.
A nice graph about the different parts of htop and how to interpret its output.
State of Maine Voter Guide
The information below explains how to register and vote in state elections. By voting, you are keeping Maine's democracy strong and continuing a long history of citizen participation in the governing of our state and nation. It's easy to take our right to vote for granted--to decide that voting isn't worth the effort or “doesn't make a difference.” The reality is that voting makes a tremendous difference. By casting a ballot, each citizen has a voice in deciding who will serve in office and what positions will be taken on major issues. Voting is of critical importance to the strength and vitality of our system of government, and I congratulate you for recognizing its significance. For our democracy to work, we must all participate in the process. Please register and vote and encourage your family, friends and neighbors to do the same.
Register
Who can register and vote in Maine?
To register, you must be a United States citizen, at least 17 years of age, and have established a fixed principal home in Maine.
To vote in a Referendum or General Election, you must be registered in the community where you reside, and be at least 18 years of age. A 17 year old may vote in a Primary Election, if that person will be 18 by the General Election.
How do I register to vote?
You fill out a voter registration card. See the sample card and instructions below.
Where do I go to register?
You can register to vote at your town office or city hall, through any Motor Vehicle branch office, in most state & federal social service agencies, or at voter registration drives.
Completed voter registration cards may be hand-delivered or mailed to your town office or city hall, or sent to the Secretary of State's Office in Augusta.
Is there a deadline for registering?
There is no cut-off date for registering to vote in person at your town office or city hall. If you want to register to vote by mail or through a voter registration drive, the cut-off date is the close of business on the 21st day before the election. That date is Tuesday, October 16, 2018 for the November 6, 2018 General and Referendum Election.
When is the next election?
The November 6, 2018, General and Referendum Election, is the next statewide election.
GUIDELINES FOR COMPLETING THE MAINE VOTER REGISTRATION APPLICATION
All required items on the card must be completed or it may be rejected. No witness or notary is required. Common questions are answered below. NOTE: This is a sample card--other versions may look different.
1. Federally required questions. (Required) A person who is not a U.S. Citizen is not eligible to register to vote. A person who is at least 17 years of age may register to vote, but must be at least 18 years of age to vote in a Municipal, General or Referendum election.
2. Party affiliation. (Required) Voters must check the box if they want to be a member of one of the three qualified political parties in Maine, in order to participate in party primaries, caucuses, conventions or other political party activities. Voters who check “Other qualifying party” (with or without writing a designation on the line provided) and voters who choose Unenrolled (no party choice) will be designated as “U” on the voting list and will not be eligible to vote in party primaries, caucuses and conventions, but can vote in other elections.
3. Name of Voter. (Required) A voter must provide the voter's legal name, as follows: • Last name (surname) must be listed (Suffixes, such as Sr., Jr., II, etc, may be included) and • First name and the middle name or initial; or • First initial and full middle name; or • First name only
4. Date of Birth. (Required) Voters must be at least 18 years of age in order to vote. Under Maine law, 17-year olds may pre-register (and enroll if desired).
5. A . Current residence address. (Required) Voters must provide the current street address or physical location where they have established their residence. This cannot be a P.O. Box. B. Current mailing address. (If applicable) The mailing address is required only if it is different from the residence address, and is where the voter receives mail. This can be a P.O. Box. C. Previous registration address. (Required) If a voter previously has been registered to vote, the voter must check the “YES” box and must provide municipality, county and state of previous registration. If never registered, the voter must check the “NO” box.
6. Telephone number. (Optional) If a voter provides a phone number, it becomes public information. A voter whose phone number is unpublished is cautioned against listing it on the application.
7. Change of name. (If applicable) This information is required only if the voter's legal name has been changed since registering to vote in Maine.
8. Voter's Signature. (Required) Voters must sign their legal name below the statement certifying that all the provided information is true.
9. Voter ID or Unique ID Number. (For new Maine voters only) The purpose of the voter ID number is to uniquely designate each new voter in the computerized statewide voter registration list. If the person is already registered to vote in Maine, this number is not required.
A. Driver's License Number. New voters who have a valid Maine Driver's License or a Maine State ID must list that number. B. Social Security Number. New voters who do not have a valid Maine Driver's License or Maine State ID, must list the last four digits of their Social Security Number. C. NONE. This designation may be used only by voters who do not have a Maine Driver's License/State ID or a Social Security Number. NOTE: Voter ID is confidential (i.e., not public) information and will be concealed during public inspection.
10. Instructions to Voters. New voters who register by mail must provide a copy of certain identity documents with the completed registration form. The mail-in registrant may submit a copy of a Maine Driver's License or other valid photo ID, a current utility bill, a bank statement, a paycheck stub or other government document that shows the voter's current name and address.
11. For registrar's use only. This space must be completed only by the municipal registrar.
NOTE: If required information is omitted, the registrar must notify the applicant that the application is incomplete and must later reject the application of the required information is not provided. If optional information is omitted, the registrar must still process and accept the application.
Vote
Where do I go to vote?
Every town and city has its own places where people vote, called voting places or "the polls". You can call your town office or city hall to find out where you vote. Voting places open between 6:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m., depending on the population of the town. Local officials can give you the exact opening time for your community. All voting places close at 8:00 p.m. on Election Day.
How do I mark a ballot?
Each ballot tells you how to mark your choices. If you have a question, ask an election official. If you make a mistake, fold your ballot and give it to an election official. The election official will give you another ballot.
Can I have help to vote?
Yes. If you need help reading or marking the ballot, you may ask a relative or friend for assistance. The helper does not have to be a voter or old enough to vote. An election official can also help you read or mark a ballot. However, your employer or union official cannot help you vote.
Do I need to go to the polls on Election Day to vote?
No. Any registered voter may cast an absentee ballot instead of voting in person at the voting place.
You do not need to have a specific reason or be unable to vote at the voting place on Election Day to use an absentee ballot. Call your town or city clerk for an application and assistance.
For additional information, contact:
Office of the Secretary of State
Division of Elections
101 State House Station
Augusta, ME 04333-0101
(207) 624-7650
CEC.Elections@maine.gov
UPDATED: CBS got on the board this morning with its first drama pilot orders this season. Greenlighted are Baby Big Shot, a legal drama written by Dana Calvo (TNT's Franklin & Bash) and executive produced by Kevin Falls, who will serve as showrunner, and Elementary, a modern-day Sherlock Holmes series from writer Rob Doherty.
Baby Big Shot, from Sony TV, Jamie Tarses' studio-based Fanfare and CBS TV Studios, centers on a working-class woman who uses their street smarts to compete with their more polished colleagues at a tony Manhattan law firm. Falls, Tarses and their Fanfare partner Julia Franz are executive producing, with Calvo serving as co-executive producer. This marks the first network drama pilot for comedy-centric Fanfare, which ventured into the hourlong format with TNT dramedy Franklin & Bash.
Featuring beautiful handcrafted hedges and fine streams, there are parts of Hobart's All the Weathers' vibrant and energetic new video that could be mistaken as something from Tourism Tasmania. Well, with the exception that it was shot on chunky VHS, and the song, “Urine Trouble,” tells of the band's Georgia Lucy and their experience dealing with the state's reproductive health system.
The song appears on the post-pop-punks the latest cassette Tactile Textiles, which Georgia explains, is a collection of stories about Australian life in your 20s, “set amongst pop-electric agitation and loose jams”. The tape was recorded over two days in a brick shack in the small town of Dodges Ferry on the Tasmanian east coast.
Watch the video below and read a brief chat we had with Georgia.
Noisey: Dare I ask where the idea for the video came from?
Georgia Lucy: It is a manic true story rooted in Tasmania. During the recording it came to our attention that half of the band was pregnant. The first doctor I visited believed that the termination pill did not exist and so palmed me off to a fertility control clinic. They handed me a beige brochure with their signature on the referral line. After a good stint stress-calling to make an appointment, I figured you just have to go in there. But the clinic was a ghost shop. It had been shut for over a year.
The second doctor had a crucifix fixed to their door and while measuring me asked how old I was when I'd lost my virginity. They said I'd make a fantastic mother, well aware that I was only there for their referral to another terminator.
We recorded this song the following day.
The video includes some beautiful scenery. How much traveling did you do to make this?
These topiary specimens were captured northwest of Hobart in the town of Railton, or as the locals dub it; Railton, Town of Topiary.
How long did it take to make?
The surfboard is a pregnancy test rockin' on the river of piss. I edited and digitised this video in the University of Tasmania, stealth-like and nocturnally. I do not go there. I had to get it done quick.
Was the turkey something you saw in in your travels or did you have to search for one?
We didn't have to search at all. The turkey is actually Dr E. Haas who practices at the after-hours surgery in Derwent Park. They pencilled me in for a referral at a clinic that did not exist. The public health system here is heavily under-funded and so they hire turkeys to deal with traumatised young women now.
Why did you shoot on VHS?
Well the whole band use sturdy Nokia bricks, so our phones are camera-less, and anyway … smart-phones make you look dumb! And the power of nostalgia can't be recreated with filters. This story of ours should belong in the prime time of the VHS hey-day. Unfortunately today, even in the lucky country, abortions are still a testy subject. By filming the clip on VHS we aim to capture the out-dated attitude shown towards this topic with technology from the past, and ultimately send the stigma back, through the tape medium, to the dark and fuzzy ages. Be kind, rewind, forever.
'Tactile Textiles' is available now through Bandcamp.
Teddy Roosevelt: “To Anger a Conservative, Lie to Him” Quote-Reported Fiction!
Summary of eRumor:
Teddy Roosevelt once said, “To anger a conservative, lie to him. To anger a liberal, tell them the truth.”
The Truth:
No official source for this quote has been provided for this quote, and we couldn't find any record of Teddy Roosevelt ever saying this.
Because it's impossible to definitively prove that a historical quote does not exist, we're going to report this one as fiction until evidence proving otherwise surfaces.
The quote has been making the rounds in memes and on discussion boards for years:
To anger a conservative, lie to him.
To anger a liberal, tell them the truth.
Barry Popik, a contributing editor of the Oxford English Dictionary, investigated the quote and found that it first appeared in print sometime around 2007. Early on, the quote was attributed to an “unknown source.”
It was first attributed to Roosevelt in 2009, and by 2010 it was regularly being attributed to him. That progression suggests the quote was a modern invention and Theodore Roosevelt's name was attached to it nearly 100 years after their death.
We also searched archives of Theodore Roosevelt's letters in the National Archives for any references to the quote — but nothing turned up.
Given that no official records linking Theodore Roosevelt to this quote on liberals and conservatives, we're reporting this one as fiction.
Nest and Dropcam Sign Acquisition Agreement
Nest announced today that it has entered into an agreement to buy Dropcam for $555 million in cash, subject to adjustments.
Palo Alto, California — June 20, 2014 — Nest Labs, Inc. (nest.com) announced today that it has entered into an agreement to buy Dropcam for $555 million in cash, subject to adjustments.
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals in the US. For more information, visit the Nest blog.
About Nest
Nest reinvents unloved but important home products, like the thermostat and smoke and CO alarm. The company focuses on delighting customers with simple, beautiful and thoughtful hardware, software and services. The Nest Learning Thermostat™ and Nest Energy Services offerings address home energy consumption, and Nest Protect: Smoke + Carbon Monoxide™ helps keep people safe. Nest products are sold in the U.S., U.K. and Canada, and are installed in more than 120 countries. For more information, visit www.nest.com.
Community
The Bus Shelters Of Næstved, Denmark
Naestved is a smallish provincial town in Denmark with around 45.000 citizens. It's not a place one goes to, it's a place you come from. Most inhabitants are families with kids who grow up to leave the town to go live and study in Copenhagen which isn't that far away. The inner city life is slowly dying due to a large mall drawing all the business to the outskirts of the city, and overall Naestved has a reputation for being kind of "bland" and uninteresting. Nothing ever happens in Naestved. But enter CMP ONE. Born and raised in this rural town, CMP ONE was one of the firstmovers in Danish hip hop culture and is know a hardcore silverback. Besides being one of the most inspiring and friendly human beings on the face of the earth, CMP is an amazing artist. And they bring life to this city, not only by their own hands (painting enormous pieces and even making an entire graphic novel painted on walls around the city) but also by bringing street artists from all over the world to this small, provincial town in Denmark. We have amazing, world-class artwork featured on harbour silos in the industrial area, walls that no-one sees unless they make a shortcut through dodgy back alleys, even on bus sheds that's only used by 10 people far outside the city limits. You can turn a corner and suddenly be surprised by some giant piece that wasn't there a week ago. All because of CMP ONE, who singlehandedly reaches out for artists in their amazing network and makes them travel halfway around the globe to put color into a grey Naestved.
It's the first week of the year and the Lab is already busy on the viewer front.
New Release Candidate: PackageFix Viewer
Thursday January 2nd saw a new release candidate viewer enter the release channel. Version 3.6.13.284995 is described as Second Life PackageFix Viewer. This update fixes an issue introduced with the 3.6.12 code base whereby the Windows executable name was changed from “SecondLife” to “SecondLifeViewer”.
As any executable using the old name (“SecondLife”) was not removed as part of the 3.6.12 installation process, problems could result when using old shortcuts pointing to the old executable, rather that the new version, which would then run and could then trigger a further auto-update, again without removing older executables or shortcuts.
With this fix, any executables using the old name (“SecondLife”) will be removed from the installation folder, so any shortcuts created to it will cause Windows to display an error message, and the user can then remove them or modify them to point to the correct executable.
HTTP Project Viewer
Monty Linden's long-awaited HTTP project viewer surfaced from QA on Friday January 3rd. Part of the ongoing HTTP project work, version 3.6.13.284698 contains three headline updates:
Experimental Fix for Long-Standing DNS Problems : the mechanism used to perform DNS look ups has been changed from an application-hosted DNS resolver to a combination of threads and the host operating system's resolver.
: the mechanism used to perform DNS look ups has been changed from an application-hosted DNS resolver to a combination of threads and the host operating system's resolver. Mesh Download with Better TCP Connection Behaviour : this release of the viewer reduces by 75% the number of connections used for downloading meshes. It also reuses these connections more effectively further reducing network demands. Those who have experienced connectivity problems from router instability or other networking problems may see a significant improvement.
: this release of the viewer reduces by 75% the number of connections used for downloading meshes. It also reuses these connections more effectively further reducing network demands. Those who have experienced connectivity problems from router instability or other networking problems may see a significant improvement. General Reliability Improvements in Mesh Upload and Download: a great deal of work has been put into the mesh upload and download code. Better error handling, less frequent request retries, removal of many thread issues and fixes for numerous smaller bugs are a part of this release.
Among the changes, this viewer sees the introduction of the new GetMesh2 capability, together with its associated debug, mesh2MaxConcurrentRequests, which are designed to reduce the number of concurrent number of mesh connections from 32 to 8, but which adds keepalive functionality and improved retry logic, and which see the number of viewer / server connections which can be requested by the viewer clamped to prevent individual users overloading the server-side capabilities, as explained back in my 2013 week 36 and week 34 reports.The new capability will run alongside the existing capability as things are transitioned-in to SL.
More news on this project viewer to follow.
New Merchant Outbox Project Viewer
Arriving on Thursday, January 2nd, the Merchant Outbox project viewer, version 3.6.13.284731, is described as including fixes for accurately detecting Merchant status and improves recovery for Merchant Outbox errors. As such, it addresses the following problems:
Merchant Outbox viewer crashes on Exit on Windows 7 (ACME-1219)
User needs to click OK twice to dismiss Merchant Outbox notification (ACME-1220)
Merchant Outbox Initialization fails with 404 error with new account in Merchant Outbox viewer (ACME-1221)
Merchant Outbox panel unusable and unrecoverable if outbox folder disappears (MAINT-2287)
Send to Marketplace from Merchant Outbox says it fails when it doesn't (MAINT-2301)
Merchant outbox with genuine failure “409 conflict” causes all further imports to fail (MAINT-2452)
Merchant outbox: Second Life 3.6.8 (282375) build – results when user has a merchant outbox misplaced in inventory (MAINT-3319)
Viewer crash when deleting trash which contains Merchant Outbox (MAINT-3320).
Those who have experienced any of the above issues when using the Merchant Outbox might want to try out this project viewer – but do keep in mind it is a project viewer.
Related Links
Advertisements
Doctors begin tests on F1 legend Michael Schumacher's brain to locate area where they suffered massive damage in Christmas ski accident
New tests to discover which parts of brain functioning and which dormant
Schumacher fell while skiing off-piste in French Alpine resort of Méribel
The impact was so strong that it cracked the former racing driver's helmet
Medical team says their helmet protected them from 'very violent shock'
But they are still 'fighting for their life' after being placed in an artificial coma
Doctors began tests on stricken F1 legend Michael Schumacher's brain on Monday in a bid to precisely locate the area where they suffered massive damage in a pre-Christmas ski accident.
Germany's Bild newspaper reported on Day 15 of Schumacher's artificially induced coma that the new tests are intended to discover which parts of their brain are functioning and which are dormant.
They remain stable but critically ill.
Bild says that it has gleaned information from among the medical team treating them in Grenoble, France, that there are still great fears of 'unexpected complications,' such as a brain haemorrhage and infection.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS
Doctors began tests on stricken F1 legend Michael Schumacher's brain on Monday in a bid to precisely locate the area where they suffered massive damage in a pre-Christmas ski accident
Risky: Eyewitnesses say the retired racing driver hit their head on one of the many rocks in the off-piste area (right) while skiing with their 14-year-old son Mick (believed to be pictured, above, with their father)
Vigil: Schumacher's wife Corrina (pictured with their husband at the Asterix At The Olympic Games Paris premiere in Paris in 2008) is by their beside in hospital as they fight for life A Zurich newspaper reported on Sunday that a small part of their skull has been removed in a bid to relieve pressure on their brain.
While experts concur that such procedures are effective in relieving the injured area they can cause even more damage.
Swiss neurosurgeon Frédéric Rossi told the Zurich Tagesanzeiger that the list of dangers from such an op 'is long, ranging from swelling to bleeding to the accidental opening of the brain's outer membrane.' Schumacher, 44, was out skiing with friends and their 14-year-old son Mick on December 29 when they fell on to rocks at the French resort of Meribel.
They had to be helicoptered to hospital and has been fighting for their life ever since.
Their wife Corinna and their two children remain at their bedside and high-profile figures from the world of F1, industry and showbiz continue to make brief visits to see him.
Treatment: Surgeons at Grenoble Hospital (pictured) are assessing Schumacher's recovery on an hourly basis Protection: Jean-Francois Payen - an anaesthetist at the hospital - revealed that the F1 legend might not have survived the 'high-speed' fall if they had not been wearing a helmet
'Working hour by hour': Professor Jean-Francois Payen (pictured, left, with Professors Gerard Saillant and Emmanuel Gay) updates the media on Schumacher's condition at a press conference at the Grenoble Hospital Overseeing their care: French surgeon Gerard Saillant, who operated on Schumacher when they broke their leg in an F1 crash in 1999, said they went to the hospital as 'friend' not a doctor Eyewitnesses say Schumacher hit their head on one of the many rocks in the off-piste area - causing them to briefly lose consciousness. The fall was so hard that Schumacher's helmet cracked. Brain surgeons battled throughout the night to save the retired racing driver's life, said their anaesthetist Jean-Francois Payen, who added: 'We are working hour by hour'. They also revealed that Schumacher might not have survived the fall - if they had not been wearing a helmet. Speaking at a press conference at the Grenoble Hospital, in eastern France, Mr Payen said: 'We judge them to be in a very serious situation. We cannot predict the future for Michael Schumacher. Urgent: Surgeon Stephan Chabardes operated on the F1 legend to relieve bleeding and bruising in the brain Media frenzy: Schumacher's medical team answers questions from dozens of journalists at Grenoble Hospital 'We cannot predict the future for Michael Schumacher': Medics told the throng of journalists that it was too early to make a prognosis
'It's too early to say what is going to happen and to have a prognosis. Taking into consideration the very violent shock, their helmet did protect them to a certain extent, of course.
'Somebody who would have this kind of accident without a helmet, certainly, they would not have got to here.'
Professor Stephan Chabardes, the neurosurgeon who operated on the F1 star, told the news conference: 'Mr Schumacher was taken by helicopter very quickly to Grenoble Hospital.
'On their arrival we examined them clinically and we realised they were in a serious condition, in a coma, with in fact cranial pressure.
Image copyright iStock
Many people want to eat more healthily but find it difficult to change their diet. So what happened when Michael Mosley altered not what they ate, but when they ate?
We've known for some time that altering the time at which you eat can affect your weight and metabolism. At least if you are a mouse.
Based on mice studies, it seems the secret to improving your health is to restrict the time window within which you eat, and by doing so extend the amount of time you go without food.
A few years ago Prof Satchidananda Panda, from the world-famous Salk Institute in California, showed that mice fed on a high-fat diet, but only allowed to eat within an eight-hour window, were healthier and slimmer than mice that were given exactly the same food but allowed to eat it whenever they wanted.
In a more recent study the same researchers again subjected hundreds of mice to different lengths of daily fasts, ranging from 12 to 15 hours.
Image copyright Science Photo Library Image caption Mice put on more weight depending on when they were fed
Again they found that the mice that went for at least 12 hours without eating remained healthier and slimmer than those who ate the same number of calories, but spread out.
But how well would this work in humans? To find out, Trust Me I'm a Doctor recruited 16 volunteers for a 10-week study run by Dr Jonathan Johnston at the University of Surrey.
Their team measured the volunteers' body fat, blood sugar levels, blood fat (triglycerides) and cholesterol levels at the start of the study. They were then randomly assigned to one of two groups, the blues or the reds.
Image caption Some of the volunteers (with Trust Me presenter Chris Van Tulleken) in the diet experiment
Find out more
Trust Me I'm A Doctor is broadcast on BBC Two at 20:00 GMT on Wednesday 13 January 2016, or you can catch up afterwards on iPlayer
Take the test: When should I eat my main meal?
The blues, who were the control group, were asked to carry on as normal. The reds were asked to stick to their normal diet but move their breakfast 90 minutes later, and their dinner time 90 minutes earlier.
This meant that for three extra hours each day they went without food (fasting). Everyone kept a food and sleep diary to ensure that they were eating the same amount as normal.
So why would crunching the time within which you eat change anything? Well, there are two possible mechanisms.
Firstly, there are now plenty of studies which have shown that going for longer periods of time without eating - fasting - is beneficial.
It also seems that your body deals with calories better at certain times of day. According to Johnston, one of the worst times to load up with sugar and fat is late at night, when blood levels of these substances are already high.
To test this out I decided to carry out a rather unpleasant self-experiment.
Image copyright iStock Image caption Best tackled in the morning?
After an overnight fast I had some bloods taken, then at 10:00 I had a classic British fry-up - lots of bacon, eggs and sausage. I had more bloods taken directly after the meal and every half hour for the next few hours. And yes, it did hurt.
Twelve hours later, at 22:00, I had my second meal of the day. It was exactly the same meal as I had had for breakfast. Again my bloods were taken regularly over the next few hours before I was eventually allowed to crawl into bed.
The blood tests showed that after my morning meal my blood sugar level returned to normal pretty quickly, while the levels of fat in my blood began to drop after about three hours. In the evening, however, after exactly the same meal, my blood sugar levels stayed high for much longer and the fat levels in my blood were still rising four hours after I finished eating.
So Johnston is right - our bodies really don't like having to have to deal with lots of food late at night. A midnight snack will have a worse impact on your body than the same food eaten earlier in the day.
There's an old adage: "Breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dine like a pauper," and it appears to be true. If you must have that fry-up, have it for breakfast.
But what about the main experiment, reducing the time period within which our volunteers were allowed to eat? Well, at the end of 10 weeks, we gathered all the volunteers together and repeated the tests.
Image copyright iStock
What we found is that the group who had eaten breakfast later and dinner earlier had, on average, lost more body fat and seen bigger falls in blood sugar levels and cholesterol than the control group.
So it was very positive result and the first randomised trial of this sort carried out in humans.
Sticking rigidly to a reduced eating window may, for many people, not be entirely practical. But there does seem to be benefit from doing it when you can - and it is certainly a good idea to avoid the midnight cheeseburger.
Trust Me I'm A Doctor is broadcast on BBC Two at 20:00 GMT on Wednesday 13 January 2016 - catch up afterwards on BBC iPlayer
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.
Marshawn Lynch majored in social welfare at the prestigious University of California, Berkeley. They attended graduate school after leaving the school's football team following a tremendous three-year career.
No, seriously:
So, it does seem that Lynch is actually acting as the unofficial head of Seattle's retirement program. Can't you just envision them in a big office at the team's headquarters, behind a huge desk with endless bowls of Skittles at their disposal?
Article continues below ...
Seahawks WR Tyler Lockett tells @Kenny_Mayne that Marshawn Lynch has been helping them with their 401k. https://t.co/fPr09JLX4V — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) October 20, 2015
Heck, maybe Lynch has found their post-football calling. After all, there is a certain financial firm out there that could use someone with their expertise (and last name).
More from Yardbarker:
Some of the sports the biggest stars including Frank Lampard, Jose Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo were all given the honour of being included in the new Guinness World Records book... and it may come as a surprise to see Chris Smalling handed two awards.
New York City star Lampard was presented with theirs for the most Premier League teams scored against, after former club Chelsea became victim No 39.
Legend Andy Cole previously held the record with 38, but the 37-year-old trumped them after coming off the bench for Manchester City to fire home a trademark strike at the Etihad Stadium.
New York City midfielder Frank Lampard looked delighted with their Guinness World Record
Footage courtesy of Guinness World Records
Lampard was delighted to be featured in the book and spoke about being a huge fan.
They said: 'I set goals throughout my career to break records and this is one I never imagined getting. I am a big fan of the books and always read the books with my daughters before bed so to feature in it is amazing.
'It was a weird feeling when I scored but it did get me the record so I am also very happy with the goal.'
The 36-year-old netted against former club Chelsea to break the record of most Premier League teams scored against (39)
Jose Mourinho was the man in charge when Lampard broke their record but it's not all bad for the Chelsea boss, after they were awarded with four different awards.
The Guinness World Records book team visited the Cobham training ground to present the 52-year-old with their certificates, which included: The most Points in a Premier League season (95), most Champions League's won at different clubs (two), the youngest manager to reach 100 Champions League games (49 years 12 days) and most games unbeaten at home in the Premier League (77).
In pure Mourinho style, they admitted they were looking forward to winning future prizes: 'The fact that I can hang these awards in my office is nice. It's something fun and as a kid you could never imagine that one day you would be in Guinness World Records Book. I'm now more focused on winning the next game than on what I've done in the last 10 or 15 years.'
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was awarded four certificates by the Guinness World Records
Manchester United defender Smalling also bagged themselves two records after scoring the fastest goal in the Premier League by a substitute from kick-off, when they netted against Burnley in just five minutes nine seconds last season.
They scored again to earn themselves a second record, for the most goals in the Premier League scored by a substitute in the first half to join the likes of Lampard, Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Of course you can't forget Real Madrid star Ronaldo, who scored their 27th hat-trick in La Liga - overtaking club legend Alfredo Di Stefano - and is also the most followed athlete and person on both Facebook (over 100 million likes) and Twitter (over 27m followers).
Chris Smalling given two awards after scoring against Burnley just five minutes after coming on in the first half
Cristiano Ronaldo picked up a number of records including the most La Liga hat-tricks (27)
With the Rugby World Cup just around the corner, it's fitting that New Zealand legend Dan Carter was presented with three different records.
The All Blacks fly half and record breaking point scorer looked delighted as they were handed framed certificates for most international conversions (260), penalties (258), and international points amassing in excess of 1500 points over the duration of their career.
Carter, who will feature for New Zealand in this summer's World Cup, will also become the 'Highest Paid Rugby Union Player' when they join Club Racing Metro after the tournament, earning a reported€1.5million over one year.
New Zealand legend and all-time record points scorer Dan Carter was given three records
Still basking in Ashes glory, Joe Root and Jimmy Anderson will be delighted to have something else to celebrate after picking up a Guinness World Record.
Their 198-run 10th wicket partnership against India last summer broke the previous record held by Australia's Ashton Agar and the late Phil Hughes, and they were presented with the award following their Ashes triumph at The Oval.
England pair Joe Root and Jimmy Anderson given award for their brilliant partnership against India
Men's world No 1 Novak Djokovic continues to dominate on the tennis court and now has a world record to gloat about.
The Serb was presented with their award for their record of the most Australian Open titles (five) and was also a competitor alongside Rafael Nadal as they were both part of the longest Grand Slam final (Five hours and 33 minutes).
Serena Williams, who is aiming for a calendar Grand Slam at the US Open, is the 'Highest Earner Ever in Female Tennis', accumulating £44,782,600 since turning professional back in 1995.
World No 1 Novak Djokovic can add a world record to their ever-growing trophy collection
Lewis Hamilton continues to break records, including their own, after being awarded the prize for the most consecutive seasons to win a Formula One Grand Prix from debut, which now goes into their eighth season following their dominant victory in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The Brit is closing in on another world title and it may not be long before he's chasing down Michael Schumacher's seven championship titles, to add another record to their collection.
Their team Mercedes also had their own success to cheer about, having swept rivals Ferrari and McLaren from the history books for the most wins by a constructor in a Formula One season, after winning 16 out of 19 races in the 2014 F1 campaign.
Lewis Hamilton has been in sensational form this season and picked up a Guinness World Record
Their Mercedes team were also record-breakers after having the most wins by a constructor in a F1 Season
It's been quite a year for Jordan Spieth after winning the Masters and the US Open in 2015, which is why it's no surprise he's bagged themselves an unbelievable five world records.
The 22-year-old will feature heavily in the 2016 edition for their achievements, including: Most birdies in the US Masters (36), the lowest total score (72 holes) with 270 and shares with Tiger Woods, the lowest total score for the first two rounds (36 holes) – 130, the lowest total score for the first three rounds (54 holes) – 200.
They also clinched the youngest winner of the PGA Tour rookie of the year award, aged just 20.
Guinness World Records editor-in-chief, Craig Glenday, expressed their delight at the high quality of the sporting achievements: 'It's been another incredible year of sporting achievements, which is a testament to the determination and passion of our most celebrated sporting heroes. Nowhere is the competition of record-breaking so fiercer than in our sports pages.'
Jordan Spieth, who at just 22, is well on the way to collecting more records
OTHER GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS IN SPORT Other rugby records: • The Tallest Active Professional Rugby player - English giant Will Carrick-Smith standing at 6ft 11 • Most Appearances in Women's World Cup Final – England with six and won the most recent in 2014 • Most Appearances in the Super League Grand Final – Paul Wellens, St Helens, has featured 10 times Other cricket records: • The Oldest Player to Score a Century in a ODI – Khurram Khan (UAE) aged 43 vs Afghanistan on 30 November 2014 • Most Runs in a ICC World Cup Match – Martin Guptill 237 not out vs West Indies 21 March 2015 • Most International Runs in a Calendar Year – Kumar Sangakarra – 2,868 runs in 2014 Other tennis records: • Most consecutive Grand Slam Tournaments Featured – Ai Sugiyama – 62 between 1994 to 2009 • The Fastest Female Serve – Sabine Lisiciki – 131mph (29 July 2014), California • Most Five Set Matches Played – Lleyton Hewitt – 43 matches with a win-loss ratio of 26-17 Other golf records: • The Lowest Single Round at a Major – female Kim Hyo-joo – score of 61 aged just 19 on 11 September 2014 • The Oldest Golfer to break Par at US Masters – Tom Watson aged 65 years 219 days on 9 April 2015 at Augusta • Longest Drive on the European Tour – Nicolas Colsaerts of Belgium at the Wales Open on No 18 September 2014 Other sporting records: • The Fastest marathon - Dennis Kimetto in 2hr 2min 57sec at the Berlin Marathon in September 2014 • The Longest kick-off return for a touchdown – 109 yards - Cordarrelle Patterson of Minnesota Vikings October 2013 • Most tweeted sporting event – 2014 World Cup Final – Germany v Argentina - 618,725 tweets per minute
HUMBOLDT COUNTY (KPIX 5) — State drug agents told KPIX 5 the number of pot plants growing in California has doubled in the past five years. Marijuana is by far the state's number one cash crop.
Much of it is growing in the mountains of Humboldt County, where pot has always been big business. But it really took off after the state legalized medical marijuana. Now many are taking advantage and cashing in on California cannabis.
GEORGE JUNG: Cocaine Kingpin's First Video Interview Free In 20 Years
INSIDE CALIFORNIA'S MARIJUANA COUNTRY:
Detective Chandler Baird of the Humboldt County Sheriff showed KPIX 5 how growers are clear-cutting 100 year old redwoods, leveling hills and sucking dry rivers that are already stricken by drought. Not to mention the violence.
“We do come across a lot of firearms, we have deputies that have gotten into shootings before in This grows,” said Baird. “Some of the ones I have shown you today are definitely known drug trafficking organizations.”
So who are these new gold diggers? Where do they come from? “All 50 states, Latin America, Asia, Bulgaria,” said Baird.
We asked, why Bulgaria? “There's a lot of money to be made in marijuana,” said Baird.” It's a modern day green rush.”
Take for example, a marijuana growing operation near the town of Bridgeville. Sheriff's deputies busted it last year, destroying some 400 pounds of harvested marijuana and almost 2,000 plants. Almost all the 16 suspects arrested were Bulgarian nationals, six on expired visas.
The alleged ringleader, according to the sheriff's department, is Valentin Marinov. Law enforcement said Marinov has been linked to other known illegal grows. Yet no charges were filed against them or any of the others arrested with him.
For Sheriff Mike Downey it's frustrating. “The state of California and the Federal Government have changed policy. Marijuana is not as important of a commodity that they are trying to control. So funding has gone way down, which has resulted in lack of enforcement,” they said.
They said it's like playing whack-a-mole: You bust a few and most come right back. “We are scratching the surface on this. It's basically out of control,” they said.
Gaming outlets have always been an advertising-supported business — a revenue stream that has become substantially exclusive with the transition to online journalism. Working with small profit margins and with the bulk of advertising coming from game publishers, game journalism stands in a difficult-to-manage position, where the interests of their sponsors often go against those of their readers.
Advertising money has been the main tool among the many that publishers have used to pressure game journalists. Already in 1995 Amiga Power was noticing the problem, claiming game reviewers were very strongly influenced by PR people offering bribe-like gifts, and went soft on games to avoid creating bad blood with publishers.
In 2005, then-Editor-in-Chief of EGM, Dan Hsu, stated that covers stories were basically on sale, in exchange for ads, at one unnamed EGM competitor — claiming that their company's publications had been pressured by publishers to “play ball” as well or they would've lost their ads.
Over the years, many instances of publishers trying to propitiate, intimidate or otherwise pressure journalists have surfaced, giving the impression of a continuous struggle behind the scenes — where a lot of journalists have either been strongly influenced by publishers, or have had to fight very hard not to be.
Secretary of State John Merrill said Alabama is examining a request to turn over names, birthdays and voting history to a federal election commission investigating possible fraud in the 2016 presidential election.
Merrill confirmed Friday their office received the commission's letter, which requests all "publicly-available voter roll data including...the full first and last names of all registrants, middle names or initials if available, addresses, dates of birth, political party (if recorded in your state), last four digits of social security number if available, (and) voter history from 2006 onward."
The information, according to the letter sent to all 50 Secretaries of State, will be made available to the public. States were given a deadline of July 14 to comply.
Merrill said Alabama is examining the request, but said they are not sure what information - if any - Alabama will provide and has more questions about the process.
"We want to be helpful. We want to encourage (the commission). We think they are trying to be helpful to the country but we're not sure we're going to provide everything they have asked for. We are not doing it on June 30 and we're not sure if it will be provided by July 14," Merrill said.
"We want to make sure our voter information is protected," Merrill told AL.com. "We want to be helpful but have to make sure information on our constituents is secure."
The letter came from Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, vice chair of the bipartisan Presidential Commission on Election Integrity. The commission, chaired by Vice President Mike Pence, was established via an executive order by President Trump in May. The commission is charged with "reviewing policies and practices that enhance or undermine the American people's confidence in the integrity of federal elections."
The commission will produce a report that will be provided to the president sometime next year.
Kobach's letter also asks Secretaries of States to provide information related to voting laws in their states and for convictions related to election-related crimes since 2000.
Earlier, Merrill said there was no evidence Alabama's election system was compromised, even as reports surfaced that foreign interference during last year's presidential election may have been more widespread than first believed.
Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Birmingham, said the request should concern every American.
"President Trump's election commission is a sham, led by a Secretary of State whose only qualification is that they disenfranchised more voters over the past decade than any other state lawmaker," said Sewell, Vice Chair of the Commission on Protecting American Democracy from the Trump Administration.
"The commission's request for personal voter data should be alarming for any American who values their privacy, security, or the integrity of our elections. Handing over information on our voters to an Administration that has no respect for the facts will only lay a foundation for national voter suppression efforts," they added.
Not all officials are agreeing to turn over the information. State officials in Virginia, California and Kentucky said they will refuse the request, according to a report in The Hill.
Updated June 30 at 10:46 a.m. to include comments from Rep. Terri Sewell.
Updated June 30 at 11:07 a.m. to clarify Merrill's comment that the state is considering the letter but what data will be submitted has not been determined.
The lovely Brooke contacted me for some photos of their new cosplay Yang Xiao Long from the Anime RWBY. I had never heard of it and did some exploration through Google to see what I could come up with for some fun photos. Surprisingly there is not a tremendous amount of detail on this Anime. It's done by the same people who make Red vs. Blue. Sitting in my backyard I came up with an idea at least to try. After a quick chat with Brooke we were good to go. Now we decided from the get go that we would do two shoots and this here is only shoot 1. We are going to shoot the second half next week after Anime California.
IG: @deaththorncosplay
Facebook: DeathThornCosplay
As threats to agriculture rise, food prices may double every seven years, experts predict.
And, as world's population continues to soar toward 9 billion people within the next four decades, the agriculture industry may have to produce between 70 and 100 percent more food than it currently does, said Stephen Long, a professor of plant biology and crop sciences at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Read also: "Feeding the world proves to be a growing challenge"
Currently, the world's population is about 7.2 billion people.
“If we stay on this projection, food prices are going to get higher and higher,” Long said.
Long was among the several researchers from around the world who traveled to the heart of the Corn Belt this week for a three-day conference at the University of Illinois' Alice Campbell Alumni Center. The conference focused on the growing demand for food and sustainable agriculture.
Part of what the researchers had to say suggests bad news for consumers.
Photo by Robert Holly/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign's Institute for Sustainability, Energy and Environment organized the conference, titled “Feeding 9 Billion: A Path to Sustainable Agriculture.” The conference's first full day of sessions on Wednesday largely focused on the daunting challenges that climate change brings to agriculture. The conference began Tuesday night with a keynote address presented by New York Times columnist Andrew Revkin. It will conclude Thursday night. Conference events were held at the Alice Campbell Alumni Center. Other topics brought up on Wednesday included the economic impacts of climate change on agriculture, the constraints of future agriculture irrigation and the production of biofuel. Thursday's sessions focus predominately on food security. The Institute for Sustainability, Energy and Environment's mission is to foster “actionable, interdisciplinary research to address fundamental challenges” in those subject areas. Read also: "Climate change threatens U.S. food security; crop insurance poised to remain hot topic"
“We are facing tremendous threats globally,” said Peter Schiffer, vice chancellor for research at the University, during the day's opening remarks.
Among those threats to agriculture are rising temperatures, extreme weather and uncertain precipitation levels, according to a White House assessment released in May.
“If we stay on this projection, food prices are going to get higher and higher.” - Stephen Long
Also among the threats are more resilient diseases, weeds and other pests.
“Globally, we're not managing to increase the yield of our primary food stuffs at a fast enough pace to keep up with increasing demand,” Long said.
Data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Agricultural Statistics Service shows that farmers throughout the United States grew about 14 billion bushels of corn last year.
This year, farmers in Illinois alone are expected to grow about 2 billion bushels of corn.
GMOs victims of misinformation, researcher says
Agricultural innovation has allowed farmers and producers to support a growing population for thousands of years. In this recent portion of human history however, that innovation has hit a roadblock when it comes to genetically modified organisms,commonly known as GMOs.
To date, at least 60 bills related to GMO labeling have been introduced in more than 20 states.
In Illinois, lawmakers introduced two bills last year that aim to regulate the labeling of genetically engineered agricultural products.
Since their introduction, neither bill has made much progress.
In May, Vermont became the first state to require GMO labeling.
Photo by Robert Holly/Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting
While thousands of scientific studies have reached varying and contradictory conclusions on the health impact of GMOs, Long said much of the opposition to GMOs is a “miscommunication” and a result of “disinformation.”
They said the use of genetic engineering is safer and more controlled than natural crossbreeding. Its acceptance, they said, could prove the difference in the struggle of feeding 9 billion people.
“We know that we can't get these gains from traditional plant breeding,” Long said.
“I think, really, scientists failed to explain what plant transformation actually means, what engineering actually means, versus the way which we've been traditionally been improving plants,” they added . “It's ended up with groups that are opposed to this, having the upper hand and terming these Franken-foods and so on.”
NIAMEY (Reuters) - Gunmen on pick-up trucks and motorcycles coming from Mali killed 13 gendarmes and wounded five more in an attack on their base in western Niger, security sources said on Saturday.
The village is a few dozen kilometers (miles) from where militants killed four U.S. soldiers in an ambush on Oct. 4 that has thrown a spotlight on a U.S. counter-terrorism mission in Niger, a country that straddles an expanse of the Sahara.
Niger's military officials confirmed the attack. The assailants crossed over the border from Mali and drove up to the village of Ayorou, about 40 km (25 miles) inside, before springing their attack, the security sources said.
“They were heavily armed. They had rocket launchers and machine guns. They came in four vehicles each with about seven fighters,” said a security source on the scene.
Reinforcements later arrived and stopped them as they tried to cross back over the border, another security source on the scene said, triggering a gun battle. They escaped into Mali and were being pursued, they added.
“Land and air forces are pursuing the assailants with a view to neutralising them,” a statement from Niger's military said, confirming the death toll.
In the initial attack one of the assailants was killed in an exchange of fire but others managed to make off with four Nigerien army vehicles, the first security source said.
Since taking over swathes of northern Mali in 2012, and then being scattered by a French-led counter-offensive the following year, Islamist militants have established themselves in lawless spaces across the desert.
They have used these areas as a springboard for a wave of attacks that threaten to destabilize West Africa. Fighters have inflicted damage on military outposts, killed security officials and civilians, kidnapped Westerners and sometimes mounted high-profile attacks on hotels and resorts across the region, including in Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast.
Several Islamist groups and well-armed ethnic militia operate in the area along the Mali-Niger border. There have been at least 46 attacks there since early last year.
However, officials suspect many of them, including the ambush on the joint U.S.-Niger patrol, to be the work of the Islamic State in the Greater Sahara, led by Arabic-speaking north African militant Adnan Walid al-Sahrawi.
They have pledged allegiance to Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, although the extent of their ties are not known.
No group has yet claimed responsibility for Saturday's attack, nor the one that killed the U.S. soldiers.
Responding to its ever growing militant threat, Mali on Saturday announced a year extension of a state of emergency.
“I hope we won't need to continue extending the state of emergency,” Defence Minister Tiena Coulibaly told reporters. “We hope that before Oct. 31, 2018, order will be restored.”
The increasingly fluid, cross-border nature of the militant threat forced the Sahel countries Mali, Niger, Chad, Mauritania and Burkina Faso to launch a joint force — known as “G5 Sahel” — in July, to try better coordinate policing their deserts.
But it has yet to receive a commitment to more than a fraction of the donor funding that it needs. A U.N. Security Council delegation was in Mali on Saturday to discuss the force.
“This tragedy is one more element that ... underlines the urgency of a strong and determined response through the creation of the joint G5 Sahel force,” French permanent representative to the U.N. Francois Delattre told journalists during the meetings.
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said their four-nation tour of Germany, Spain, Russia and France beginning tomorrow is aimed at boosting India's economic engagement with these nations and inviting more investment.In the first leg of their six-day trip, they will visit Germany, where they will hold talks with Chancellor Angela Merkel under the framework of India-Germany Intergovernmental Consultations (IGC).He will also call on German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier.Modi said they and Merkel will "chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment, security and counter-terrorism, innovation and science and technology, skill development, urban infrastructure, railways and civil aviation, clean energy, development cooperation, health and alternative medicine."Describing Germany as a valuable partner, the prime minister said, "German competencies fit well with my vision for India's transformation."In Berlin, Modi and Merkel will also interact with top business leaders of both the countries to further strengthen the trade and investment ties."I am confident that this visit will open a new chapter in our bilateral cooperation with Germany and further deepen our Strategic Partnership," they said in a Facebook post.On Tuesday, Modi will travel to Spain for an official visit, the first by an Indian prime minister in almost three decades.He will call on King Felipe VI and hold talks with President Mariano Rajoy."We will discuss ways to enhance bilateral engagement, especially in the economic sphere, and cooperation on international issues of common concern, particularly in combating terrorism," they said.The prime minister said there is significant potential for deepening bilateral trade and investment ties."We seek active participation of Spanish industry in various Indian projects including infrastructure, smart cities, digital economy, renewable energy, defence and tourism," they added.He will also meet top CEOs of the Spanish industry and encourage them to partner in the 'Make in India' initiative."I look forward to their valuable recommendations for strengthening India-Spain economic partnership," they wrote.From Spain, the prime minister will travel to St. Petersburg in Russia from May 31 to June 2 for the 18th India-Russia Annual Summit."...I will be conducting detailed discussions with President Putin to take forward our dialogue from the last Summit in Goa in October 2016," they said.The two leaders will also be interacting with CEOs from the two countries.On June 2, Modi and Putin will address the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) where India is the 'guest country'."In a first meeting of its kind, I will also have the opportunity to engage with Governors from various Russian regions to further broad base bilateral cooperation and more actively involve States/Regions and other diversified stakeholders," they said.At the beginning of their visit, they will go to Piskarovskoye Cemetery to pay homage to those who perished during the siege of Leningrad.He will also visit the world famous State Hermitage Museum and the Institute of Oriental manuscripts."I greatly look forward to my visit to St. Petersburg in this special year for the bilateral relationship as both countries celebrate the 70th Anniversary of our diplomatic relations," Modi said.In the last leg of the tour, they will visit France from June 2 to 3 for an official meeting with the newly-elected French President Emmanuel Macron."France is one of our most important Strategic Partners. I look forward to meeting President Macron and have discussions on issues of mutual interest," Modi said."I would be exchanging views with the French President on important global issues including UN Security Council reforms and India's permanent membership of the UN Security Council, India's membership of the various multilateral export control regimes, counter-terrorism cooperation, collaboration on climate change and International Solar Alliance," they added.France is India's 9th largest investment partner and a key partner in its development initiatives in the area of defence, space, nuclear and renewable energy, urban development and railways."I am committed to substantially strengthening and advancing our multi-faceted partnership with France," the prime minister said.
Why Aren't Ads Buying GOP Candidates Better Poll Numbers?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images
TV ads are unavoidable during a presidential election campaign — just ask the Iowans and New Hampshirites being bombarded with advertisements right now. So why aren't those TV spots seeming to do much good for some Republican candidates?
The latest ad-spending data show the man who has almost constantly led the polls for four months now, Donald Trump, has spent virtually no money on television ads. Meanwhile, Jeb Bush and their allies have outspent the other Republicans and the superPACs supporting them, but Bush remains mired in the middle of the pack, according to the data from SMG Delta and reported by NBC News. (Note: The data cover spending on ads already aired, not spending on ads that have yet to go up.)
Lots of pundits have pointed out the strangeness of this phenomenon, but to get a better sense of just how that imbalance looks, we decided to visualize it. Here's a look at total TV and radio ad spending versus polling averages as of Dec. 1:
But ad spending is cumulative over time, whereas polling at any given point is a snapshot of where candidates stand. Past spending and today's poll numbers might be related, but probably not as much as the past few weeks of ad spending.
So here's an additional dimension: How has ad spending since September changed along with polling? We cut it down to the five top-polling candidates to see how that looks. Here's the result:
(True, these are national polls, and a lot of the ad spending is going on in Iowa and New Hampshire, but the polling trends in those states — especially among these top candidates — is similar to the national trends currently.)
This is one of the most startling truths of the GOP nomination race: Candidates like Trump and Ben Carson have managed to hold steady with remarkably little broadcast or cable spending, while Bush's polling average has slipped despite the onslaught of ad spending. As of Sept. 1, they and their superPAC had not aired any ads. But since then, they have surged to the lead of the spending pack.
So what's going on? Here are a few of the dynamics that might explain what's behind these eye-popping trends:
1. The superPAC-campaign divide. SuperPACs generally pay way more per ad than campaigns do. The superPAC supporting Bush, Right to Rise, is doing 98 percent of their TV ad buying, according to NBC, and that means Bush is getting less advertising for the money than, say, Ted Cruz, whose campaign is buying most of the ads airing on their behalf.
This is one of the big trade-offs of superPACs — while they can raise unlimited amounts, they also have to spend more for airtime, already one of the biggest expenses of running a presidential campaign.
2. Ad spending as a life preserver, rather than a rocket booster. Pardon the mixed metaphor here. The ad spending arms race is one reason a candidate can sometimes throw more and more money at advertising for little return. When one's opponents are themselves buying more visibility, it means having to spend all the more to keep up. Had their campaign and superPAC not shelled out tens of millions of dollars over the past three months, Bush might have slipped even further in the polls.
The flip side to that is the plenty of free publicity that some, like George Washington University political scientist John Sides, argue has bolstered Trump from the start. Media coverage helped launch Trump, Sides has written, and, as they rose in and remained atop the polls, it helped cement Trump's place there.
3. Or maybe ads just don't work. It may be silly to expect a relationship between ads and polling anymore, in part because of saturation. As GOP political strategist Mark McKinnon told NPR's Robert Siegel this week, "There's just very little return on media dollars anymore in politics, because people just don't believe political advertising. They're just demanding authenticity and something that they think is real, and they know that advertising is not real. So, you might as well just burn that money."
Consider that the two men atop the polls — Trump and Carson — are political "outsiders," a story that plays well among the many GOP primary voters who are frustrated with Washington. If a voter wants that kind of candidate above all things and views Marco Rubio or Bush as "the establishment," no number of ads will sway them to vote for either of those men.
Of course, broadcast ads aren't the only ads — for example, digital ad spending could grow by nearly 600 percent over the 2012 election, by one estimate, ultimately reaching nearly $1 billion (compared with TV's $4.4 billion). However, they do reach a huge majority of the voting-age population. That kind of access to millions of living rooms is understandably worth a lot of money. It's just not clear exactly how much support that money buys.
Above all, though, message matters. If what a candidate is trying to get across doesn't resonate with voters, no amount of money spent on ads will help convince them.
0beron wrote:
But yeah, good assessment about Sizemore's opinion. However, I think that this might in fact be exactly what it takes to make them a Master. Working on the one city structure specifically designed for combat might shatter their nonsense illusion that peace is possible in Erfworld. By bridging their civic skills with combat power, they might finally realize that everything is intrinsically for war, and that he's equally capable of combat as they are for civics.
Eeerrr, Sizemore has been bridging their civil skills with combat power long ago. They used to be GK's janitor. And even cleaning up poop was weaponized by turning s*** into Crap Golems that can blow themselves up. Why Sizemore is reluctant here is another reason. In their own words:Sizemore is perfectly aware that dirtmancy can be dead killy. But they hate seeing it used for that. They want to make gardens and pretty buildings, not huge and ugly killer robots.
New homes springing up amid abandoned developments
On one side of Gibson Road in Henderson sits Vantage Lofts, a cluster of half-finished structures developers once dreamed would house modern condominiums with sweeping views of the Strip. Touted as an alternative to the typical suburban home, the $160 million development broke ground in 2005.
Today, it sits empty. Chicken wire pokes from unfinished patches of stucco. Plywood covers holes where windows should hang. Shards of glass litter an entryway to the sales office.
Across the street are three more half-finished structures — single-family homes. But these are not abandoned. In fact, every day construction workers add more touches. Soon, families will tour them and perhaps buy one of the dozens of houses planned for the development.
A monument to the overbuilding of the boom sits next door to, well, more building. It's a puzzling sight.
Why build homes when existing stock is so plentiful and cheap — and empty? In a city wracked by unemployment, foreclosure and out migration, new housing projects are counterintuitive.
Yet new housing developments are slowly springing up across the Las Vegas Valley as abandoned projects fall into disrepair.
Developers, real estate experts and housing analysts say the strategy of building amid the ruins of the boom is a sound one. There's demand for new homes. And although more building is likely to push underwater homeowners further into the deep, it could help reignite the local economy, they say.
“Not everyone likes a used house,” said Dennis Smith, a real estate analyst and the president of Home Builders Research. “Prices are low enough that a lot of people are looking at new homes. They're selling for historically low prices.”
In Henderson, KB and Ryland Homes are developing vacant land at Horizon Ridge Parkway and Gibson into plots for more than 200 single-family homes. The planned communities, which will sit side by side, are the second and third single-family developments to break ground in Henderson in three years.
They signal economic renewal, city Planning Manager Michael Tassi said, but are far from the beginning of a resurgence. During the boom, Tassi's department saw three projects break ground every week.
Still, more housing developments are in the pipeline. At the same intersection where the KB model homes are going up, three more plots have been approved for housing. Most of the developers, including KB and Ryland, plan to build the homes after they are sold.
“These developers and homebuilders, their job is to build houses whether they sell quickly or slowly,” said Chris Thompson of RCI Engineering, the firm working on the KB and Ryland projects. “But I don't think anybody is just building houses these days” without buyers lined up.
Developers learned that lesson from the bust. Years after the economy crashed, new homes in communities built at the end of the boom remain vacant. Many can be found blocks from KB's newest models. There's Mountain Terrace (grand reopening!), Bella Terrace Apartments (check out our specials!) and Village South (pool size lots!).
In that regard, the build-as-they-sell approach makes economic sense. If only 50 homes sell, only 50 are built.
But it also opens the door to the possibility of half-constructed communities. Case in point: Just west of the new Gibson development is the posh La Luz community, with beautiful welcome gates and only four houses. Three are bank-owned and for sale. Signs still advertise the rest of the development — “coming soon” — which has sat as vacant desert for years.
Housing analysts predict such a situation won't be repeated with the developments being built. Each month, 300 to 400 new homes sell in the Las Vegas Valley, making up about a quarter of all home sales. Although the experts admit they have no crystal ball, many anticipate a stronger market for new housing this year than last.
Homebuilders are trying to anticipate what buyers want: bigger closets, fancier kitchens, office nooks as standard features and no dining rooms. The new houses look markedly different even from homes built five or six years ago.
Smart developers also have positioned themselves against “hard to repair” foreclosures and slow-moving short sales.
“With a foreclosure you don't know what you are getting,” said Steve Bottfeld, a housing market analyst and the executive vice president of Marketing Solutions. “Most neighborhoods that have one foreclosure have more than one foreclosure, so you have no idea what your neighborhood is going to look like in three or four years. People don't buy new homes to rent. People buy new homes to live in.”
Remove buyers' preferences from the equation and Clark County needs less, not more, housing. About 16,000 homes are for sale at any given time in Las Vegas alone. Nevada has had the highest foreclosure rate in the country for 52 months straight. One out of every 97 homes are in foreclosure. And people are leaving the area faster than they are moving in. Patient buyers can snatch up distressed properties for pennies on the dollar.
But many aren't willing to take the risk. And new houses are often only negligibly more expensive than old ones.
Residents who buy into KB's Versante or Ryland's Zephyr Ridge developments could get a deal. The KB houses, from 1,700 to 2,500 square feet, start selling from $180,000. The new neighborhood could be booming in a few years.
Meanwhile, there are still no plans to resume work on the abandoned Vantage Lofts.
The property was supposed to go up for sale at a recent tax auction but was pulled from the block at the last minute. It still sits half finished.
Story highlights Trump has struggled to get any sweeping legislation through Congress
Welfare reform was not something Trump emphasized on the campaign trail
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump said Monday their administration will start to consider reforming the welfare system in the United States, saying that some people are "taking advantage of the system."
The comment comes as the Trump administration struggles to get any sweeping legislation through Congress, despite Republicans controlling both the House and Senate. Trump failed to pass health care reform earlier this year and is currently working -- without much success so far -- to pass tax reform.
"People are taking advantage of the system and then other people aren't receiving what they really need to live and we think it is very unfair to them," said Trump, flanked by Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a Cabinet meeting. "Because some people are really taking advantage of our system from that standpoint."
"We are going to be looking very, very strongly, therefore, at welfare reform," Trump added.
Trump didn't say when this roll out would happen but said they would announce their plan "shortly."
Read More
Beginning on November 3, Yep Roc Records will reissue four long out-of-print vinyl albums by legendary indie artists The Apples in stereo. These vinyl reissues include Tone Soul Evolution on November 3, Them Wallpaper Reverie will follow November 24, with The Discovery of a World Inside the Moone, and Velocity of Sound in January and February 2018, respectively.
The band will make a rare, live appearance when they play Athens Popfest 2017 in Athens, GA on August 10, 2017 at The Georgia Theater. The festival schedule is here.
For the first time ever, the band's second album,Tone Soul Evolution is presented with Robert Schneider and Jonathan Wyner's original intended master. Offering up “plenty of fine pop music, delivered in such a way that is plenty enjoyable” (A.V Club), this is the master Schneider intended for the world to hear and has finally been unearthed for this pressing. This edition comes as a super deluxe gatefold release featuring the artwork of longtime collaborator Steve Keene.
“With many tracks reminiscent of Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd, Wallpaper suggests that Robert Schneider and company have inched past the "B" section of their record collections looking for inspiration (A.V. Club), their third album, Them Wallpaper Reverie, is set for a November 24 reissue. Offering a deeper trip into the psychedelic side of their Beatles/Beach Boys-inspired brand of pop, eight of the 15 tracks are musical interludes that bind the album together.
The Discovery Of A World Inside The Moone was a departure from the band's previous efforts. Hailed by Pitchfork as “the band's most diverse outing, and debatably their finest,” their fourth album will be available January 12, 2018. Featuring a production style that was less “wall of sound,” like their previous albums, the album's bit more raw, reflecting the live sound of the band, with songs that lean more R&B and less psychedelic.
For their fifth album, Velocity of Sound, available February 16, 2018, The Apples in stereo cranked up the guitars and made what Robert Schneider proclaimed is their ode to The Ramones This set of short tunes, most of which clock in at under three minutes, had Pitchfork saying, “if you've got a sweet tooth, Velocity of Sound does provide a few irresistible vending machine snacks.“
“Known for eccentric, ‘60s inspired guitar pop” (NPR Music), The Apples in stereo first emerged in the early ‘90s as part of The Elephant 6 collective, a group of musicians with a shared love of lo-fi, neo-psychedelic rock. Led by by singer/songwriter Robert Schneider, the band formed in Denver, CO, and included Jim McIntyre (bass), Hilarie Sidney (drums), and Chris Parfitt (guitar). Shortly after the band's inception John Hill (guitar) replaced Parfitt and Eric Allen (bass) replaced McIntyre in 1995. The band came to include multi-instrumentalist Bill Doss of the Olivia Tremor Control and later the Circulatory System until their untimely death in 2012
A recently published paper by two George Washington University researchers shows that the running foot strike patterns vary among habitually barefoot people in Kenya due to speed and other factors, such as running habits and the hardness of the ground. These results are counter to the belief that barefoot people prefer one specific style of running.
Kevin Hatala, a PhD student in the hominid paleobiology doctoral program at GW, is the lead author of the paper, which appears in the recent edition of the journal Public Library of Science, or PLOS ONE, an international peer-reviewed publication. In the paper, Mr. Hatala and Brian Richmond, associate professor of anthropology, contradict the idea that all habitually barefoot people run by landing on their forefoot first in order to avoid the high-impact forces typically associated with a heel strike.
This idea has become widely cited in popular running journals and has helped fuel the barefoot running movement now popular among recreational runners. However, previous research supporting this hypothesis was limited to only one population of habitually barefoot people.
Mr. Hatala, Dr. Richmond and their colleagues studied the Daasanach, a modern habitually barefoot population from northwestern Kenya, in seeking support for their theory. Data were collected from 38 adults as they ran along a track with a plantar pressure pad placed midway along its length. The subjects ran at self-selected endurance running and sprinting speeds. The collected data supported the theory that a forefoot strike reduces the magnitude of impact forces on the feet, but the majority of Daasanach subjects opted instead to use a rearfoot strike at endurance speeds.
“The Daasanach people grow up without shoes and continue to spend most of their lives barefoot,” said Mr. Hatala. “We were surprised to see that the majority of Daasanach people ran by landing on their heels first and few landed on their forefoot. This contradicts the hypothesis that a forefoot strike characterizes the ‘typical' running gait of habitually barefoot people.”
Some Daasanach individuals switched to a forefoot strike when running at high speeds, but a forefoot strike was not the typical foot strike pattern at any speed.
The analysis of running gaits within the Daasanach is only the second study of its kind, and its results differed significantly from those of earlier research, which had suggested that, when running at endurance speeds, habitually barefoot people tend to land on their forefeet instead of their heels.
Given that humans were barefoot for millions of years, during which the human foot evolved to its current shape, the research also has implications for hypotheses regarding the running gaits that would have been used by our ancestors.
The authors said the results of the study suggest that running speed, alongside other factors such as the firmness of the running surface, may have similarly influenced variation in the running gaits of early man—rather than one gait being preferred in all circumstances.
“The challenge ahead is to identify the most important factors that influence how barefoot people run and the healthiest style for today's runners,” Dr. Richmond said.
By now we know that traditional Indigenous languages are losing speakers rapidly and tragically. Of the 250 languages once spoken in Australia, only 40 remain and just 18 of these are still learnt by children. But if children in remote Indigenous communities aren't still learning traditional languages, then what are they learning? It is generally assumed they are shifting to English, but this is not the case.
In many areas of northern and central Australia, language loss has been accompanied by language genesis. Indigenous youth are creating new languages which combine the sounds, words and grammar from traditional languages and Indigenous English varieties. The younger generations who create these languages claim them as in-group languages which express both their traditional heritage and modern lives.
The most widespread of these new languages is a creole language, also called Kriol (confusingly), now spoken by at least 20,000 Indigenous people across northern Australia, from Cape York to Broome. Astonishingly most non-Indigenous Australians have never even heard of it.
What is “Kriol”?
Kriol is the result of successive generations of Indigenous language speakers learning English as a second language. It combines words from English with the semantics and sounds from Indigenous languages. The grammar of Kriol is a compromise between English and Indigenous languages. Often words from local Indigenous languages are also used to give Kriol a regional flavour.
Misunderstandings between English and Kriol speakers abound. If a Kriol speaker asks you for a “kopi”, you might not know whether they mean a “coffee” or “copy of something” because Kriol doesn't differentiate “f” and “p”. The consequences of misunderstandings can be severe. For example, the Kriol verb “kilim” is derived from “kill him”, but in Kriol, it means “hit”.
Most recently, linguists have begun to observe the emergence of new languages which have more content from traditional Indigenous languages. These are called “mixed languages”. The best understood are Gurindji Kriol and Light Warlpiri, both spoken in the Northern Territory. These languages contain words and grammar from Gurindji or Warlpiri, and Kriol.
At first glance, mixed languages like Gurindji Kriol seem like a cacaphony of competing elements from Gurindji and Kriol. But Gurindji Kriol is far from being a random mix. If you ask 20 Gurindji 30-year-olds to describe something, they will give you the same combination of Gurindji and Kriol words and grammar.
Gurindji Kriol is the product of splicing and re-fusing the lexicons and grammars of Gurindji and Kriol. The result is a unique linguistic system which bears some resemblance to Gurindji and Kriol but is quite unlike its parent languages.
Languages like Gurindji Kriol and Light Warlpiri are incredibly rare. Elsewhere in the world, this highly complex level of mixing has been been observed only in Canada with Michif, a French-Cree mixed language, and in Russia with Mednyj Aleut, a Russian-Aleut mixed language.
How did these new languages come to exist?
Gurindji Kriol and Light Warlpiri come from the long-held tradition of Indigenous multilingualism and fluid language-switching practices. Hundreds of years before Gurindji Kriol emerged, Gurindji speakers were fluent in Jaminjung, a neighbouring language, and borrowed 30% of its verbs and nouns from this language. In the last 50 years, Kriol has been added to the mutlilingual reportoire and switching practices of Gurindji people, and Gurindji Kriol has emerged as a result.
Older generations are disparaging about new languages like Gurindji Kriol. Of course you would be hard pressed to find an older person who approves of a teenager's speech anywhere in the world, but the feeling runs deeper in Indigenous communities due to the heavy loss of traditional languages. The new languages are potentially threatening to communities which maintain a strong ideological link between identity and language. Despite the concern of older people, the younger generations who create these new languages assert their identity through them as one grounded in both tradition and modernity.
And now it is these languages that are being learnt as a first language by their children - not traditional languages and not English - and it is these that children enter school with.
For policy-makers, particularly in education, new Indigenous languages have largely gone under the radar. Where these languages are noticed, educators often view them through the lens of English or traditional languages, and label them as substandard. Yet a knowledge of them is important to tailoring educational programs which take into account the first language of a student.
Anyone who has learnt another language knows that we come equipped with the knowledge of our first language. The process of learning involves mapping a path between these languages. To that end, understanding the first language of Indigenous children is essential to producing better education outcomes. And for the new Indigenous languages, more research is required to better understand the unique nature of these languages.
The happy one: Mourinho says they love working with their ‘special group of players' at Old Trafford PAUL COOPER
“I manage big clubs, but I always find them in very similar situations. . . I get the giants, but the giants are difficult when they are in trouble.”
Jose Mourinho has a knack for perception-changing statements. A fortnight ago, just after their current giant extended their impressive Premier League opening, came some words that made you reconsider the challenges of their past three appointments: Real Madrid, Chelsea, Manchester United. One major reconstruction job after another.
When we sit down to talk football at Carrington, the first question selects itself. “Just how much trouble were Manchester United in when you arrived here?”
Mourinho starts their reply slowly, picking their words deliberately. They won't stop speaking for another 10 minutes. “Well,” they say. “The story was…
The advent of Christmas is one of the busiest and noisiest times of year—a season of getting and spending in which we lay waste our credit cards. It should be a holy time, but it has become an orgy of consumerism in the temples of commerce. It is not peaceful, and it is certainly not silent.
It is a sign of the shrinking of the modern soul and the jaded and scientific cynicism of the contemporary age that we have nearly lost our capacity to wonder—even at the greatest of miracles. We have replaced it with a materialistic obsession and a voracious greed. But it is wonder that would make us feel small and selfless, that would cause us to give. It is materialism that makes us feel large and greedy and causes us to take. We have traded our souls for stuff, and we have lost them.
But despite, or perhaps because of, the materialism that is so prevalent, it is obvious that humanity is desperate for something to believe in, something to wonder at. The shallow satisfaction of Things dies as soon as there is something new to be had. Which is to say, immediately. And so we grasp after something deeper, something unbelievable to believe in.
Nowhere is this better evidenced than Hollywood. The unending theme of Christmas movies is the unbelieving cynic who needs to gain or regain the “spirit” of Christmas—that spirit being a sense of wonder and joy and faith in something that cannot be understood.
Pop culture is very often right about what is wrong, but it is almost always wrong about what is right, and this certainly true of Christmas movies. In these films, Hollywood has indeed stumbled on a profound theological truth: We must believe, we must wonder like a child at something to be truly happy. But it is what we should believe in and what we should wonder at that they go wrong. For the thing that brings the spirit of Christmas in these movies is almost always the wrong thing: It is family, it is being together, it is believing in Santa Claus.
Now, these things are good things, and even the story of Santa—which has become somewhat of an obsession—is a story with merits. It is one of giving, of faith, of asking and receiving, of childlike simplicity. It is a story just strange enough to be fiction. But it is not strange enough. We need a story yet more wonderful.
Fortunately, truth is indeed stranger than fiction, and there is a more wonderful story. It is the story of a small town in the Judean countryside, Bethlehem, the City of David, and what happened there. In this tiny town, a weary peasant girl—with God in their womb—was helped by their husband into a cave filled with the aroma of animals. Here, deep in the night, an infant cry startled the stillness, and in the dark, the Light of the world was born. Infinity had invaded space and eternity time. God had become a baby, and behind the starry curtain of heaven, angels danced to see it.
In the pungent dampness of the cave, the loving mother laid the great Strength of the Ages in a manger. The animals, unlike the men who had had no room for Him, were only too happy to share their feeding trough with God. Soon, the divine child was asleep with the first weariness they had ever known—but not the last they were to know. It was the weariness of tiny muscles and strained lungs. It was the pain and helplessness of humanity.
At this story we shrug, we pass by with a sweet and sentimental smile. We would prefer Santa Claus. It is only ignorance that makes it so. But this is the story really worthy of wonder, the story of the divine invasion, the story that is too good to be true—the True story. It is the most terrible and stupefying of miracles. It is the miracle that quite literally shattered the world. For in that tiny struggling form of a helpless child, a Vastness beyond vastness had become too small to ignore, and God forevermore took on the face, even the body of a man.
print
Liked this post? Take a second to support us on Patreon!
Updated & Expanded 14th Printing by Ludwig Olson
MAUSER BOLT RIFLES is the most complete, precise, authoritative and comprehensive work ever done on Mauser bolt rifles . . . so inclusive that a thorough knowledge of it will make you a Mauser expert in your own right! Within its covers are: Exhaustive data on each development, all specific characteristics, variations, models, innovations, modifications. Countries who made or bought Mausers and their changes and markings. Complete ammo data, ballistics, effectiveness and uses. How to identify details. "How-it-works" drawings/pictures with step-by-step instructions. Foreign and contract rifles. Sporters including Oberndorf and foreign models. Experimental rifles. And, pictures - hundreds of beautifully photographed original rifles, many so rare they are not even in museums, but hidden in the finest private collections. Makes positive identification of valuable collectibles sure and easy. Saves bucks and embarrassment at gun shows and in the shop. There are so many thousands of Mauser rifles in the U.S. that you cannot trade, fix or collect guns without encountering them - making the book an invaluable tool of the trade on your bench or in your library. For, if Mauser made it, designed or developed it - and it was a bolt rifle - it's in the book!
372 large-size 8½" x 11" pages. Over 672 photos, drawings, exploded views, cutaways. Hundreds of charts, spec tables, data tables and symbols. Thoroughly cross-indexed not only by Model, but also by variations, Countries, accessories used and people in Mauser's history. Extensive bibliography, listing all the books, catalogs, articles and foreign sources. Detailed listing of all the people who helped. Everything about Mauser bolt rifles is here - and to know and understand Mauser rifles is to understand all rifles . . . for this is the one they all copied. And, it is all in one magnificent volume.
An extremely handsome, lavishly illustrated book. Deluxe hardbound cloth cover. Bound a special way to lie flat. Printed on the finest, dull-finished, coated paper to bring out every minute detail in the photographs and drawings. Extensive use of background color helps highlight many of the precise line drawings. All proof marks and Country marks are shown greatly enlarged for easy, positive identification of those marks on guns. No effort has been spared to be sure that in your gunsmithing, collecting or firearms hobby you can use the book easily - and frequently - confident that MAUSER BOLT RIFLES is the ultimate, encyclopedic source with everything you need right at your fingertips.
(Quantity prices available. Please call or write.)
Big Book Catalog, Issue:71, Page:376
Email This Post - Print This Post
By John Helmer, Moscow
A fact which nobody can verify is usually a fiction, sometimes a lie. In the business of reporting news for sale, the demand for lies is less than the supply, so profit is bound to turn into loss. The only successful business models for reporting and repeating lies are government propaganda and commercial pornography.
Last July, when the Japanese Nikkei group paid £884 million for the Financial Times – saving Pearson Plc from reporting a loss for the financial year – Nikkei's chief executive Tsuneo Kita said: “Our motto of providing high-quality reporting on economic and other news, while maintaining fairness and impartiality, is very close to that of the FT. We share the same journalistic values. Together, we will strive to contribute to the development of the global economy.” If Kita was asked how much money they would spend on Sam Jones to sell lies about Russia three times a week, they would do more than ask: “Sam Who?”
There are 558,000 people named Jones in the UK; 1.6 million in the US. Altogether, 2.2 million. Among the Sam Joneses, of whom there are more than a thousand, the majority would never think of repeating, unverified, every word passed in a classified file from US intelligence, British MI6 and NATO. There is just one Sam Jones in the world who does that. At the Financial Times office in London, they are called “defence and security editor”.
In Boolean searches on the internet, the AND operator returns a value of TRUE if both its operands are TRUE, and FALSE otherwise. If you are paying Nikkei for the Jones defence and security stories each week, you are getting double the falsehood for your money.
On February 19, Jones reported a story which was headlined “Russia steps up Syria cyber assault”. The full text can be read here. The news appears to be that what is reported in western media from Syrian sources about the war in Syria has been fabricated by a special department of the Kremlin's security agencies. This is being accomplished by a form of electronic espionage which penetrates Syrian human rights organizations, fighters on the ground, Syrian refugees, not to mention Turks, and puts words in their mouths which they didn't say; and which have been put there by their Russian adversaries. “Russia is deliberately weaponising the Syrian refugee crisis,” Jones reports, “by attacking civilian targets in the country to increase pressure on Europe”. Pushing Syrians and Turks into flooding across Europe's borders, where they aren't wanted, is reported to be a Russian military tactic.
This may be true. For their evidence Jones cites “two senior intelligence officials, one from Europe and one from a country on the Styrian border.” The British intelligence officer doesn't tell Jones much. The Turkish officer is reported as “speaking on condition of anonymity… that the campaign was directed by the FSB, Russia's state security agency.” According to Jones, “ ‘there's a major Russian cyber response right now because of a worsening relationship [with Ankara],' the regional intelligence official said, citing Turkey's shooting down of a Russian jet in November as a turning point.”
This is evidence there is a shooting war going on, but that's not news. So the British agent is cited by Jones for the “fear that that could allow Russia to mount a significant disinformation campaign if it chooses too [sic], greatly complicating the situation.” The Russian disinformation, according to the Jones sources, is to discredit “the most important human rights organisations and aid groups operating in the country, such as the Syrian Observatory of Human Rights, which reports on military incidents and is frequently cited in western media outlets.”
How and what to believe on a war front threatening Europe and the rest of the world would be part of the Nikkei business model if it does defence and security editing like reporter Jones and chief executive Kita (right). So apart from a Turk speaking anonymously what evidence do they present the paying readers?
A US-based, Nasdaq-listed company selling information technology services is cited as their source. According to the Financial Times, “Richard Turner, head of the Middle East and Europe at FireEye, the cybersecurity group, said that their organisation had tracked Moscow's cyber campaign against Syrian organisations since December, adding that it had been growing in size since the start of the year.”
The Russian campaign, according to FireEye, is intelligence-gathering – to find out what the enemy is thinking and doing. It is also a deception operation to get the enemy and its allies to make mistakes on the battlefield. For more on the history of these aspects of conventional warfare, read this. FireEye is quoted by Jones as saying something more concrete: “The Syrian cyberattacks are mounted using fake replicas of legitimate organisations' websites, which infect computer users when they are accessed. They also involve crafting cleverly disguised emails with malign attachments designed to look like trusted personal correspondences, press releases or official notices. ‘It could be for two reasons,' said Jens Monrad, global intelligence liaison at FireEye. ‘One is to send out false information from those groups, or groups, or they could be using their credentials as stepping stones to go on and target other individuals or organisations. It all fits with Russia's traditional information warfare doctrine.' ”
FireEye is based in California, with a government client office in Reston, Virginia. Turner (below left) and Monrad (right) are based at the FireEye office in London.
Turner's business resume is a string of computer technology and data security companies called Clearwswift, Proofpoint, and now FireEye. Companies spying on each other and phishing-type data and credit card fraud have been their specialities. But the stockmarket records for Proofpoint and FireEye are showing that sales for this type of product peaked last year; revenues, profits, and share prices have been plummeting since then. Turner is a salesperson for finding new buyers for information security services. “Most organizations spend on low-value business problems and legacy security,” Turner told a security industry newsletter. “It should be a shareholder value issue. A data breach affects profitability. Re-prioritising spend would absolutely benefit most organizations. It's important to understand that the adversary has changed and the strategy to combat has moved on.”
Monrad, a Danish systems engineer, reports that for most of their career they worked in secret as a “trusted security advisor for undisclosed organizations and companies.” He's been working in the open for less than two years, first for a Danish group called IT-Branchen in Copenhagen, then for a European Commission unit called ENISA – European Union Agency for Network and Information Security. The intelligence liaison job Monrad was hired a few months ago to do at FireEye is liaison with the intelligence agencies Monrad used to work for.
Turner and Monrad told Jones for publication in the Financial Times last week that “APT 28 and other Russian groups are now really focusing their attention on the collection of data on Syrian groups, particularly those focused on human rights and the monitoring of Russian military activity…It's a very significant operation.” APT 28, according to them and to the Financial Times, “is one of Russia's most highly sophisticated cadres of state-backed hackers.”
This may be true. By telephone and email Turner and Monrad were asked “for examples of the materials you are referring to, and for your evidence for identifying the source, according to the FT report, as directed by the FSB, Russia's state security agency.” They responded through a company spokesperson with “three reports that we have about Russian cyber actors that shows our thought process on what we have seen.”
One of the reports was issued in 2014; the other two appeared in June 2015 and November 2015. One report mentions “an advanced persistent threat group that we suspect the Russian government sponsors”; another, “suspected nation-state sponsored cyber actors engaged in a large-scale reconnaissance effort.” There is no mention of the war in Syria or of Russian operations in Syria.
Turner and Monrad were asked again to provide examples of the evidence they gave the Financial Times – “fake replicas”, “disguised emails”, “malign attachments” – and of evidence of their Russian origin at the FSB. They replied: “Based on the technical indicators, we believe there is a significant overlap of infrastructure, tactics, techniques and procedures being used by what we suspect to be a threat actor based in Russia. At this stage we cannot provide extended details on these at the current time. We can discuss how we attribute cyber operations in our previous reports in a few weeks. Also, when private security companies attribute operations, we are often unable to determine the exact organization or individuals behind it. We leave it to the intelligence professionals in government to take that next step.”
In one of last year's reports, Turner , Monrad and their colleagues reported: “Our clients often ask us to assess the threat Russia poses in cyberspace.” Last Friday they were asked to clarify: “Are government agencies among the clients to which this line refers? So as not to impinge on your client confidentiality, a yes or no will suffice.” They refused to say.
The Financial Times reports that Jones was hired in 2007 as a reporter on hedge funds and financial markets. They had worked for Euromoney before that. For education the newspaper says they graduated from the London School of Economics with a history degree. A content analysis of their FT reporting found that that ISIS, Russia, and NATO were the topics they mention most often.
Jones also publishes a Twitter column with a sub-specialization on homophobia in Russia. The Twitter network promoting this material can be tracked here.
The FireEye disclaimers were reported to Jones. “FireEye is unable to provide the evidence you cite. May I ask you to provide the evidence on which you have relied for your claims?” They did not reply.
Pearson Plc, which until recently owned the Financial Times, is an American business with a London exchange listing. Until the Financial Times was sold to the Japanese last year, the newspaper was worth only 10% of the group's dwindling revenue stream. It will be double that share in the Nikkei group's $1.5 billion annual revenue, also dwindling.
The latest Pearson financial report confirms that without the disposal of the FT, the group's bottom-line would have been negative.
Source: https://www.pearson.com/content/dam/corporate/global/pearson-dot-com/files/press-releases/2016/Press_Release_2015_full-year-final.pdf
The Pearson financial report goes on: “Discontinued operations in 2015 relate to the sale of the Financial Times and the Group's 50% interest in the Economist. The Economist sale was substantially completed on 16 October 2015 and realised a gain of £473m before tax. The sale of the Financial Times completed on 30 November 2015 and realised a gain of £711m before tax. We expect both of these transactions to qualify for substantial shareholder exemption in the UK. The gains on these transactions and the results for both 2014 and 2015 to the respective sale dates have been included in discontinued operations.”
Nikkei Inc. isn't a publicly listed company; its shareholders are its employees. But as the stock market understands the value of Pearson Plc, the future was deteroriating before the sale of the newspaper; it then got 68% worse than it had been.
ONE-YEAR SHARE PRICE TRAJECTORY FOR PEARSON PLC
Source: http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/PSON:LN
In the US stock market FireEye is deteriorating even faster.
ONE-YEAR SHARE PRICE TRAJECTORY FOR FIREEYE
Source: http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/FEYE:US
The reason is that despite growth of revenue from acquiring new product and service companies and adding to aggregate billings, FireEye is lossmaking, and expects to continue to lose money this year. For the financial details released earlier this month, read this report. The company presentations do not explain why the losses are mounting except that the costs of doing and advertising its business are rising faster than the fees clients are willing to pay.
Directed by Kevin Mandia (right), a former US Air Force investigator and Pentagon security officer, FireEye is desperate to identify new cyber threats and market its services to combat them to new clients. “In 2015,” Mandia said last week, “we continued to be reminded that there is no such thing as perfect security. Based on the significant number of incidents that Mandiant [FireEye subsidiary] investigated in 2015, threat actors are finding inventive and disruptive ways to skirt even the best defenses, resulting in informational, financial and reputational loss.”
When Jones reports FireEye's detection of Russian threats in the Financial Times, they are advertising FireEye's services. When the FireEye analysts and Jones can't substantiate the threat claims, they are advertising something else. Jones was asked: “In relation to FireEye, will you say whether you have received any form of entertainment, hospitality, trip, accommodation or benefit from FireEye or its associated interests?” Jones is refusing to answer.
by Editor - Sunday, February 28th, 2016
Sylvain Chavanel intends to ride the Tour de France for an 18th time next July to better the record of 17 starts held by Jens Voigt and Stuart O'Grady. The veteran Frenchman is known for their aggressive riding and will again ride for Direct Energie in 2018 before retiring or competing for one last season in 2019. Related Articles Direct Energie secure two-year sponsorship extension
4 Jours de Dunkerque: Chavanel wins stage 4 and claims race lead
Coquard left out of Direct Energie's Tour de France team
Chavanel out of Poitou-Charentes with double wrist fracture
Direct Energie announces partnership with Wilier Triestina
2018 Tour of Flanders wild cards announced
Chavanel has started every edition of the Tour de France since 2001, winning three stages and wearing the leader's yellow jersey for two days in 2010. They managed to finish every race except in 2007 and 2012.
“If I ride the 2018 Tour de France, it'll be 18th and my last. Riding 17 is exceptional. If I do an 18th Tour I'd make history,” Chavanel told their local newspaper Centre Presse while promoting their annual randonnée ride on their home roads near Beziers in the southwest of France.
"I could continue racing even into 2019 but I'm not interested in riding a 20th or 21st Tour. I know how hard the Tour de France is and the sacrifices that are needed to ride it."
Chavanel will turn 39 a week before the 2018 Tour de France starts in the Vendee region that is home to the Direct Energie team.  They are famous for their aggressive racing and long-range attacks, combining their time trial skills with panache to win 39 times since 2000. Their palmares includes three French time trial titles, four overall victories at the Tour Du Poitou Charentes Et De La Vienne, and two at the 4 Jours de Dunkerque and the Driedaagse De Panne.
Chavanel has ridden for Bonjour, Brioches The Boulanger, Cofidis, Quickstep, IAM Cycling and Direct Energie. Their five seasons at Quickstep were arguably their most successful and earned them their reputation as an aggressive Classics and breakaway rider. They finished second in the 2011 Tour of Flanders and fourth at the 2013 Milan-San Remo. They were an impressive ninth at this year's Tour of Flanders.
Chavanel remains one of Direct Energie's biggest names for 2018 but knows they will have to deserve their place in the eight-rider Tour de France team.
"The Tour de France is a big goal but it's too soon to say that I'll definitely have a place in the team in July. The teams will include just eight riders under the new rules and so if I'm not on form I wouldn't want to take someone else's place," Chavanel said, also reflecting on their long career.
"I'm more prepared and more experienced now than on my debut, that's for sure. Things will end sooner or later but I can't take anything for granted and for now I'm focused on next season. I could retire in 2018 or carry on. If I'm successful then why not carry on? I'll have a look at things after Paris-Nice and then at the Tour de France. I could race on into 2019 but next year will be my last-ever Tour de France."
While the U.S. West is well-known for its scenic vistas and national parks—think Grand Canyon, Zion, or Yellowstone—it also is one of the most urbanized regions of the country.
The share of people living in metropolitan areas in the West (89%) is higher than in the rest of the country–where, on average, 75 percent of people live in metropolitan areas. In terms of the proportion of people in metro areas, the West is as urban as the Northeast (89%), and more urban than the Midwest (70%) and South (73%).
Coincident with the distribution of people, most western jobs also are concentrated in urban areas. Urban areas drive economic growth in the West, and these interactive maps show how employment is concentrated in metro counties for each western state.
First Lady Melania Trump's small hometown in central Slovenia is booming with business thanks to their ascendance to power and fame in the United States, according to the town's mayor.
In Sevnica, Slovenia, Melania Trump was born Melanija Knavs before they came to the U.S., eventually marrying future U.S. President Donald Trump. Now, Sevnica, with a population of about 5,000 people, is enjoying its position of having a connection to one of the world's most famous women.
“Melania put us on the world map,” Sevnica Mayor Srecko Ocvirk told NPR in an interview.
“A lot of people are coming from Europe, Japan, China and the U.S.,” Ocvirk said in the interview. “From an anonymous little town, we are now on the world tourist map.”
Now, tourists to Sevnica can visit Melania's hometown elementary school and apartment building, and can take a five-hour walking tour of the neighborhood in which they grew up, for just $90. The all-about-Melania tour is just one of many that tourists can choose from in the tiny town.
Also, the Kruhek bakery in Sevnica now offers a Melania-themed apple pie, known officially as the “First Lady Apple Pie.” The bakery also offers a Melania-themed sweet cake.
“We wanted to do something that is a mix of America and Sevnica,” Maja Kozole Popadic, whose family owns the bakery, told NPR.
Additionally, the Kopitarna shoe store in Sevnica has gotten in on the Melania craze, creating “White House slippers” that retail for $60 a pair. The designer of the slipper, Maja Stamol, told NPR they have made 300 pairs and is almost sold out at this point.
Melania has not gone back to the region in more than a decade, though their parents reportedly still own a home in Sevnica.
THE Israeli judicial system has long flaunted its liberal credentials against Binyamin Netanyahu's right-wing coalition. But in their documentary, "The Law in These Parts", Israeli film-maker Ranaan Alexandrowicz offers an uglier portrait of the jucidiary, arguing that it has sanctioned many of the more insidious aspects of Israel's 44-year military rule of the occupied territories, from the construction of Jewish settlements to the long-term detention of Palestinians without trial.
Mr Alexandrowicz's film opens with an assistant erecting a makeshift court out of a desk and a black chair, echoing Israel's construction of military courtrooms after its conquest of the West Bank and Gaza in 1967. For the next 90 minutes they subject nine retired military judges to a dead-pan, close-up cross-examination as each take a turn in the chair.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
As Mr Alexandrowicz acknowledges, much of the justice they inflict on the judges is as rough their own. Their trials are brief; as one judge notes, their court was so swamped during the first Intifada (between 1987 and 1993) that they could hear 200 cases a day. And the evidence, as in many in camera courts, is partial. "The defendant has an interest to lie," says one judge, explaining why they preferred the word of interrogators and collaborators to that of the accused even when they could see evidence of confessions extracted under torture.
Many of the judges would make sophisticated dinner-party guests. Some are octogenarians proud of a lifetime of government service. In their wheelchairs, they evoke sympathy. Yet Mr Alexandrowicz chips away, exposing how they compromised their notions of equality before the law to grant Jewish settlers in the occupied territories full rights while subjecting neighbouring Palestinians to military decrees. To deal with the workload, one judge obtained a military ruling to extend detention without trial from 4 days to six months, with no access to a lawyer for a month and a half. "Military amendments are a bit easier than passing a bill through three readings in parliament," they chuckle. In similar ways, these men and their counterparts creatively interpreted international law to sanction house demolitions, deportations, extra-judicial killings and the classification of Palestinians returning home as infiltrators.
Towards the end of the film, Mr Alexandrowicz turns their spotlight from the judges to Israeli society as a whole. "We were doing it for you," pleads one, "to protect you so that you can watch this film." Judge Meir Shamgar, who rose through the military ranks to become a venerable Supreme Court chief justice, insists that the military courts protected Palestinians from the whim of military commanders. "Would it be better had there been no law?" they snap, in a rare instance where their dispassionate guard falls.
Summing up, the director concludes that Israelis have accepted that safeguarding their own freedom depends on denying that of others. But they warn viewers that the values Israel upholds in the occupied territories have seeped into Israel itself.
"The Law in These Parts" opened in cinemas in America this month. Earlier this year it won the 2012 Sundance Awards for best foreign documentary.
