Sen. Elizabeth Warren unleashed a torrent of insults against Donald Trump on Friday night after they called their “goofy” and resurrected a controversy over their claim to Native American ancestry.
The Massachusetts Democrat has been a longtime critic of the business person — saying that they have built a campaign on racism, sexism, and xenophobia.
On Tuesday night, after the Indiana primary turned Trump into the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, Warren vowed to fight so that, as they put it, their “toxic stew of hatred & insecurity never reaches the White House.” In a series of comments on Twitter, they accused Trump of inciting violence, disrespecting veterans, and having more supporters in the Ku Klux Klan than in their own party.
“What happens next will test the character for all of us — Republican, Democrat, and Independent,” they wrote. “It will determine whether we move forward as one nation or splinter at the hands of one man's narcissism and divisiveness.”
Trump responded to Warren's condemnation on Friday night on social media, saying they hoped that the likely Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, chooses them as a running mate and adding that they would beat them.
They also unveiled a nickname for her, “Goofy Elizabeth Warren,” and brought up the well-rehearsed controversy over their Native American ancestry, which was raised during their successful 2012 Senate race against then-Republican Sen. Scott Brown.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, left, ranking member Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Miss., and Committee Chairman Susan Collins, R-Maine, at a hearing of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging on April 27. (Photo: Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
“Let's properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren's records to see if they are Native American. I say she's a fraud!” Trump said. “Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton's flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie.  They are not Native American.”
In response, Warren pointed out that they attacked Trump on Tuesday and that 45 million people saw their tweets, but that, despite their supposed self-confidence, it took them until Friday to respond. They said that “birthers” lost their credibility when they questioned President Obama's citizenship, and that American voters would not fall for allegations about their heritage. Warren has defended themselves at great length on this issue elsewhere.
Continue reading
And which was named the worst.
Guess Which Government Agency Was Voted The Best For LGBT Employees
If you're hoping to ring in 2017 with a new career, you might want to look to outer space: The Partnership for Public Service has named NASA as the best large-agency government job for LGBT employees.
The annual survey asked 407,789 federal workers about their job satisfaction, and NASA came out on top for the fifth year in a row with a score of 76.8.
Getty Images
In addition to LGBT employees, NASA scored high among people of color, those with disabilities, veterans and men and women in general.
The survey ranked agencies by size: Large (15,000 employees or more), mid-size (1,000-14,999 employees) and small (999 or less).
The Department of Transportation came in second on the large agency list, with a score of 69.0, followed by the Department of State (68.0) and Department of Justice (66.9).
Twitter
The Federal Trade Commission was ranked first on the list of mid-size agencies, with a score of 87.8—the survey's highest score overall.
At the very bottom was the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with a rating of just 35.5. With the number of complaints issued by trans travelers in regards to TSA agents, that's not entirely surprising.
Getty Images
While the Obama administration worked to ensure government agencies are more LGBT-friendly, those improvements could be unraveled by our new president-elect.
Trump has consistently picked anti-LGBT cabinet members, so expect this list to be considerably different next year.
h/t: South Florida Gay News
The cause of a helicopter crash in the parking lot of an apartment complex in New Jersey is under investigation.At the Chatham Village Apartments Friday evening, the Robinson R44 helicopter made a sudden crash landing in the complex's parking lot just before 6:30 p.m."We heard something we thought was an explosion, and we all stopped and tried to figure out what was going on," said Sarah Schwarz, a witness.Miraculously, the body of the helicopter remained mostly intact during the crash and the pilot walked away uninjured, but their passenger was taken to a nearby hospital.Investigators said the 30-foot helicopter, weighing more than 1,400 pounds, left from Richmond, Va., and was heading toward Lincoln Park, N.J., when there was a malfunction. The FAA and NTSB are now studying the crash.City officials said considering how close this landing was to several power lines and homes, it could have been a lot worse."I think the pilot from my vantage point did a wonderful job landing this helicopter where they did and could've averted catastrophe," said Stephen Williams, police information officer of the Chatham Borough. "He crashed right in between the garages and the complex, like of all places to land, I mean there were a lot of angels out there."Witnesses describe hearing a small explosion that drew people from every direction to this parking lot just behind the apartment complex in Chatham. The helicopter's tail hit a garage."I see the helicopter was coming, it was a little high," said Jose Cascant, a witness. "I see the guy is coming around from the buildings and they tried to go."The 54-year-old pilot from New Jersey could walk, but witnesses said their passenger seemed to be in a lot of pain."I saw one man who was up and walking around and checking on everything and making sure that the helicopter was safe and stabilized, and the other gentlemen who was in the helicopter was injured, but they were conscious," another witness said.
Today I will explain how to implement Simple Client Side Notifications using jQuery.
There are so many jQuery notifications plugins are available for implementing client side notifications , But recently I came across a beautiful plug in called ‘Toastr‘ , a CodeSeven jQuery plugin which is very simple to use and can be easily customized and extended.
Let's go through a simple example. As I told before it's very easy to use.
Link to toastr.css and toastr.js files.
<link href="toastr.css" rel="stylesheet"/> <script src="toastr.js"></script>
We can trigger four types of notifications
Success
Error
Warning
Info
To Display Simple Notifications without Title use toastr.info() or toastr.error() or toastr.success() or toastr.warning()
## Success Message toastr.success('Hurray..'); ## Error Message toastr.error('Ooops..'); ## Warning Message toastr.warning('Be careful..'); ## Info Message toastr.info('He He..');
To Add Title to the notification pass Title as second argument.
## Success Message toastr.success('Hurray..','Success'); ## Error Message toastr.error('Ooops..','Error'); ## Warning Message toastr.warning('Be careful..','Warning'); ## Info Message toastr.info('He He..','Information');
Here is the simple Demo.
Not only simple text you can write html tags as notification dialogue box body. Here is the simple example.
tostr.info('<i>Success</i>','<b><i>Success</i></b>');
Enable Close Button in Toastr jQuery Notification plug in:
By default close button is disabled in this jQuery notification plug in and You can enable this by setting “closeButton” value to true.
toastr.options.closeButton = true;
This will enable close button icon in notification dialogue box as shown in above figure. And if you want to override this closeButton use the below code.
toastr.options.closeHtml = '<button><i>Close</i></button>';
And if you want to close all notifications at a time use the tostr.clear() function.
Position of jQuery Notifications in Web page:
Default position of notifications is “top right”.You can change the position of notification using “positionClass” attribute. With these options we can display notifications in six different positions in a Web page.
toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-bottom-right"; toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-bottom-left"; toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-top-right"; toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-top-left"; toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-bottom-full-width"; toastr.options.positionClass = "toast-top-full-width";
Display Sequence of Multiple Notifications:
If you have multiple notifications, the newest notification are shown at top side by default .However you can disable this options by setting “newestOnTop” to false. Then newest notification are shown at bottom side.
toastr.options.newestOnTop = false;
Here I covered basic usage of this beautiful jQuery notification plug in “Toastr”.It comes with so many options like callback mechanisms , Animations etc and you can override the CSS file to change the display . Please go through the plugin site to explore these options.
Here is the Simple Demo
Toastr is Responsive:
Include the viewport meta tag and the “toastr.css”, and toastr will adjust to different device sizes.You can test responsiveness of this plug in here “Toastr plug in Notification Responsiveness”
I hope you have enjoyed this article.If so share this post with your friends and also join our mailing list.
Wait before leaving. why can't you follow me on Twitter or be a friend on Facebook or googlePlus or linkedn to get in touch with me.
A mass grave have been found in Mexico, close to the town where 43 trainee teachers went missing last weekend after a protest turned violent.
After an anonymous tip-off, the remains of up to 20 people were discovered near Iguala in Guerrero state, 200 kilometres south of Mexico City. They have not been identified.
The students had travelled to the area to join a teachers' rights protest.
Police reportedly opened fire on their buses; some students were last seen being taken away in police cars.
Six were reported killed in clashes.
Distraught relatives of missing students held rallies demanding information.
Twenty-two police officers were detained on Sunday, and face murder charges.
An arrest warrant was issued for the town's mayor Jose Luis Albarca.
The authorities suspect police of links to drug gangs. The extent to which police have been infiltrated by drugs cartels has been a major concern in Mexico and Guerrero state has become increasingly violent.
Going into this match, and many others this season, I felt very confident that the Battery would come away with all three points. I honestly do not know if I am blinded by my love of this club, or their first place standing, or if it is simply my duty as the SNST Battery writer to feel that way going into every match, but I was wrong this time. The teams tied 2–2, and while the Battery stayed atop the table, their lead over Louisville dwindled to 3 points.
I cannot say that Charleston was the better team on the pitch Saturday night. Do not get me wrong, I am not saying FC Cincinnati was the better team either. In my opinion, the match was pretty evenly matched, but that is not what should happen when you are at the top of the table playing the club in 8th place. In the end though, it took a moment of brilliance from FCC to earn the late draw, and I guess I have to keep that in mind.
I also have to remind myself that when you play at FCC you are playing in front of 20k+ fans, which is more than some clubs draw in a month, and it takes a special performance to leave Nippert Stadium with a win. We in Charleston just happen to know what that performance looks like. Just re-watch our playoff match in Cincinnati from last season.
The Game
Charleston came out with an interesting lineup Saturday night. Garbanzo sat underneath Super Romario while Chang and Woodbine were replaced in the starting lineup. I know coach likes to mix things up from time to time, and with Guerra out the attack has been lacking a bit, but I know the bench is strong and anyone playing for Charleston has the ability to step in and make their mark on the match.
FCC starting the scoring early with a header scored by their leader goal scorer Djiby Fall (7). Some thought they were offside, but looking back on the replay, it was a good goal.
I mentioned players coming in off the bench to make their mark. Ricky Garbanzo has spent a lot of time on the bench this season but was in the starting 11 on Saturday. They showed why in the second half with a beautiful ball into Super Romario Williams, who back-heel-flicked the ball in off the back post to extend their season total to 11.
This is the type of play we hope to see more out of Tricky Ricky this season. I'm just glad they did not end up in another “Not Top 10” list with another post-goal celebration.
Less than ten minutes after Williams scored to level the score, Forrest Lasso stepped up and this time used their foot to put the ball into the back of the net.
It really is amazing to see Lasso finding openings to get shots on goal on just about every Battery free kick, even with every opposing defense knowing they are the target. It will be interesting to see if this run continues or if teams start to double and/or triple team them allowing others (like Taylor Mueller) to find the back of the net on set pieces.
After watching Williams and Lasso silence the FCC crowd, I thought the match was over. There was no way FCC was coming back. I actually said out loud that it was going to take a special goal to tie the game. Well, I think I jinxed Charleston, because in the 80th minute Andrew Wiedeman scored a crazy goal, FCC stole two points from the Battery, and Charleston left for home disappointed in only taking one point.
Quite a goal, that one. The 2–2 draw was a well-deserved final score.
Moyer's MOTM
Ricky Garbanzo
Tricky Ricky played a good game on Saturday night. They were quick and put a lot of pressure on FCC all over the pitch. Their assist helped put the Battery on the board and turn momentum Charleston's way. I hope their recent run of good play continues even when Guerra returns. It will be lovely to watch defenses have to adjust from the tall physical presence of Guerra to the small, quick, energizer bunny like play of Garbanzo.
What's Next
The Battery return home for their longest remaining home stand of the season. They will first face Toronto FC II on Saturday, June 24th. Then they will host Tampa Bay on July 1st and finish it off a huge match up with Louisville City FC on July 8th.
If the Battery want to remain on top of the USL Eastern Conference and have a legitimate shot at home field advantage throughout the playoffs, they need to play well during this home stand. I want at least seven points.
Story highlights Retired Navy Vice Adm. Dan Oliver had been president of the school since 2007
A yearlong investigation found evidence of mismanagement
Oliver and Provost Dr. Leonard A. Ferrari have been replaced
The Navy has replaced the top two leaders of the prestigious Naval Postgraduate School after a yearlong investigation into mismanagement and rule-breaking.
The school's president, Retired Navy Vice Adm. Dan Oliver, stepped down Tuesday, the Navy said. The military branch also replaced the school's provost, Dr. Leonard A. Ferrari.
An investigation initiated a year ago found that Oliver misused contracting procedures to sidestep federal salary limits and that both top leaders inappropriately accepted gifts from a private foundation that supports the school.
"Taken as a whole, we conclude President Oliver's conduct amounts to waste and gross mismanagement," the report states.
The investigation concluded that Oliver and Ferrari fostered an "atmosphere of defiance of statutory requirements and Department of the Navy rules and regulations."
Navy Secretary Ray Mabus appointed Rear Adm. Jan Tighe as interim president of the school, and the institution's vice provost will serve as acting provost, the Navy said.
Oliver had served as president since 2007, and Ferrari as provost since 2006.
The Naval Postgraduate School is in Monterey, California.
A Canadian hitchhiking robot made it just two weeks into its first American journey before being decapitated and having its arms ripped out.
The crime took place in Philadelphia.
Canada's hitchhiking robot lasts just two weeks in US before getting decapitated. http://t.co/802FBRUMho #smh pic.twitter.com/0bJexW3igk — Lauren O'Neil (@laurenonizzle) August 2, 2015
The robot, which was roughly the size of a child, was called Hitchbot and was a project of students at Ryerson University in Toronto. The robot, which successfully crossed Canada already, had a sign that said “San Francisco or bust!,” could hold basic conversations with drivers, and could be charged up in a car's cigarette lighter.
Hitchbot asked people to pick it up, drive it along, then drop it off for someone else to pick up and keep moving.
The robot had a list of things it wanted to accomplish in the states, including hearing jazz music in New Orleans and seeing the bright lights of Vegas, but it couldn't accomplish any of those things because someone in Philadelphia decapitated it.
“We have no interest in pressing charges or finding the people who vandalised hitchBOT; we wish to remember the good times, and we encourage hitchBOT's friends and fans to do the same,” the robot's creators wrote.
(Thanks to Wired for sharing.)
It's reboot time in Trudeauland.
In response to growing anxiety in the party caucus and declining polling numbers, Justin Trudeau's Liberals are revamping their campaign strategy, putting out stronger platform measures on an advanced timetable.
On Tuesday, the Liberals will release, ahead of schedule, what they are describing as a comprehensive plan to fix a broken Ottawa. They're not calling it democratic reform because they sense – correctly – that people's eye glaze over at the phrase. Rather, they say it's more like an overhaul aimed at convincing voters disgusted at the autocratic way Ottawa works under the Conservatives that respectable democratic governance can be restored.
Story continues below advertisement
Among a slew of reforms they are putting forward are measures to bring down the information barricades put up by the Tories, electoral reforms, and initiatives that restore power to the legislative branch to check the all-powerful Prime Minister's Office.
The Liberals are also drafting a 100-day action plan. It will lay out a series of bold measures a Liberal government would take in its first three months in power. The party hierarchy didn't want news of this out yet, but in an interview a caucus member spoke of the plan that a strategist later confirmed. Lester Pearson used a similar scheme in their victorious campaign for the Liberals in 1963.
In addition, the Liberals will soon announce a major component of their economic growth agenda, it being their infrastructure-spending plan. They tout this as being the mother of all infrastructure plans.
On foreign affairs, Mr. Trudeau will soon put forward their ideas for repairing Canada-U.S. relations. A trip to New York is in the works for next month.
The schedule for policy releases has been moved up because the party realizes that the NDP has been making big gains in convincing Canadians it is the real party of change and that this has to be reversed before it is too late.
There's been grumbling in the Liberal caucus over what members feel is an overcautious approach by Liberal strategists since last fall, when the party led in the opinion polls. Senior strategists dispute the inertia charge. They point to the leader's plan to raise taxes on the rich and give the proceeds to the middle class as well as their Canada Child benefit. They cite the leader's McGill University speech on liberties and theirs telling the oil patch it has to put a price on carbon and their earlier Senate reform, ending Liberal Party affiliation with the Red Chamber.
These reforms combined with Tuesday's new democracy vision and other measures on the way, such as a major policy release on the environment and on education, will prove to Canadians, the Trudeau team insists, that they are the most progressive alternative to the Conservatives.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the NDP has been more effective – a point the strategists concede – in getting its message out. Part of the Liberals' problem, they argue, has been bad timing. The day of the Trudeau climate speech, the Supreme Court of Canada issued a landmark ruling on assisted suicide, overshadowing that address. The day after they released their tax cut plan, the Alberta election overwhelmed the news cycle. Realizing that election might have had that kind of impact, they should have held off on their tax program announcement but chose not to. To focus more attention on their tax plan, they have made what they call the biggest precampaign ad buy in Liberal history.
If – and it's a big if – it has enough teeth, their platform for a democratic overhaul of Ottawa could pay off. The image of Prime Minister Stephen Harper as an autocratic bully has increasingly become a burden for the Tories, who have plummeted in public support since the previous election from 40 per cent to 27 per cent in the latest poll. No less than seven books on how the system has been broken have been published since last fall, the latest being Les Whittington's Spinning History and Mel Hurtig's The Arrogant Autocrat.
The Conservatives are in need of a reset, too, but the heat is especially on the Liberals. The battle with the NDP to decide which party best represents change is in full throttle. Mr. Trudeau has been losing that battle. The changes in strategy are overdue.
This development shows a couple of things: First, from lower enlisted soldiers to three-star generals, the Army is clearly no longer interested in Mr. Bush's war. Second, unlike the mercenaries of Blackwater, this shows that the Army officer corps cannot be bought off by Mr. Bush's cronies.
Now, if I'm a Republican, this latest op-ed piece really freaks me out. Because if I'm a Republican (especially one in the Senate), I've been arguing since Friday that General Sanchez's criticisms of the Bush administration are irrelevant because they didn't "resign" in protest to tell us how they felt. For instance, two days after Sanchez verbally savaged the Bush administration, Senator John McCain
said Sanchez should have spoken out at the time -- or resigned -- but "unfortunately, that doesn't happen very often."
And this is very funny that McCain would say such a thing on Sunday, especially considering that on Tuesday, 12 Army officers who had resigned their positions after serving in Iraq would speak out along similar lines to those of General Sanchez.
I wonder what Senator McCain will say now. In fact, I really wish him, McConnell, Graham, and the rest of them the best of luck in spinning this. Because they're going to need it.
This is the best way to sum it up: The Department of Defense is saying to its officers, "We will pay you $35,000 bonuses if you keep fighting in Iraq." And in return, the officer corps is saying, "We are not mercenaries. We do not want your blood money. And we no longer wish to be involved in your insane war."
Money Laundering, LIBOR Banking Scandal, Destruction of Indigenous Lands
Derrick Broze
Activist Post
Multinational bank HSBC is known for scandals as much as for global banking.
In the summer of 2012 the British multinational bank HSBC was exposed for laundering money for drug cartels, Iran, and moving money for an al-Qaida linked Saudi bank. A report presented to the Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigation in July 2012 detailed HSBC subsidiaries transporting billions of dollars in armored vehicles, clearing suspicious checks, and assisting drug cartels in buying planes through Cayman Island accounts. At the hearing David Bagley, HSBC's head of compliance, resigned in front of the committee stating that, “Despite the best efforts and intentions of many dedicated professionals, HSBC has fallen short of our own expectations and the expectations of our regulators.” In the wake of the investigation and 335-page report HSBC was fined $1.9 billion.
In July 2012 the news broke that HSBC, along with RBS, JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank and other banks were involved with manipulating the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)giving off a false impression of credit and providing them with a hefty profit. The European Commission launched an investigation into the claims and now the banks have begun to receive fines for their role in the theft. As of this article eight banks have been fined a total of $2.3 billion dollars, including American banks CitiGroup $95 million and JP Morgan for $107 million. HSBC has not been fined yet but may face fines soon.
Funding violent drug cartels, and financial theft are not the only complaints lodged against HSBC. HSBC is now finding itself the enemy of environmental and indigenous rights activists. The Rainforest Action Network has detailed how an HSBC financed company is forcing the development of oil palms on the lands of indigenous communities in Papua New Guinea.
HSBC-financed palm oil company Kuala Lumpur Kepong (KLK) recently claimed ownership of three land development licenses within traditional indigenous lands. KLK brought in palm oil seedlings and is believed to have begun planting seeds without permission. KLK has been accused of using slave labor in Borneo and child plantations in Sumatra.
Although community representatives filed a complaint with the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO), the organization charged with overseeing land development within the Palm Oil Industry, the Collingwood Bay case has been largely ignored by the RSPO. It should be noted that HSBC sits on the board of the RSPO. Critics accuse the RSPO of being a mere formality that attempts to legitimize the activities of palm oil firms and their financiers.
The people of Collingwood Bay have responded to the actions of KLK and HSBC with global calls for support. Adelbert Gangai, representative of the over 7,000 people from 326 clans in 22 villages, stated that, “(We) have been marginalized and become slaves on their own land. We do not wish this for the people of Collingwood Bay.”
The Environmental Investigation Agency (EIA) released a report,Banking on Extinction, that found HSBC leading the financing of palm oil firms, and the development of indigenous lands. HSBC lent $470 million to palm oil company Triputra Agro. The company has moved forward with plans to clear forest inhabited by endangered gibbons and other species. A rescue mission for gibbons found the animals close to death from starvation believed to be attributed to the destruction of their natural habitat, in Borneo. According to HSBC's own forest policy they are forbidden from funding activities that destroy “high conservation value areas”.
As the EIA forests spokesperson Jago Wadley said: “HSBC's 60 million customers around the world would be surprised and appalled to learn that such a high-profile and trusted brand is profiting from large-scale deforestation even as it projects a wholesome public image of sustainability.”
Make no mistake, HSBC is not the only criminal financial institution still doing business. These firms have become too big to fail and too big to jail. Banking institutions bankroll governments and finance corporations around the world with ease. Their relationships are further blurred by owning Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) and sitting on the boards of various watchdog agencies. As long as there is an oligarchical, corporatist state existing, the people will continue to be robbed, and mistreated.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! As individuals we can choose to take actions that will free us in our daily lives and begin limiting the power of these financial institutions that continue to wreak havoc. Stop using the banks and watch them fail. Invest in your community and cut ties with the big banks. It sounds simple because it is. We have the power to choose what we do with our money and how much we let our desire for goods override our ability to create a more free, compassionate, connected world. Other sources: http://blueandgreentomorrow.com/2013/11/08/hsbc-accused-of-bankrolling-deforestation/
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2174785/U-S-probe-accuses-HSBC-moving-7-billion-Mexican-drug-money-working-Saudi-Arabian-bank-linked-terrorism.html#ixzz20tiyTaKK Derrick Broze is an investigative journalist, community activist, gardener and promoter from Houston, Texas.  They are the co-founder of The Houston Free Thinkers, and co-host of Free Thinker Radio. Broze also hosts and produces a weekly podcast under the name the Conscious Resistance Live. Their writing can be found on TheConsciousResistance.com, The Liberty Beat, Activist Post, and other independent media sources.
The confrontation over the Palestinian bid to win recognition as a state at the United Nations shifted to the US presidential race when Rick Perry, the leading Republican contender, accused Barack Obama of appeasing terrorists and betraying Israel.
Perry, at a campaign rally in New York, launched a stinging attack on Obama's handing of the Israel-Palestinian conflict, accusing them of abandoning America's ally in favour of the "Arab street" in the Egyptian revolution, as diplomatic wrangling continued to try to head off a showdown in the UN security council over the Palestinian request for statehood.
The Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, was to meet the French president, Nicolas Sarkozy, and the British foreign secretary, William Hague, on Tuesday as Europe spearheaded efforts to dissuade them from pursuing the UN move with promises to revive peace negotiations.
Obama has said the US will veto the Palestinian request – expected to be made on Friday – for the security council to recognise a state based on the land occupied since the 1967 war, with East Jerusalem as its capital. The US president is also expected to speak out strongly against the move in their speech to the UN general assembly on Wednesday.
But Perry said that was not good enough, and blamed the president for bringing on the crisis by siding with the Palestinians over the expansion of Jewish settlements in the occupied territories, and by saying the US would act as a neutral broker in talks.
Perry said: "The Obama policy of moral equivalence, which gives equal standing to the grievances of Israelis and the Palestinians, including the orchestrators of terrorism, is a very dangerous insult. There is no middle ground between our allies and those who seek their destruction.
"We see the American administration having a willingness to isolate a close ally, and to do so in a manner that is both insulting and naive."
Perry attacked Obama for their recent statement, which angered Israel, that any final peace agreement should be based on the borders that existed before the 1967 war, even though it is widely accepted that will be the basis of a deal.
"It was wrong for this administration to suggest the 1967 borders should be the starting point for Israel-Palestinian negotiations," Perry said. "The Obama administration put Israel in a position of weakness, taking away their flexibility to offer concessions as part of the negotiations process.
"Indeed, bolstered by the Obama administration's policies and the apologists at the UN, the Palestinians are exploiting instability in the Middle East, hoping to achieve their objective without concessions and direct negotiations with Israel."
Perry also criticised Obama's handling of the revolutions in the Middle East, particularly in abandoning support for the former Egyptian leader, Hosni Mubarak, who was a close ally of Israel.
The Texas governor spoke of the "risk posed by the new regime in Egypt", which is not as sympathetic to Israel.
"The Obama administration has appeased the Arab street at the expense of our national security," they said.
Perry's attack is part of a growing Republican assault on Obama's Israel policy as evidence they are weak, despite the administration's success in finding Osama bin Laden.
Israel can be a sensitive political issue in the US, in part because of considerable support for the Jewish state among Christian evangelical voters.
Jewish voters tend to overwhelmingly support Democratic presidential candidates, but unhappiness over US policy on Israel can have an impact in swing states, most notably Florida, and on congressional elections.
Last week, Democrats suffered an upset, losing a New York congressional election to the Republicans in a heavily Jewish constituency. Although several factors were at play, particularly high unemployment and economic stagnation, polls showed that among some Jewish voters there was significant disquiet about Obama's Israel policies.
More importantly, the issue is used by Obama's opponents to accuse them of being soft on America's enemies and incompetent.
Republicans in Congress are blaming the president for the Palestinian request to the security council because of a speech Obama made to the UN a year ago, in which they said they hoped to welcome a sovereign state of Palestine as a UN member by October 2010.
The Palestinians are portraying that statement as "Obama's promise". Republicans say it is further evidence that Obama is hostile to Israel.
Another leading presidential contender, Mitt Romney, last week said the Palestinian approach to the UN "is another testament of the president's failure of leadership".
Perry said that if the UN grants additional recognition to the Palestinians, the US should close the Palestinian Liberation Organisation office in Washington. Other Republicans want to go further, and cut of the more than $500m in aid the Palestinian Authority receives from the US each year.
The House of Representatives foreign affairs committee last week held a hearing on the issue in which the chairperson, Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, called for aid to be cut.
Israel's deputy foreign minister, Danny Ayalon, said at the UN on Tuesday that the Palestinians should be punished for taking the statehood bid to the security council.
"There should be consequences for irresponsible behaviour. There should be consequences for the Palestinians shutting the door on negotiations," they said.
In the West Bank, which the Palestinians want the UN to declare part of their state, a call to Jewish settlers to rally against the move flopped when only a few dozen attended a series of marches against the Palestinians' bid for statehood. Soldiers in riot gear watched as the protesters burned the Palestinian flag near Beit El, a settlement close to the Palestinian city of Ramallah.
"If the Palestinians want a state, they can go to Europe or the US – it's very nice there," said Michael Ben Ari, a member of the Israeli parliament. "This is the land of Israel and we are here forever."
Hardline settlers have stepped up attacks on Palestinians and their property in the runup to the UN meeting, according to the Palestinian media, amid fears on both sides that they are trying to provoke confrontations. The Israeli security forces have stockpiled tear gas, rubber bullets and foul-smelling water cannon in preparation for possible violent demonstrations.
Genetics researchers have identified at least two new gene variants that increase the risk of common childhood obesity.
"This is the largest-ever genome-wide study of common childhood obesity, in contrast to previous studies that have focused on more extreme forms of obesity primarily connected with rare disease syndromes," said lead investigator Struan F.A. Grant, Ph.D., associate director of the Center for Applied Genomics at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. "As a consequence, we have definitively identified and characterized a genetic predisposition to common childhood obesity."
The study, by an international collaborative group, the Early Growth Genetics (EGG) Consortium, appeared online April 8 in Nature Genetics.
As one of the major health issues affecting modern societies, obesity has increasingly received public attention, especially given a rising prevalence of the condition among children. Research indicates that obese adolescents tend to have higher risk of mortality as adults. Although environmental factors, such as food choices and sedentary habits, contribute to the increasing rates of obesity in childhood, twin studies and other family-based evidence have suggested a genetic component to the disease as well.
Previous studies have identified gene variants contributing to obesity in adults and in children with extreme obesity, but relatively little is known about genes implicated in regular childhood obesity.
"The Center for Applied Genomics at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia has recruited and genotyped the world's largest collection of DNA from children with common obesity," said Grant. "However, in order to have sufficient statistical power to detect novel genetic signals, we needed to form a large international consortium to combine results from similar datasets from around the world."
The National Institutes of Health partly funded this research, which analyzed previous studies supported by many other European, Australian and North American organizations. The current meta-analysis included 14 previous studies encompassing 5,530 cases of childhood obesity and 8,300 control subjects, all of European ancestry. The study team identified two novel loci, one near the OLFM4 gene on chromosome 13, the other within the HOXB5 gene on chromosome 17. They also found a degree of evidence for two other gene variants. None of the genes were previously implicated in obesity. "The known biology of three of the genes," added Grant, "hints at a role of the intestine, although their precise functional role in obesity is currently unknown."
"This work opens up new avenues to explore the genetics of common childhood obesity," said Grant. "Much work remains to be done, but these findings may ultimately be useful in helping to design future preventive interventions and treatments for children, based on their individual genomes."
The co-first author of the paper, Jonathan P. Bradfield, is from The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. Two senior investigators from Children's Hospital, Hakon Hakonarson, M.D., Ph.D., director of the Hospital's Center for Applied Genomics, and Robert I. Berkowitz, M.D., director of the Weight and Eating Disorders Research Program, were also among the study co-authors.
A police officer next to various body parts in black plastic bags in Cuernavaca, Mexico, in 2012. Margarito Perez Retana/Reuters
Violence in Mexico has been on the rise in recent months as fragmented criminal organizations clash around the country, competing with Mexican authorities and one another for control of illegal enterprises.
Data released by the Mexican government reveals that homicides, perhaps the most visible aspect of the country's violence, reached an ugly milestone in July.
The 2,073 killings recorded that month were the most of any month since the President Enrique Peña Nieto entered office in December 2012, and it was the first time the country exceeded 2,000 homicides in a month since August 2011.
2011 was the bloodiest year in the six-year term of Felipe Calderon, Peña Nieto's predecessor who launched a heavily militarized crackdown on drug cartels and criminal organizations throughout the country.
The previous high in monthly homicides registered under Peña Nieto was 1,895, recorded in May.
Homicides in Mexico have risen steadily this year. Mexican government statistics
As noted by Mexican security analyst Alejandro Hope, these numbers appear to be part of an upswing.
July's homicide total was a 26% increase over what was recorded in the same month last year, while the 12,376 homicides in the January-to-July period this year were 16% more than the same period in 2015.
While some parts of Mexico have experienced more violence than others, the trend in homicides has been felt around the country.
"In July, 22 federal entities registered an increase in the number of victims and in many cases, the rate of increase was double digits," Hope wrote at El Universal on August 22.
The spike in bloodshed has been most pronounced in the southeastern state of Veracruz.
The 168 homicides recorded there in July were 68 more than in June and more than three times the 55 recorded in February, the lowest number so far this year.
Veracruz's 643 homicides in the first seven months of this year are more than the 615 registered for all of last year. The state's governor, Javier Duarte, has been accused of corruption and criticized for violence against journalists that has taken place during their tenure.
Both the 132 homicide investigations and the 168 victims are the highest levels recorded since the state started keeping official records for them in 1997, according to Animal Politico.
Journalists and activists with images of slain journalists at a demonstration outside the Veracruz government building in Mexico City on February 11 against the killing of journalist Anabel Flores. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
West of Veracruz, the state of Michoacan had 187 homicides in July, more than double the 87 recorded in the same month last year and the most the state has seen in almost a decade, according to El País.
Michoacan has been a intensely contested battleground for several years, as civilian-led (but often criminal-infiltrated) community groups fought criminal groups that ran roughshod over the state, while federal police officers and troops attempted to contain the violence.
Guerrero state, which borders Michoacan to the south, has seen some of the most elevated violence in the country, as criminal groups, fragmented by infighting and pressure from security forces, have struggled for control of the state's lucrative drug production and trafficking areas.
Baja California and Baja California Sur have been considered Sinaloa cartel territory. US DEA 2015 NDTA
The 215 homicides in Guerrero were the most the state has seen since the end of 2012. Violence in Acapulco, a tourist mecca on Guerrero's Pacific coast, has filled the morgues and dimmed the luster of a once idyllic oceanside getaway.
And in Colima, nestled next to Michoacan on the Pacific coast, the 345 homicides recorded through July this year were a huge jump from the 79 that occurred over the same period last year.
Colima, Mexico's smallest state by population and size, is home to the country's largest west coast port, Manzanillo, a vital outpost for any organization intending to smuggle drugs internationally.
Indeed, drug-related violence has helped drive up homicides around the country.
Several states in Mexico have seen spikes in homicides this year, most likely related to organized crime. Mexican government statistics
In Baja California, home to strategically valuable smuggling routes through Tijuana, homicides are up 34% this year. Earlier this year it was reported that Mexico's two most powerful cartels, Sinaloa and Jalisco New Generation, were fighting over Tijuana.
Turmoil within the Sinaloa cartel may have contributed to the rising violence in Chihuahua state, which borders Texas in north-central Mexico.
Reports earlier this year indicated that Rafael Caro Quintero, a top leader in what would become the Sinaloa cartel who was imprisoned from 1985 to 2013, had emerged from the shadows and was making a play for control of the cartel.
Caro Quintero has denied the ambitions attributed to him, but violence in the state has increased, rising by more than 40% from January through July this year.
In Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua's main US border crossing and a crown jewel of narco trafficking, July had the most homicides of any month since December 2013.
Juarez is far from the levels of violence it saw in 2010 and 2011, at the height of the cartel war for control of the city, but, as Hope notes, that violence is likely to continue until it reaches a level high enough to prompt a political response.
Across the country, in the northeastern state of Tamaulipas, infighting in the Zetas and Gulf cartels, as well as those two cartels' clashes with each other, has driven violence to frightening levels. The 106 homicides there in July were 31 more than recorded in June.
Soldiers escorting five people accused of being members of the Zetas drug gang during their presentation to the press in Mexico City in 2011. Alexandre Meneghini/AP
The Zetas, who broke from the Gulf cartel to form their own criminal organization, have been behind some of the worst atrocities in Mexico in recent years, including the killing of 72 helpless Central American migrants in 2010 and the torching of a casino in Monterrey in Nuevo Leon state (where homicides are up 52% this year) that left 52 people dead in 2011.
While organized-crime activity is an important factor driving the rise of violence in Mexico, the heavily fractured and opaque nature of the country's criminal landscape make analyzing and combatting that activity hard.
The fact that violence has gone up in so many parts of Mexico — coupled with missteps and bad practices by authorities— makes it harder for the government to respond effectively.
"State and local governments haven't been doing their part, and the federal government, [the violence] is so widespread, their resources are spread very thin," Hope told Insight Crime in June.
By now you've most likely joined Twitter (and if you haven't, you need to, pronto!). Twitter is not only a great place for businesses and marketers, but it's also a great place to spruce up your writing skills.
Yes. You read that correctly.
Twitter can make you a better writer. Here's how.
Twitter forces you to be concise
If you've ever used Twitter, you know that you have 140 characters to say whatever you want to say. Now keep in mind, I didn't say 140 words—or even 140 letters—I said 140 characters.
That's not a lot of room. Letters, numbers, symbols, punctuation and spaces all count as characters on Twitter.
What all of this means is, you have to be concise. You have to know exactly what you want to say, and say it in as few words as possible.
Many writers, however, are “wordy” and often have long, drawn out descriptions and sentences, so it can be pretty difficult to create a message that's only 140 characters.
Here's where Twitter comes in again.
Twitter forces you to exercise your vocabulary
Since you only have 140 characters to get your message across, you're forced to dust off your dictionary and thesaurus and find new words to use—Words that are shorter, words that are more descriptive, and words that get the job done in 140 characters or fewer.
Crafting a message for Twitter requires you to “pump up” your verbs (replacing adverbs and adjectives with them), and discover a better, clearer and more concise way to say what you want to say.
Now most people won't hit 140 characters right away. No, they'll end up with 160 or 148 characters to start out with (Twitter tells you how many characters you need to remove to make your message fit).
This is the final way that Twitter makes you a better writer.
Twitter forces you to improve your editing skills
Every writer needs to be able to edit their work. And by using Twitter, you can really hone your editing skills and make them top-notch.
It's almost like playing a game; trying to write a 140-character message and still get your point across in a way that inspires your followers to take action, to click on your link or to “retweet” your post.
I like to think of it as a brainteaser, forcing me to think hard and dig deep down into my vocabulary to find a way to shorten my message.
I've been using Twitter since January, and my writing skills have not only improved, but I've been writing better copy as well.
Yet another reason you should be using Twitter. Not that you needed one.
Loose-fitting short-sleeve shirts of brightly colored fabric in tropical prints
A vintage aloha shirt, circa 1960
The Aloha shirt, commonly referred to as a Hawaiian shirt, is a style of dress shirt originating in Hawaii. It is currently[when?] the premier textile export of the Hawaii manufacturing industry.[citation needed] The dress shirts are printed, mostly short-sleeved, and collared. They usually have buttons, sometimes for the entire length of the dress shirt and sometimes just down to the chest (pullover). Aloha dress shirts usually have a left chest pocket sewn in, often with attention to ensure the printed pattern remains continuous. Aloha shirts may be worn by men or women; women's Aloha shirts usually have a lower-cut, v-neck style. The lower hem is straight since the shirts are not meant to be tucked in.
Aloha shirts exported to the mainland United States and elsewhere are called Hawaiian shirts, and are often brilliantly colored with floral patterns or generic Polynesian motifs. They are worn as casual, informal wear.
Traditional men's Aloha shirts, manufactured for local Hawaiian residents, are usually adorned with traditional Hawaiian quilt designs, tapa designs, and simple floral patterns in more muted colors. Contemporary Aloha shirts may have prints that do not feature any traditional Hawaiian quilt or floral designs but instead may incorporate drinks, palm trees, surf boards or other island tropical elements arranged in the same pattern[specify] as a traditional Aloha shirt.
Aloha shirts manufactured for local use are considered formal wear in business and government and are thus regarded as equivalent to a shirt, coat, and tie (generally impractical in the warmer climate of Hawaii) in all but the most formal of settings.[1] Malihini (newcomers) and tourists (visitors) often wear designs of many bright colors, while Kamaʻāina (or those who have been living on the islands for a long time) seem to prefer less busy patterns. These shirts are often printed on the interior, resulting in the muted color on the exterior, and are called "reverse print". Those not familiar with this practice might consider it to be a manufacturing defect because the shirt appears to be sewn together inside-out.
The related concept of "Aloha Attire" stems from the Aloha shirt. Semi-formal functions such as weddings, birthday parties, and dinners are often designated as "Aloha Attire", meaning that men wear Aloha shirts and women wear muumuu or other tropical prints. Because Hawaii tends to be more casual, it is rarely appropriate to attend such functions in full evening wear like on the mainland;[1] instead, Aloha Attire is seen as the happy medium between excessive formality and casual wear (i.e., business casual). "Aloha Friday", a now-common tradition of celebrating the end of the workweek by wearing more casual attire on Fridays, initially grew out of an effort to promote Aloha shirts.[2] Although it is not uncommon to see professional women participating in Aloha Friday, it is more common to see men dressing this way.
History [ edit ]
Quilt made from vintage aloha shirt fabric, circa 1960s
According to The Honolulu Advertiser's advertisement of June 28, 1935, the Aloha Shirt was first sold at "Musashi-ya shoten" in Honolulu, was preceded as "Musashi-ya", established by Japanese immigrant Chōtarō Miyamoto (宮本長太郎) in 1904. After Miyamoto's death, in 1915, the shop was revised as "Musashiya shoten" (Japanese title: 武蔵屋呉服店 (Musashi-ya-gofukuten) by their son Kōichirō Miyamoto, who sewed Aloha shirt using Japanese Kimono fabrics and sold it first.[3]
The modern Aloha shirt was devised in the early 1930s by Chinese merchant Ellery Chun of King-Smith Clothiers and Dry Goods, a store in Waikiki.[4] The first advertisement in The Honolulu Advertiser for Chun's Aloha shirt was published on June 28, 1935. Local residents, especially surfers, and tourists descended on Chun's store and bought every shirt they had. Within years, major designer labels sprung up all over Hawaii and began manufacturing and selling Aloha shirts en masse. By the end of the 1930s, 450 people were employed in an industry worth $600,000 annually.[5] Retail chains in Hawaii, including mainland based ones, may mass-produce a single aloha shirt design for employee uniforms.
After World War II, many servicemen and servicewomen returned to the United States from Asia and the Pacific islands with aloha shirts made in Hawaii since the 1930s.[6] Tourists began flocking to Hawaii in the 1950s as faster airplanes allowed for easier travel and the former U.S. territory became a state in 1959. Alfred Shaheen, a textile manufacturer, revolutionized the garment industry in postwar Hawaii by designing, printing and producing aloha shirts and other ready-to-wear items under one roof. The tropical-print shirts for men and sundresses for women became standard and sometimes tacky souvenirs for travelers, but Shaheen raised the garments to the level of high fashion with artistic prints, high-grade materials and quality construction. Tori Richard is a brand of these shirts, established in Honolulu in late 1956.[7] Elvis Presley wore a Shaheen-designed red aloha shirt featured on the album cover for the Blue Hawaii soundtrack in 1961.[6]
Aloha Week [ edit ]
Aloha Festivals Floral Parade 2012 Man with a typical Aloha shirt during the2012
In 1946, the Honolulu Chamber of Commerce funded a study of aloha shirts and designs for comfortable business clothing worn during the hot Hawaiian summers. The City and County of Honolulu passed a resolution allowing their employees to wear sport shirts from June–October. City employees were not allowed to wear aloha shirts for business until the creation of the Aloha Week festival in 1947. The Aloha Week festival was motivated by both cultural and economic concerns: First held at Ala Moana Park in October, the festival revived interest in ancient Hawaiian music, dancing, sports, and traditions. There was a holoku ball, a floral parade, and a makahiki festival attended by 8,000 people. Economically, the week-long event first attracted visitors during October - traditionally a slow month for tourism - which benefited the Hawaiian fashion industry as they supplied the muʻumuʻu and aloha shirts worn for the celebration.[8] Aloha Week expanded in 1974 to six islands, and was lengthened to a month. In 1991, Aloha Week was renamed to Aloha Festivals.[9]
In the end, Aloha Week had a direct influence on the resulting demand for alohawear, and was responsible for supporting local clothing manufacturing: locals needed the clothing for the festivals, and soon people in Hawaii began wearing the clothing in greater numbers on more of a daily basis. Hawaii's fashion industry was relieved, as they were initially worried that popular clothing from the mainland United States would eventually replace aloha attire.[10]
Aloha Friday [ edit ]
In 1962, a professional manufacturing association known as the Hawaiian Fashion Guild began to promote aloha shirts and clothing for use in the workplace, particularly as business attire. In a campaign called "Operation Liberation", the Guild distributed two aloha shirts to every member of the Hawaii House of Representatives and the Hawaii Senate. Subsequently, a resolution passed in the Senate recommending aloha attire be worn throughout the summer, beginning on Lei Day.[11] The wording of the resolution spoke of letting "the male populace return to 'aloha attire' during the summer months for the sake of comfort and in support of the 50th state's garment industry."[12]
In 1965, Bill Foster, Sr., president of the Hawaii Fashion Guild, led the organization in a campaign lobbying for "Aloha Friday", a day employers would allow men to wear aloha shirts on the last business day of the week a few months out of the year.[12] Aloha Friday officially began in 1966,[13] and young adults of the 1960s embraced the style, replacing the formal business wear favored by previous generations. By 1970, aloha wear had gained acceptance in Hawaii as business attire for any day of the week.[11] Unlike the court dress required in most jurisdictions, attorneys in Hawaii may be allowed to wear aloha shirts in court, though this varies among individual courts.[14]
Hawaii's custom of Aloha Friday slowly spread east to California, continuing around the globe until the 1990s, when it became known as Casual Friday.[11][12] Today in Hawaii, alohawear is worn as business attire for any day of the week, and "Aloha Friday" is generally used to refer to the last day of the work week.[11] Now considered Hawaii's term for "Thank God It's Friday" (TGIF),[15] the phrase was used by Kimo Kahoano and Paul Natto in their 1982 song, "It's Aloha Friday, No Work 'til Monday",[16] heard every Friday on Hawaii radio stations across the state.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Blogger Roosh Valizadeh, a staunch proponent of "legal rape" and the man behind Saturday's meet up. View Full Caption Wikicommons
UPDATE: The Saturday meetup has been canceled. Read more here.
ROGERS PARK — A group of men's rights activists are planning to meet on the Far North Side Saturday night as a way to "come out" proudly about the difficulties they face as men who both despise women, yet work tirelessly to get dates with them — and Chicago feminists will be there to welcome them.
It's part of an "International Tribal Meetup Day" in which followers of the Return of Kings blog are supposed to heed the call of their leader, blogger Roosh Valizadeh, 36, who has been a staunch proponent of "legal rape."
RELATED: Chicago 'Men's Rights' Meetup Infuriates Locals, Has Police On Lookout
"I propose that we make the violent taking of a woman not punishable by law when done off public grounds," they wrote on their blog in February 2015.
Aside from their pro-rape stance, Roosh also is looked upon by their followers as a "pickup artist" who claims to have an expertise in women that can help their fans get dates.
The meetup is the solution to what Roosh said is a problem among their followers: building meaningful friendships.
Though they say their fans have "normal friendships," they believe their followers may struggle to have real-life, dependable relationships.
By meeting in person, the men can more strongly connect and bond, as well as reaffirm their beliefs about "the enemy" — more specifically, the women they are trying to "pick up."
"Up to now, the enemy has been able to exert their power by isolating us and attacking with shrieking mobs, but we'll be able to neutralize that tactic by amassing in high numbers come February 6," Roosh wrote. "I will exact furious retribution upon anyone who challenges you in public on that date."
Despite meeting in a public place with a goal of proudly declaring their feelings, the men's group said it still wants privacy and has concerns about being "doxxed" — meaning it would prefer counterprotesters not record and identify members, nor publish pictures or videos of them online which could interfere with their employment or private life.
As safeguards, the group said it vehemently excludes women (if one is nearby, it is acceptable to "get their number and then tell them to buzz off"), gay and trans men, and men under 21.
The men are to meet at a flagpole near Devon Avenue and Sheridan Road at the border of Rogers Park and Edgewater Saturday night at 8 p.m., where they are instructed to ask "Do you know where I can find a pet shop?"
Members who are part of the group are to respond, "Yes it's right here." Details for the event page warn men not to get confused and walk to the nearest pet store.
At 8:20 p.m., the men will follow their designated group leader to the actual, secret meeting location, although the event organizers claim the event's purpose is to empower men to "come out of the shadows and not have to hide behind a computer screen for fear of retaliation."
Chicago is one of a handful of places around the globe considered a hub for the Return of Kings followers, also known as "tribes," that are managed by a local "chief" and "elder" who communicate with fans in online forums.
The forum is considered to be in a "state of emergency" leading up to Saturday's event.
Roosh wrote that he's not concerned "feminist agent[s]" might infiltrate the group, but also told their followers who plan on attending that the event does not require "high trust," and members should be careful about giving out personal information.
The men's group may not need to worry about undercover women trying to get into the club, as the women's group Feminist Uprising to Resist Inequality and Exploitation, more commonly known as FURIE, will be alongside the men counterprotesting.
In an online event for FURIE, the group said it plans to "clown" the men, but acknowledged some of the danger involved — specifically the group's thoughts on men who mass murder women.
After Elliot Rodger killed six people near the University of Santa Barbara in May 2014, Roosh called Rodger the "first feminist mass murderer" and asserted they would not have killed had they only "learned game" when it came to dating women.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho said they had forgotten what it felt like to win after watching their side thump Maccabi Tel Aviv on Wednesday.
Goals from Willian, Oscar, Diego Costa and Cesc Fabregas helped the Blues to a comfortable Champions League victory and saw them shrug off memories of a woeful start to the new Premier League season.
Indeed, this fixture was billed as an opportunity for a pick-me-up for Mourinho and their charges as they looked to bounce back from just one victory in their opening five top flight matches.
"I forgot the feeling (of winning). For so long we didn't win. It's so good," the Portguese boss said.
However, Mourinho would have been forgiven for thinking their side's rotten run of form might continue as Eden Hazard skied an early penalty with the scores still level at 0-0.
"The penalty we missed was a big test for us," they added. "When everything goes against you - red cards, penalties, decisions, injuries and you have to win and after five minutes you miss a penalty, it's a great test of your character.
"The reaction was very good. I'm happy with the performance and the result."
Times columnist and author India Knight has called for the assassination of U.S. President, Donald J. Trump.
During a days-long invective against the newly inaugurated President on Twitter in which Knight called Mr. Trump a “moron,” “mad,” “needy,” and an “arse,” among other things, before telling them to “shut up,” they mused, “The assassination is taking such a long time”:
The assassination is taking such a long time. — India Knight (@indiaknight) January 28, 2017
Knight's attitude is directly in-line with the British media class, many of whom they have cheered on via Twitter over the last few days.
Watching the joint press conference held by Mr Trump and the British Prime Minister Theresa May, in which they heralded a rebooting of the Special Relationship between their two countries, Knight retweeted a post by Buzzfeed political editor Jim Waterstone which implied that the American Secret Service were so incompetent that they couldn't understand the British conventional way of rendering dates into numerical format (day-month-year).
Another from fellow Times journalist Hugo Rifkind highlighted that the British press had used the question and answer session to call Trump a racist and a liar.
British press corp is locked outside the White House because our birthdates were submitted in UK format and secret service don't get it. — Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) January 27, 2017
Two questions in, the British press have so far called Trump a racist and a liar. — Hugo Rifkind (@hugorifkind) January 27, 2017
Knight themselves also cheered on the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg, who used their question during the Q&A to attack Mr Trump in such a manner that they were moved to respond, “That was your question? There goes that relationship!”
Knight tweeted “Go @bbclaurak! [Kuenssberg]” followed by “I love the British press”.
I love the British press. — India Knight (@indiaknight) January 27, 2017
They later re-tweeted posts from British journalists celebrating forcing the Prime Minister to respond to demands from the British press pack to condemn the President's decision to pause immigration from some Muslim-majority countries.
But Knight's opposition to Mr Trump – and in particular their call for their assassination – has not gone down well with fellow Twitter users.
Members of the public tweeted back to call them a “horrible person” and a “psychopath” for wishing death on anyone, while one person mused that they were typical of so-called “tolerant” liberals.
@HeimishCon @indiaknight if the only way to get your way, involves murder, you might be a psychopath — existino (@existino) January 29, 2017
@indiaknight Wow. You have a different opinion than someone so wish them dead? What a horrible person you are. — Aidan (@engcricketfan75) January 28, 2017
@indiaknight Just another peace loving, tolerant liberal. Nothing to see here. — Mark (@n7gooner72) January 29, 2017
Others noted that they had reported their Tweet to the authorities and to Twitter. A number of people have been jailed in the past for tweeting abusive messages; most notably student Liam Stacey who in 2012 was jailed for 56 days for tweeting racist comments while drunk – a sentence which the judge said must be imposed due to the level of “public outrage”.
Knight's comment comes days after a German newspaper editor suggested on television that “murder in the White House” could be a way to end the “Trump catastrophe”.
In settling a lawsuit filed by the New York Civil Liberties Union, the federal government today recognized the public's right to take photographs and record videos in public spaces outside federal courthouses throughout the nation. The settlement comes after the NYCLU sued the federal government in April on behalf of a Libertarian activist who was unlawfully arrested by federal officers after exercising their First Amendment right to record digital video outside of a federal courthouse in Lower Manhattan. “This settlement secures the public's First Amendment right to use cameras in public spaces without being harassed,” NYCLU Executive Director Donna Lieberman said. “While we understand the need for heightened security near federal buildings, any rule that results in the arrest of people for exercising their First Amendment rights is clearly unconstitutional. We're pleased the federal government finally recognizes this fact.” Plaintiff Antonio Musumeci was arrested on Nov. 9, 2009 after using a hand-held camera to record a protestor in a public plaza outside the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Federal Courthouse in Manhattan. During the arrest, federal officers forced Musumeci to the pavement and confiscated video from their camera. Musumeci, a software developer for an investment bank, was detained for about 20 minutes and issued a ticket for violating a federal regulation. That charge was later dismissed. On two subsequent occasions, federal officers threatened Musumeci with arrest after trying to record protests at the courthouse. “The courthouse plaza is public property paid for by taxpayers, and the public should not be prohibited from using video cameras there. Now people can freely express their First Amendment right there without being harassed and arrested by federal officers,” said Musumeci, a resident of Edgewater, N.J. In the settlement approved today by a federal judge in Manhattan, the federal government acknowledges that there are no federal laws or regulations that prohibit photography outside federal courthouses. It agreed to provide federal officers written instructions emphasizing the public's right to photograph and record outside federal courthouses. The settlement has even broader implications, though. “Not only will this settlement end harassment of photographers outside federal courthouses, it will free people to photograph and film outside of all federal buildings,” said NYCLU Associate Legal Director Christopher Dunn, lead counsel in the case. “The regulation at issue in this case applies to all federal buildings, not only courthouses, so this settlement should extend to photography near all federal buildings nationwide.
The White House sent Chief of Staff Denis McDonough and a small army of administration officials to Capitol Hill Wednesday to talk fast-track trade authority with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
House Republicans say they expect to put the Senate-passed trade measure on the floor before the end of the week. It would allow for an up-or-down vote on future trade deals, most notably the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which major liberal groups oppose. The vast majority of Pelosi's Democrats are expected to vote against the president, but the White House is still trying to round up as many as 20 to 25 defectors to join hands with Republicans.
With little fanfare, McDonough walked into Pelosi's second-floor Capitol Building office with National Economic Council director Jeff Zients, US Trade Representative Mike Froman, Labor Secretary Tom Perez, and legislative affairs specialist Amy Rosenbaum at about 3 pm.
The meeting was "part of the administration's ongoing engagement with Congress on the president's trade agenda," a White House official said. Pelosi spokesperson Drew Hammill declined to discuss the meeting; the minority leader has so far kept their cards close to the vest on both fast-track authority and the TPP deal as a whole.
Labor groups have put tremendous pressure on Democrats to oppose fast-track authority, which would pave the way for consideration of the Pacific Rim trade deal. The AFL-CIO's legislative director, Bill Samuel, circulated a letter to House members on Wednesday urging them to vote against a companion measure funding assistance programs for workers hurt by international trade, on the grounds that there's too little money and that it would be funded by a Medicare cut:
On behalf of the AFL-CIO, I urge you to vote against the Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) proposal that will be considered during the Fast Track debate. Although the AFL-CIO supports renewal of a comprehensive and well-funded TAA, a vital program to help retrain workers who lose jobs to trade, the version being considered falls short in several areas.
As Greg Sargent of the Washington Post explained last week, House liberals believe the TAA issue could derail to fast-track bill. If TAA fails, or if it's sweetened to please liberals, to fast-track bill would be subject to a House-Senate conference to iron out the differences between the chambers. That could be a very messy process.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Paige Carpenter suffered severe brain damage during their birth in New Zealand 14 years ago
A girl with severe disabilities is having to fly from Essex to the other side of the world every month in order to qualify for medical compensation.
Paige Carpenter, 14, suffered brain-damage during their birth in New Zealand and was awarded money for their care.
When the family came back to live in Great Bentley, they learned Paige would have to spend one day a month in New Zealand to qualify for payments.
The authorities there said they could not sanction overseas care payments.
Paige was starved of oxygen during their birth, leaving them with epilepsy and cerebral palsy and they have a twisted spine. They use a wheelchair and can only speak a few words.
They were awarded compensation for life-long care.
'Heart-breaking'
When family circumstances forced their British mother, Donna Carpenter, 43, back to the UK with Paige and their five siblings in 2010, the payments ended.
But a loophole in legislation meant that if Paige was in New Zealand for 24 hours once a month they were entitled to reduced compensation.
This has been £1,000 a week since October last year.
The payment is less than half what Paige was receiving when the family was in New Zealand, as financial support is restricted once beneficiaries leave the country.
The only thing we want to do is improve Paige's life and to have the family as a family Stephen Barnett, Paige's stepfather
Mrs Carpenter wants to continue the journeys to New Zealand in order to highlight Paige's plight in the hope that the authorities will reconsider the case.
The flight can take up to 26 hours with one stopover, and costs about £3,500 for Paige, their mother and their stepfather.
"We don't get much sleep on the plane," said Mrs Carpenter.
"Paige cat-nap sleeps anyway, but we get very, very exhausted.
"She didn't ask for this.
"It's a strain on the whole family, but it's the kids that are saying 'you've got to do it Mum, you've got to do it for Paige'."
Paige's stepfather Stephen Barnett, 47, said: "The only thing we want to do is improve Paige's life and to have the family as a family."
The Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC) in New Zealand provides the assistance to Paige and is governed by the Accident Compensation Act.
In a statement the corporation said it had used its discretion to approve overseas attendant care payments for Paige and wanted to extend the discretionary payments beyond February.
"Legislation does not enable us to approve overseas attendant care on a permanent basis," the statement said.
"However, ACC is committed to working with Paige's family to consider ongoing solutions that will provide the family with peace of mind regarding the duration of overseas care approved."
MP SPEAKS I had issued a statement yesterday demanding that Najib Abdul Razak explain exactly how the government arrived at a painful 20 sen increase for petrol prices.
RON95 and RON97 prices went up by 20 sens to RM2.30 (9.5 percent) and RM2.60 (8.3 percent) respectively while diesel cost went up by 10 sens to RM2.15 (4.9 percent).
This follows from the already big hike Malaysians have experienced since January where all types of fuel already increased in price by 20 sens.
Malaysians deserve a straightforward answer from the government because they cannot fathom why the prices of fuel was upped significantly even though global crude oil prices have declined over the past month. What's more, the beleaguered ringgit actually recovered marginally which should ease the price pressures further.
Instead of receiving any response from any responsible minister, much less the finance and prime minister, we got a reply from the ‘BN Strategic Communications Team'. We don't know who they are, or even know what is their capacity to respond on behalf of the government.
Regardless, taking their response at face value, they failed to provide any clarity on how the government arrived at the painful 20 sen quantum of hike. If they could write such a lengthy essay to rebut my simple question, why couldn't they just attach the spreadsheet to justify the increase?
It explained that the pump prices was calculated from the average refined oil prices as measured by the ‘Singapore Means of Platts' (MOPS), which is already a widely acknowledged fact.
However, all that was further relevant from the statement was a paragraph which said, “a check on the MOPS would show that the average price of motor gasoline 95 unleaded for January had stabilised in a range of US$69 to US$70 per barrel and was materially higher than the average price in December 2016 where the price had steadily increased from US$62 at the beginning of the month to US$68 by December's end.”
If the BN Strategic Communications Team is so confident of the numbers, why did they try to obfuscate the statistics with a fuzzy range of numbers, instead of just providing the specifics to justify the 20 sen hike?
Doing the calculation on their behalf
I did the BN Strategic Communications Team a favour by doing the calculation on their behalf.
The average MOPS95 price for December 2016 is US$66.553 per barrel or US$0.4186 per litre. That works out to RM1.8753 per litre at the then-exchange rate of US$1:RM4.48.
MOPS95 averaged slightly higher at US$68.820 per barrel or US$0.4328 per litre in January. In turn, it translates to RM1.9130 per liter (US$1:RM4.42).
Hence based on the exact explanation provided by the BN Strategic Communications Team, the difference in price is only 3.8 sen more for January.
If so, why did the government increase by so much more at 20 sens?
Therefore, my question raised yesterday remains unanswered, and Najib, as both the finance and prime minister, must explain why the price of petrol has increased so significantly despite the above.
The Finance Ministry must disclose if the government is actually imposing hidden taxes on the consumers to cover up for government budget shortfalls.
Once again, we urge the full disclosure of the data, formula and exact details on how the fuel price hikes are calculated so that Malaysians know exactly why they have been forced to suffer as a result of the government's policies.
TONY PUA is DAP national publicity secretary and Member of Parliament for Petaling Jaya Utara in Kuala Lumpur.
The views expressed here are those of the author/contributor and do not necessarily represent the views of Malaysiakini.
Photo: Menahem Kahana/AFP/Getty Images
The status of David Brooks's marriage may have long been a subject of media speculation, but one aspect about their home life has remained relatively unknown: The New York Times columnist has a son who's currently serving in the IDF. Although the fact mostly went under the radar during this summer's conflict in Gaza, Brooks discussed their son's service in a recent Hebrew-language interview with Ha'aretz, raising the inevitable questions about bias and disclosure.
Rob Eshman of the Jewish Journal translated the relevant portion of the interview:
“Brook's connection to Israel was always strong,” the article reports. “He has visited Israel almost every year since 1991, and over the past months the connection has grown even stronger, after their oldest son, aged 23, decided to join the Israel Defense Forces as a “lone soldier” [Ed. Note: a soldier with no immediate family in Israel]. “‘It's worrying,'” says Brooks, ‘But every Israeli parent understands this is what the circumstances require. Beyond that, I think children need to take risks after they leave university, and that they need to do something difficult, that involves going beyond their personal limits. Serving in the IDF embodies all of these elements. I couldn't advise others to do it without acknowledging it's true for my own family.'”
It's by no means uncommon for American Jews to have close family ties to Israel, but it is surprising that Brooks, who writes about the country with some frequency, never mentioned that their son volunteered to serve.
According to Eshman, in a similar, previous case involving a Times reporter, the paper's ombudsman, citing company policy, said the reporter should disclose the connection to their editor, and they would then make a decision together about how to handle it. The roles of a reporter and an opinion columnist are, of course, different, but Brooks's editor has yet to comment.
Canadian MPs will have to wait upwards of 10 years longer to start collecting their political pensions under changes the Harper government is crafting to demonstrate the Conservatives are leading by example on restraint.
It's part of a major overhaul that Tory government MPs are designing to water down the relatively lucrative pensions collected by federal politicians – and one that, if enacted, could eventually cost members of Parliament hundreds of thousands of dollars in foregone retirement payouts.
The plan would be to change the rules – beginning after the next federal election – so that MPs begin receiving their parliamentary pension at age 65 instead of 55. The Conservatives are hoping to insert all the pension changes into the second and final implementation bill for the 2012 budget.
Story continues below advertisement
This would present their political rivals with a dilemma: If the NDP and Liberals oppose the budget – because of other measures in it – they will leave themselves open to charges they didn't support MP pension reforms.
Any delay in the collection age for MPs pensions would only apply to pension entitlements earned after the changes go into effect.
MPs who have racked up entitlement benefits under the current system would still begin receiving that portion of payouts at age 55.
There's a plan, however, being hatched to take more drastic action on the collection date for political pensions.
By 2029, changes to seniors pensions announced by the Harper government this year will mean Canadians must wait until age 67 to receive Old Age Security benefits – up from age 65. Another proposal in the works would require MPs to similarly wait until age 67 to receive their pensions – an additional change that would take effect years from now when the OAS changes kick in. It's meeting resistance inside Tory caucus.
The Tories are also going to dramatically increase the amount of cash MPs must pay into their retirement nest egg. The Harper government, which has signalled it wants federal public servants to shoulder more of the burden for contributions to their pension plans, has told MPs that they must do the same.
That's why the Conservative caucus is designing a new scheme that would force MPs to pay 50 per cent of the annual contribution to their pension package. These days, MP contributions represent a small fraction of what the government is contributing.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The Harper government has left it to MPs to decide how aggressive the savings rate will be for the revised retirement plan.
Benefits under the existing scheme accrue at the generous rate of 3 per cent annually – all of this heavily subsidized by the Canadian taxpayer.
Conservative MPs are being asked to select as a group which of three options they want: a plan where benefits accrue at 2 per cent a year, 2.5 per cent a year or 3 per cent a year. Each one would require heftier contributions from their annual take-home pay package.
On paper it looks as if recently elected MPs supply $1 in annual pension-plan contributions for every $5 to $6 anted up by the government.
William Robson, president of the C.D. Howe Institute, said the accounting of members of Parliament pension plans is misleading and confusing. "The setup is so opaque that most MPs themselves don't realize how generous it is."
Sources say, in fact, MP contributions only amount to 14 per cent of the pension benefit that's accruing each year.
Story continues below advertisement
The latest report for the MPs pension plan, for the year ended March 31, 2011, suggests there's a balance in the fund that amounts to $870-million but this is a notional figure because the government has not set aside any funds for it. Obligations each year are merely paid out of general revenue.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leo Varadkar has said refugees who refuse to accept Irish culture after moving here should not be welcome.
The minister, who is half-Indian, stressed they do support migrants coming to Ireland, but admitted there are “enormous” cultural differences.
The Fine Gael TD was speaking after a series of horrific sexual assaults and rapes on women in the Germany city of Cologne on New Year's Eve.
They described the attacks as “shocking and terrifying”.
Minister Varadkar said yesterday: “I don't think it's something we can turn a blind eye to or pretend it doesn't exist. It's also something that needs to be controlled. We need to accept and understand cultures are different.
“People will come to Ireland to work but will actually look down on our culture and look down on our freedoms and liberalisms and think they're wrong.
“That's why we need to make sure people who come to Ireland actually accept our culture and are properly integrated to it and people who can't accept our culture and our standards and our freedoms well then they shouldn't be welcome here.
(Image: Getty)
“I'm somebody who thinks immigration is beneficial. I'm in charge of a health service that is heavily influenced and dependent on migrants, doctors and nurses form overseas. So I'm somebody who believes it is good for our economy and society.”
The Government has pledged to take in 4,000 refugees fleeing conflict in war-torn Syria.
It's understood the first group arrived last month.
More than 100 women were allegedly sexually assaulted on New Year's Eve in Cologne as huge gangs of men roamed a square outside the city's iconic cathedral and main railway station.
Descriptions of attackers being of “Arab or North African origin” and speaking foreign languages fuelled speculation they were among more than a million asylum seekers who arrived in Germany recently.
Speaking to Shane Coleman on Newstalk, Mr Varadkar added: “It's frightening to think in a European city our sisters and friends could be subjected to what seems like a co-ordinated set of sexual assaults.
“To see what happened there is chilling."
What do you think? Have your say in the comments below
McDonald's wants to wash the taste of Taco Bell out of your mouth with free McMuffins. Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
This post originally appeared on Business Insider.
Some McDonald's restaurants are allowing customers to exchange Taco Bell breakfast receipts for a free Egg McMuffin.
The promotion, which appears to be limited to McDonald's locations in Northeast Pennsylvania, is a sign that the burger chain is worried about its breakfast competition, according to Janney Capital Markets analyst Mark Kalinowski.
“Clearly, at least some McDonald's folks are concerned about the potential competition at breakfast that Taco Bell could provide over time—and maybe is providing right now,” Kalinowski wrote in a research note.
Taco Bell has been ramping up its attacks against McDonald's since launching its first breakfast menu last year. In its latest ad campaign, Taco Bell compares McDonald's with a communist dictatorship where everyone is forced to eat Egg McMuffins.
McDonald's has long been the leader in fast food breakfast. The chain commanded a 19 percent share of the morning market in 2013, according to Nielsen Co. data cited by Reuters. The next closest rivals, Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts, each had a 7 percent market share that year, by comparison.
But McDonald's sales are sliding, so it has to play offense. The company is rolling out a more upscale menu, making its burgers customizable, and removing hard-to-pronounce ingredients from its chicken. It has also slimmed down its menu to help speed up customer service.
And while Taco Bell has throwing direct punches at McDonald's in its advertising, McDonald's has taken a different approach with light-hearted ads touting “lovin' ” over “hatin'.”
As part of a recent promotion, for example, McDonald's started accepting selfies, hugs, and other forms of so-called “lovin' ” as payment.
See also: Why Chipotle Doesn't Serve Breakfast Burritos
STEM
Remote acoustic monitoring among endangered whales is the subject of a major article by two doctoral students in The College of Arts and Sciences.
Leanna Matthews and Jessica McCordic, members of the Parks Lab in the Department of Biology, have co-authored “Remote Acoustic Monitoring of North Atlantic Right Whales Reveals Seasonal and Diel Variations in Acoustic Behavior.” The article appears in the current issue of PLOS ONE, an inclusive, peer-reviewed, open-access resource from the Public Library of Science in San Francisco.
Susan Parks, assistant professor of biology for whom the lab is named, says the article confirms what many conservationists fear—that Roseway Basin, a heavily traveled shipping lane, off the coast of Nova Scotia, is a vital habitat area for the endangered North Atlantic right whale.
“Remote acoustic monitoring is an important tool for understanding patterns in animal communication, and studies on the seasonality of context-specific acoustic signals allow inferences to be made about the behavior and habitat use of certain species,” says Parks, an expert in behavioral ecology, acoustic communication and marine science. “Our results support the hypothesis that the North Atlantic right whale's breeding season occurs mostly from August to November and that this basin is a widely used habitat area.”
More than 30 percent of all right whales use Roseway Basin, part of a larger geological formation called the Scotian Shelf, throughout the year. With only 400-500 in existence, these whales, says Parks, must congregate in the basin to feed and find mates.
Already, the U.S. and Canadian governments have taken steps to redirect shipping traffic, in response to several fatal collisions with right whales.
Matthews, whose research includes animal behavior and physiology, says the object of the article is to determine how and when Roseway Basin is used for male breeding activities.
“Part of the answer lies in a loud ‘gunshot' sound, made by the male whale,” says Matthews, the article's lead author. “We're not exactly sure what the gunshot is, but we think it may be a male-to-male antagonistic signal or an advertisement to females. … During a two-year period, we used non-invasive acoustic monitoring to analyze gunshots at two locations on the Scotian Shelf. The resultant data has provided tremendous insights into the whales' feeding and mating habits.”
Matthews and their team found that gunshot sound production occurred mainly in the autumn and, more often than not, at night. Researchers say this kind of information is essential to not only the individual fitness of each whale, but also the survival of the species, in general.
McCordic, whose research spans animal behavior and communication, says the observed seasonal increase in gunshot sound production is consistent with the current understanding of the right whale breeding season.
“Our results demonstrate that detection of gunshots with remote acoustic monitoring can be a reliable way to track shifts in distribution and changes in acoustic behavior, including possible mating activities,” they say, acknowledging David Mellinger, associate professor of marine bioacoustics at Oregon State University, who collected and provided access to the recordings used in the study. “It also provides a better understanding of right whale behavior and what needs to be done with future conservation efforts.”
Parks, who assisted with the article, is proud of their students' accomplishments.
“Right whales are increasingly rare, and Leanna's and Jessica's research helps us understand how to better protect them,” they say. “By identifying potential breeding areas, we might be able to save this critically endangered species.”
SALT LAKE CITY — A judge has ordered that a Manti man be detained to face federal charges after prosecutors say they briefly armed themselves as Ammon Bundy's bodyguard during the occupation of a wildlife reserve in Oregon last month.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Dustin Pead said Tuesday that they were concerned about several element's of 32-year-old Wesley Kjar's participation in the group as it literally and symbolically took a stand against the federal government at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, augmented by the apparent religious undertones motivating their actions.
"He's got a firearm. He's there in tactical gear, including a tactical vest," the judge noted, reviewing a news photo of Kjar with Bundy at the refuge protesting alleged federal overreach into Western rangelands. "He was willing to fight on Mr. Bundy's behalf, and there is concern in the court's mind on that fact."
Pead said they were also concerned about the details of Kjar's arrest. They were arrested in Salt Lake last week driving a trailer carrying rifles, loaded magazines, "hundreds of rounds of ammunition," boots and camouflage clothing.
Kjar's attorney said Tuesday that the guns, ammo and gear were not bound for Oregon, but that Kjar was dropping them off at their Salt Lake residence before loaning the trailer to a friend who was moving.
Ultimately, the judge agreed with prosecutors that Kjar, who quit their job before joining the militants and seems to have only fluid residency in Utah, posed a potential flight risk. They ordered the Manti man to remain in custody and be transferred to Oregon, where is facing a federal charge of conspiracy to impede an officer of the United States from discharging their official duties through the use of force, intimidation or threats.
While their attorney argued that Kjar's involvement in the occupation that began Jan. 2 was brief and that their views quickly evolved to become "a voice of reason" against some of the troubling viewpoints they encountered there, federal prosecutors said the Manti man was committed to the cause, arming themselves and vowing to protect the occupation's leadership with their life.
Federal prosecutor Alicia Cook pointed to an article by Reuters reporters who embedded with the Oregon occupiers at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, presenting photos of Kjar, armed and in a tactical vest, alongside resistance leader Ammon Bundy in the office of a federal employee as Kjar and another man raised their weapons toward a closed door when the doorknob rattled.
"At the refuge, they had at least one role, and that was as the self-proclaimed bodyguard of Ammon Bundy," Cook said, noting that Kjar told the reporter they had just met Bundy and was willing to stand between them and a bullet.
Showing the judge the photo of the scene, Cook emphasized, "There was a federal employee who was unable to go to work that day because there were men with guns in their office."
Kjar's involvement with the movement didn't end when they left Oregon five days after that photo was taken, Cook said. When Kjar returned to Utah, they and three others went to the headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints seeking an audience with the First Presidency about the church's statements distancing itself from the occupiers.
Kjar identified themselves that day as "Ammon Bundy's right-hand man," who was ready to represent Bundy in the meeting and carry messages back to him, according to Cook.
Related
Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy to stay behind bars in Oregon Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy must stay behind bars, a federal judge ruled Tuesday, calling them a danger to the community after they arrived in Oregon to support the armed occupation of a national wildlife preserve led by their sons.
Kjar's attorney, Spencer Rice, argued that Kjar's motivation that day was to obtain a personal message from church leaders to convince the Bundys to cease the occupation.
After just a few days in Oregon, "(Kjar) realized that something needed to be done or this was going to end badly," Rice said. "He believed a personal message from LDS Church leadership could de-escalate and end this conflict."
Kjar continued their campaign to defuse tensions and fiery rhetoric at the funeral in Kanab honoring LaVoy Finicum, the Arizona rancher who was shot and killed by federal agents toward the end of the Oregon occupation, according to Rice. Following the funeral, Kjar attended a meeting where some advocated for returning to Oregon to end the standoff "in an old-west way."
"Mr. Kjar was not silent," Rice said, explaining that their client had spoken out against violence or retaliation. "He has now become a voice of reason against the way things were handled up there."
Many occupiers fled the refuge after the FBI operation that left Finicum dead and other members of the group in custody. The last holdouts surrendered to authorities on Thursday.
Following the judge's decision, attorney Todd Macfarlane, who represents the Finicum family and attended Kjar's hearing as a possible witness in the case, described their personal trip to Oregon to try to convince Finicum to return home.
"We weren't successful in doing that with LaVoy Finicum and most others, but the bottom line is we were successful in doing that with Wes Kjar," Macfarlane said. "Wes Kjar actually made the choice to leave the refuge with me. … They changed course at that point in time."
Macfarlane knew Kjar's family but hadn't met the man before the trip to Oregon, they said. They said they saw the same positive traits in Kjar that they imagine the Bundys recognized.
"He was a good, dependable, hard-working farm boy," Macfarlane said. "He'd been a responsible citizen their whole life; he'd been a state champion wrestler. He's just a good guy. He's the kind of person anyone would want to have as a friend because he's the kind of guy who stands up for other people."
Gradually, imperceptibly, beneath your very fingers on the keyboard, the internet is becoming something different. Many users may never even notice the change, especially since it's not intended to effect what you see so much as what goes on beneath the surface that lets you see it. Since 1997, the internet has hummed along on the fourth iteration of HTML, or HyperText Markup Language, the markup language that tells your browser how to display the contents of a webpage.
Now HTML 4 (properly written with a space, apparently) is on the way out, and HTML5 (no space; see how advancing technology changes everything?) could be just a few months away from being given full clearance by the World Wide Web Consortium, the primary international standards organization for the internet. HTML5 has been on the fast track, so to speak, since 2012, when the consortium, more commonly known as W3C, advanced it to Candidate Recommentdation status and announced a plan to complete further testing and approval processes by the end of 2014. On June 17, W3C official Philippe Le Hégaret reaffirmed those intentions in an informal blog post and said that HTML5 has performed well across 97,000 tests, with just 3.3 percent of tests revealing failures.
HTML5 is now in the Last Call phase of Candidate Recommendation, with W3C officials accepting comments until July 15 about changes implemented during Candidate Recommendation. The group plans to address those concerns by early fall, which will advance HTML5 to Proposed Recommendation, that final status before full W3C Recommendation. Once that status has been achieved, W3C will pull a Microsoft and turn immediately to addressing bugs in the new release: Under the same resolution that is pushing HTML5 across the finish line, HTML 5.1 is planned to achieve full W3C Recommendation by the end of 2016.
Martian Forests
Every year, Mars City Design hosts a competition in which innovative teams of scientists, engineers, and students design unique concept-cities for the day when humans attempt to live on Mars. This year, a team of nine MIT students led by MIT postdoc Valentina Sumini and Assistant Professor Caitlin Mueller took first place in the architecture portion of the contest with their unique tree-inspired Mars city concept, titled Redwood Forest.
Redwood Forest is a soothing space that can provide up to 10,000 weary human travelers with equal amounts of comfort and safety from the elements. While at first glance the domes themselves don't appear capable of housing such large numbers of people or providing them with adequate facilities, just like a tree, these domes aren't limited to what you see above ground.
Below the surface of the Red Planet, each dome in MIT's Mars city concept branches out into “roots.” These intricate tunnel systems connect the domes and provide additional protection from surface threats. This design was chosen for both functional and symbolic reasons.
“On Mars, our city will physically and functionally mimic a forest, using local Martian resources such as ice and water, regolith or soil, and Sun to support life,” Sumini told MIT News. “Designing a forest also symbolizes the potential for outward growth as nature spreads across the Martian landscape. Each tree habitat incorporates a branching structural system and an inflated membrane enclosure, anchored by tunneling roots.”
I counted Shea McClellin on the field for 33 of the 38 first half defensive snaps on Thursday and I think their role is going to be a lot larger than we previously thought.
The New England Patriots signed McClellin to a 3-year deal this offseason and I thought their role was pretty obvious; he's a versatile player like 2014's Akeem Ayers, who can line up at any linebacker and edge defender role. I expected them to be a back-up for every starter in 2016, and to serve as insurance as both linebacker starters and edge defender starters would be free agents after the season.
Their role is a lot more involved, and I wonder if this is what the coaching staff previously had in store for Rob Ninkovich.
When the first team defense was on the field, McClellin played everywhere. They were a stand-up linebacker. They were playing on the edge of a 5-man defensive line (more on that in a bit). They played defensive end on a 4-man front. When the Patriots sat Jabaal Sheard halfway through the first half, McClellin assumed their role as the defensive end, only moving outside when Trey Flowers took the field as a pass rusher.
They stuffed the run, they rushed the quarterback, they covered running backs and tight ends, and they dropped into zone coverage in the flat. He's going to be a fun player to watch.
The Patriots liked to line them across from the opposing team's tight end on the strong side, with Jamie Collins taking the weak side. What's interesting is that their presence meant the Patriots generally fielded four defensive backs, instead of the five they used so frequently in 2015. Is this a long term change in the scheme? Or is this just a temporary preseason moment to match up against the Saints vanilla personnel? We'll find out over the next few weeks.
By far the most common usage of McClellin in the first team defense was as a cover for the tight end in a 5-2 front.
McClellin's role was multiple out of the snap. They served as a chip against the tight end, should they go into coverage, and they were in position to hold the edge if the run was in their direction. McClellin adopted this role on 17 of the 20 first team snaps with McClellin. Collins actually played a mirroring edge position on four of the snaps, to create a 6-man front. The Patriots would drop their safeties into the box in order to serve as linebackers.
The Patriots were able to control the line of scrimmage with this personnel, with the Saints top two backs of Mark Ingram and Tim Hightower combining for 20 yards on 11 carries.
McClellin was also a contributor in pass coverage as they dropped into coverage of tight ends and running backs in the flat. (Below, McClellin is on the near side #58)
The Patriots used McClellin as a rusher, at times, and they were effective at collapsing the pocket when playing with the second team defense. It seems as if the second quarter was primarily so McClellin could get their feet wet as a pass rusher.
Overall, McClellin's versatility rivals, and might even surpass, that of Rob Ninkovich. Ninkovich has been a solid edge defender over their career, but they have clearly declined in recent seasons. McClellin brings athleticism and youth to the role and it seems like Bill Belichick has created a new defense just for him.
And to that point, I don't think we've seen this before at such a consistent level. Ninkovich allowed defensive flexibility in the past, but the Patriots never seemed to capitalize on this. The Patriots used Hightower in a similar capacity on a few snaps last year, but the quality of linebacker play with Jonathan Freeny on the field made it a vulnerability.
Now McClellin is a perfect fit for what Belichick has cooked up, and it allows Hightower and Collins to stay at their dominant linebacker positions. McClellin will definitely be a point of focus during film evaluation moving forward.
A Laval kindergarten student was excluded from a class contest because their parents wrapped their lunch in a Ziploc bag, contravening the school's environmental policy. In an interview with the National Post, Marc-André Lanciault said that when they confronted their son Félix's teacher about the incident they were told, “You know Mr. Lanciault, it's not very good for the environment . . . We have to take care of our planet and the bags do not decompose well.” Lanciault objects that their son was prohibited from taking part in a class draw to win a stuffed animal because of a decision they and their wife made. “[S]urely there's a better way than to penalize kids. The goal wasn't achieved anyway. At the end of the day my son doesn't know why they shouldn't use a Ziploc bag,” they said. The Laval school board did not respond to interview requests from the Post.
• Lupo Wolfie's presence for stages 19 and 20 would be ‘pure provocation' • Farmers have suffered number of attacks on livestock in recent months
The Giro d'Italia's fluffy wolf mascot will be banned from appearing when the race enters France next week after protests from a farmers' group who complained their presence would be “pure provocation”.
Lupo Wolfie, who became the Giro's mascot last year, was due to accompany the race when it enters the Hautes-Alpes department in south-eastern France for stages 19 and 20 next week.
André Greipel powers to third stage win of Giro d'Italia as Jungels keeps lead Read more
However, their proposed presence has provoked outrage among Jeunes Agriculteurs 05 – a union that defends the interests of local farmers under the age of 35 – because they say it is mocking the number of attacks they have suffered on their livestock in recent months.
“The display of such a mascot in the midst of our pastures, which is supported by most environmental groups, is pure provocation that is not humanly acceptable to the farmers,” said a statement form the group. “Farmers are tired of seeing the wolf only presented to public opinion as a nice soft toy.”
Their request has been agreed to by organisers, who decided to replace the previous mascot Girbecco – a mountain goat sporting the race's famous pink jersey – after a run of six years. Their predecessor was Ghiro, a giant rat who has been described as a wobbly-eyed cross between Don Corleone and Master Splinter.
Does one really have to fret
About enlightenment?
No matter what road I travel,
I'm going home.
– Shinsho
Most people don't realize what a wide variety of possibilities there are among meditative practices. Perhaps because of mass advertising, they've come to identify meditation with a specific practice, like sitting with your eyes closed to repeat mantra, as in the TM technique, or facing a blank wall to empty your mind, as in zazen. The choice of methods available to help you gain inner freedom is actually quite diverse. There are many, many methods and groups to choose from, besides the few well-known names.
People sometimes are turned off by meditation when they begin with a method that is too hard for them. It helps to use a method which uses your natural tendencies, and so reinforces a positive attitude. At the outset choose a method that harmonizes with what you are already good at, a method that interests you. Follow it until you feel a strengthened connection to a quietness of mind, to a meditative awareness, to God.
Look at your life and see what has really turned you on. Perhaps you are very athletic. To sit motionless for an hour would be to fight your body. Instead you might begin with karate or kung fu and then go on to Tai Chi or some other moving meditation. If you are more sedentary or scholarly you might start by reading Krishnamurti or Buddhist doctrine and practicing Vipassana meditation. An emotional person might find these practices too dry and be drawn instead to Sufi dancing or to singing or chanting. These are also forms of meditation.
As your meditation develops, you may find yourself drawn back to the methods you avoided when you began. You may get frustrated because the fire is not hot enough and you want to move faster than easier methods permit. So you work with one method after the next until all aspects – heart, mind, and body – are balanced. If you begin with one of them, sooner or later you will probably want to integrate the others as well. It makes no difference which technique you start with. Try to sense what you're ready for and what you need. Above all, be honest with yourself.
A useful tactic is to pick a method that feels right and do it for two weeks. During this trial run, agree with yourself, “I will treat all my negative reactions to this form of meditation as merely thought forms prompted by my ego to keep me from taking it seriously. I will suspend judgment, criticism, and doubt.” At the end of two weeks, you're free to evaluate the method. Or, give yourself three months or six months.
Plunge in. Eventually you have to stop trying to figure out where you are if you want to get somewhere else.
Imagine Lindbergh flying from New York to Paris with only their little periscope sticking out of the Spirit of St. Louis to guide him. They can calculate their position from the stars, but all they see is that there's a lot of ocean below. They don't really know whether he's miscalculated or not until they arrive. He's going on the faith that he's getting there and that it will all work out. That's what the spiritual journey is like. You need discipline to persist when the going gets rough or uncertain, faith to stick it out – to the end.
– Ram Dass
Photo by Niek Beck via Flickr. Used under the creative commons license.
Comments
comments
Overshadowed by their running mates, the vice-presidential nominees will try to improve poll numbers, not make any missteps, and show they are up to the job
One describes themselves as “boring”. The other admits they are a “B-list celebrity”. Tim Kaine and Mike Pence prepare to face off on Tuesday night in what could be one of the least consequential vice-presidential debates ever staged.
Mike Pence v Tim Kaine: what to know about the vice-presidential candidates Read more
Rarely have two running mates been so overshadowed by the candidates at the top of the ticket. Kaine and Pence will do their best to improve Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump's historically low popularity, not make any distracting missteps, and show they are up to the job of being a heartbeat away from the presidency. Trump is 70, and Clinton turns 69 later this month.
“I'd actually forgotten it was happening until I got an email this morning,” admitted Lanhee Chen, a member of Mitt Romney's debate prep team in 2012. “This debate is going to be much more predictable [than last week's presidential clash]. I imagine Mike Pence will spend a lot of time on the Obama-Clinton record, and Kaine will spend a lot of time attacking Trump. They will be proxies for the wider issues of this election.”
Republican Pence, in particular, is under pressure to make an impact and change the narrative after a wretched week for Trump that began with what was widely seen as a thrashing by Clinton in the first debate and culminated with reports that they filed losses of $916m on their 1995 income tax returns, which could have allowed them to forgo paying taxes for nearly two decades.
Chen, a research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, added: “It can cement the trend in the race, which is dramatically moving against Trump, or it can stem the tide. If Pence does well, they can stop the bleeding and set up Trump for Sunday night. If Pence is mediocre or is seen to have lost, it will be a long few weeks for Trump.”
I'd actually forgotten it was happening until I got an email this morning Lanhee Chen, member of Romney debate team
Aaron Kall, director of debate at the University of Michigan, agreed. “After Clinton's strong performance and Trump's deflating performance, there is a lot of onus on Pence to right the ship,” they said. “I see a lot of parallels with 2012 when, after Barack Obama's poor performance against Mitt Romney, there was a lot of pressure on Joe Biden, and they performed strongly.”
Biden's rejection of Republican rival Paul Ryan's budget math as “a bunch of malarkey” helped revive the Democratic campaign, and Obama was re-energised for the next two presidential debates against Romney.
Kaine and Pence are likely to be at ease in the spotlight during the 90-minute VP clash at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia, moderated by Elaine Quijano of CBS News. Kaine, 58, is a former Harvard-taught trial lawyer who served as mayor, governor and now senator. Pence, 57, is a governor and former talk radio host, and they have in effect become Trump's apologiser-in-chief during the election campaign, trying to persuade disaffected Republicans to tolerate the nominee and return to the fold.
But both men are also defiantly low-key. During their first solo campaign appearance in late July, Pence said: “I recognise I'm kind of a B-list Republican celebrity, so thank you for coming out tonight.” Kaine has called themselves “boring”, although they have displayed a flair for the harmonica and speaking Spanish.
In a recent Associated Press-GfK poll, more than half of registered voters said they did not know enough about Kaine to offer an opinion about him, and about 44% said the same for Pence. Kall observed: “More than past VP debates, the attention in this will be at the top of the ticket. Kaine and Pence are just going to be conduits. I think they know that and will be prepared for that.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An official stands on stage during preparations for the vice-presidential debate at Longwood University. Photograph: Patrick Semansky/AP
Kall has just watched online video of gubernatorial debates from 2012: four involving Kaine in Virginia and three featuring Pence in Indiana. Their verdict: “Kaine came across as the more charismatic debater. Pence was solid and unflappable and never made a mistake, but their style left a little bit to be desired in terms of energising people and being watchable. Some of their gubernatorial performances in Indiana put you to sleep.
“Kaine has the perfect combination of substance and delivery. They come across as affable with a smile on their face but he's also like a pitbull attack dog armed with information. Their style suits televised debate better: he'll come across as more polished and with sunny optimism.”
George Ajjan, a Republican strategist, predicted that Kaine will seek to exploit differences betweenTrump and their running mate. “The question is whether Pence will be well-prepared enough to pivot the discussion back to policy, economics and the frustration of the everyman,” they said.
“If they succeed in distilling the nuggets of clarity from Trump's debate performance and explain them in their rational and calm way, they can come out the winner. But Kaine is no slouch and, in either case, the two presidential candidates are so larger-than-life that it's hard to see this as a make-or-break moment for anyone.”
Shaun Bowler, a professor of political science at the University of California, Riverside, said: “Part of Pence's job will be to shore up Trump's credentials with evangelical voters. Kaine's job will be to shore up Clinton's appeal to Latino voters. Both are experienced politicians and so – famous last words – there may not be many fireworks.
“It is likely to be a more measured debate – even as they act as surrogates for their principals. But whatever they do there can only be a limited effect from these debates. There just can't be many people left who do not have definite opinions on either of the presidential candidates, which means there just isn't that much room for an effect.”
In Kaine's mock debate rehearsals, the role of Pence is being played by Robert Barnett, a Washington lawyer. Pence, meanwhile, has held sessions with Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker as a stand-in, avoiding the criticism that Trump faced for trying to wing it. But Kall observed: “In the Republican primaries, Scott Walker came across as the most boring debater of all time.”
Both Pence, a Christian evangelical, and Kaine, a Catholic former missionary, are likely to emphasise their religious faith. Kaine has sometimes found it hard to square with their political positions on abortion and the death penalty.
The senator from Virginia has said they are “thinking hard” about what Pence's record says “about the guy who chose him, because it really is more about Donald Trump than it is about Governor Pence”.
Pence, for their part, “has been studying briefing books, and dossiers on their laptop”, the New York Times reported. “The Republican National Committee has also uploaded copious videos of Mr Kaine – everything from interviews to past debates – to an online file-sharing service for Mr Pence to view.”
Pence attended the first presidential debate in New York last week, whereas Kaine went to a watch party in Orlando, Florida. Predictably, both men claimed victory for their running mates. Kaine said Clinton's showing “raised the bar”, adding wryly: “That puts pressure on me.”
Before flying to Wisconsin for two days of preparations with Walker, Pence said similarly: “Donald Trump raised the bar for their running mate.”
Pence v Kaine: why you should watch the vice-presidential debate Read more
But even in a normal year, the VP debate has only limited impact. By far the best-remembered line from any of them is Democrat Lloyd Bentsen's 1988 putdown of Republican Dan Quayle: “You're no Jack Kennedy.” But Rich Galen, former press secretary to Quayle, who was in the room that night, recalled: “People thought that was the end of the world and guess what, Bush and Quayle won.
“Vice-presidential debates don't really matter much. It's important for people to see who an emergency president might be, but I've never seen anything on any scale to suggest a VP debate affects voting behaviour.”
An online survey by ABC News and Social Science Research Solutions found that 41% of respondents could not name the Republicans' vice-presidential nominee and 46% were unaware of the name of their Democratic counterpart.
CONCORD -- Police said Thursday that a 24-year-old dental assistant has been arrested and is facing charges for allegedly touching a young female patient and photographing them while they were sedated.
Alejandro Saro, 24, of Antioch, was being held in lieu of $8.1 million bail in the Martinez County jail in connection with the charges, police said.
Police launched their investigation on April 2 after a young girl being treated at La Clinica Moument, located at 2000 SIerra Road in Concord, told a relative the man had touched and photographed their vagina while they were in the clinic for a dental visit. The relative called police, which helped give police the break they needed to make the arrest.
"It came about because of the courage of a young 8-year-old girl who told a relative," Concord police Cpl. Christopher Blakely said. Saro "would bring these children, who were already scared to go to the dentist, into the dental office, into an exam room (and) sedate them.
"He would pull their pants down, touch them and video tape it," Blakely said. "It's very disturbing."
Investigators said Saro started working at the clinic in March, 2015 and was a dental assistant. They also worked at Patino Orthodontics and Western Dental, both in Concord, and Western Dental in Antioch.
Evidence suggests that there could be more victims who were touched inappropriately and video taped while under the influence of medical gas, according to the police statement. That evidence apparently includes a cell phone Saro had that contained several videos of the incidents.
"There are key pieces of evidence to suggest there is possibly multiple victims in this case," Blakely said. "And (that) it wasn't just the one victim that came forward."
According to report in the Contra Costa Times, Saro was arraigned Thursday morning in Contra Costa Superior Court, but they did not enter a plea. Their arraignment was scheduled for later this month, the paper reported.
A spokesperson for the health center, which provides medical and dental services to low-income residents, told the newspaper that the clinic is cooperating with police but declined further comment, citing privacy concerns.
La Clinica Monument Issued a statement saying it is cooperating with authorities.
The clinic asked patients with concerns to contact them. A spokesperson said the 8-year-old girl was not sedated, and that it is legal for a dental technician to be alone in an exam room with a minor.
"For the privacy of our patients and all concerned, we cannot comment further," says Arine Terlet, the clinic's dental director.
Anyone with information about the case was asked to call police at 925-603-5836.
KTVU reporter Tom Vacar contributed to this report.
Stopping by Ellen DeGeneres' daytime talk show, the former presidential candidate and the host talked about how they joked before the 2016 election about doing an interview at the White House.
Stopping by The Ellen DeGeneres Show on Friday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recapped what she'd been up to since their last, pre-2016-election appearance on the show and shared their concerns about the GOP tax bill.
“It seems like the last time I saw you, you said we were gonna do this show in the White House and we were all excited about that,” DeGeneres was quick to mention to the former presidential candidate. “We would've too,” Clinton agreed, before adding, “Well, it didn't work out that way. So, I thought I'd come back and see how you were doing.”
When DeGeneres jokingly responded, “Not so good,” Clinton explained how she's working to keep a “positive frame of mind.” “I always say, when people ask me ‘How are you,' I say, ‘Well as a person, I'm okay, but as an American, I'm really concerned.'”
Although Clinton said they are on a “news diet” and avoids watching it in excess, they felt compelled to share their concerns about the GOP's tax plan.
“When they push through this tax plan, it's gonna hurt so many people. It's gonna help a lot of really rich people. That's who they care about. That's who their donors are, but it's gonna hurt,” Clinton candidly explained. “I mean, can you imagine taking away the deduction for teachers who buy supplies for their classrooms? I mean, who thinks like that? There's a lot that's going to end up hurting people. And then obviously flaming the flames of white supremacy and misogyny, homophobia and everything else that is unfortunately at work.”
Clinton also reflected on how they now have a greater sense of the issues that contributed to their election loss.
“It was a perfect storm,” Clinton explained of the election. “I mean, there were a lot of currents of resentment and anger about all kinds of things. In the country, there was a lot of sexism, misogyny, which now thankfully we're kinda pulling out of the dark and talking about. ... The Russians were much more involved than even I understood.”
Despite the circumstances, Clinton revealed that finds they peace in being able to do things they enjoy, like spending time with family and friends. To celebrate the upcoming holidays, DeGeneres took a moment to attempt to give Clinton's signature outfit a festive upgrade.
“It's the holiday season. You like a pantsuit. Ugly sweaters are very popular. I don't know if you know that,” DeGeneres told Clinton, proceeding to gift them with a Christmas decorative pantsuit that Clinton dubbed as “perfect.”
J-League forward Yuzo Tashiro became the latest player added to the Revolution's list of non-rostered camp invites, which was updated on Wednesday.
Tashiro, 32, recently played for Vissel Kobe, where they scored one goal in 13 games for the side in 2014. During their 12-year career, the J-League veteran has also played for Oita Trinita (2003), Sagan Tosu (2004), Kashima Antlers (2005-11) and Montedio Yamagata (2010 – loan).
The Japanese forward's most successful spell came in 2010, while on loan with Montedio Yamagata, where they scored 10 goals in 29 games. After they season, they were returned to Antlers, and not long after, Yamagata was relegated back to J-League Division 2.
The addition of Tashiro puts the total number of camp invites to eight, with 21 players on the active roster. The Revolution currently have 26 players presently in camp, with Lee Nguyen (U.S.), Jermaine Jones (U.S.) and Diego Fagundez (Uruguay U-20s) all on international duty.
New England will play its first preseason scrimmage at 9:00am on Saturday against Real Salt Lake at Grande Sports Complex in Case Grande, Ariz.
As we pointed out last week, nobody cares about either Greece or the PIIGs any more. The focus among the smartest money out there, in the face of CDS traders, for the third week running, is on the core of Europe, and specifically on the UK. Last week the net notional derisking in UK was a massive $1,063 million in 280 traded contracts, which according to our files is the single biggest one week derisking amount on record. all the Greek "speculators" are now focusing their attention squarely on the UK... and France, which came in second with $384 million in derisking. Incidentally, these two represented the greatest amount of of derisking in all top 1000 CDS reference names (third altogether was not surprisingly Goldman Sachs with $256 million). The bet is now squarely on that the PIIGS contagion will move to the UK, and that France will also not be spared. We wish Mr. Cameron all the best as they attempt to push the $50 billion austerity measure through. We have a feeling their popularity rating in under a year will be even lower than that of president Obama. And if it isn't it will be because the cable and the dollar will be at parity. After all, we are all money devaluing comrades now.
Top 10 sovereign deriskers:
Top 10 sovereign reriskers:
Total sovereign weekly activity:
Source: dtcc.org
FIRST STEPS: Norton Harrison, Liam Murphy and Samuel Hosking, of the Y men, a group of young men who underwent an intensive course to train them teach early childhood groups, seen here with kids from Owhiro Bay Kindergarten.
While most young men would run a mile from early starts and crying kids, a group of self-styled superheroes from Wainuiomata enjoy being in the minority.
Known as the Y-men, the group of eight from Lower Hutt are the first graduates of a pilot programme, funded by the Government, to encourage more male kindergarten teachers.
New Zealand has a chronic shortage of male early childhood education teachers, who make up only 1.7 per cent of the country's teachers.
Alongside the Social Development Ministry, the Wellington Kindergarten Association set up the six-month programme to get unemployed young men working next to qualified teachers at kindergartens, while receiving training and career guidance.
Association general manager Amanda Coulston said the Y-men had acted as role models and encouraged different ways of working.
"Young men bring a different energy to some of us old girls," they said. "So many of these children, if they don't see men in early childhood, they won't see them until secondary school in a teaching role.
"It was a matter of how we could start a programme where young men are involved in the kindergarten in a way that benefits the children."
Graduate from Liam Murphy, 21, said that, while their mates gave them stick to start with about being weirdos, they and friends Norton Harrison, 23, and Samuel Hosking, 22, did not see any harm in giving it a try.
"We thought, `Oh yeah, sweet as, we'll give it a go,' and the first two weeks we were like, `Oh, all these kids!' And there was so much stuff to do, our morning wake-ups went from noon to 6.30 ... we were a little bit nervous, seeing if we would be able to cope.
"Then a few weeks into it we just started loving it. And driving home, instead of talking about our normal stuff, we'd be talking about what kids made us laugh today and that."
Mr Harrison, who was placed at Owhiro Bay Kindergarten, said the job was rewarding. "At the end of the day you think of the things you've achieved, like teaching a kid how to write their name ... make them stop crying. Every day is different."
Six of the participants were going on to teachers' college, and two pursuing other studies.
The association plans to work with the ministry to expand the Y-men programme this year.
Weeping Arizona inmate put to death after they apologize and says they love their family... but their final words are 'potato, potato, potato'
Robert Towery, 47, strangled Mark Jones in 1991
Second Arizona inmate to die in eight days
Last meal included steak, baked potato with sour cream, clam chowder, Pepsi and apple pie a la mode
An Arizona killer wept and apologised to their victim's family as they were put to death by lethal injection on Thursday for a violent murder and robbery.
Yet while Robert Charles Towery, 47, tried to have an emotional farewell, their last words were 'potato potato, potato', muttered as they fell asleep.
Towery, the second Arizona inmate to die in eight days, was found guilty of strangling Mark Jones after robbing their Phoenix home in 1991.
Killed: Robert Charles Towery has been put to death by lethal injection for the 1991 murder and robbery of Mark Jones. They apologised and wept before they died
Before they died, Towery broke down in tears, apologised to Jones's family and their own family, and said their life had been one mistake after another.
'I would like to apologize to Mark's family and friends for what I did to them. I would like to apologize to my family,' Towery said.
'So many times in my life I went left when I should have gone right and I went right when I should have gone left. It was mistaken after mistake.'
According to the Arizona Republic, they looked at their family and began crying, before adding: 'I love my family. Potato, potato, potato.'
Chamber: Towery, 47, was executed in Arizona State Prison, pictured, despite numerous pleas from their attorneys to change their sentence to life in prison
They took a few heavy breaths and began sleeping. The execution took nine minutes and Towery was declared dead at 11.26 a.m.
Potatoes may have been on their mind after their last meal before their execution included a baked potato with sour cream.
FAMOUS LAST WORDS
Mark Stroman (2011): ‘Let's do this damn thing' Stroman was executed in Texas after they went on a shooting spree following the 9/11 attacks, killing three people they thought were Muslims. Thomas J. Grasso (1995): ‘I did not get my Spaghetti-O's, I got spaghetti. I want the press to know this' Grasso was executed in Oklahoma for a double murder. Their last meal included a can of Franco-American Spaghetti-O's. John Wayne Gacy (1994): ‘Kiss my ass! You'll never find the rest'
The ‘Killer Clown' was convicted of the rapes and murders of 33 men between 1972 and 1978. George Appel (1928): ‘Well, gentlemen… you are about to see a baked Appel' Moments before their execution, they also said, ‘Damn, no power outage.' They were executed via electric chair for robbery and the murder of a New York City police officer. Edward H. Rulloff (1870): ‘I'd like to be in hell in time for dinner' Known as the ‘Man of Two Lives' for their paradoxical lives of respected educator and swindler, they were hanged for the murder of their wife and daughter.
They also ate porterhouse steak, asparagus, mushrooms, clam chowder, milk, Pepsi and apple pie a la mode.
Their attorneys had made several unsuccessful arguments to spare their life - including a request at the 11th hour to reduce the sentence to 25 years as their accomplice had served only 10 years behind bars.
Randy Allen Barker was given a plea deal for testifying against Towery and was released from jail in 2001.
Yet Towery's lawyers had argued that Barker, holding a gun, had watched the prolonged killing and 'exhibited extreme indifference to human life'.
'He could have stopped Mr. Towery,' the file read. 'Mr. Towery was unarmed, and had neither physically assaulted nor threatened Mr. Barker.'
But the court did not believe the sentencing was disproportionate and turned down their request less than two hours after receiving the filing.
In other attempts, their attorneys said the court did not consider mitigating factors, such as an abusive childhood at the hands of their mother and drug abuse.
Last week, Towery themselves pleaded with the clemency board to change the sentence to life in prison instead, while apologising to Jones's family.
'I have the deepest regrets for what I did and I'm truly sorry for their loss, for what I did to them," they said.
'It's a terrible thing that I did and it should never have happened. I can only pray that they will find peace and that someday they'll be able to forgive me.'
Then: With an accomplice, Towery (left and right) went to the home of Jones, an acquaintance. The men robbed their home and car and Towery strangled them
Scene: The murder took place in the affluent Paradise Valley, Arizona
Towery and Barker had discussed robbing Jones as Towery - who had borrowed money from Jones in the past - knew they had money.
During Barker's trial, they said they went to Jones's home claiming their car had broken down and they needed to use their phone.
Dead: Robert Henry Moormann, who killed their mother, was put to death in Arizona eight days before
Towery then pulled a gun out while Barker handcuffed them , before the duo loaded Jones' car with electronics, jewelery, credit cards and cash.
They marched them to their bedroom at gunpoint where Towery attempted to inject the victim's arm with battery acid.
When that did not work, they strangled them with plastic ties, making two separate nooses.
Jones' body was found the next day. The men were caught when a security guard said they had seen them dump the vehicle at an apartment complex.
Their death comes eight days after Robert Henry Moormann was executed for killing and dismembering their adoptive mother as they slept in 1984.
Moormann was the first Arizona inmate to be executed with one lethal drug, as opposed to the state's long-standing, three-drug protocol.
The switch was made after it was realised on Monday that one of the drugs had expired. Towery was killed with the same drug.
This week we learned two surprising developments with FC Dallas - the Hall of Fame construction has received a significant reduced redesign, and the number of Hunts in control of the club has also fallen off.
First the construction: Wednesday a story from Valerie Wigglesworth who'd attended a Frisco City Council work session broke the story on the changes. On the agenda was the the following item: "Presentation and discussion regarding proposed scope changes to the Soccer Complex capital improvements and any actions necessary to accomplish proposed changes."
Turns out it was a big deal, and a surprise. While the general public and media were unaware for the last six weeks the Hunts have been in a "Plan B" mode, in retrospect we all kinda knew something was going on. Here we are more than halfway through the MLS season and other than giant blue tarps and that new wooden wall, it has appeared that nothing ever got rolling in terms of demolition or construction on the south end. So, anyone concerned about the lack of activity should at least should feel better that something, even if it was a redesign, was going on.
And while the addition of the US Soccer Hall of Fame remains the answer to a question that was never asked, in a phone interview with Hunt, the club's President was adamant the changes are a, "more efficient and better design for everyone involved".
A face lift of Toyota Stadium, now over 10 years old is needed. Its age can be seen throughout the facility where the bolts holding the seats in place have rusted and stained the concrete. The sun has faded much of anything painted red into more of a pink and washed out the oversized banners meant to celebrate club heroes and its one Championship. Before some kick offs a maintenance worker can be seen using a can of bug spray under the seats of some season ticket holders. A little fresher upper certainly would do the joint some good.
Toyota Stadium is getting that, just not in the same way as presented earlier this year. Yes, cost of materials have skyrocketed, but that is not new. The building boom of North Texas didn't just happen in the last six weeks. Hunt points out they've "done tons of construction projects" and budget overruns are not unusual and they remind us the original Pizza Hut Park project was "way over budget". So the focus on missing those original construction estimates to a point where now the original design was going to come in at a $16 million hit to the Hunt pocket isn't where they want fans to focus because they know even this new setup very well may come in over budget too.
Hunt is clear what is driving the changes are based on their concerns over the original design. Those changes include removing the entire 2nd floor and moving the US Soccer Hall of Fame down to the ground level. This was to address, Hunt explains, the growing fan feedback the original location was "too exclusive". The point to the Hall of Fame is to operate as a museum and having it on a 2nd floor location could provide some deterrents to attending, whereas being on the ground level makes for easier access to everyone. "There's no hiding behind there was some giant price increases and we needed to look at some efficiencies, but we also had to take feedback from our fans too. We're running this as a museum the rest of the time we don't have events at the stadium. I have to run this as a sustainable model. Obviously it was not a sustainable model in Oneonta, NY and that's why they shut their doors in 2010. Having it at grade (on the ground floor) will allow a lot more people to see it and to be used a lot more frequently."
It should be noted, even on the ground level entry into the Hall of Fame will still be restricted to ticket holders with seats in those sections or the possibility of those seated in other sections purchasing an "add-on" to allow for entry during games. Point being, moving the museum down a floor hasn't suddenly given it an "all-access" status.
Hunt insists the new, more streamlined design will make everything "more accessible and friendly". Seats in the section are now "down and closer" to the field and all of the new amenities in the original design are still in place. Locker rooms, media space, AV and data upgrades and more remain. The much discussed awning, providing shade and cover, also got a reduction but due to "a much better angle to provide cover" it is now lower and is "a dramatic improvement". Everything above ground gets a new shape and look. A redesign of the face of the building pointed towards Main Street, including the large crest shaped tower that previously featured the club's logo at the top. The new face is mostly glass and with the center still featuring some sort of different elevation.
As for the other surprise; there now are fewer Hunts involved in FC Dallas. During Hunt's comments to the council they offered, with a qualifier of "...it's not widely known and we don't talk about it very much" they and their brother, Clark, had recently assumed all "responsibility for the club". Hunt Sports Group is made of the children from two different Lamar Hunt marriages. Dan informed the council the other siblings no longer wanted to bare the "ongoing operational costs" of FC Dallas or Toyota Stadium. Dan offered they and Clark now both have committed an, "additional $45 million over the next nine years" into the club operations and the Hunt family in total have invested, "almost $120 million in 20 years".
Why the others removed themselves and if the other siblings retained any sort of voting rights or say in the club, Hunt's explained, "other interests" and "how complexed our family businesses are structured", but ultimately, "Clark and I carry on the operations and they fall on the two of us". The manner in which this has been revealed is just a bit odd. Is it being downplayed because it really isn't a big deal, or was there a seismic family shift indicating something larger was happening? Doubtful we'll ever know, though it does raise questions.
Does this news change how FC Dallas will operate as a business? By subtracting siblings not named Dan or Clark, does that mean we're about to see a new, more opened wallet FC Dallas? Unlikely, the Hunt brothers still operate on the premise this is a business and that previously used term "sustainable model".
Does removing siblings also remove available dollars? Was the $16 million over run more than Dan and Clark wanted to spend themselves? If Dan and Clark are now having to fund projects, purchases and the capital to run day to day operations, does that mean what already runs as a famously lean-n-mean ship gets leaner or begins to expand because there are fewer votes needed for approval? Like everything about Major League Soccer the profit and loss numbers are a big mystery and no one outside of the owners themselves can really tell you how much money clubs are making or losing. It doesn't take a business major to recognize the Hunts run FC Dallas as a proper business, with a bottom line and make every effort to reign in expenses - both on and off the field.
Back to the construction: Hunt suggests new drawings will be made public, "in three or four weeks, at the latest" and "major dirt will begin flying in the next couple of weeks". They still expect everything to be completed and open for the start of the 2018 season and maybe by then we'll better understand the impact of the family changes.
It's a wonderfully crazy and colorful collection of "chase" comedy, so crowded with plot and people that it almost splits the seams of its huge Cinerama packing and its 3-hour-and-12-minute length. It's mad, as it says, with its profusion of so many stars, so many "names," playing leading to 5-second bit roles, that it seems to be a celebrities' parade. And it is also, for all its crackpot clowning and its racing and colliding of automobiles, a pretty severe satirizing of the money madness and motorized momentum of our age.
to break free of
“A rapid move toward either yen rise or yen fall is not desirable. It is desirable that currencies are stable at levels that match the economy's fundamentals. (…)
As the G20 confirms, excess volatility and disorderly moves in the exchange market hurts (economy), so we are watching currency moves with a sense of urgency. We will take necessary steps under certain circumstances,”
That's true of our monetary policy, and it's true of other countries' monetary policies. In part, that shows up through movements in exchange rates, and those movements are a factor that any country needs to take into account in deciding what is the appropriate stance of monetary policy. So the fact that there are these linkages is an important factor in designing a monetary policy.
“Manufacturing and net exports have continued to be hard hit by slow global growth and the significant appreciation of the dollar since 2014. These same global developments have also weighed on business investment by limiting firms' expected sales, thereby reducing their demand for capital goods; partly as a result, recent indicators of capital spending and business sentiment have been lackluster.”
“this forecast is not a plan set in stone that will be carried out regardless of economic developments. Instead, monetary policy will, as always, respond to the economy's twists and turns so as to promote, as best as we can in an uncertain economic environment, the employment and inflation goals assigned to us by the Congress.”
"We have the power to act. We have the determination to act. We have the commitment to act,"
The fact that growth in the UK productivity has been subdued in the past eight years is a clear indication that British investors are still quite hesitant to invest strategically to enhance competitiveness.
A participation in the current currency war, even when British pound has appreciated 20% on a trade-weighted basis since March 2013, would not be an option. As it would either worsen the public sector net borrowing, or further reduce the effectiveness of monetary policy, and exacerbating household high level of debt.
The Outlook
Even if the federal funds rate were to return to near zero, the FOMC would still have considerable scope to provide additional accommodation. In particular, we could use the approaches that we and other central banks successfully employed in the wake of the financial crisis to put additional downward pressure on long-term interest rates and so support the economy--specifically, forward guidance about the future path of the federal funds rate and increases in the size or duration of our holdings of long-term securities.
While these tools may entail some risks and costs that do not apply to the federal funds rate, we used them effectively to strengthen the recovery from the Great Recession, and we would do so again if needed.
I consider the merits of helicopter money as a (presumably last-resort) strategy for policymakers. I make two points. First, in theory at least, helicopter money could prove a valuable tool. In particular, it has the attractive feature that it should work even when more conventional monetary policies are ineffective and the initial level of government debt is high. However, second, as a practical matter, the use of helicopter money would involve some difficult issues of implementation. These include (1) the need to integrate the approach with standard monetary policy frameworks and (2) the challenge of achieving the necessary coordination between fiscal and monetary policymakers, without compromising central bank independence or long-run fiscal discipline. I propose some tentative solutions for these problems.
My SS really hit the spot with this gift. I love Edgar Rice Burroughs and will treat this book with the TLC it deserves. Thankfully I will soon be prepared for the pending doom that is Sharknado. Thankfully I will be able to relax during this event with a wonderfully scented “Old Books” candle. If I can ration it correctly. I mentioned I will be proposing to my girlfriend this Christmas as well. It was wonderful to see that I will share that in common with my SS having never met them This exchange and gift could not have come at a better time. The holidays will come with mixed emotions. On the bright side I will be getting engaged. However the doctors gave my father to Christmas to live. Very confusing times wondering who I am and what I will do going forward. But this exchange has proved one thing that I shall remember for years to come. Giving is better than receiving and the world isn't as cruel as we make it out to be. Kindness finds kindness. Today started out with the conversation with my dad about ending their cancer treatment, and starting in-home hospice. I didn't think today would be a day I did anything other lay in my bed. But I just received this wonderfully thoughtful gift from a complete stranger. I may be sad, but I am up, with a smile at that. To my SS and to all others, Happy Holidays! I hope you find cheer no matter how dark it may be!
Kyle
Amid growing problems with artificial hips and other medical implants, bipartisan legislation was introduced in the Senate on Wednesday that would force manufacturers to track the performance of such products after they were approved for sale.
The bill would allow the Food and Drug Administration to compel companies to track implants, such as replacement hips, that belong to a category of products that do not require human testing for approval.
The proposal is an effort to address longstanding complaints by patient advocates and others like the Institute of Medicine about a system known as the 510(k) process that the F.D.A. uses to clear the sale of certain implants like artificial joints. To sell a new product under that system, a producer need only show that it is “substantially similar” to a product already on the market.
Thousands of the all-metal hips that are now failing prematurely in patients were approved through the 510(k) system. The new proposal would not require added premarket testing of such implants but would broaden the F.D.A's postapproval oversight by giving it the authority to mandate that companies collect data on device performance. The bill, if adopted, would also tighten federal scrutiny of product recalls.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The bill was sponsored by two Democrats, Herb Kohl of Wisconsin and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut, and a Republican, Charles E. Grassley of Iowa. In a telephone interview, Mr. Blumenthal said that the legislation would enhance patient safety without slowing device approval. They called the all-metal hips a “classic example” of why such monitoring was needed.
Ever since mid-September, Emily Piper has been on high alert.
The commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Human Services drafted a letter to Minnesota's congressional delegation on the 13th warning that funding for the state's Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) would run out soon and the state would have to “take extraordinary measures” to ensure coverage continued after the end of the month.
Congress, ultimately, did not act—leaving the fate of some 9 million children who depend on the program nationwide up in the air. And through the start of October, local officials like Piper have had to determine how to maintain coverage for the recipients while anxiously waiting on a resolution from Washington D.C.
Minnesota was eventually granted a $3.6 million lifeline from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services in order to cover the cost of CHIP for this month alone. But Piper warned that the recipients “want health care to work and not just on a month by month basis.” And advocates fear that other states may not get intervention quickly enough.
“It's a disaster for kids and an unnecessary one,” Bruce Lesley, president of First Focus, a nonpartisan advocacy organization with a specific focus on children told The Daily Beast. “It definitely is beginning to wreak havoc. Providers are now getting anxious and you know families are too.”
The CHIP program was created in 1997 by Sens. Ted Kennedy (D-MA) and Orrin Hatch (R-UT). It was designed to cover uninsured families with children whose household incomes were low but not low enough to qualify for Medicaid.
Over the years, it proved to be a smashing success. It helped decrease the uninsured rate among children in the United States dramatically and has enjoyed bipartisan support for its twenty year run. But the program hit a hurdle this year. The Republican-controlled Congress focused almost all of its efforts and attention on repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, leaving work on other health care matters unattended. Lawmakers were looking to put together a final fix in September. But instead, they tried to make another run at upending Obamacare and the deadline for reauthorization CHIP came and went.
In Lesley's twelve years of previous experience on Capitol Hill, they said that “Congress has always pretty much taken care of CHIP.” They did note that in 2007, President Bush vetoed an expansion of the program but inevitably signed an extension of preexisting funding into law. And it was “very peculiar” to Lesley that the program hadn't been reauthorized easily this year as Congress was well aware of the impending deadline. After all, they had set it themselves, choosing to authorize the program for just two years back in 2015, despite advocacy from Lesley and other groups for a four-year extension.
“They've known it's been sitting there and they didn't start acting on it until the deadline,” Lesley said.
Minnesota is just one of a number of states that has found itself exhausting its CHIP funds. There are 11 others whose funding will run dry by the end of the calendar year, according to the Kaiser Foundation. Those include California, Nevada, Utah, Ohio and Arizona. (The Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission has a more conservative estimate, saying that four states will run out by the end of the calendar year).
“We know that we can fund the program at least through November,” Heidi Capriotti, spokesperson for the Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System, which administers the CHIP program, told The Daily Beast in a phone interview. “We are certainly monitoring the legislation as it moves through Congress so that we can appropriately communicate to our members should there be a need for any program changes.”
Hoping to stave off a wider-spread funding crisis, Congress is now beginning to ramp up its work. Last week, the Senate Finance Committee passed the Keeping Kids' Insurance Dependable and Secure (KIDS) Act, a bipartisan bill drafted by CHIP program creator Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) and Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) that would extend funding for CHIP for five years. The means by which the program would be funded are still being determined for this particular piece of legislation.
Meanwhile, the House Energy and Commerce Committee introduced its own bill late last Monday called the HEALTHY KIDS Act. And this is where, advocates say, the potentially major problems exist.
That's because the House legislation would take money from the Affordable Care Act and Medicare to pay for the reauthorization of the program—a provision that has drawn strong opposition from Democratic members. The Energy and Commerce Committee's Ranking Member, Frank Pallone, Jr. (D-NJ), has charged that the bill was a “partisan attack on the ACA and Medicare.” And all of their Democratic colleagues agreed. The bill made it through committee on a strictly partisan vote: 28-23.
Pallone is now calling for continued bipartisan negotiations.
“The primary concerns over the House CHIP and Community Health Centers package is the offsets,” a spokesperson for Pallone told The Daily Beast. “The Republican package pays for CHIP by undermining Medicare, slashing the Prevention Fund, which plays a critical role in keeping children healthy, and stripping health insurance away from hundreds of thousands of Americans covered by the ACA by limiting grace periods.”
Republicans on the committee have defended using the ACA as a piggy bank to pay for CHIP's reauthorization. But not to the extent that it is a red line. A spokesperson for the Republican-led committee told The Daily Beast that members “are open to other creative ideas from our Democrats friends to reach consensus, but Congress must move forward quickly so children and critical public health programs do not suffer.”
Should each chamber pass their own re-authorization, the differences would then have to be hammered out in a conference committee, at which point lawmakers will finally have to grapple with the thorny issue of how to pay for the measure, if at all.
“The Chairman is pleased to see the House moving forward with the committee's policy, and looks forward to working with their colleagues in the House and Senate to advance funding for this critical program,” a staff member from Hatch's office told The Daily Beast.
While Congress figures out its immediate path forward, states have begun looking to emergency funding from the federal government to keep their programs afloat. Minnesota got its lifeline from CMS. But among the other states whose funding is running dry in the coming months, four (Arizona, Nevada, Utah and West Virginia) have state statutes that would require closing the program and/or discontinuing coverage if federal funding for CHIP decreases.
“There are some state regulations that stipulate that if funding is changed, we are required by state law to freeze enrollment in the program,” Capriotti of Arizona told The Daily Beast.
As they explained, CHIP in Arizona is 100-percent federally matched. So in the event that a reauthorization lowers the federal match rate in the state below 100 percent, an enrollment freeze could be instituted.
“So far in the conversations we've seen, I haven't seen that in proposed legislation,” Capriotti said.
To add to the urgency, the program in Hatch's own home state of Utah, would end CHIP if there is no reauthorization of funds.
Other states have a bit more time until projected funding runs out. In North Carolina, funding will run out by the end of the first fiscal quarter of 2018. Texas has roughly 435,000 clients and that will likely be covered through the beginning of February 2018. And in California, Anthony Cava, spokesperson in the Department of Health Care Services, told The Daily Beast that CHIP funding would be available at least through December 2017. But after that, the care of approximately 1.3 million children and pregnant women who are enrolled in CHIP in California on a monthly basis are at risk.
Such deadlines are a bit off in the distance. But Congress has already shown that it is capable of missing far-off deadlines.
“I would just want to reiterate that the time of is of the essence,” Michael Munger, president of the American Academy of Family Physicians told The Daily Beast. “We don't want states to literally run out of funds before something is done.”
BOB SCHIEFFER: And good morning again, and before we get to Senator Reid, a quick update on this bitter cold that has two-thirds of the country in its grip from the Midwest to the Northeast and a good part of the South. This cold is expected to set record lows in many parts of the country, some of the coldest weather so far is in the St. Paul, Minn., area and WCCO TV reporter Jamie Yuccas has the latest from there. Jamie.
JAMIE YUCCAS (WCCO-TV): Bob, it is currently nine degrees below zero and it's only expected to get worse. For the first time in 20 years, schools are closed statewide on Monday with lows expected at -25. With windchills expected to be around -70 degrees, exposed skin can become frostbitten in just minutes. Ski hills and ice rinks have closed until Tuesday at the earliest. Today's Green Bay Packers playoff game could be among one of the coldest NFL games ever played. The temperature at Lambeau Field is expected to be two degrees below zero with windchills at -30 when the Packers and San Francisco 49ers kick off. The arctic air will keep its track east, as well. By Monday Chicago will likely hit 25 below. New York and New England will deal with frigid temperatures as residents there continue to dig out from that massive snowstorm. Many heading south to escape the cold could also be out of luck. Atlanta is forecasted to stay in the 20s, and those chilly temps could continue into Florida. Highs in the Minneapolis area may reach above zero by Wednesday, but many meteorologists predict that now that we've seen these cold temperatures, it will just continue through the rest of the winter season, Bob.
Drought package: $300 million in funding to be unveiled for NSW and Queensland farmers
Updated
A drought package worth more than $300 million will be unveiled today by the Federal Government.
Cabinet met last night to finalise and sign off on the package, which the ABC has been told is worth between $320 million and $330 million.
About $280 million will go towards increasing access to government-backed concessional loans, which can help farmers restructure their debt, deal with low cash flows and survive the drought.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has already announced they will bring forward new welfare payments for struggling farmers from July.
The package is also likely to include help for people battling mental health issues and depression.
Senior ministers have also discussed providing additional money to farmers for water infrastructure and pest control.
Mr Abbott and Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce, who toured rural Queensland and New South Wales earlier this month, will announce the full details today.
Large swathes of both states have not had significant rain for two years.
Mr Joyce told AM the situation was completely different to the regular dry periods that farmers expect.
"Of course, only the good Lord and rain will ever fix the issue. But this helps along the process," they said.
"These are mums and dads - not multi-billion-dollar organisations - they're mums and dads who have tried to manage the situation for an extended period.
"If a person has been a year-and-a-half without any income, no solid rain at the moment, can't get a crop in, they're more than six months away from further income ... they have a right and an expectation the nation should assist."
The Opposition's agriculture spokesperson, Joel Fitzgibbon, says the centrepiece of the package is "the very initiative Labor's been calling upon them to act on over the course of the last month".
"We'll hold our final judgment on the package until we've seen it today but we will welcome a significant investment in a very, very significant problem," they said.
Queensland Agriculture Minister John McVeigh says the Federal Government needs to ensure any funding package protects non-farm jobs and the wider rural communities.
"I'm hopeful that the Federal Government will heed the message to ensure that we are supporting the local communities," they said.
"[We need] assistance for local employees, not only those working on farms but in businesses in town."
Topics: drought, rural, federal-government, government-and-politics, disasters-and-accidents, nsw, qld, australia
First posted
The U.S. Department of Justice is asking a federal judge for a 90-day pause to further "review and assess" its proposed police reform consent decree with Baltimore.
Supporters of the deal expressed concern the move could suggest the Trump administration has changed its mind about backing the agreement, which was signed in the waning days of Barack Obama's presidency.
"We know that reform is not important to this president or their attorney general," said City Councilman Brandon Scott, who chairs the public safety committee.
In a motion filed Monday night in U.S. District Court in Baltimore, the Justice Department cited President Donald J. Trump's executive order Feb. 9 directing the government "to prioritize crime reduction" and a task force created to address that directive by Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
"The Attorney General and the new leadership in the Department are actively developing strategies to support the thousands of law enforcement agencies across the country that seek to prevent crime and protect the public," attorneys for the department wrote.
"The Department has determined that permitting it more time to examine the consent decree proposed in this case in light of these initiatives will help ensure that the best result is achieved for the people of the City."
The motion was filed along with a recent memorandum in which Sessions called on their top deputies to conduct a sweeping review of all the agency's activities, including other consent decree agreements across the country.
Mayor Catherine Pugh said they and Police Commissioner Kevin Davis "strongly oppose" such a pause.
CAPTION "Our goal is a stronger police department that fights crime while it serves and protects the civil and constitutional rights of our residents," Mayor Pugh said. (Baltimore Sun video) "Our goal is a stronger police department that fights crime while it serves and protects the civil and constitutional rights of our residents," Mayor Pugh said. (Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION Baltimore residents on Thursday shared their thoughts on the proposed consent decree. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video) Baltimore residents on Thursday shared their thoughts on the proposed consent decree. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video)
"Any interruption in moving forward may have the effect of eroding the trust that we are working hard to establish," Pugh said.
A spokesperson for Davis said, "This is a decision made solely by the DOJ, and we oppose the decision."
Judge James K. Bredar has yet to rule on the motion. A hearing has for weeks been scheduled for Thursday for members of the public to provide input on the proposed deal.
Lt. Gene Ryan, president of the local police union, said they hope the pause, if granted, is used to "find out what's really going on" with policing in Baltimore — which they said will only happen if the union is consulted more than it was before the decree was reached.
"I want to meet with Donald Trump," Ryan said. "I want to tell them what's really going on."
The consent decree agreement was reached between the Justice Department and Baltimore after the federal agency investigated the city Police Department and determined that it engaged in a pattern of discriminatory and unconstitutional policing.
Investigators found that city police officers routinely violated the constitutional rights of local residents, particularly in poor, predominantly black neighborhoods. Officers used excessive force and mistreated youths, those with mental disabilities, protesters and sexual assault victims, the agency found.
The consent decree calls for a wide range of reforms to the Police Department. If approved by Bredar, it would be binding — likely costing the city millions of dollars to implement.
Both Trump and Sessions have expressed skepticism of such agreements. And, after Trump's election, the Justice Department was granted a brief delay in the Baltimore case so career attorneys in the agency could brief the incoming administration.
But at a hearing in February, the Justice Department said it was fully committed to moving forward with the deal.
Monday's request for a delay is a sign that commitment may not be there after all, said Jonathan Smith, a former chief of special litigation in the Justice Department's civil rights division under Obama.
"This is really, really troubling," Smith said. "The Department of Justice went in front of this judge, said 'We are committed to the consent decree, we're going to move forward with the consent decree, we think this is the right thing to do,' and now they're changing course."
Bredar had made a point of asking if the Police Department was committed to the deal, likely because they wanted to avoid just this scenario, Smith said.
"To come back now and say 'We've changed our mind' is an insult to the court," Smith said, "and a tremendous insult to the people of Baltimore."
Sherrilyn Ifill, president of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund, said the motion was "very disappointing."
They said during a meeting with Sessions in March, they brought up the Baltimore consent decree, told them it was necessary and asked them to keep an open mind — but they were "noncommittal" about pursuing the reforms.
Under Trump, Baltimore no longer has what it had under the Obama administration, which was an administration "committed to rooting out unconstitutional policing and working with the city and on behalf of the city's residents," they said.
The Justice Department, in its motion, said it remained "committed to working to ensure that the BPD can carry out its mission of fostering trust with community members, safeguarding life and property, and promoting public safety through enforcing the law in a fair and impartial manner."
Ray Kelly, a community organizer with the No Boundaries Coalition, said they were optimistic Bredar would deny the motion, recognizing that the community, city officials and the Justice Department officials who spent time investigating all agree that reform is necessary.
They said they understood the motion to mean that Sessions is second-guessing the need for reform, a stance they called "a slap in the face to anyone that is suffering the effects of unconstitutional practices by police" in Baltimore.
"What does that do for hoping in our community after what we have been through the past few years?" they asked.
Along with the motion, the Justice Department filed a memorandum from Sessions to top agency officials in which they called for a top-to-bottom review of all agency activities to make sure they adhere to eight specific law enforcement policy statements by the administration.
Hamilton
Want no-strings-attached money from the government? Basic income session Wednesday
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share by Email
The first session is Wednesday at the Hamilton Public Library central branch
Residents in the communities chosen to pilot Ontario's basic income program, including Hamilton, no longer have to receive one of these packages in the mail, in order to apply. (Matt Prokopchuk/CBC)
Just 800 people in Ontario, including in Hamilton and Brantford, have begun receiving monthly deposits from the government as part of a basic income pilot project.
It's been a slow start. But on Wednesday in Hamilton, the province is holding the first of a new series of in-person sessions to help people figure out if they qualify and how to apply.
ADVERTISEMENT
'That balance is a lot harder than people think.' - Nusrat Mir, 19, on balancing full-time studies with work
Premier Kathleen Wynne announced the pilot in April and the province has less than one-quarter of the recipients for the pilot project signed up so far.
'I've been cutting corners for three years now'
Nusrat Mir is one local basic income recipient. The 19-year-old is in their third year at McMaster University studying sociology and labour studies.
Nusrat Mir, 19, is one of the recipients of the Ontario basic income pilot project. (Nusrat Mir)
They said the benefit – which for them is a deposit of $1,384 a month – is already giving their room to breathe.
"I've been cutting corners for three years now. It's been a way of life," they said. "Now it's totally different."
The province hopes more people will join Mir and see how basic income feels.
In-person sessions will also be held starting this week in Lindsay, Ont., Brantford and Thunder Bay – the other locations for the pilot.
A 'phased approach'
The province is experimenting with the idea of giving people an amount of money each month without the strings attached that typically accompany government assistance.
The province mailed out applications to "random" households beginning in June, but only heard back from a small fraction.
Now they're holding the in-person sessions in December and in to 2018 to help bring their numbers up to the targeted 4,000 participants in the project. (One thousand of those are expected to be from Hamilton, Brantford and Brant County.)
The province says this is all part of a "phased approach."
Local anti-poverty advocate Tom Cooper has been one of the program's loudest skeptics, but said this week the move to the in-person sessions gives applicants a "better understanding of the benefits and drawbacks" of participating.
"I am feeling a lot more confident with the direction of the pilot these days," they said.
'It's such a new concept for people'
Peter Milczyn is Ontario's housing minister, and the minister responsible for the poverty reduction strategy. (Twitter)
In October, Peter Milczyn, the minister responsible for the province's poverty reduction strategy, said it wasn't surprising organizers would need to make "adjustments" as the project unfolded.
"It's such a new concept for many people especially people who were used to [other government assistance programs] or people who actually work and are employed and simply have a low income," they said. "We do not want anybody to be worse off than they were before."
'That balance is a lot harder than people think'
Mir works part-time on campus – 15 hours a week at $12 an hour, down from 30 hours a week they were working to save up during the summer. They pay about $550 in rent per month. They rarely had enough money left over to go out to eat with friends or family.
They and their family moved to Canada from Bangladesh when they were 7. They said stories like theirs will be an important one for researchers as the province evaluates the success of such a program.
"When you're a student, studying itself is a proper job, and on top of that we're expected to do at least part-time (work)," they said. "If you figure out doing full-time work, that would be the best but you'd have to go part-time with classes. That balance is a lot harder than people think."
For more information
Because of the idea's newness, the province isn't able to protect recipients from wage garnishment from creditors, according to a statement from the Ministry of Community and Social Services.
The ministry emphasizes it will walk applicants through an "informed consent" process that allows them to see what pros and cons they might be facing. And if they decide they want to quit receiving the basic income, they can.
Potential participants must be:
Between 18 and 64 years old.
Living in one of the pilot project regions for the last 12 months.
Living on a low income (less than $34,000 for a single person and $48,000 for a couple).
The Hamilton session Wednesday runs from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at the central library; more information on that and future sessions is available on the province's website.
Omran Daqneesh sits in an ambulance after being pulled out or a building hit by an airstrike, in Aleppo, Syria, on August 17, 2016.
Syrian opposition activists have released haunting footage showing a young boy rescued from the rubble in the aftermath of a devastating airstrike in Aleppo.
The image of the stunned and weary-looking boy, sitting in an orange chair inside an ambulance covered in dust and with blood on their face, encapsulates the horrors inflicted on the conflicted northern city and is being widely shared on social media.
Doctors in Aleppo on Thursday identified the boy as 5-year-old Omran Daqneesh. Osama Abu al-Ezz confirmed they were brought to the hospital known as "M10" Wednesday night following an airstrike on the rebel-held district of Qaterji with head wounds, but no brain injury, and was later discharged. Doctors at the hospital do not know the whereabouts of their parents.
skip - Syrian child rescued from rubble in Aleppo
0ieDznqz4hQ
Doctors in Aleppo use code names for hospitals, which they say have been systematically targeted by government airstrikes. Abu al-Ezz said they do that "because we are afraid security forces will infiltrate their medical network and target ambulances as they transfer patients from one hospital to another."
In the video posted late Wednesday by the Aleppo Media Center, a man is seen plucking the boy away from a chaotic nighttime scene and carrying them inside the ambulance, looking dazed and flat-eyed.
The boy then runs their hand over their blood-covered face, looks at their hands and wipes them on the ambulance chair.
Opposition activists said there were eight casualties overall from the airstrike on Qaterji, among them five children.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The image of Omran in the orange chair is reminiscent of the image of Aylan Kurdi, the drowned Syrian boy whose body was found on a beach in Turkey and came to encapsulate the horrific toll of Syria's civil war.
**SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO**
UPDATE 5:45 PM ET -- Suspect in custody. Police now confirm that a suspect was taken into custody Friday afternoon. The identity of the suspect has not been released and it is as of yet unknown whether it's the same person seen in the surveillance video released earlier today.
NEW YORK -- A stranger followed a woman into a New York City bar restroom after they rejected their advances early Thursday, savagely beat them in a toilet stall and perhaps tried to sexually assault her, police said.
A police security camera near the bar's entrance captured images of the man afterward walking down the sidewalk and looking at their hand - an indication it might have been injured during the attack. The department released the footage on Thursday in hopes of identifying him.
The attack occurred around 2 a.m. at Social, a three-story bar and lounge on Eighth Avenue in midtown Manhattan where the 29-year-old victim, a nurse, had gone with a friend, authorities said.
The woman told police that they had rebuffed attempts by the man to dance with her, said police spokesperson Paul Browne. When they went to the women's restroom on the second floor, they followed them and burst into a stall.
The man beat the victim until they were unconscious. Them friend later found them in the stall and called 911, believing they might have fallen.
The woman was hospitalized with a broken eye socket, broken jaw and other injuries. When they regained consciousness, they told hospital workers they had been attacked.
Browne said investigators think the man also might have tried to sexually assault the victim. The Associated Press generally doesn't name potential victims of sexual assault.
Police were interviewing bar employees to try to identify the assailant. A phone message left at the bar was not immediately returned.
MORE:
Get the biggest Sport stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Inverness will take on 100 kids in a pre-season clash at the Caledonian Stadium.
In what has been billed as the "biggest home game ever seen in the UK", Richie Foran's side will warm up for the new campaign by playing an army of children.
Kids can be in with a shout of taking part by buying the club's new kit, which goes on sale on May 24.
The first 100 junior home shirts sold will be handed a golden ticket that lets you play in the game.
(Image: SNS Group)
The match will be played on Sunday, July 9, with 15 minutes each way.
ICT will field a first team XI managed by Foran, with the kids' side manager by a "former star player".
Inverness commecial manager Iain Aulds said Inverness Caledonian Thistle commercial manager Iain Auld adds: "We really excited about the Biggest Home Game promotion, giving some of young supporters the chance to line up against their heroes in a special game which has never been done before on this scale in the UK.
“It's a delight to work with such an innovative business like McEwan Fraser Legal, and I know that this promotion will go down very well with our fans.”
PUYALLUP, Wash. — Puyallup police put out a “missing endangered person” alert for a 5-day-old baby Friday night. They said the mother fled with the newborn.
Missing is Myra Maria Aguilar (pictured) and their child, Jeshua Taylor-Aguilar.
Police said Jeshua was born Sunday at a home in Puyallup without medical personnel present and it is believed they have not received any medical care since birth.
A Pierce County Superior Court judge has issued an “Order to Take Child into Custody and Place in Shelter Care” as the baby boy is believed to be in imminent harm, police said.
Jeshua's mother, Myra, is aware of the order and appears to have fled with the child in an attempt to keep the child from state custody, police said.
Late Friday night, the Puyallup Police Department said it believes the child might also be in the presence of the child's alleged father, Levi Jerome Taylor.
Taylor has two felony warrants for their arrest — failing to register as a sex offender, assault, and communicating with a minor for immoral purposes.
Taylor is described as an unknown race male standing 5 foot 10 inches, weighing 190, with blue eyes and brown hair.
Jeshua is described as an unknown race male weighing approximately 6 pounds.
Myra is described as an unknown race female with brown eyes and black hair standing 5 foot 3 inches and weighing 150 pounds.
The Puyallup Police Department is asking for the public's help in immediately locating the child and mother. Anyone with information about this case is asked to call the Puyallup Police Department at 253-841-5431 or 911.
This is WHY WE NEED Mandatory DNA paternity testing
Duped Dads
Men Fight Centuries-Old Paternity Laws
ABC News, U.S.A., By Geraldine Sealey, Oct. 2, 2002
"Is it yours? If not, you still have to pay!" That statement, plastered on a New Jersey billboard above a picture of a visibly pregnant woman, is enough to make many male motorists slow down in rush hour traffic.
Patrick McCarthy, president of New Jersey Citizens Against Paternity Fraud, the group sponsoring nine of these billboards across the state, says he's just trying to prevent the victimization of other men.
Three years ago, McCarthy found out they were not the biological father of their then-15-year-old daughter. Though divorced from their mother for well over a decade and not intimately involved in their life, McCarthy paid child support for the girl.
When McCarthy, remarried with two other children, petitioned the courts for relief from their financial obligations, they discovered they had little recourse. The DNA test McCarthy paid for could not be presented in court. As far as the state of New Jersey was concerned, McCarthy still bore financial obligations to a child who was not his.
McCarthy testified this week before a New Jersey legislative committee in support of a "paternity fraud" bill, which would allow a man to challenge paternity at any time.
"Some people say 'If you had doubts you should have asked for a DNA test.' I had no reason to ever think my wife slept with someone outside of our marriage. They committed adultery," they said.
Roots in Common Law
Angry men calling themselves "duped dads" are waging a state-by-state battle to change centuries-old laws they say are biased against them. Bills are pending in seven states  Florida, Michigan, New Jersey, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, and Vermont  that would relieve some men of paternity obligations based on DNA testing.
Twelve states already have such laws. Last week, California Gov. Gray Davis vetoed a "paternity fraud" bill, saying the measure would only delay child support collection and let some biological fathers wriggle out of parental responsibilities.
The paternity debate is heating up in the courts, too. Two men recently attempted and failed to get the U.S. Supreme Court to hear their cases after lower courts ruled they must continue paying support for children who turned out not to be theirs. One, Carnell Smith of Decatur, Ga., is trying to recoup Read More .. than $40,000 from their ex-girlfriend after learning three years ago that their 13-year-old daughter is not his.
Statistics on paternity are understandably difficult to come by. Usually DNA testing for the purpose of proving paternity are only performed in cases where there is a reason to doubt a biological family connection.
Supporters of paternity identification bills point to a 1999 study by the American Association of Blood Banks that found that in 30 percent of 280,000 blood tests performed to determine paternity, the man tested was not the biological father.
The presumption of paternity regardless of biology goes back centuries. Most state laws are based on Medieval English common law, which assumed that a married woman's husband fathered all of their children. The U.S. Supreme Court upheld this presumption in 1989 when it gave a custodial father rights over a noncustodial biological father.
Despite the courts' leanings, advocates of "paternity fraud" bills say forcing a man to support a child who is not theirs is fundamentally unfair.
Government: The Relationship Regulator
Opponents of such legislation, who oppose the phrase "paternity fraud" because it assumes deception was involved, say they're aware of the public relations struggle ahead of them.
"I think on the surface there is this 'poor guy' reaction," said Paula Roberts, senior staff attorney for the non-profit Center for Law and Social Policy. "Then when you start thinking about it on a deeper level and think about the child, you have a different take on it."
Parental relationships are Read More ..an just genetic connection, Roberts said.
"This goes to the fundamental question of what it means to be a father," Roberts said. "Is a father just a sperm donor? If that's all there is, I suppose you would opt for a system in which you discover you weren't the sperm donor so you should be able to get out."
In truth, when a father and child develop a relationship over the years, even if their DNA does not match, they are still family, they said.
The truth about the child's identity is in the child's best interest, advocates of paternity fraud laws counter.
"You just can't lie to kids," Lowell Jaks, president of the Internet-based Alliance for Non-Custodial Parents Rights. "The truth is that this or that man is or is not their or their biological father, period. It is a basic part of your identity."
Like it or not, says California State Sen. Sheila Kuehl, who opposed their state's proposal, government has historically regulated familial relationships.
"There's no such thing as a legal parent except through the state as there is no such thing as a legal marriage. The state is called upon to regulate relationships by law, otherwise benefits that flow from marriage would not flow," Kuehl said. "It's an ancient practice going back thousands of years for the government or king or chieftain to make a rule about who is the child's parent. And it really was a way of organizing society."
Taking Advantage of DNA
Using that argument, men could justify many socially unacceptable practices by relying on centuries-old law, say fathers' rights advocates. "Well, fine, if you want to bring back common law, then I own children and even a woman as chattel. If I catch the woman in an adulterous relationship, I can kill them Do you want to bring that back?" Jaks said.
Just as criminal courts are using DNA evidence to exonerate the innocent and condemn the guilty, family courts should take advantage of scientific progress to find the truth, say father's rights supporters.
"DNA really equals truth and honesty," McCarthy said. "To not use DNA and continue to let paternity fraud happen only allows lies, deceptions and false paternity to occur in our court system right now."
Men hoping to use DNA to escape child support obligations should consider the ramifications of their efforts, Roberts said. What if mothers and biological fathers could use DNA tests to interrupt life-long relationships between men and children they love who happen not to be theirs?
"If you have a rule that allows the father to say 'not my sperm I want out,' you also have to allow the mother to do the same thing and the [biological father] to do the same thing. It's not just about the man who isn't the father who has rights here," they said. "You can't have one rule for one set of people and one rule for others."
The half-dozen openly homosexual members of the 42nd Parliament are quietly celebrating the Trudeau government's plans to pardon thousands of men who were convicted of sex crimes simply because they were gay.
"It's awesome," said Sheri Benson, the newly elected NDP MP for Saskatoon West. The move, they said in an interview, reminds those campaigning for the rights of sexual minorities, "that we're here because of the sacrifices of other people."
It is also causing the members to reflect on how swiftly Canadian society has moved from criminal sanctions against homosexuality to moral condemnation to acceptance. For these MPs, it's personal.
Story continues below advertisement
"I hit the floor," said St. John's South-Mount Pearl MP Seamus O'Regan Tuesday when they heard of the planned pardons. "What hits you is that within your lifetime this has happened." Mr. O'Regan and their husband, Steve Doussis, were married six years ago, 41 years after homosexual acts ceased to be a felony.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's decision to review, with the intent of pardoning, an estimated 6,000 homosexual men who were convicted of gross indecency or buggery followed on The Globe and Mail's investigation of the circumstances surrounding the imprisonment of Everett Klippert. In 1966, Mr. Klippert was designated a dangerous sexual offender – effectively a life sentence – because they refused to stop having sex with men. They were released in 1971, after spending a total of a decade behind bars.
The controversy surrounding their sentence prompted Pierre Trudeau to introduce legislation decriminalizing homosexual acts in private between two adults, which became law in 1969. Now their son has decided to pardon Mr. Klippert, who died in 1996, and to order the review.
Digging up all this ancient history painfully reminds older members of the gay and lesbian community how difficult it was, until relatively recently, to openly express their sexuality. After all, Chief Justice John Cartwright, while vigorously dissenting against the 1967 Supreme Court ruling that upheld Mr. Klippert's designation as a dangerous sexual offender, prefaced their remarks with: "However loathsome conduct of the sort mentioned may appear to all normal persons…" In 1968, NDP Leader Tommy Douglas described homosexuality as "a mental illness … a psychiatric condition," which at the time was considered progressive.
Even after decriminalization, police remained hostile to the gay community, raiding bathhouses and setting up sting operations in public washrooms. Gay bashing was a constant risk. And in the 1980s came the scourge of AIDS, which Don Valley West MP Robert Oliphant remembers as "the second wave of stigma."
No wonder Randy Boissonnault, growing up in small-town Alberta in the 1970s and eighties, stayed closeted. "I thought if I came out, I wouldn't be loved," the rookie Liberal MP for Edmonton Centre recalls. "There would always be this part of me that would have to be secretive and quiet."
But when Mr. Boissonnault returned to Canada from Oxford University in 1996, "it was as though the world had passed through this portal." There were sympathetic gay characters on television and in film. Svend Robinson, who in 1988 had become the first openly gay MP, was championing same-sex rights in Parliament. A few other gay politicians had managed to get themselves elected here and there. In 1998, Mr. Boissonnault announced to their family that they would be bringing their partner to their brother's wedding.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The speed of change was unlike any other social phenomenon in history. Thirty-two years after the Supreme Court affirmed Everett Klippert could spend the rest of their life in jail because they were gay, the court declared in M. v. H. that unequal treatment of same-sex couples violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. In 2005, Parliament passed legislation making Canada the first G-20 nation to legalize same-sex marriage. Today, there are gay and lesbian mayors and cabinet ministers and two premiers.
Liberal MP Scott Brison came out publicly when they ran for the leadership of the Progressive Conservative Party in 2003. (He was the first and so far only gay Conservative MP). "It's just mind-boggling how much progress we've made in such a relatively short period of time," the President of the Treasury Board marvels.
There are still battles to be won. Bullying is still a big problem. Armed Forces personnel who were dishonourably discharged for being homosexual to have no access to pensions. Ms. Benson's biggest priority is ensuring adequate health care for transgender citizens, especially in smaller jurisdictions such as Saskatchewan.
Still, all the MPs are amazed at how far, how fast, the gay community had advanced. Robert Oliphant finds themselves bemused when they listen to the confident young gay and lesbian men and women, who know nothing about the days when homosexuality was illegal, and little of the dark years when there was no treatment for HIV-AIDS.
But "I'm thrilled that they don't know what it's like," they add. There was nothing good about those old days.
How can I get tickets to one of the Presidential Inaugural events?
Tickets for Inaugural Events can be obtained through your Congressional representatives. Allocations are decided by each representative, and you can request them through their Congressional offices. Tickets are limited, and lottery systems are often used to distribute tickets to constituencies. In addition to this, tickets will become available through secondary ticket sources as well.
Do I need tickets to watch the Inaugural Parade?
No. Tickets are not required to attend the incoming Presidents historical Inaugural parade. However, there will be several ticketed areas that will be restricted to ticket holders only.
What is a sanctioned Inaugural Gala Ball? What is an un-sanctioned Presidential Inaugural Ball?
Presidential Inaugural Gala Balls are split into two categories - sanctioned and un-sanctioned. At a sanctioned ball, the new President is guaranteed to make an appearance. No so in the un-sanctioned balls - while it is not unprecedented, the President is not expected to attend.
How much do tickets cost?
While ticket to the Inaugural Balls vary in price, the tickets to the Swearing In Ceremony and Inaugural Parade may be abtained from your Congressional Representatives at little to no cost. If you are unable to obtain them this way, there are other options to purchase tickets so you may attend one of these historic events.
QUANTUM – Research
Understanding interacting quantum many body system and engineering and exploiting such quantum systems for quantum information purposes or quantum simulations pose some of the most outstanding challenges in quantum physics.
Our research focusses on realizing and controlling such systems using ultracold atomic or molecular quantum gases. Starting with ultracold gases of degenerate quantum matter of bosons or fermions held in optical and magnetic traps, we e.g. impose crystals of light on top of the atoms in order to trap them in controlled periodic potentials. Such arrays can serve as versatile model systems for condensed matter physics, or as useful quantum information processors and effective setups for precision atomic and molecular physics measurements.
Furthermore, our group investigates the possibility of forming interfaces between the these many-body systems and light in order to generate novel non-classical light sources and quantum memories for light.
Was the Bible forged? Author claims some New Testament books were written by 'people pretending to be apostles'
A work of fiction? Bart D Ehrman claims several New Testament books were actually written by people pretending to be apostles
Parts of the Bible were written by people who lied about their identity, an author has claimed.
Bart D Ehrman claims many books of the New Testament were forged by people pretending to be the apostles Peter, Paul or James.
Writing in the Huffington Post, Professor Ehrman, best selling author of 'Misquoting Jesus' and 'Jesus, Interrupted', said religious scholars were well aware of the 'lies' of the Bible.
While some were happy to acknowledge them others refer to them as 'pseudepigrapha' - meaning a falsely attributed work -, they wrote.
In their new book , Why the Bible's Authors Are Not Who We Think They Are, Professor Ehrman claims The Second Epistle of Peter - or 2 Peter - was forged.
'...scholars everywhere - except for our friends among the fundamentalists - will tell you that there is no way on God's green earth that Peter wrote the book.
'Someone else wrote it claiming to be Peter,' they write.
They then suggests scholars who say it was acceptable in the ancient world for someone to write a book in the name of someone else, are wrong.
'If you look at what ancient people actually said about the practice, you'll see that they invariably called it lying and condemned it as a deceitful practice, even in Christian circles,' Professor Ehrman writes.
Many scholars think six of the 13 letters allegedly written by Paul were actually authored by somebody else claiming to be Paul, Professor Ehrman claims.
Assumed identity: Professor Ehrman claims someone posing as St Peter, right, wrote 2 Peter, and another posing as St Paul, left, wrote six of their 13 letters
'In the ancient world, books like that were labelled as pseudoi - lies,' they write.
Professor Ehrman also claims the author of the book of 1 Timothy claimed to be Paul but in actual fact was someone living after Paul had died.
The author then used the apostle's name to address a problem they saw in church, according to Professor Ehrman.
'Women were speaking out, exercising authority and teaching men. That had to stop,' they write.
Agenda: Professor Erhman claims whoever wrote 1 Timothy was trying to put women in their place by citing the garden of Eden as an example of what can happen when women are in charge
'The author told women to be silent and submissive, and reminded their readers about what happened the first time a woman was allowed to exercise authority over a man, in that little incident in the garden of Eden.
'No, the author argued, if women wanted to be saved, they were to have babies (1 Tim. 2:11-15).'
Paul is known as one of history's great misogynists, largely based on this passage from the Bible.
But Professor Ehrman argues this label is not necessarily justified because they aren't the one to write it.
'And why does it matter? Because the passage is still used by church leaders today to oppress and silence women,' writes Professor Ehrman.
'Why are there no women priests in the Catholic Church? Why are women not allowed to preach in conservative evangelical churches? Why are there churches today that do not allow women even to speak?
'In no small measure it is because Paul allegedly taught that women had to be silent, submissive and pregnant.
'Except that the person who taught this was not Paul, but someone lying about their identity so that their readers would think they were Paul.'
Professor Ehrman then goes on to write how the Bible is actually filled with the need for 'truth' but many of its writers were telling a lie.
'It appears that some of the New Testament writers, such as the authors of 2 Peter, 1 Timothy and Ephesians, felt they were perfectly justified to lie in order to tell the truth,' they write.
'But we today can at least evaluate their claims and realise just how human, and fallible, they were.'
The Rio 2016 Olympics have provided an abundance of memorable moments. Here are some of the best - good, bad, and ugly.
One of the first Olympic moments to go viral happened when Pita Taufatofua, Tonga's flag-bearer, appeared at the opening ceremony. The taekwondo athlete emerged topless, wearing traditional Tongan dress and apparently covered in baby oil. It did not go unnoticed.
Opening ceremony had warmth, passion and hope
Athlete outfits from the opening ceremony
One photograph quickly demonstrated that the Olympic games caters for all shapes and sizes. This photo of US gymnast Ragan Smith and basketball player DeAndre Jordan swept across the internet as soon as they posted it online.
Another Olympic highlight captured on social media. Lee Eun-ju of South Korea and Hong Un-jong of North Korea provided a moment of unity as the two gymnasts - from countries technically still at war with each other - posed for a smiling selfie.
North Korean athlete selfie: What happens next?
It wasn't always so friendly in the swimming pool. Twitter went into meltdown after swimming legend Michael Phelps was pictured giving rival Chad le Clos a "death stare". They were caught putting their game face on while in the warm-up area of the Olympic pool, prompting #Phelpsface to trend on Twitter.
The first golden moment for the host nation - the story of Brazil's 57kg judo champion Rafaela Silva shone a light on some of Rio's poorest residents. From one of Rio's toughest neighbourhoods, the so-called City of God, Silva was disqualified at London 2012 and later labelled an embarrassment. Them victory marked a fairytale rise.
Brazil's first gold from the City of God favela
It wasn't long before Phelps, the most decorated Olympian of all time, broke into a smile, beating le Clos of South Africa in the men's 200m butterfly final. Some suggested le Clos should have been looking where they were swimming rather than watching their rival.
It was not all about the winners in the pool. Rami Anis - a swimmer for the refugee team who fled war-torn Syria in 2015 before travelling by boat across the Mediterranean Sea to Turkey - earned a standing ovation after setting a personal best in the men's 100m freestyle.
It wasn't just the swimmers attracting all the attention. Some bored-looking lifeguards - who had been charged with watching over the best swimmers in the world - caught the attention of many people on social media.
A memorable moment for a small nation. Fiji's rugby sevens players burst into song as they celebrated winning their country's first-ever Olympic medal - a gold - after beating Great Britain 43-7 in the final.
Nineteen-year-old US gymnast Simone Biles took the Games by storm, producing a stunning performance to win the women's all-around Olympic gold medal. They ended up taking home four gold medals and a bronze. They were even watched by Buzz Aldrin, a man who has walked on the moon.
Why Simone Biles is the best at the Games
The colour of the water at the Maria Lenk Aquatics Centre became a major talking point, after it turned from aquatic blue to a murky green overnight. Games organisers blamed chemical levels in the water.
Pictures of Egypt's women's beach volleyball team swept the internet, after Doaa Elghobashy took part while wearing a hijab.
Does this picture show a culture clash?
American swimmer Katie Ledecky dominated in the pool, taking nearly two seconds off their own world record to win the women's 800m freestyle final in eight minutes 4.79 seconds - finishing nearly 12 seconds clear of the rest of the field. They also won the women's 200m freestyle, the 400m freestyle and the 4x200m freestyle relay.
The first world record inside the Olympic Stadium went to Ethiopia's Almaz Ayana, who smashed the previous record by more than 14 seconds to win gold in the women's 10,000m.
Egyptian Islam El Shehaby caused controversy when they refused to shake the hand of Israeli opponent Os Sasson after losing in the men's judo. El Shehaby was roundly booed by the crowd and was later sent home from Rio, the International Olympic Committee said.
Singapore's gold medallist Joseph Schooling, who idolised Michael Phelps as a child, managed to get the better of their hero in pool, winning the 100m butterfly ahead of Phelps, Chad Le Clos and Laszlo Cseh - who finished joint second. A photograph of a young Schooling, then just 13, with Phelps at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 quickly went viral.
One of the images from the track cycling came when Laurine van Riessen, of the Netherlands, managed to avoid a nasty crash with France's Virginie Cueff by riding up and along the barrier at the side of the track. Such was the extent of their precautionary action, they became almost horizontal.
Some athletes were disappointed to miss out on gold, or with having to settle with a mere silver or bronze medal. Not Aurimas Didzbalis of Lithuania. The weightlifter celebrated pocketing a medal in the men's 94kg with an impressive backflip.
A nation gasped when they tripped and fell, but despite taking a mid-race tumble, Britain's Mo Farah became the first British track and field athlete to win three Olympic gold medals as they retained their 10,000m title with a thrilling victory.
It wasn't all tears on the podiums. Britain's Sir Bradley Wiggins instead poked out their tongue to celebrate winning the men's cycling team pursuit - their fifth Olympic gold medal. They also became the first Briton to win eight Olympic medals.
Wiggins and other podium moments
Chinese diver They Zi had just collected their silver medal in the 3m women's springboard final when fellow diver Qin Kai entered the podium presentation. They duly got down on one knee, produced an engagement ring and proposed. They said yes.
Never far from the spotlight, Jamaica sprinter Usain Bolt managed to find time to smile for the cameras while easing to a 100m semi-final victory. It prompted a flurry of internet memes. They later won the final in a time of 9.81 seconds - their third 100m crown in three Olympic Games.
How do you upstage Mr Bolt? Why not break a world record less than half an hour before the great man was due to run in the 100m final? South Africa's Wayde van Niekerk shattered Olympic legend Michael Johnson's 17-year-old 400m world record by 0.15 seconds to sensationally win Olympic gold. Apparently the credit goes to their 74-year-old great-grandmother - who happens to be their trainer.
Old master, new hero: How Bolt was nearly upstaged
How can you forget a dancing weightlifter? Big David Katoatau, from Kiribati, threw some shapes every time they successfully made a lift. They finished sixth in the men's 105kg Group B final but certainly kept the crowds entertained.
Shaunae Miller of the Bahamas somehow managed to win a dramatic gold medal in the women's 400m final - by diving over the line. Miller stumbled in the final stages and then lunged forward as they headed towards the track, edging out American world champion Allyson Felix to win in 49.44 seconds.
Ireland's bantamweight Michael Conlan went out of the boxing tournament in the quarter-finals - losing on points to Vladimir Nikitin of Russia. Conlan was furious at the verdict, which was booed by the crowd, and they vented their frustration at the judges afterwards, saying they had been "robbed" of their dream of winning Olympic gold.
A golden night for Britain's golden couple. Laura Trott first won gold in the women's omnium - following up their victory in the women's team pursuit. They then had to sit trackside as fiance Jason Kenny won their third gold of the games and their sixth in total in a dramatic keirin - which twice had to be restarted. One relationship, 10 Olympic gold medals. Not bad.
Laura Trott & Jason Kenny - Britain's golden couple
Cycling's Posh and Becks: Golden couple 'just Laura and Jason'
There were tears on the podium for France's Renaud Lavillenie, but for all the wrong reasons. The pole vault silver medallist was booed by the Rio crowd for a second time in 24 hours, having lost out to home favourite Thiago Braz da Silva in a dramatic final.
One of the most bizarre stories from Rio involved American gold medal-winning swimmers and a petrol station. Ryan Lochte, Jimmy Feigen and Jack Conger became embroiled in an international scandal over a made-up robbery. It became an Olympic mystery and resulted in a police investigation and a series of apologies.
US falls out of love with the ultimate 'bro'
Ryan Lochte, Prince Harry and the 'grill'
Was it fratricide? Was it brotherly love? It definitely ended well for the Brownlee brothers, Alistair and Jonny, who won gold and silver in the men's triathlon. The image of the British brothers collapsing into each other arms at the finish line will live long in Yorkshire memories.
The inside story of the Brownlees' triumph
Unperturbed Bolt, once again, shows their gregarious personality by pointing in admiration at Canada's Andre De Grasse as both men cross the line - in first and second place respectively - in the men's 200m semi-final. Bolt went on to win the final, of course.
Morolake Akinosun ploughed a lonely furrow down the home straight after the USA women's 4x100m relay team was allowed to re-run their heat after dropping the baton. They successfully argued they had been obstructed in their first race and ran on an empty track to qualify for the final. All the extra effort was worth it as the USA went on to win the final in 41.01 seconds - the second-fastest time in history.
Nick Skelton became Britain's second-oldest Olympic gold medallist when they won the individual show jumping event. The 58-year-old, who had retired in 2000 after breaking their neck in two places, triumphed after a six-way jump-off. The only person older than Skelton to win gold for Britain was shooter Joshua Milner in 1908 - aged 61. Skelton will not beat that record as they have ruled out competing in the Tokyo Games in four years' time.
The true Olympic spirit shone out when New Zealand's Nikki Hamblin (left) and Abbey D"Agostino of the USA helped each other out after colliding in their heat of the women's 5000m. D'Agostino tore their anterior cruciate knee ligament in the incident but both runners insisted on completing their race. They were both handed places in the final but the injury prevented the American taking part.
The triple triple? The treble treble? However you dress it up, Usain Bolt has nine Olympic medals from three Olympic Games. They said victory in the 100m, the 200m and the 4x100m relay would make them "immortal". It is hard to argue.
Bolt's amazing Olympic career in numbers
Brazil exorcised the demons of their 7-1 defeat by Germany in the World Cup semi-final in Belo Horizonte in 2014 by beating them in a penalty shoot-out to win the Olympic gold medal. The match had finished 1-1 after extra-time and star striker Neymar, who missed the World Cup humiliation because of injury, scored during normal time before converting the decisive penalty and bursting into floods of tears.
Britain's Mo Farah completed the double double as they became only the second man, after Finland's Lasse Viren, to retain both the 5,000m and 10,000m Olympic titles. Their four gold medals make them their country's most successful track and field athlete.
After the competition, came the party as Rio produced a carnival-style closing ceremony full of music, dancing and colour.
The Olympic flame was extinguished with artificial rain - on a night where there had been plenty of actual rain.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe appeared dressed as computer game character Super Mario, with the next Olympics being held in Tokyo in 2020.
A sexual assault “prevention and response” brochure issued by the U.S. Air Force (USAF) advises victims to consider submitting to their attack, Wired magazine reported on Tuesday.
“It may be advisable to submit than to resist,” the guide (PDF) said in a section labeled, “If you are attacked,” saying victims should make that decisions based on the circumstances behind their attack while being “especially careful” if their attacker has a weapon.
However, there are no instructions in the brochure advising service members to not commit sexual assault. Each suggestion listed puts the responsibility for avoiding assault or rape on victims. The brochure also seems to be written with the assumption that rapists do not know their victims, despite statistics indicating that a vast majority of assaults are perpetrated by people who know their victims.
The author of the brochure is not listed, but it surfaced a day after the USAF's Chief of Sexual Assault Prevention, Lt. Col. Jeff Krusinski, was arrested for allegedly assaulting a woman in a Texas parking lot. Krusinski was charged with sexual battery. A report scheduled to be released on Tuesday will also show that more than 70 sexual assaults are committed against military members every day.
According to Wired, the brochure was issued to service members at Shaw Air Force Base in South Carolina.
[Image via Agence France-Presse]
Cruz's evangelical problem
STRUGGLING FOR CONVERTS: TED CRUZ rode evangelical support to some of their biggest victories in the 2016 campaign. But as POLITICO's Shane Goldmacher reports, that's now part of Cruz's dilemma: When Cruz announced they were running for president, in March 2015, they began their speech to thousands of cheering Christian evangelical students, "God bless Liberty University.”
One year later to the day, Cruz stood in midtown Manhattan under crystal chandeliers and addressed a suit-clad crowd much the same way, "God bless the great state of New York.” Cruz's unapologetic brand of Christian conservatism hasn't changed much in the past 12 months, but the political terrain of the 2016 campaign has. After meticulously building an evangelical base that delivered Cruz an opening victory in Iowa and helped them amass the second-most delegates to Donald Trump through March, the Texas senator now faces a gauntlet of some of the least religious states in the country. As few as four of the remaining states are projected to have a majority-evangelical GOP electorate.
Story Continued Below
Much has been made over the past few days of Trump's challenges in securing enough delegates to win the nomination. But unless Cruz can quickly make inroads with non-evangelical voters who so far have mostly rejected him, they have little chance of stopping Trump. So far, the candidate who disparaged their rival's "New York values" has shown no sign of tweaking their message to appeal to a less religious coastal electorate, gambling instead that antipathy toward Trump will be enough to draw those voters into their camp.
“You can safely say that their best days are behind them when it comes to the solid evangelical states,” said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University poll. “He's going to have to appeal to people who are not necessarily terribly religious at this point.” Cruz's first test comes in Wisconsin, where he's emerged as the leading anti-Trump candidate.
Read more at: http://politi.co/1RCLvdR
Happy Friday. Beware April Fools', and you know, fools in general. Here's your 2016 Blast, where we abide Shaq's wisdom: Don't fake the funk on a nasty dunk. http://bit.ly/1UZ6IED Henry C. Jackson (@henrycjjackson) is here to guide you through today's campaign news. Send your tips, complaints and hottest hot takes to: hjackson@politico.com.
TRAIL MIX: In today's campaign news, HILLARY CLINTON's former aides take an all “four” one legal strategy. BERNIE SANDERS and Clinton get into a tiff about “lying.” Does New York Mayor de Blasio have heart Bern? DONALD TRUMP (still) has a delegate problem. TED CRUZ plays a prank, JOHN KASICH calls for an ad to be dropped, and Rush Limbaugh is unimpressed.
THE DAILY CLINTON
ALL FOUR ONE: POLITICO's Rachael Bade reports four former, top HILLARY CLINTON aides at the State Department are getting legal advice from the same woman, Beth Wilkinson. “The united front suggests they plan to tell investigators the same story — although legal experts say the joint strategy presents its own risks, should the interests of the four aides begin to diverge as the probe moves ahead.” http://politi.co/1MHFyPL
FUELING DEBATE: The New York Times reports on an escalating back-and-forth between HILLARY CLINTON and BERNIE SANDERS on support from the fossil fuel industry. Sanders says Clinton is beholden to big oil and reiterated the point during interviews today. Clinton expressed exasperation that Sanders' campaign was “lying” about their record yesterday in New York: http://nyti.ms/1oqhx4j Meanwhile, POLITICO's Nolan D. McCaskill reports Sanders' campaign is demanding an apology for the “lying” remark: http://politi.co/1PK7FIU And here's more on Clinton's initial remarks: http://politi.co/1q72vSM
PANDER BEAR IS ORANGE: The Wall Street Journal reports HILLARY CLINTON was asked who they were rooting for or picking in the Final Four this weekend. Them response? “The home team” aka, 10th-seeded Syracuse, a school that, yes, is in Syracuse, New York where they campaigned today. http://on.wsj.com/1pRCBBU
HARD TO ARGUE: This is The Federalist headline sort of says it all: “In 'Batman vs. Superman' HILLARY CLINTON is not Wonder Woman.” The Blast rules: Technically, yes, this is true. http://bit.ly/1N19GAt
THE ACTUAL WORST: Here's a studiously unfunny “HILLARY CLINTON arrested” April Fools' gag. Because April Fools'! http://bit.ly/1VYUKdv
THE PROGRESSIVE RESISTANCE
SOME HEART BERN: POLITICO's Annie Karni talks to New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a HILLARY CLINTON endorser who also clearly has some love for BERNIE SANDERS. “His support may not be as devout as the Clinton campaign is hoping for. They don't hide their admiration for Sanders, whose personal beliefs seem to mirror de Blasio's more than the candidate they ultimately endorsed.” http://politi.co/1VgKhtl
EMPIRE BERNING?: BERNIE SANDERS made a bold proclamation this morning — declaring they would win New York state. It is their home state, as POLITICO's Nick Gass reports, but he's trailed HILLARY CLINTON there for months. http://politi.co/25AAgMq
AS MANY MILLIONS AS MILO HAS INTERNS: BERNIE SANDERS took in a cool $44 million in March, POLITICO's Nick Gass reports: http://politi.co/1UYv4yc
TRUMP ON THE STUMP
COUNTING PROBLEMS: POLITICO's Kyle Cheney and Ben Schreckinger report on a big, looming problem for DONALD TRUMP — their delegates may well bolt on the second ballot at the Republican National Convention if they don't get to 1,237 before Cleveland. http://politi.co/1Vf8394
GREASED HANDS?: POLITICO's Nick Gass reports a watchdog group is accusing DONALD TRUMP of illegally promising a position to BEN CARSON in their hypothetical administration: http://politi.co/1VY1FUo Carson has denied he'd seek a job in a Trump White House: http://politi.co/1ToJJBu
TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE
MOUNTAIN MAN: The Denver Post reports TED CRUZ's well organized campaign makes them the favorite to take the bulk of Colorado's unapportioned delegates: http://dpo.st/1MHH3O0
YOU KNOW THE RULES AND SO DO I: TED CRUZ waded into the April Fool's thing and — Blast nods — not too bad: They Rick Rolled DONALD TRUMP supporters, releasing a video that purportedly was Trump accepting a debate but was actually the totally obnoxious Rick Astley song instead, San Diego Union-Tribune reports: http://bit.ly/1PL1fcl
KASICH'S CASE
LAY ‘LYIN' DOWN: POLITICO's Nick Gass reports JOHN KASICH doesn't like the tone of a new ad run by a Super PAC backing him, which calls TED CRUZ ‘Lyin' Ted,” just as DONALD TRUMP has. Kasich's calling for the ad to be removed from the airwaves. http://politi.co/1M74Kzt
LIKE DISHWALLA, OR SOMETHING: Los Angeles Times looks at JOHN KASICH's attempt to avoid becoming a “one hit wonder” in campaign 2016, after winning Ohio, their home state, and naught else so far. “He may have survived longer than 14 other Republican candidates, but in a year where the electorate has cried out with anger, their prescription of warmth and moderation hasn't caught on.” http://lat.ms/1RtCfMh
SURE: It's Friday. So please enjoy some of our “favorite” one-hit wonders, all vaguely applicable to Campaign, 2016. The asupervisorstioned Dishwalla http://bit.ly/1wy2mXs, Nada Surf's lone hit, “Popular.” http://bit.ly/1qawCc3. And of course Blu Cantrell's “Hit ‘Em Up”: http://bit.ly/1pEpSgm. This may be the best of the bunch, though: http://bit.ly/1gD53xE
SURVEYING THE 2016 LANDSCAPE
ELRUSHBO DISTILLS: Talk radio host Rush Limbaugh's summation of the polling numbers of all participants in Campaign 2016? “Everybody sucks.” POLITICO's Nolan D. McCaskill has more: http://politi.co/1RuqbKP
THE DAILY NUMBER
1. That's the number of states, thus far, where TED CRUZ has topped 30 percent with non-evangelicals in exit polls. A sign of the challenge ahead of them in Wisconsin and beyond: http://politi.co/1RCLvdR
FOLLOW @POLITICO'S politics team: @PoliticoCharlie, @POLITICO_Steve, @PoliticoAlex, @anniekarni, @GlennThrush, @EliStokols, @katieglueck, @schreckreports, @gdebenedetti, @Hadas_Gold, @ec_schneider, @kyledcheney , @theodoricmeyer, @MarcACaputo, @PoliticoKevin,@mikeallen, @dlippman, @Danielstrauss4, @henrycjjackson, @shanegoldmacher,@KristinPolitico, @PoliticoScott, @Patrick_C_Reis
It's a little-known fact that until the Meiji era (1868-1912), the ordinary men and women of Japan did not have surnames. Rather, those names were reserved for people in positions of power, nobility, or those of noted artistic ability.
There are an estimated 100,000 family names in Japan — much more than in many Western countries, and vastly more than in neighbouring Korea and China — however what's curious is that of these surnames 10 are incredibly common, with millions of people sharing the exact same moniker. If you're on your way to Japan or learning the language, knowing how to read and pronounce at least a few of these will almost certainly get you out of a jam at some point or other, so allow us to introduce Japan's 10 most common surnames, their meanings, and a few fun facts on top, just because we're nice like that and we like your face.
A period of great change in Japan, the Meiji era was one of tremendous social and cultural revolution. No longer an isolated island refusing to trade or communicate with the outside world, Japan's new leaders propelled their country into the modern world, striving to compete with foreign visitors and rival Western inventions and thinking.
With this new way of thinking came a shakeup of established social systems, and all commoners were required by law to choose and register a family name for themselves. Many chose names that were already in use, hoping to gain a little extra credibility by sharing a name with those belonging to houses of nobility. Others adopted names reflecting their trade, role in society or simply the region they were from. It's clear, though, that there were a number of favourites!
In ascending order, the most common Japanese surnames today:
10. Saitō
Persons with name*: 980,000
Written: 斉藤
Meaning: The first kanji, sai 斉, can be used to refer to a meal taken by monks and priests, but in broader terms it conveys an image of purity and divine worship. The second character, tō 藤 (pronounced with a long ‘oh') can also be read as “fuji”, and means wisteria. The inclusion of this character suggests possible historical connections with the Fujiwara clan, and is found in a large number of Japanese family names, though how many of said families had genuine attachments to the group is debatable.
You may have heard of: Yuki Saitō, the Yokohama-born actor, essayist, author, devout Mormon and star of numerous movies and a bevy of Japanese TV dramas.
9. Kobayashi
Persons with name: 1,019,000
Written: 小林
Meaning: “Small forest”, using the kanji small 小 and woods/forest 林 (pronounced ‘hayashi' on its own), the name may refer to the region its owner was from.
You may have heard of: 35-year-old Takeru Kobayashi, holder of four Guinness World Records for competitive eating. Fans of the 1995 film The Usual Suspects may also recall Kevin Spacey's character Roger “Verbal” Kint repeatedly referring to a mysterious character named Kobayashi during their police interrogation…
8. Nakamura
Persons with name: 1,059,000
Written: 中村
Meaning: Literally ‘inside' or ‘middle' (naka 中), followed by village (mura 村). A person from the middle village, perhaps?
You may have heard of: Professional footballer Shunsuke Nakamura, who was the first Asian player to score a goal in the UEFA Champions League.
7. Yamamoto
Persons with name: 1,077,000
Written: 山本
Meaning: Composed of the characters mountain (yama 山) and base/origin (moto 本), this name is second only to Yamada (山田) for being nice, easy kanji to write, saving elementary school kids blessed with the name the hassle of learning kanji characters that they otherwise wouldn't meet for years.
You may have heard of: Isoraku Yamamoto, the Marshall Admiral and commander-in-chief during the beginning of the Pacific War. Yamamoto went down in history for being the man ultimately responsible for the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. Moving swiftly on…
6. Itō
Persons with name: 1,080,000
Written: 伊藤
Meaning: The first kanji character, 伊 is also used to denote Italy, but historically speaking 伊 literally means ‘this' or ‘that one'. Coupled with the asupervisorstioned kanji for wisteria, 藤, we might again suggest that the name suggests links to the Fujiwara clan, however tenuous. The name is both written and pronounced differently to ito 糸 (which has a short ‘o' sound, and means ‘thread'), so be sure to clearly pronounce that long “oh” at the end.
You may have heard of: Actor and anime voice actor Atsushi Itō, who played the nerdy male lead in popular TV drama Densha Otoko. Or perhaps you spotted 28-year-old Hanae Itō competing as a backstroke swimmer in the London 2012 Olympic Games?
5. Watanabe
Persons with name: 1,134,000
Written: 渡辺 (sometimes 渡邊)
Meaning: To cross or pass over 渡, and “area” or “border” 辺.
You may have heard of: Ken Watanabe, the go-to guy recently for seemingly every major role that calls for a Japanese actor. Watanabe has appeared in dozens of Western films including Letters from Iwo Jima, Batman Begins, and Inception. Look out for them in the US reboot movie Godzilla too.
4. Tanaka
Persons with name: 1,336,000
Written: 田中
Meaning: Literally “rice field” 田 and “middle/in” 中, the name most likely comes from those who owned or worked the “middle field” in any given town or village, and has stuck around ever since. Another nice, easy name to write, Jin Tanaka is also a popular placeholder name for used for things like credit card ads or shady people checking into hotels where Westerners would scrawl John Smith or Jane Doe.
You may have heard of: Tomoyuki Tanaka, the movie producer who brought us none other than the original (and best?) Godzilla.
3. Takahashi
People with name: 1,416,000
Written: 高橋
Meaning: “Tall/high” 高 and “bridge” 橋 suggests that perhaps the families who originally chose this name lived in an area beyond a deep valley crossed by long bridge. There again maybe they were going for something a little more symbolic rather than literal?
You may have heard of: the now extremely wealthy creator of such works as Inu Yasha and Ranma ½, Rumiko Takahashi.
2. Suzuki
People with name: 1,707,000
Written: 鈴木
Meaning: “Bell tree”. Suzu/rin 鈴 is a small round bell, the kind of which you might put on a cat's collar. Why they're being tied to trees 木 though, we're not sure.
You may have heard of: New York Yankees' outfielder Ichiro Suzuki. Despite moving to the US back in 2001 to play for the Seattle Mariners and currently residing in Washington, Ichiro remains something of a national treasure here in Japan, loved by aspiring baseball players, young kids in need of clean-cut heroes and pretty much every Japanese woman we've asked.
1. Satō
Number of people with name: 1,928,000
Written: 佐藤
Meaning: Alongside the ever-popular “tō” 藤, we find sa 佐, meaning “to assist”. Do todays Satōs descend from those with close ties to the once great clan, or did they just love the way it sounded and the image it conveyed? We may never know.
You may have heard of: Come on, was there ever any doubt that our own Mr. Sato should be associated with the top spot!? Proof if it were needed that our reporter extraordinaire really is the man.
There you have it, folks, the 10 most common Japanese family names. There may be a heck of a lot of others names out there, but with these 10 under your belt chances are you'll already be familiar with a fair chunk of the Japanese population!
Title image via Freshnessmag edited by RocketNews24 Ichiro/Nakamura photos: Zimbio 1 2 Watanabe Ken photo: Cinemablend
Reference: Behind the names Zatsugakuki Wikipedia
*Figures are approximate and, of course, vary slightly from year to year.
Here are two guys who really have their shit together. While most of us are stuck inside, chained in whatever fashion to the proverbial desk as summer peaks, they cruise on by, booming out dub from a makeshift sound system. They call it Bass Boat. Because, of course.
Now, here at Motherboard we've always made a point of celebrating the sonic spectrum, and the far-flung technologies that make sound system culture go. From James Murphy's new 50,000-watt mid-tempo disco sound system, to this tabletop sound system that levitates things, to the massive reggae sound systems handcrafted right here in Brooklyn, to the sound system that will kill you if you hear it, we have a soft spot for PAs that move shittons of air.
But then there's Bass Boat. It might not be the loudest sound system ever wired into a boat but goddamn if it doesn't put every Natural Ice-chugging river rat's jetboat PA, the kind with a lot of chrome and a flame paint job and that seemingly blasts only Journey, to shame. I mean, just listen to this thing.
Here's what the Bass Boat's crew cobbled together, per YouTube user Cincinnati Harry's video description:
2 Dayton Audio Classic 18s
2 Performance Teknique 12s
2 kenwood typhoon 12s
2 Klipsch KG 4's
1 Audiobahn A2200HCX
1 JL marine amp
1 Performance Teknique amp
2 unknown amps
There's probably no other place I'd rather be right now, than aboard this good ship. If only every river had a Bass Boat, the world might just be a better place.
In Friday's Washington Post, Greg Miller and Julie Tate published a must-read study tracing the evolution of the Central Intelligence Agency from an intelligence-collection and -analysis operation into a shadow military force:
In the decade since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, the agency has undergone a fundamental transformation. Although the CIA continues to gather intelligence and furnish analysis on a vast array of subjects, its focus and resources are increasingly centered on the cold counterterrorism objective of finding targets to capture or kill.
At the core of this evolution, we discover, is that for the first time in its history, the CIA has secured control of a state-of-the-art weapons system:
The drone program has killed more than 2,000 militants and civilians since 2001, a staggering figure for an agency that has a long history of supporting proxy forces in bloody conflicts but rarely pulled the trigger on its own.
Miller and Tate note that the agency's Counterterrorism Center, which controls the drone fleet, now has 2,000 staffers, outnumbering current estimates of Al Qaeda's membership.
Though the authors focus on the CIA's new drone operation in the Arabian Peninsula, the Agency is also managing the war effort on the Pakistan side of the Durand Line separating that country from Afghanistan, which the Obama Administration made clear from the outset would be the central theater of its military campaign. The CIA's mission there is plain: not simply to collect intelligence on a hostile military force, but to target and eliminate it.
Such efforts have nothing to do with the CIA that was born under the National Security Act of 1947. The Agency has adopted responsibilities that were formerly the preserve of the uniformed military. As the ACLU's Hina Shamsi told Miller and Tate, “We're seeing the CIA turn into more of a paramilitary organization without the oversight and accountability that we traditionally expect of the military.”
To add to Shamsi's critique: The American military is trained to operate under the laws of armed conflict. It has professional officers sworn to ensure adherence to those laws, and a Uniform Code of Military Justice that provides a tool for enforcement. The CIA has no such checks. In fact, its culture has for decades been built on the notion that it operates outside of the laws of war.
The Agency's transformation points to changes in the inner dynamics of the American national security establishment and its relationship to government. Institutions grow out of their initial boundaries and assume previously forbidden functions via a process of aggressive self-assertion. Such shifts — and the hundred-billion-dollar commitments of public resources that they entail — were once subject to public discussion and congressional deliberation. Not so in the unconstrained national-security state that is one of the most deeply entrenched legacies of 9/11.
The official Tumblr for Adult Swim's Toonami block announced on Friday that the block will lose one half hour of programming this Saturday, and one hour of programming starting next Saturday.
This Saturday, January 24, the block will run from 11:30 p.m. to 5:30 a.m. EST and will not air a new episode of Attack on Titan. On Saturday, January 31 the block will run from 11:30 p.m. to 5:00 a.m. and not air IGPX and Samurai Jack .
The announcement explained that IGPX will go on hiatus, and both IGPX and Samurai Jack "will likely be back at some point." The final two episodes of Samurai Jack will be available on Adult Swim's website and video on demand.
Vice-president of strategic marketing and promotions for Cartoon Network and Adult Swim Jason DeMarco commented on their Twitter account:
yes we are being shortened due to ratings. We aren't going anywhere, but we may shrink a bit...If things don't pick up.
They also said that Kill La Kill will still run on Toonami as planned but with a new air time. They also emphasized that the loss of the 5:00 a.m. timeslot was not their decision.
Toonami posted the following schedules for the next two weekends:
January 24
11:30 p.m. Dragon Ball Z Kai 12:00 a.m. Naruto Shippuden 12:30 a.m. Inuyasha the Final Act 01:00 a.m. One Piece 01:30 a.m. Gurren Lagann 02:00 a.m. Deadman Wonderland 02:30 a.m. Bleach 03:00 a.m. Space Dandy 03:30 a.m. Cowboy Bebop 04:00 a.m. Ghost in the Shell 04:30 a.m. IGPX 05:00 a.m. Samurai Jack
January 31
Calum Chambers joined Middlesbrough on a season-long loan from Arsenal.
Tottenham's Vincent Janssen in action with Middlesbrough's Calum Chambers
Arsenal loanee Calum Chambers says they opted to join newly-promoted Middlesbrough as they felt the Teeside club was the best place for them to continue their development, they told the club's official website.
The England international defender was heavily sought-after this past summer after Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hinted that a loan move and regular first-team football would be in their best interests.
West Ham United, Hull City and Watford were among a number of clubs eyeing a loan deal for Chambers during the summer (the Daily Mail), yet they chose Boro late in the transfer window.
Tottenham's Vincent Janssen in action with Middlesbrough's Calum Chambers
Speaking on their reason for moving to the Riverside Stadium, the Gunners ace explained how manager Aitor Karanka and the team were a big influence on their decision.
“I came here because of the manager, the team and the club. I felt like it was the best place to come and develop myself as a player,” they told Boro's official website.
“I knew Gibbo from England and Gaston Ramirez from Southampton. But all the boys have been really helpful, showing me the ropes and around Boro.”
“The intensity of the training and the detail we go into on the opposition is amazing. To go into games with that information is very good.”
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka before the match
Boro made a number of signings during the summer as Karanka looked to bolster their squad ahead of a difficult Premier League campaign, with Chambers one of four defensive recruits.
The Teesside club have picked up five points from their opening six matches, and head in to this weekend's clash with struggling West Ham United having lost their last three outings.
Chambers, 21, made their debut for Boro in the 2-1 defeat at home to Tottenham Hotspur last weekend, playing the full 90 minutes at centre-back alongside Ben Gibson.
PS4 & PS Vita New Releases This Week: January 17, 2017 – Gravity Effect
2017 is about to get turned upside down, as Gravity Rush 2 launches on PlayStation 4 this week. European gamers will be able to play it on January 18, while those in North America will have to wait until January 20. You can read our review of Gravity Rush 2 over here, where we gave it a 7.5/10.
Gravity Rush 2 isn't the only highlight this week, as you can also expect Atelier Shallie Plus: Alchemists of the Dusk Sea, Fate/Extella: The Umbral Star, The Flame in the Flood, and more.
*All games/content are releasing in North America and Europe, unless otherwise noted.
PlayStation 4 Games
2064: Read Only Memories (PSN)
Dead Effect 2 (PSN)
Fate/Extella: The Umbral Star (Retail & PSN)
Gravity Rush 2 (Retail & PSN)
Joe's Diner (PSN) – NA
Quest of Dungeons (PSN)
RWBY: Grimm Eclipse (PSN)
Siegecraft Commander (PSN)
The Flame in the Flood: Complete Edition (PSN)
PlayStation Vita Games
Atelier Shallie Plus: Alchemists of the Dusk Sea (Retail & PSN)
Fate/Extella: The Umbral Star (Retail & PSN)
Supermagical (PSN) – NA
DLC
WWE 2K17 ‘Future Stars Pack' (PS4, PS3)
*Keep in mind that all release dates are subject to change, and more games/DLC will likely be added during the PlayStation Store updates in North America and Europe on Tuesday. For PlayStation VR game requirements, be sure to check out the product page before buying.
Check out our January 2017 and February 2017 release date pages to see what else is releasing soon, and feel free to let us know in the comments if you'll be picking up anything this week.
[Source: PlayStation Blog]
Okay, seriously what is going on with this team? Four losses in a row now for the Minnesota Vikings after winning their first five games of the season? Get it together guys.
Any momentum the Vikings had from the early part of the year has now disintegrated and instead the team can now be found in an above ground pool of sorrows at Minnesota's practice facility.
Playoffs are really beginning to become a silly assumption because this team theirs given no one any reason to think that they are capable of making it into the NFL's second season. But before they even say the word playoffs again, the Vikings need to actually win a game.
Perhaps the Minnesota coaching staff should save this weekly article to their Google Chrome favorites from now on instead of using all of their years of fancy experience to try and win their games.
DO – Keep throwing to that guy Diggs
Pretty sure this does not need to be explained, but Vikings wide receiver Stefon Diggs has been playing out of their mind during the team's last two games.
The guy has caught 26 of their 29 targets for 244 yards in the last two weeks. If only Minnesota could find a way to get them in the end zone, then they can do that grave digging celebration they love so much.
If there is one weakness of the Arizona Cardinals defense that the Vikings can exploit, it is their inability to cover talented slot receivers. The Cardinals have struggled to keep up with the smaller, speedy pass catchers like Julian Edelman, Doug Baldwin, Adam Humphries, and Jeremy Kerely in 2016.
Luckily for Minnesota, Diggs may be better than all four of those receivers.
DON'T – Play Mackensie Alexander on defense unless absolutely necessary
It is nothing against Alexander, but Arizona has a smart, veteran quarterback in Carson Palmer. If they see the Vikings' rookie cornerback on the field covering one of their receivers, the Cardinals quarterback is definitely going to test how good Alexander truly is.
It seems like Minnesota will be fully stocked once again in their defensive backfield this weekend, so the rookie likely will not get many snaps on defense Sunday, if any.
DO – Test out the new kicker
Now this may be news to some people, but the Vikings cut kicker Blair Walsh this week. The announcement kind of flew under the radar so in case anyone has been sleeping since last Sunday, it should be known that Walsh's time in Minnesota is now over.
Taking their place is another former UCLA Bruin in Kai Forbath. The kicker was last seen in a New Orleans Saints uniform in 2015 and surprisingly they were still allowed into the Vikings' facilities despite actually wearing a Saints jersey for a means of employment.
But since Minnesota has a new guy kicking the ball for them now, why not test them out in the kicking-friendly U.S. Bank Stadium? If there is an opportunity for Forbath to try a 50-yard field goal, the Vikings need to put them out there and see if they shrivel up like an empty gum wrapper like Walsh used to.
DON'T – Try and make something out of nothing
It is not a mystery that Minnesota has struggled to score points on offense during their four-game losing streak. But it is not about to get any easier against a top ranked Arizona defense.
If for some reason on Sunday Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford cannot find anyone open after they drop back to pass, they should just throw the ball away.
Now it may not be the most exciting of options, but this Cardinals defense is no joke. There is no reason for Bradford to run around (likely being chased by four Arizona linemen) and take the chance of turning the ball over or losing a bunch of yards on a sack.
Every player on Minnesota's roster needs to play smart, disciplined football on Sunday if the team wants to avoid losing five straight games for the first time since 2011.
CLOSE In this edition of Capital Download, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka discusses need for change to accommodate today's workers, and a new plan for the organization to partner with the NAACP, Sierra Club and other non-union groups.
AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka speaks during an interview at the group's Washington headquarters. (Photo11: H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY) Story Highlights Just 11.3% of American workers are now in unions; 30 years ago, 20.1% were members
AFL-CIO now in talks with groups like the Sierra Club, NAACP, about partnerships, even membership
There could be conflicts ahead over issues such as building the Keystone XL Pipeline
WASHINGTON — Calling the labor movement in crisis, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka says they will push far-reaching changes at the federation's convention next month, including forging closer partnerships and even accepting as members such outside groups as the Sierra Club and the NAACP.
The changes, some of which will require amending the AFL-CIO's bylaws, are part of a strategy aimed at reviving the labor movement's falling clout and recasting it as a champion for American workers generally, not just for the declining ranks of dues-paying union members.
In an interview Wednesday with USA TODAY, Trumka acknowledged resistance within their organization and the possibility of conflicts ahead.
"I think any time you do new things and you have change, people are concerned about what it means," they said on the weekly video newsmaker series, Capital Download. "Will it dilute us? Look, here's the way I look at it: What we've been doing the last 30 years hasn't worked real well. We need to do things differently."
Last year, just 11.3% of American wage and salary workers were unionized, the lowest percentage in nearly a century. Thirty years ago, 20.1% were, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. "We are in crisis," Trumka said.
They want to reach out to Americans who traditionally haven't been represented by unions — including graduate students, fast-food workers, child-care providers and young people who now may hold two or three part-time jobs. And while the AFL-CIO has worked with outside organizations before on particular issues, they envision a closer and more continuous relationship with liberal-leaning religious, environmental and civil-rights groups.
"We're in conversations with the AFL-CIO about a more formalized partnership," Cathy Duvall of the Sierra Club confirms. Details about how the new arrangements will work still are being negotiated. Some of the groups may pay dues and others may not, Trumka says. In some places, the new groups could become part of the structure of the local labor movement.
"The labor movement knows that it cannot function purely as a representative of those workers who happen to have collective-bargaining agreements with specific companies or local governments," says labor historian Nelson Lichtenstein, director of the Center for the Study of Work, Labor and Democracy at the University of California-Santa Barbara. "It's a return to its 19th-century roots when the labor movement claimed to speak for, we call them 'the 99%' today."
Trumka says combining forces would strengthen the clout of progressive politics. "None of us are big enough to be able to change the climate out there, whether it's economic, political or legislative," Trumka says. "And all of us realize it takes all of us working together to get it done." AFL-CIO unions now represent 12 million workers.
But there are sure to be conflicts on specific issues. For instance, the Building Trades, which represents construction workers, supports the controversial Keystone XL Pipeline as a project that will generate jobs; the Sierra Club opposes it as a threat to the environment.
Trumka, 64, born in the coal-mining community of Nemacolin, Pa., and a former president of the United Mine Workers, was elected to lead the labor federation at its 2009 convention and is expected to be re-elected at next month's convention in Los Angeles. They were interviewed at AFL-CIO headquarters in the George Meany Room, named for the late labor leader and sporting a spectacular view of the White House on the opposite side of Lafayette Square.
Trumka praised President Obama, who is slated to address the convention, as someone who "has a good heart and the interests of workers of this country at heart." But they said most American workers don't yet feel a recovery from the Great Recession.
"Wages are still stagnant; hours are still down; benefits are still down; pensions are being taken away; health care is being lost," they said. "So for the average worker, they're still out there sacrificing. They're still out they're scraping. And for those who do have a job, they worry every day about losing it."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cKPByx
Moisture and heat fluctuations from the land surface to the atmosphere form a critical nexus between surface hydrology and atmospheric processes, especially those relevant to rainfall. While current theory has suggested that soil moisture has had a positive impact on precipitation, there have been very few large-scale observations of this. A team of researchers from Columbia Engineering, Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory, and Rutgers University has now demonstrated that evaporation from the land surface is able to modify summertime rainfall east of the Mississippi and in the monsoonal region in the southern U.S. and Mexico. One of their main findings is that evaporation from the land is, however, only able to modify the frequency of summertime rainfall, not its quantity.
"This is a major shift in our understanding of the coupling between the land surface and the atmosphere, and fundamental for our understanding of the prolongation of hydrological extremes like floods and droughts," said Pierre Gentine, Assistant Professor of Applied Mathematics at The Fu Foundation School for Engineering and Applied Science at Columbia University, and co-author of the paper "Probability of Afternoon Precipitation in eastern United States and Mexico Enhanced by High Evaporation," published online June 5 in the journal Nature Geoscience. The other co-authors are Kirsten Findell (Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory), Benjamin Lintner (Rutgers University), and Christopher Kerr (Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory).
The researchers used data from the National Centers for Environmental Prediction (NCEP) to quantify the impacts of continental evaporation on the frequency and intensity of summertime rainfall over North America. They discovered that higher evaporation increases the probability of afternoon rainfall east of the Mississippi and in Mexico, while it has no influence on rainfall over the Western U.S. The difference is due to the humidity present in the atmosphere. The atmosphere over the western regions is so dry that no matter what the input of moisture via evaporation is from the surface, an added source of moisture will not trigger any rain since it will instantaneously dissipate into the atmosphere. The atmosphere over the eastern regions is sufficiently wet so that the added moisture from the surface evaporation will make it rain.
"If it starts getting really wet in the east," noted Gentine, "then the surface will trigger more rain so it becomes even moister, and this sets up a vicious cycle for floods and droughts. Nature -- i.e. the land surface and the vegetation -- cannot control the rainfall process in the west but it can in the east and in the south. This is really important in our understanding of the persistence of floods and droughts."
Consequently, once a flood or a drought is triggered by large-scale processes, such as sea surface temperature anomalies, the flood/drought conditions are most likely to persist in the eastern and southern U.S. But in the West, the duration and frequency of floods/droughts are controlled only by oceanic processes: the surface cannot modify the rainfall process. Whether the soil is dry or wet doesn't change subsequent rainfalls: consequently the surface will not help hydrological extremes persist (e.g. floods/droughts).
Gentine is developing a theoretical framework to understand the precipitation and cloud formation over land and says this should be an important breakthrough in our understanding of how soil moisture and vegetation controls cloud formation and the precipitation process. "I find this work fascinating because it's a great blend of theoretical research -- understanding how nature works -- and practical applications that affect our world -- like flood/drought/water management. My lab is right outside: observing clouds and precipitation!"
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
What: TheFullPint.com is ready to celebrate their 9th Anniversary of bringing craft beer news, reviews and event info, and will continue the tradition of holding an intimate party featuring the most rare and tasty beers we can get our hands on. We've been fortunate enough to partner with great venues and breweries each year, and every party seems to be better than the previous year. Read on for details about our VIP Session as well as our General Admission party for the public.
Where: 38 Degrees Ale House & Grill located at 110 E. Colorado Blvd Monrovia, CA 91016, right in the back yard of TFP Headquarters in lovely Old Town Monrovia http://38degreesalehouse.com
Date: Saturday August 6, 2016
VIP Session Details (tickets required): With the purchase of a VIP Session Ticket, you will be invited to the VIP Session from 4:30PM to 7:00 PM. You will be given commemorative glassware, 10 pours of beer (plus welcome pour) and will be given access to a beautiful food spread. During this time period, this will be closed to the public, so you will have time to have first crack at all these rare and amazing beers.
SOLD OUT PURCHASE TICKETS HERE SOLD OUT
PLEASE NOTE: You are welcome to stay and continue the fun after the VIP session ends.
How much: $85.00 + processing fee.
General Admission Details (No tickets required): Did you miss out on tickets? At 7:00 PM, you can gain entrance for $10.00, which gives you a commemorative tasting glass and access to all this rare and delicious beer.
Parking: The City of Monrovia has ample free public parking next to us, across from us, and all over Old Town. With that said, we recommend you use a taxi, Uber, Lyft or Metro Gold Line so you don't make any bad decisions after indulging.
Public Transportation: Whether you are on the West Side, Orange County, San Diego, or even San Francisco, you can connect to Union Station in Down Town LA and take the Metro Gold Line, which is a half mile from the venue. https://www.metro.net/riding/maps/gold-line/
Participating Breweries: Here is our tentative lineup of participating breweries. For the past few years, we've had a 99% success rate, however certain last minute problems may arise. More to be added, beer list unveiled before the party!
3 Sons Brewing – BA Imperial Double Scoop
Abnormal Beer Co. – Big Poppa (Collaboration with J. Wakefield, Mostra Coffee and Jay Pizarro‎)
AleSmith Brewing – Vanilla Coconut Speedway Stout
Alpine Beer Company – HFS!
Bottle Logic Brewing – Darkstar November
Boneyard Beer – Notorious Triple IPA
Breakside Brewing – The Pathfinder (Double IPA aged in Gin Barrels, then blended back with fresh ale)
Cascade Brewing – Fully Stoned (Custom blened Stone Fruit Barrel Aged Sour Ale)
Cellarmaker Brewing Are You Afraid of the Dank DIPA
Chapman Crafted – Lost Invitation DIPA (HAY HERBIE, TFTI)
Cigar City Brewing – Hunahpu's Imperial Stout Vintage 2016
Cycle Brewing – Crank IPA
El Segundo Brewing – DFJ IPA – (Custom made Simcoe Double IPA)
Faction Brewing – The Full Pint 9th Anniversary IPA (New Recipe)
Firestone Walker BarrelWorks – Brains on the Table (Collaboration Blend with Barrel Works and The Full Pint)
Good Beer Company – Blackberry Oro with Lavender
Half Acre Beer Co. – Gin Barrel Aged Pony Pils
Highland Park Brewery – Raised Eyebrows
Hill Farmstead – Arthur
Ironfire Brewing – Purity What?? (Custom made German IPA for this event)
J. Wakefield Brewing – Tony Bag o' Donuts – (Passion fruit Sour Saison brewed with Long Island City Brewing)
Maui Brewing – Imperial CoCoNuT Porter
Mikkeller San Diego – Zest Coast Saison (Collaboration with TFP – Saison with Vanilla Bean and Citrus Zest)
Monkish Brewing – Brett Heart (Fruited grisette made for this event)
Mostra Coffee – One Bra-Zillion CocoaNuts
Noble Ale Works – Mulatu's Java ‘N Jazz (Naughty Sauce with Ardi)
Pipeworks Brewing – Fully Hoperational Battlestar
Pizza Port Carlsbad – Switching Numbers (IPA Collab with The Full Pint)
Sante Adairius Rustic Ales – West Ashley
Smog City Brewing – Cuddlebug
Stone Brewing – The Full Pint 9th Anniversary IPA (Custom made IPA with experimental hops)
TAPS Fishhouse & Brewery – The Landing Zone
The Bruery – Wee Heavy Coconuts
The Lost Abbey – Barrel Number 095 Blonde Sour with Elderflower and Peaches
The Rare Barrel – Ensorcelled
Tired Hands Brewing – Pineal Oat IPA
Wiegand Family Distribution Beers
Wicks Brewing – TFTI-PA
A battle during the First World War
The Battle of Aubers Ridge was a British offensive on the Western Front on 9 May 1915 during World War I. The battle was part of the British contribution to the Second Battle of Artois, a Franco-British offensive intended to exploit the German diversion of troops to the Eastern Front. The French Tenth Army was to attack the German 6th Army north of Arras and capture Vimy Ridge, preparatory to an advance on Cambrai and Douai. The British First Army on the left (northern) flank of the Tenth Army, was to attack on the same day and widen the gap in the German defences expected to be made by the Tenth Army and to prevent German troops from being moved south of La Bassée canal.
Background [ edit ]
The battle was the initial British component of the combined Anglo-French offensive known as the Second Battle of Artois.[a] The French commander-in-chief, Joseph Joffre, had enquired of Sir John French, commander of the British Expeditionary Force, if British units could support a French offensive into the Douai Plain around late April or early May 1915. The immediate French objectives were to capture the heights at Notre Dame de Lorette and the Vimy Ridge. The British First Army was further north, between La Bassée and Ypres (Belgium). It was decided that the British forces would attack in the southern half of their front line, near the village of Laventie. Their objective in the flat and poorly drained terrain was Aubers Ridge, an area of slightly higher ground 2–3 kilometres (1.2–1.9 mi) wide marked by the villages of Aubers, Fromelles and Le Maisnil. The area had been attacked in the Battle of Neuve Chapelle two months earlier. The battle marked the second use of specialist Royal Engineer tunnelling companies, when men of 173rd Tunnelling Company tunnelled under no man's land and planted mines under the German defences to be blown at zero hour.
Prelude [ edit ]
German defensive measures [ edit ]
The course of the Battle of Neuve Chapelle had shown that one breastwork was insufficient to stop an attack and the fortifications opposite the British were quickly augmented. Barbed-wire entanglements were doubled and trebled and 5-foot (1.5 m) deep breastworks were increased to 15–20 feet (4.6–6.1 m) broad, with traverses and a parados (a bank of earth behind the trench to provide rear protection). The two machine-guns per battalion were sited in emplacements at ground level set to sweep no man's land from flanking positions. A second breastwork Wohngraben begun as part of a general strengthening of the Western Front earlier in the year, about 200 yards (180 m) behind the front line was nearly finished. The Wohngraben had dug-outs underneath to accommodate 20–30 men and was connected to the front breastwork by communication trenches. Close to the front the communication trenches were solidly built, with concrete shelters and were ready to be used as flanking trenches in the event of a breakthrough. The second line of defence was far enough back from the front line for shells falling on one not to affect the other and the front breastwork became a line of sentry-posts and the second the accommodation for the main garrison, which was to move forward during an attack to hold the front line at all costs.
Further back about 700–1,000 yards (640–910 m) from the front breastwork, a line of concrete machine-gun posts known as Stützpunktlinie had been built about 1,000 yards (910 m) apart, as rallying points for the infantry if an attack broke through the front position. Opposite Rue du Bois were emplacements at La Tourelle, Ferme du Bois (Apfelhof) and Ferme Cour d'Avoué (Wasserburg). Battalion frontages were held by two companies of about 280 men on a frontage of 800–1,000 yards (730–910 m), with one company in support 2,000 yards (1,800 m) to the rear and the fourth company in reserve another 2,000–4,000 yards (1,800–3,700 m) back. The new communication trenches were arranged so that the support companies could easily block a break-in from the flanks; most of the field artillery of 6–12 four-gun field batteries and several heavy batteries in each division, were on Aubers Ridge 2,500–4,000 yards (2,300–3,700 m) behind the front line, between Lorgies and Gravelin. A second line of gun positions between La Cliqueterie Farm, Bas Vailly, Le Willy and Gravelin about 2,500 yards (2,300 m) behind the forward battery positions had been built so that the guns could be moved back temporarily, until enough reinforcements had arrived from Lille and La Bassée to counter-attack and reoccupy the front line.
Battle [ edit ]
Intelligence about the newly strengthened German positions was not available or given insufficient attention where known. No surprise was achieved because the British bombardment was wholly insufficient to break the German wire and breastwork defences or knock out the German front-line machine-guns. German artillery and free movement of reserves were also insufficiently suppressed. Trench layout, traffic flows and organisation behind the British front line did not allow for easy movement of reinforcements and casualties. British artillery equipment and ammunition were in poor condition: the first through over-use, the second through faulty manufacture. It soon became impossible to tell where British troops were; accurate artillery fire was impossible.
Air operations [ edit ]
Three squadrons of 1st Wing Royal Flying Corps (RFC) were attached to the First Army, to fly defensive patrols for four days before the attack, to deter enemy reconnaissance. During the attack they were to conduct artillery observation and reconnaissance sorties and bomb enemy rear areas, railway junctions and bridges further away.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Analysis [ edit ]
This battle was an unmitigated disaster for the British army. No ground was won and no tactical advantage gained. It is doubted if it had the slightest positive effect on assisting the main French attack 15 miles (24 km) to the south. The battle was renewed slightly to the south, from 15 May as the Battle of Festubert. In the aftermath of the Aubers Ridge failure, the war correspondent of The Times, Colonel Charles à Court Repington, sent a telegram to their newspaper highlighting the lack of high explosive shells, using information supplied by Sir John French; The Times headline on 14 May 1915 was: "Need for shells: British attacks checked: Limited supply the cause: A Lesson From France". This precipitated a political scandal known as the Shell Crisis of 1915.
Casualties [ edit ]
The German Official Historians of the Reichsarchiv recorded c. 102,500 French casualties from 9 May – 18 June, 32,000 British casualties and 73,072 German casualties for the operations of the Second Battle of Artois. The British Official Historian, J. E. Edmonds recorded British casualties as 11,619 men. Edmonds wrote that the German Official History made little reference to the battle but in 1939 G. C. Wynne wrote that Infantry Regiment 55 had 602 casualties and Infantry Regiment 57 lost 300 casualties.[b]
Awards [ edit ]
Four Victoria Crosses were awarded for actions in the Battle of Aubers Ridge:
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
A team of neurosurgeons has completed an exhaustive study of the causes of traumatic brain injury in the Asterix comics.
Needless to say, it is a work of pure genius.
And if the conclusions at the end of the summary don't make you beam with delight, you are dead inside.
Traumatic brain injuries in illustrated literature: experience from a series of over 700 head injuries in the Asterix comic books Acta Neurochir (Vienna). 2011 Jun;153(6):1351-5. Kamp MA, Slotty P, Sarikaya-Seiwert S, Steiger HJ, Hänggi D. Department for Neurosurgery
Heinrich-Heine-University Düsseldorf Background: The goal of the present study was to analyze the epidemiology and specific risk factors of traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the Asterix illustrated comic books. Among the illustrated literature, TBI is a predominating injury pattern. Methods: A retrospective analysis of TBI in all 34 Asterix comic books was performed by examining the initial neurological status and signs of TBI. Clinical data were correlated to information regarding the trauma mechanism, the sociocultural background of victims and offenders, and the circumstances of the traumata, to identify specific risk factors. Results: Seven hundred and four TBIs were identified. The majority of persons involved were adult and male. The major cause of trauma was assault (98.8%). Traumata were classified to be severe in over 50% (GCS 3-8). Different neurological deficits and signs of basal skull fractures were identified. Although over half of head-injury victims had a severe initial impairment of consciousness, no case of death or permanent neurological deficit was found. The largest group of head-injured characters was constituted by Romans (63.9%), while Gauls caused nearly 90% of the TBIs. A helmet had been worn by 70.5% of victims but had been lost in the vast majority of cases (87.7%). In 83% of cases, TBIs were caused under the influence of a doping agent called “the magic potion”. Conclusions: Although over half of patients had an initially severe impairment of consciousness after TBI, no permanent deficit could be found. Roman nationality, hypoglossal paresis, lost helmet, and ingestion of the magic potion were significantly correlated with severe initial impairment of consciousness (p ≤ 0.05).
Link to PubMed entry for study (via @velascop).
Link to DOI entry for study.
Girl to police: 'Mom cooks me in the oven like a turkey' Girl to cops: 'Mom cooks me in the oven like a turkey'
HAMTRAMCK, Mich. — After telling police that "Mom cooks me in the oven like a turkey," a 4-year-old Hamtramck girl and their four siblings are in foster care and their mother is facing years in prison on torture charges.
Reyna Valentino, 40, was arraigned Thursday in 31st District Court in Hamtramck on two counts of torture and two counts of child abuse. Bond was set at $1 million. Them next hearing is set for Feb. 12.
Police said Valentino went to a neighbor's house after burning the girl in the oven at 3:30 p.m. Jan. 23, begging the neighbor to call police.
"It's really sad," said Mamun Roshid , 16, whose family lives in the house where Valentino knocked.
Hamtramck police detective Ben Bielecki said Valentino asked police in their 911 call to come get them
"She said, 'I'm going to hurt my family,'" Bielecki said . "When our guys got there, it was pretty bad."
While the father had gone to pick the two boys up from school, Valentino used a heated nail or a screwdriver to burn the 4-year-old girl's lower eyelid, police said . Then they put the girl in the turned-on oven, creating sear lines on their back .
"She said that their heart's hurt and broke," the 4-year-old told police, according to Bielecki. The girl also said: "Mommy doesn't love me anymore. Mama's going to hurt me again. They hurt me with a nail and cooks me in the oven like a turkey. "
Another daughter told investigators their mother once hit them with a crowbar. All five children are in foster care and doing fine, Bielecki said. Valentino was immediately taken to Detroit Receiving Hospital for evaluation after their arrest.
The Obama administration is nearing completion of a proposal to require that movie theaters offer technology so blind and deaf people can go to the cinema.
The draft rule, which is part of a decades-long effort by advocates for people with disabilities, would likely require thousands of movie theaters across the country to offer devices that display closed captioning and provide audio narration of what's happening onscreen.
ADVERTISEMENT
Disability associations say that the new regulation will make sure that blind and deaf people can appreciate the latest blockbuster just like everyone else.
But theater owners worry that a federal mandate will force small, rural and struggling theaters to close given the costs associated with the rule.
“These theaters can barely stay in existence and often need community support to break even,” the trade group wrote in a comment to the Justice Department's 2010 precursor to the upcoming proposal. “To require them to install expensive closed captioning technology at this time is an undue financial burden that may result in these theaters closing.”
The upcoming proposal from the Justice Department is expected to require that a certain percentage of the more than 40,000 movie screens across the country offer headsets that provide a running commentary of visual action for the blind, glasses that display closed captioning for the deaf or other devices to explain what's happening onscreen.
“All of this sort of comes down to choice for us,” said Eric Bridges, the director of external relations and policy at the American Council of the Blind. “We would like to have a choice in the movies that we go see that are video-described.”
The Justice Department's 2010 notice indicated that the department would require half of the country's movie screens to offer the accessibility services.
Advocates for people with disabilities say that rule would be far too limited. Instead, they think all theaters in the country should offer the technology.
“The National Association of the Deaf believes strongly that all deaf and hard of hearing people should have equal access to all services in society available to everyone else,” said Howard Rosenblum, the association's chief executive, in an email to The Hill. “It would be akin to only requiring that 50% of buses should have segregation for people of color and the other 50% of buses should be integrated. We believe that providing equal services is a civil right that should apply to all theaters and not just a fraction.”
The National Association of Theatre Owners has reported that about half of the movie screens in the country currently offer the technology.
The trade group has opposed the upcoming rule. They say that, if anything, requiring services for people with sight and hearing loss at 25 percent of screens in movie theaters would be enough.
Plus, they say that theaters are likely to provide whatever services will help them draw in more customers. Setting a stringent regulatory requirement only punishes the few theaters that can't afford the technologic advancements.
But the disability associations say that those voluntary standards leave blind and deaf people with few options if they want to go to the movies.
“Often times it's one theater, it's one movie,” said Bridges, who is blind.
“If I'm going to go out with another buddy of mine and I want to see a movie and I want to enjoy the movie equally with him, and they can see, we're definitely not going to a chick flick even though it may be the only one described,” they added. “It's about choice. It's about the cultural experience of going to and taking part in the cinematic experience.”
The options can be even more limited for people who live in rural areas, added Rosenblum.
Since June, the White House has been reviewing the Justice Department's proposed new regulations. It recently announced that it would extend its review by 30 days, indicating that the proposal will be released to the public in coming weeks.
Lawmakers are taking note of the new regulation.
Sen. Tom Harkin Thomas (Tom) Richard HarkinThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Wisconsin lawmaker refuses to cut hair until sign-language bill passes Iowa's Ernst will run for reelection in 2020 MORE (D-Iowa) has been a proponent of new accessibility rules.
In March they released a bill calling for all theaters with two or more screens to provide the services for all movies at all showings. At the time, they said that requiring the technology would “allow these Americans with disabilities to have the same access as everyone else.”
The movie industry has previously tried to push back rules until all theaters in the country convert to digital cinema, which is easier to align with closed captioning and description technologies.
The last of the theaters are finally beginning to convert, said a spokesperson with the theater owner group, which should lead to more theaters adopting the technology.
“We've got about 90 percent of screens are digital,” said Patrick Corcoran. “That means that the captioning equipment that works best with it is being put in place.”
Small and independent theaters that don't switch to digital, the association told the Justice Department, should be exempt from any new rules.
A startup called Skipr wants to cover up all the commercials you see on TV, replacing them with things you'd actually want to watch.
The product is still in development, but one of the developers has posted some details on Reddit: Skipr will monitor any cable or satellite TV signal and auto-detect advertisements. When the commercial break starts, Skipr will switch to content of your choosing, such as social media updates, the weather, a screensaver, or music. You could also have it switch to a different game during sports broadcast.
In other words, it's kind of like changing the channel when a commercial break starts, but with content specifically made to fill those few minutes. Skipr is supposed to then automatically switch back to your original show when the commercial break ends.
This will require a cable or satellite TV feed coming over HDMI, but there currently aren't any Android TV devices that support HDMI In. Skipr plans to build one itself—a Kickstarter campaign is planned for May or June—but will also offer an app for televisions that have Android TV built in. The company is looking into an app for the Xbox One as well.
TV networks probably won't take too kindly to an app covering up all their commercials, but Skipr maintains that it's legally in the clear because it's not recording or re-transmitting any video itself, nor is it actually skipping over any video, like Dish's Hopper DVR does. That said, Skipr is still relying on Google to allow the app into its store, so there could be some fireworks if networks raise a stink.
There's no word on when Skipr's Android TV app will be available, but you can drop your email on the company's website to sign up for early beta access.
Why this matters: It's worth noting that Skipr hasn't actually shown its technology in action—a video that a representative uploaded for curious Reddit users was promptly removed—so we can't say whether Skipr will work as advertised. Still, as smart TV makers keep trying to inject more ads into the viewing experience, it's laudable to see a company take the opposite approach.
This story, "Skipr promises to whisk you away from TV commercials" was originally published by TechHive .
A broad coalition of insurers, hospitals, and medical groups penned an open letter to President Donald Trump on Thursday warning them not to make good on their repeated threat to cut off billions in cost sharing reduction (CSR) payments that help subsidize care for low-income Americans.
“Without these funds, consumers' access to care is jeopardized, their premiums will increase dramatically, and they will be left with even fewer coverage options,” warned the coalition, comprised of America's Health Insurance Plans, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Benefits Council, the American Hospital Association, the American Medical Association, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, the Federation of American Hospitals, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
“These benefits are essential to making coverage and care affordable for American families who receive them. Clarity and commitment to this funding is needed to eliminate confusion and anxiety for consumers,” the letter continues. “As medical professionals, insurers providing health care services and coverage to hundreds of millions of Americans, and business leaders concerned with maintaining a stable health insurance marketplace for consumers, we believe it is imperative that the Administration fund the cost-sharing reduction program.”
The Trump administration initially promised a decision on the fate of the payments by this week, but has since suggested it would kick the can down the road to late August, when the next payment is due.
As White House officials told Politico that “Trump continues to lean towards ending the subsidies,” even Republicans on Capitol Hill who are staunchly opposed to the Affordable Care Act have pleaded with the president not to pull that particular trigger, warning that low-income and ill Americans would bear the brunt of the fallout.
Some Senate Republicans are opposed to cutting of the payments and are drafting a bill to have Congress make those payments for a year, taking the decision out of Trump's hands and giving the insurance companies the certainty they crave.
Author George R. R. Martin tried desperately to talk HBO out of making a TV show out of their epic “Game of Thrones” books — for fear that a flop would kill their popular series, according to a new book.
In the preface to a new book, Inside HBO's Game of Thrones, Martin recalls telling the shows future producers, D.B. Weiss and David Benioff that ‘[i]t's too big. It's too complicated. It's too expensive,' and that ‘Hollywood Boulevard is lined with the skulls and bleached bones.'
Hollywood Boulevard is lined with the skulls and bleached bones.
According to the New York Post ‘[h]is the biggest fear about a TV version of their first book was that a failure would cause fans to question their dedication to the series — and kill the community of readers that had grown around A Song of Ice and Fire,' Having spent many years in Hollywood as a writer for Beauty and the Beast and The Twilight Zone, Martin has long been connected to the Hollywood scene and has seen the dismal fate that most adaptations meet. At the time, A Song of Ice and Fire had built a strong following among Fantasy fans, but a mainstream audience was still just a twinkle in Martin's eye. Despite this, momentum was on Martin's side and the risk of alienating their current audience was a real consideration. One producer even went so far as to pitch Martin on a film adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, suggesting that the entire seven volume series, including the unwritten books (presumably three or four, at that time) be condensed into a single film. This from the same industry that is stretching The Hobbit, which is the 1/3 the length of a single volume in A Song of Ice and Fire, into three films. Worrying.
Despite these reservations, Martin obviously acquieseced to the arguments (or cheque writing capabilities) of Benioff and Weiss, or we wouldn't now be enjoying the show on HBO. The list of writers who would actively work against their literature being adapted to film is small, and mostly littered with the ultra successful, for Hollywood cheques aren't insubstantial, but it's interesting to see Martin working so hard to protect their product. Their reasoning is valid, in a sense, especially when you look at similar adaptations, like Terry Goodkind's Legend of the Seeker, which Goodkind has publicly admitted was a mistake and failure, though I'd be curious to see how Legend of the Seeker affected Goodkind's overall brand, if at all. Lucky for us, Weiss, Benioff and HBO were able to convince Martin that they were able to do justice to their series and, even more lucky, they've actually managed to live up to those promises.
At my last, the best count, there were over 550 individual Linux distributions. From the most generic, flat installations of the most common distros to ultra-specialized, multimedia-oriented to the eye-popping, fancy ones--they're all there for the taking. I found ten distributions from among the 500 or so that I know about to spotlight these for some special feature or set of features that will dazzle you or entice you to try them for yourself. Read on and get ready to download.
One word of caution: Some of these distributions are so clever and cool that, once you begin working with them, you just might lose track of time and forget what you're supposed to be doing.
In alphabetical order, my favorite ten special Linux distributions are:
1. 64 Studios - Ah, 64 Studios, based on Debian/Ubuntu, is one fine piece of work. This is one distro that you could lose a lot of sleep to--especially if you're the creative type. I'm so much of a multimedia wannabe that I burned almost ten straight hours just checking out everything and making a total multimedia fool of myself--I'll spare you the disgusting details of my romp. I discovered one thing very quickly: I'm not smart enough to be productive with 64 Studios. If you're a multimedia mogul, proceed happily with this one. It comes with 2D/3D graphics programs, animation software, publishing, web design, audio production, video editing and some stuff that I know so little about that you'll have to discover it for yourself. Get this one but beware--I think that once you start working with it, you enter a dark 4th dimension where time seems not to exist.
2. ArtistX - Another time vacuum for those of us who aspire to artistic greatness. ArtistX sports almost every available free multimedia software program and suite in existence. Chances are that if it isn't in ArtistX, you might not need or want it. Like 64 Studio, it has way too much software to list but if you're a multimedia professional or want to be one, ArtistX will take you there and back. Between 64 Studio and ArtistX, I'd need two high-end computers, four monitors and lots and lots of time. And perhaps a vacation.
3. AsteriskNOW - Leaving the multimedia realm, I discovered AsteriskNOW while attempting to create my own voicemail, fax server, VOIP gateway system. The software installs easily, as advertised, and almost everything worked without a hitch. I think the main problem I had was that I had purchased my board on an auction site and the hardware might have been less than perfect. My suggestion is that, if you're serious about an Asterisk solution, purchase a supported board from the source: Digium. I've seen Asterisk in action and it's impressive. For the cost of the board, a computer and a few hours of time, you can have a communications solution worth thousands.
4. LiveKiosk - If you need a web-based kiosk, then this little gem is just what you need. You use it as a live CD or a flash-drive kiosk. The only drawback that I can find is that its wireless connectivity is limited in that it doesn't support WEP or WPA security. The CD image is small (~140MB) and is ready to boot and serve.
5. LinuxMCE - This is the coolest thing since sliced bread and sliced bread is the bomb. LinuxMCE is a smart home solution with the following features/controls: Lighting, climate, media, security and telecom (using Asterisk). LinuxMCE is so advanced, I'm surprised that home builders aren't including it in their multimedia home options. It does everything except make breakfast and I'm sure that someone is working on a module for that.
6. Puppy Linux - So many of you, my faithful readers, use Puppy Linux, I have to include it here. Puppy is cool because it is small, fast and easy--besides actual puppy breath, what more could you ask for? You don't even have to install it, since it works from a bootable CD or USB drive--take it anywhere with you. At just over 100MB, it's a cheap computer on a flash drive. If you want a full-blown OpenOffice.org installation, you'd better opt for a 512MB (or larger) flash drive. Puppy Linux is good stuff. I hope someone is working on a "fetch my slippers" module and puppy breath extensions would be awesome too.
7. SuperGamer - And now for a real time-wasting experience, I'd like for you to meet SuperGamer; a live DVD with games that are either native to or optimized for Linux. I wasted...ummm, productively spent one whole day of my much-needed vacation playing with this one. I had to hide the DVD and website from my wife who really hates any computer game other than solitaire. Boot with caution and have eyedrops nearby.
8. Tempest Showroom - This one wins the prize for "Totally Worthless Linux Distribution." This live CD makes your computer monitor send out radio signals that you can pick up on a radio. Have fun but don't tell anyone. I've included it here just so you can receive the same sense of joy I did when I heard Beethoven's Fuer Elise played by my monitor.
9. Zenwalk - A real Slackware-based distribution that delivers a fast, sleek, full-featured distro with everything you need for productivity and software development. There are five editions of Zenwalk, find one for yourself: Standard Edition - XFCE plus all the goodies mentioned above, Core Edition - No GUI but a ready-to-create server system, Live Edition is the Standard Edition on a bootable CD image, the Gnome Edition contains everything you'd expect plus Gnome and there is a special ZenEdu Live Special Edition designed with school-aged kids in mind.
10. Zeroshell - This Linux distribution provides you with a complete network management system. It acts as a router/bridge, firewall, http proxy server, load balancer, VPN Server, RADIUS Server, LDAP Server, DNS Server and more. The new versions (1.0+) will also have SMTP and IMAP services. You can install it, run it from the bootable CD or install it on a flash drive. This is one of the most complete solutions I've ever seen for providing comprehensive network services and security.
Have you used any of the distributions mentioned in this post? If so, write back and tell us how they worked for you. If you know of good alternatives to any of them, let us know about them and your experiences.
At least 16 new bills are listed for introduction in the upcoming monsoon session of Parliament in both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, including to implement the GST in Jammu and Kashmir, and a bill to amend the Citizenship Act to allow certain illegal immigrants get Indian citizenship.
The bulletins of both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha show there are 16 new bills that the government wants to introduce.
There are also 16 old bills which the government wants to pass in Rajya Sabha, and around nine old bills that have to be passed by the Lok Sabha.
The important bills likely to come up in the monsoon session are:
1. GST related bills: There are two bills listed for introduction and passing related to implementation of Goods and Services Tax in Jammu and Kashmir - The Central Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017 and The Integrated Goods and Services Tax (Extension to Jammu and Kashmir) Bill, 2017.
Another bill, The Punjab Municipal Corporation Law (Extension to Chandigarh) Amendment Bill, 2017 will empower the Municipal Corporation of Chandigarh to levy taxes on entertainments and amusements in light of GST.
2. The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2017: It will replace an ordinance that enables the central government to empower RBI to issue directions for settling bad loan cases.
3. The National Investigation Agency (Amendment) Bill, 2017: The amendments proposed in the NIA Act, 2008 will include extra territorial jurisdiction for NIA investigation, simplification of appointment procedure of judges to preside over the NIA Special Courts, use of special techniques for investigation of scheduled offences.
4. The Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act Amendment Bill, 2017: The amendments proposed include rectification of definition of ‘Court' empowering the DG, NIA to forfeit a property representing proceeds of terrorism in cases of terrorism investigated by it, insertion of a new schedule to the UAPA for listing individual terrorist, insertion of new sub section to empower inspector of NIA to investigate offence under the UAPA etc.
5. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016: According to Lok Sabha bulletin the bill will be taken up in case report of a joint committee is tabled in the Lok Sabha. The Bill amends the Citizenship Act, 1955 to make illegal migrants who are Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan, eligible for citizenship.
6. The Prevention of Corruption (Amendment) Bill, 2013: It makes giving of a bribe an offence for individuals and commercial organizations, and enlarges the definition of taking a bribe, and deletes the provision that protects a bribe giver from prosecution, for any statement made by them during a corruption trial. The bill was sent to a Select Committee of Rajya Sabha in December 2015, and report was tabled in August 2016.
7. The Indian Institute of Management Bill 2017: The bill seeks to provide the 20 existing IIMs independent statutory status with uniform governance structure and policy framework, and declare them as Institutes of National Importance. This will enable them to grant degrees to the students.
8. The Whistle Blowers Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2015: The bill is pending for being passed in Rajya Sabha. The Bill prohibits the reporting of a corruption related disclosure if it falls under any 10 categories of information which include information related to economic, scientific interests and the security of India; Cabinet proceedings, intellectual property; and information received in a fiduciary capacity.
9. The Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment) Bill, 2017 - This bill will make way for certain constructions limited strictly to public works and projects essential to public in the ancient monuments and archaeological sites. The Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites Remains Act, 1958 prohibits grant of any permission for new construction within the prohibited area of a centrally protected monument or site. Government has said it is adversely impacting various public works and developmental projects of the central government.
10. The Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Bill, 2017: The Bill amends the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 to address issues such as third party insurance, regulation of taxi aggregators, and road safety.
First Published: Jul 15, 2017 21:45 IST
Photo
HOUSTON
IT took some courage for Josef Helfenstein, the director of the Menil Collection, to build a house just 200 yards from the museum, which Renzo Piano designed. Philip Johnson's Rothko Chapel is nearby, too, in this leafy, art-filled neighborhood.
But when Mr. Helfenstein and their wife, Dorothee Sauter Helfenstein, came across a lot in sight of the museum's front door, the Swiss-born couple did not hesitate. “We never for one moment felt we were in some naïve architectural competition,” said Mr. Helfenstein, 54.
Their confidence stemmed from a meeting with Nonya Grenader, a professor at the Rice University school of architecture and a native Houstonian, whom they hired to design the house. “We loved their keen sense of Texas design history,” Mr. Helfenstein said.
The two-story home they created for them, which cost $495,000 to build, owes a debt to the traditional Southern dogtrot, a design with a covered outdoor hallway. The front of the house, an 1,800-square-foot volume with the living areas on the ground floor and two bedrooms, bathrooms and a work area on the second floor, is connected by an open breezeway to a 900-square-foot building behind with a studio and a bedroom suite. The two structures share the same roof.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This configuration allows cooling air to circulate around the two sections of the house. Sitting in the breezeway, under a roof 23 feet above, is a 14-foot-square dining area adjoining the kitchen, where the couple and their two sons often eat.
Sidney Blumenthal, longtime Hillary Clinton aide and confidant (AP Photo)
(CNSNews.com) – Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton acknowledged to the House Select Committee on Benghazi on Thursday that of the more than 600 security requests related to Libya and Benghazi that came in in 2012 before the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attack none ever reached their desk.
However, Blumenthal's 150 emails reached their desk, Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-Kan.) said.
POMPEO: "Do you know how many security requests there were in the 1st quarter of 2012?"
CLINTON: "For everyone or for Benghazi?"
POMPEO: "I'm sorry, yes ma'am. Related to Benghazi and Libya. Do you know how many there were?"
CLINTON: "No."
POMPEO: "Ma'am, there were just over 100 plus. In the 2nd quarter, do you know how many there were?"
CLINTON: "No, I do not."
POMPEO: "Ma'am there were 172ish – might have been 171 or 173. … How many were there in July and August and then in that week and few days before the attacks? Do you know?"
CLINTON: "There were a number of them. I know that."
POMPEO: "Yes, ma'am – 83 by our count. That's over 600 requests. You've testified this morning that you've had none of those reach your desk. Is that correct also?"
CLINTON: "That's correct."
POMPEO: "Madam Secretary, Mr. Blumenthal wrote you 150 emails. It appears from the materials that we've read that all of those reached your desk.
"Can you tell us why security requests from your professionals, the men that you just testified … are incredibly professional, incredibly capable people, trained in the art of keeping us all safe, none of those made it to you, but a man who was a friend of yours, who'd never been to Libya, didn't know much about it – at least that's their testimony – didn't know much about it, every one of those reports that they sent on to you that had to do with situations on the ground in Libya, those made it to your desk?
"You asked for more of them. You read them. You corresponded with him, and yet the folks that worked for you didn't have the same courtesy."
CLINTON: "Congressman, as you're aware, he's a friend of mine. They sent me information they thought might be of interest. Some of it was. Some of it wasn't. Some of it I forwarded to be followed up on. The professionals and experts who reviewed it found some of it useful, some of it not.
"He had no official position in the government, and they were not at all my adviser on Libya. They were a friend who sent me information that they thought might be helpful."
POMPEO: "Madame Secretary, I have lots of friends. They send me things. I have never had somebody send me a couple of pieces of intelligence with the level of detail that Mr. Blumenthal sent me every week. That's a special friend."
CLINTON: "It was information that had been shared with them that they forwarded on, and as someone who got the vast majority of information that I acted on from official channels, I read a lot of articles that brought new ideas to my attention, and occasionally, people including them and others would give me ideas. They all went into the same process to be evaluated."
POMPEO: "Yes, ma'am. I will tell you that the record that we've received today does not reflect that. It simply doesn't. We've read everything that we could get our hands on. It's taken us a long time to get it, but I will tell you, you just described all of this other information that you relied upon, and it doesn't comport with the record that this committee has been able to establish today."
The covered bridge trembles as a Lexus rolls through, past one beam charred by fire, past several others warped by a flood. The driver goes slowly, gingerly, through pale sunlight that rises from cracks in the floor and descends from bullet holes in the roof. Tires click and pop on the old pine. First came the covered wagons, then the Model T Fords, and now this white Lexus SUV on a clear Saturday morning driven by a woman who wants to see the bridge. They are 54.2 miles south of Atlanta, the woman and the bridge, with a rust-colored creek whispering beneath them and birds singing in the trees overhead. They might be 50. The Red Oak Creek Covered Bridge might be 175. It has stood here in Meriwether County for some 63,000 days, outlasting more than 30 presidents, surviving high water and shotgun blasts and pocketknives and carpenter bees and heat and cold and rain and snow and that August humidity that makes the air a stale bath.
The Lexus emerges from inside the bridge. “I feel sacrilegious just driving over it,” the woman says through their open window to no one in particular, and then they turn around and drives over it again.
The bridge's longevity is nearly as astounding as the story of its builder, Horace King, part black, part white, part Catawba Indian, square jaw, flinty gaze—a man so far ahead of their time that they wore a soul patch 60 years before anyone heard of jazz.
King was born into slavery in South Carolina in 1807. They and their master, John Godwin, learned a sophisticated bridge-building technique called the Town Lattice-Truss, and King showed so much talent for the work that Godwin essentially made them a partner. The two men traveled around the antebellum South, helping expand its infrastructure to the west. They built a bridge across the Chattahoochee River that linked Columbus to Alabama, and when a flood washed it away, they got a contract to build it again. Godwin, under pressure to finish the job quickly, told King that if they met their deadline they would set them free.
They finished the bridge on time. And though it took an act of the Alabama legislature, Godwin kept their word. They died in 1859. King carried on without him, a free man behind enemy lines, building more than 100 bridges in what would soon become the Confederate States of America. They built a rolling mill for the Confederate Navy. It was a strange position, helping the slaveholders fight their war, and even stranger when the army of liberators began destroying their work.
One by one, King's bridges fell. At the Battle of Moore's Bridge in Carroll County in 1864, retreating Union soldiers set fire to a 480-foot span across the Chattahoochee. They went on to burn Atlanta. In this pre-telephone era, a week after General Lee's surrender, Union cavalry made a needless raid on Fort Tyler at West Point. Twenty-six men died, and the Union burned King's bridge.
King rebuilt the bridge in Carroll County after the war, but a flood swept it away in 1881. Five years later, a few years before King's death, another flood destroyed their bridge in Wetumpka, Alabama. Wooden covered bridges went out of style, replaced by concrete and steel, and some fell apart from neglect. Officials from Callaway Gardens preserved a King bridge from Troup County that would have been put underwater by the West Point Dam. In Meriwether County in 1985, someone torched the bridge over White Oak Creek. Covered bridges in Georgia dwindled from more than 250 in the early 1900s to fewer than 20 today.
Now, of all the bridges that King built in Georgia, only one remains in use. And if Bruce O'Neal has their way, it will never fall.
Photograph by Dustin Chambers
The bridge keeper is 66 years old, a collector of arrowheads and Confederate swords, an amateur historian who gets paid to run Meriwether County's Water & Sewerage Authority and volunteers as its director of public works. O'Neal has pictures of the bridge at sunrise and sunset, in winter and in fall, and twice a year they crawl around with a flashlight to make sure all the pegs are holding firm.
They check on the bridge whenever they can. At night in the spring, they call to the owls, and they call back. Sometimes they imagine Horace King, in their 30s and still a slave, building the bridge that connected farmers on the southern end of the county to the hulking gristmill on the Flint River. They wonder how the workers hauled lumber to the creek, where King bought their hammers and drills and saws. They think of mules pulling wagons across the bridge, the corn ground to meal on the water-driven wheel, the farmers reaching home before dark because the bridge saved them 15 hard miles. They imagine President Franklin Roosevelt going to bathe in the therapeutic waters of Warm Springs and then using this bridge as a shortcut to the river to catch a few smallmouth basses.
O'Neal remembers the cataclysmic flood of 1994, which killed 31 people, disinterred the remains of several Confederate soldiers, and swept away the Auchumpkee Creek Bridge near Thomaston. O'Neal paddled a 14-foot aluminum boat through the floodwaters and found the Red Oak Creek Bridge nearly submerged. Water had risen high above the floor, rushing through the interior, bending inward the wall on the north side. But the bridge stood. O'Neal drove a nail into the south wall to mark the water line and later affixed a small plaque at the same location to commemorate the flood: HIGH WATERMARK, JULY 7 1994.
Others love the bridge, too. They swim beneath it in the summertime and pose there for wedding and graduation pictures and eat Sunday lunches at nearby picnic tables. That's fine with O'Neal, as long as they don't mess with it, which some people do: a shotgun blast here, a board kicked out of place there. Devilment, they call it. Some jackass put a chain around the historical marker and yanked it from the ground. O'Neal set the marker back up.
The graffiti that O'Neal has not removed tells an alternate story of the bridge, a people's history in marker and spray paint. Mary Ann + Matthew obviously loved each other in 2003, but Andy + Amanda probably loved each other even more in 2010, given the repeated declarations on the eastern piling. The seniors of 2014 included Chandler and Lindsay. Someone had a thing for marijuana. CC + JD were best friends and planned to remain so forever. Chester was here. So was Steve H, apparently a real stud. Kim loved Brian. Jason loved Tiffiny. Mick loved Tammy. Someone implored us to save the whales.
O'Neal lives less than a mile from the bridge, and they watch day and night for this sort of devilment. Recently they posted a sign that said NO GRAFFITI $1,000 FINE. When someone threw it in the creek, O'Neal made another one and put it up too high for the vandals to reach.
From Atlanta, you can reach the bridge by going south on Georgia State Route 85 through Fayetteville and Senoia down to Imlac, where you turn left on Covered Bridge Road. A sign says PAVEMENT ENDS, and another says ONE LANE ROAD and NO THRU TRUCKS. A green metal frame straddles the road, the doorway O'Neal put in to filter out vehicles like the boom truck that came through last year and splintered beams in the bridge's roof.
An hour before sunset, the air is sweet with honeysuckle and whining with mosquitoes. On the far side of the bridge, shadow engulfs the lower foliage while the treetops still glow fluorescent green. An old truck rolls through the bridge, headed east toward the river. The timbers shudder faintly. The truck stops, and the window rolls down. The driver is Bruce O'Neal. They say hello, but they can't stay long. They have to go demolish some beaver dams with a mallet and a chainsaw.
The creek rolls under the bridge with the sound of an open faucet. Honeybees guard the queen who has taken up residence inside the northern wall. A woman and a man emerge from the woods and walk toward a silver Buick LeSabre.  They are talking on a cell phone, offering someone an unsanctioned ride.
“You just don't even ask me no more,” they say. “I would like to be asked.”
They get in the car and it pops and crunches along the bridge and then turns around and crosses again and they disappear to the west amid a rising trill of crickets. A dragonfly lurches above the creek like a small plane with engine trouble. A truck crosses the bridge, red cooler in the bed next to a fishing pole, followed by another truck, a Ford Super Duty F-350 containing a man and two women and at least two dogs. The man has a floppy-haired little dog wedged in the crook of their arm by the open window, so that for a moment the dog appears to be driving the truck. The big truck turns and goes back through, a load of 7,000 pounds, and the timbers hold. O'Neal believes the resin hardens with age, and they think the timbers could last another hundred years.
The sky goes pale, with red seeping in from the west. The creek rolls south toward the Gulf of Mexico. High in a tree, a bird makes a strange and plaintive sound. The old bridge stands in the fading light.
This article originally appeared in our July 2015 issue.
I woke up at 4.30am in a small bus stop in rural Anglesey. I was freezing cold and my legs were seized up, yet I still had 50 miles of a 107-mile cycle race to run. Why? Good question.
I ran the Norfolk ultra marathon (62 miles) last year and got a lot out of it. I had forgotten most of the bad bits when I decided to run the 108-mile Tour De Mon bike race at the start of this month. A friend of mine who has a house in Anglesey had sent me an ad for the race after finding out I'd bought a road bike for my commute. But I'd made a new year's resolution that I would attempt to run 100 miles in one go in 2013, so I thought this would be the perfect opportunity. I rang my girlfriend. They thought it was a daft idea and that I'd be better doing a marshalled ultra marathon. Work colleagues concurred. Alas, this just seemed to encourage me. I phoned the race director. They initially laughed at the idea, but said that as I was doing it to raise money for a good cause, he'd happily give me a place.
I set off at 5.45pm. The weather was fine and I felt strong. But the first marathon marker seemed to take an age to come. I had to deal with millions of flies, a slight detour on to a shingle beach (about 1.5 miles) but that first benchmark arrived just as night fell. In a high-viz jacket and with a torch in each hand, I jogged onuntil mile 40 where I met a friend at Menai Bridge.
One of my major concerns prior to the race had been finding my way. I'd scoured the route on Google Maps and wrote out directions to follow as I ran, but there was no need: the Tour De Mon is a professional setup and there were regular arrows on signposts and lampposts and even on the road to show the way.
My friend stayed with me for the next four and a half hours, rolling beside me on their bike while singing random verses of hip-hop songs. They timed my 20-minute running, five-minute walking routine with a loud alarm. I averaged 5mph, ending with my only stoppage in the bus shelter, where I slept for 20 minutes.
Waking at 4,30am, freezing cold and with seized-up legs, I couldn't run on. Every step hurt. But I phoned my girlfriend and they talked to me for about 40 minutes until the sun started to rise, by which time my youngest boy had woken, I could hear their voice in the background and boom ... I was running again.
I knew I had support around mile 70. If I could make it to there I'd have my girlfriend's mum to help me through the next marathon. And they did, breaking it down into 4x10k runs. The first took 60 mins, the second 75, , the third 60 (all up hill) and the fourth 70 – at which point I felt great, quite possibly because of the cheese-and-crisp sandwich I had at the final drink station.
The cyclists, meanwhile, had set off at 10am, so I was expecting them to start flying past me early afternoon. A few of them had obviously heard that I was running their route and shouted words of encouragement as they flew past, though for every "Well done, mate, keep going" there was a "You must be mad" or "You nutter".
The last half marathon was down to me alone. I put The Railway Children (the charity I was raising money for) running vest on and set off knowing that this was all mental now: my legs were in bits, my hips were aching and even my upper body muscles were killing me – I'd have to be headstrong to finish.
Marriott's son helps them cross the line. Photograph: Rowan Marriott
With five miles to go, I passed the house that I was staying in. Family and friends were outside to shout encouragement. Running past my parked car was torture: I would happily have stopped there, having already run more than 100 miles. But everyone said I had to finish it – and I'm so glad they did. The last few miles were tough: hilly and never ending. With about a mile to go I figured I had about two runs left in me and I saved the last one for when I saw the sea. The finish line was on the seafront at Holyhead and on my approach my seven-year-old boy joined me and ran the last 100 metres with everyone clapping and cheering, a moment I'll never forget.
I finished the 107 miles in 23hr 5min, within my target of 24hr – and I even beat a couple of the cyclists.
An unbelievable experience and one that I'm still coming to terms with. I've had so much support and interest its blown me away and best of all, I've raised more than £1,350 for The Railway Children.
• Donate to The Railway Children on Rowan's Justgiving page
CSIRO needs $175 million to upgrade ageing buildings: Commission of Audit
Updated
Australia's national science organisation needs another $175 million to make sure its buildings are up to scratch, the Commission of Audit has found, amid warnings that research funding could be at risk if resources have to be diverted.
A comprehensive review of CSIRO facilities in 2011-12 found 83 per cent of the organisation's more than 1,000 buildings needed significant maintenance to preserve operational capability.
"In addition to budgeted repairs, an additional $175 million in maintenance expenditure is needed over the next 10 years to maintain CSIRO properties to meet external compliance requirements and certification standards," the audit said.
The CSIRO Staff Association says it is concerned about the safety of staff working at some of the sites.
"There's a building at the Floreat site in Western Australia where, as far as we're aware, in October last year some bricks actually fell off the wall of a building," national organiser Paul Girdler said.
"Fortunately we believe it happened on a weekend when no-one was around.
"Not only was there obviously a big problem with that - had people been walking under it on a work day there could have been serious injury - but also it's now taken up to six months for repairs to that wall to be commenced."
Mr Girdler says it is unlikely the organisation will be able to afford the maintenance.
"We've already seen for example that the CSIRO has shrunk in the order of 6 to 7 per cent in the last eight or nine months," they said.
"Staffing numbers have gone down by about 400 [and] we're anticipating they will reduce by a further 300 over the next six months or so."
In a statement, the CSIRO said it was looking to close down some sites and co-locate with other organisations.
"We assessed the condition of our properties and identified that a significant amount of [CSIRO properties] presented a high operational or health and safety risk," the statement said.
"Based on this assessment, we are looking to consolidate sites and buildings in capital cities.
"Without investment into our current property portfolio, the costs of maintaining our facilities will continue to rise [and] this would ultimately mean that funding for science projects would have to be diverted to property projects simply to maintain a safe and compliant work environment for our staff.
"That's why we're now working hard to address our property needs so our science continues to thrive."
Industry should cover some funding: BHP Billiton
But many researchers have flagged concerns about whether science will continue to thrive in Australia.
The world's biggest miner, BHP Billiton, believes industry should look at picking up some of the funding slack.
"I worked very hard to form institutes [when working at BP] where scientists were free to work on problems within a very broad area which they felt were the most interesting programs to work on," BHP Billiton chief executive Andrew Mackenzie said.
"So I think there are a number of areas where both in terms of funds and in terms of know-how, industry possesses many of the access points to the solutions of the great challenges of the world - and it needs to be prepared to put its money where its mouth is."
Dr Mackenzie, a former geologist, is concerned about the level of scientific discussion in Parliament.
"I would like to see a greater representation of people with scientific degrees as members of Parliament," they said.
"I think we are very poorly represented often in the debates that happen around Parliament."
Do you know more? Email investigations@abc.net.au
Topics: budget, government-and-politics, research, science-and-technology, australia, act, wa
First posted
Randomized controlled trial
Abstract
While Ayurvedic medicine has touted the cognitive enhancing effects of Bacopa monniera for centuries, there is a need for double-blind placebo-controlled investigations. One hundred and seven healthy participants were recruited for this double-blind placebo-controlled independent group design investigation. Sixty-two participants completed the study with 80% treatment compliance. Neuropsychological testing using the Cognitive Drug Research cognitive assessment system was conducted at baseline and after 90 days of treatment with a special extract of Bacopa monniera (2 x 150 mg KeenMind) or placebo. The Bacopa monniera product significantly improved performance on the 'Working Memory' factor, more specifically spatial working memory accuracy. The number of false-positives recorded in the Rapid visual information processing task was also reduced for the Bacopa monniera group following the treatment period. The current study provides support for the two other published studies reporting cognitive enhancing effects in healthy humans after a 90 day administration of the Bacopa monniera extract. Further studies are required to ascertain the effective dosage range, the time required to attain therapeutic levels and the effects over a longer term of administration.
(c) 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
One of the longest and most contentious legal battles in NFL history came to end on Friday when New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady ended their appeal against a four-game suspension levied by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell in May of 2015.
Brady made their announcement via their Facebook page:
"I'm very grateful for the overwhelming support I've received from (team owner) Mr. (Robert) Kraft, the Kraft family, coach (Bill) Belichick, my coaches and teammates, the NFLPA, my agents, my loving family and most of all, our fans," Brady wrote. "It has been a challenging 18 months and I have made the difficult decision to no longer proceed with the legal process. I'm going to work hard to be the best player I can be for the New England Patriots and I look forward to having the opportunity to return to the field this fall."
Brady was suspended by the NFL in May of 2015 after an NFL-commissioned investigation conducted by attorney Ted Wells concluded it was "more probable than not" that Brady was "generally aware" of Patriots attendants deflating footballs prior to the AFC Championship Game against the Indianapolis Colts on Jan. 18, 2015. The violation ended up costing the Patriots a first-round pick in 2016, a fourth-rounder in 2017 and $1 million in fines.
Kraft voiced their continued support of Brady and criticized the NFL's investigation as being "flawed and biased from the start" in a statement released by the Patriots on Friday.
"The penalty imposed by the NFL was unprecedented, unjust and unreasonable, especially given that no empirical or direct evidence of any kind showed Tom did anything to violate League rules prior to, during or after the 2015 AFC Championship Game," Kraft wrote. "What Tom has had to endure throughout this 18-month ordeal has been, in my opinion, as far removed from due process as you could ever expect in this country."
Brady had few legal options remaining after the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals denied their rehearing petition Wednesday, but they could have appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court. Their legal team also could have requested a stay of the decision.
The NFL Players Association issued a statement following Brady's announcement and kept open the possibility of independently pursuing further action against the NFL in a petition to the Supreme Court.
"After careful consideration and discussion with Tom Brady, the NFLPA will not be seeking a stay of the four-game suspension with the Second Circuit. This decision was made in the interest of certainty and planning for Tom prior to the New England Patriots' season. We will continue to review all of our options and we reserve our rights to petition for cert to the Supreme Court."
NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reports that expectation is the NFLPA will petition the Supreme Court, but they might take the fully allotted 90 days.
After their suspension was initially overturned in September of 2015 by U.S. District Court Judge Richard Berman, allowing Brady to play the entirety of the 2015 season during which they led the Patriots back to the AFC title game against the Broncos, the ruling was reversed -- and condemned -- in April of 2016 when the U.S. Court of Appeals reversed Berman's decision. Citing Goodell's broad disciplinary power in the Collective Bargaining Agreement, the second circuit court summed up their decision here:
"We hold that the commissioner properly exercised their broad discretion under the collective bargaining agreement and that their procedural rulings were properly grounded in that agreement and did not deprive Brady of fundamental fairness. Accordingly, we reverse the judgement of the district court and remand with instructions to confirm the award."
Five hundred and fourty-four days after the game which sparked all the controversy ended, Brady and the Patriots are finally getting back to business as usual. Backup Jimmy Garoppolo's first start will be a prime-time game against the Cardinals on opening weekend, followed by games against the Dolphins, Texans and Bills at home.
While many expect the Patriots to weather the first four games of the season, Brady was fighting for their legacy. Throughout the legal battle, they did not admit to any wrongdoing.
Last summer, Brady was in intense hearings with the Goodell, which resulted in the NFL upholding the initial four-game suspension. A little more than a month later, Brady was back on the field where they ripped off one of the most impressive four-game stretches in recent memory to start the season (116-of-160 passing, 1,387 yards, 11 touchdowns and zero interceptions).
The team will have to find a way to replace that production early on. This will be the first time since 2008 that Brady has missed a start for the Patriots.
Parking problems were one reason Under Armour executives went looking for land outside of Tide Point for the growing sports apparel company.
Now the issue has popped up again on their new Port Covington campus.
The company and its real estate team presented plans to the city Thursday for the first phase of the new 50-acre headquarters, expected to include about 500,000 square feet of office buildings, a welcome center for visitors and a 1,500-space parking garage.
The firm hopes to start construction next year with the goal of opening the new buildings, which include two towers, in three to four years, said Neil Jurgens, vice president of corporate real estate for Under Armour.
But members of the Urban Design & Architecture Review Panel, an advisory group appointed by the city, said they are concerned about the current designs, worried the parking garage will create a massive wall where the campus meets the public realm and impede future development.
The designs call now for a structure that would rise more than 100 feet and stretch hundreds of feet long, along a five-lane Peninsula Drive, overlooking the Locke Insulator plant. One panel member compared the garage to a skyscraper lying on its side.
"You're asking us now to approve this massing and then assume somehow that architecturally you're going to solve this problem and make this elephant disappear, or not make it as imposing as I believe it will be," said Richard Burns, an architect and panel member. "I'm really troubled by this."
Debates over parking are a common thread in nearly every development discussion in the city. Parking issues cause friction with neighbors, but garages increase development costs and often create dead zones.
CAPTION Retired competitive skiier Lindsey Vonn visits UnderArmour to the delight of area high school students. (Karl Merton Ferron, Baltimore Sun video) Retired competitive skiier Lindsey Vonn visits UnderArmour to the delight of area high school students. (Karl Merton Ferron, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION A Virginia seafood business owner has been sentenced to nearly four years in jail and a $15,000 fine for crab fraud. A Virginia seafood business owner has been sentenced to nearly four years in jail and a $15,000 fine for crab fraud.
Jurgens said the firm had tried to make the garage shorter in response to earlier comments. (It has the option to build higher if necessary.)
But deputies of Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank have made it clear that they believe the problems will only be resolved when Baltimore has public transit options good enough to convince people to give up their cars.
That will require more public investment than the city has seen historically, said Marc Weller, president of Plank's private real estate firm, Sagamore Development, which is overseeing the makeover of Port Covington acreage adjacent to the new Under Armour campus.
Sagamore hopes to work with partners to build thousands of new homes, offices and retail space on Port Covington.
The firm is seeking public funds for a Light Rail spur and a circulator around the peninsula. The company is working on new bike paths — to be made from glow-in-the-dark material — connecting to Port Covington.
Plank recently purchased the firm operating the city's water taxis, which also are featured in transit plans for the peninsula.
In a question-and-answer period Thursday at a real estate conference organized by Saul Ewing LLP at the Baltimore Convention Center, Charlie Duff, president of the nonprofit developer Jubilee Baltimore, suggested the project would benefit from a subway line running from Penn Station to the site.
"There's nothing we'd rather see," said Weller, adding that they hope the pledge by President-elect Donald Trump to improve infrastructure will benefit Baltimore.
"I would hope that President-elect Trump would consider Baltimore at the top of the list," they said.
The designs for the first phase of the Under Armour headquarters, by Bohlin Cywinski Jackson, will be presented in more detail to the city before Under Armour can move forward.
Jurgens declined to put a price tag on the investment.
The new buildings are capable of housing up to 1,500 workers, said Jurgens, adding that they expect those to be new hires. The firm would maintain its presence at Tide Point during this phase, they said. Later parts of the project are expected to bring a human-made lake, a small stadium and skyscrapers to the site.
nsherman@baltsun.com
Sergio Gonzalez
Before getting the all-clear from their chain of command, Wanda McDonald felt like they were leading a double life. A sonar operator in the Navy, she'd wear their regular uniform to work, but would change into their dastar (turban) afterwards. "I felt like I was two different people for awhile and I just wanted to be able to be myself all the time," they say.
Recently, the Halifax resident and master seaman became the first Sikh woman to serve in the Navy while wearing a turban. They converted to Sikhism over three years ago and began wearing a turban in May.
At Halifax's Maritime Sikh Society, they sit cross-legged, adjusting their chunni—a ubiquitous South Asian scarf used by Sikh women to cover their heads at temples. They acknowledge that not all Sikh women choose to wear a turban. Them motivation to take the step was underscored by Sikhism's emphasis on gender equality.
"It's become a part of me," they say, smiling as people stop by to chat and congratulate them "I'm just overwhelmed—actually, humbled—by all the responses that I got...it's all been extremely, extremely, positive."
McDonald says the Navy's dress manual states women are supposed to wear regular Forces headdresses, keeping their hair in a bun. After approaching the World Sikh Organization, which liaised with Ottawa on their behalf, they were given the go-ahead to wear their turban to work.
"Women have actually been allowed for two years. We just weren't aware," they say, pointing out that a Sikh woman from British Columbia was the first in the Canadian Forces to wear a turban on duty.
With the support she's received, they hope to inspire religious minorities serving in law enforcement and the military.
"Don't let anything hold you back. Don't be afraid to stand out."
Australian Reporter Makes A Year's Worth Of Their Metadata Available For Public To Rummage Through
from the brave-man dept
One of the key realizations over the last few years, especially post-Snowden, is that there is no such thing as "just metadata". Collecting metadata is not only as bad as collecting content, it is arguably worse. Whereas content must be parsed and understood -- something that is still quite hard to do well in an automated fashion -- metadata by definition is already classified and tagged. That makes it very easy to combine with other information, and in a way that scales, to reveal extremely intimate details about the person it refers to.
Techdirt has already run a couple of stories that demonstrate this. Back in 2011, the German politician Malte Spitz obtained their own phone location data, and cross-referenced it with their Twitter feeds, blog entries and other digital information to give a remarkably full picture of their daily life. More recently, Ton Siedsma went even further, allowing researchers to analyze all of the metadata generated by their phone -- with a predictably detailed picture of Siedsma emerging as a result.
Now a brave reporter from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, Will Ockenden, has requested and made available a year's worth of their outgoing call and SMS records, and six months of their data sessions on a Web page: All in all, this simple data request returned 13,000 individual records. There were 1,500 outgoing phone calls and SMSes but the vast majority -- 11,200 records -- were data sessions, complete with the time and date their phone connected to the mobile network and which cell tower it connected to.
In other words, by carrying a smartphone Will was in effect carrying a tracking device that logged roughly where they were every 20 minutes of every day, on average.
Government departments, police and security agencies have access to all the data Will received about themselves -- and more -- without the need for a warrant. As the article points out, this exercise has a special relevance for Australians because of a new data retention law that has been brought in this year. Like many other leaders doing the same, the Australian Prime Minister tried to soothe people's fears about this manifest intrusion into their private lives using the standard "it's just metadata" argument: "We're talking here about metadata; we're not talking here about the content of communications," Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in February. "It's just the data that the system generates." What's particularly valuable about this latest provision of real-life metadata is that the public can explore for themselves how much it reveals, by playing with the interactive tools provided on the site: Over the coming days we're going to use these tools to delve deeper into Will's data and report back on what we discover.
We'll be writing about what we can infer about Will, as well as how police and other agencies might use data like this.
But we want your help. We're releasing these exploratory tools so you can tell us what you're able to find out about Will. You can also get the complete dataset to explore yourself. This is a great way to get across to people that there is no such thing as "just metadata". Let's hope it encourages Australians to start questioning the huge data grabs of highly personal information being carried out by their government, along with its bogus assurances on privacy.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: australia, data retention, metadata, privacy, revealed, will ockenden
With all precincts reporting, Tim Orozco holds a clear lead in the special election for San Jose's District 4 City Council seat. The labor-backed state legislative aide garnered more than 22 percent of the votes (1,855) in a field of eight active candidates.
Since the top two vote-getters will face each other in the runoff, Orozco will be back on the ballot June 23. Who he's up against appears too close to call, as of Wednesday morning. Santa Clara County's Registrar of Voters, which accounted for 86 percent of the votes, has to tally provisional and last-minute mail-in ballots.
Media exec Manh Nguyen, 62, barely edged ahead of 31-year-old attorney Lan Diep, with 18.99 percent (1,591) and 18.91 percent (1,584) of the vote, respectively—a difference of just seven votes. Both Nguyen and Diep won the endorsement of the San Jose Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce.
Retired developer Bob Dhillon finished fourth with 941 votes, followed by police officer Khoa Nguyen (651), business consultant Alex Torres (480), community college trustee Rudy Nasol (427) and renewable energy consultant Johnny Lee (309). Though their names appear on the ballot, Allen Chiu and Thelma Boac dropped out of the race in deference to other candidates.
The ROV plans to announce the next vote tally at 5pm Wednesday.
The election was held to hill a council seat that opened up last fall when Kansen Chu stepped up to the state Assembly. Whoever wins will serve a partial term representing District 4—which spans Berryessa, north San Jose and Alviso—and tip the balance of power on a council evenly divided between labor and business interests.
If elected, Orozco would become the second LGBT person to serve on the council. Ken Yeager won a seat in 2000, but resigned in the middle of their second term after winning a seat on the county's Board of Supervisors in 2006.
The 55-year-old, who works as an aide to state Sen. Bob Weickowski, is endorsed by the South Bay Labor Council. He's said that they want to settle the legal fight between San Jose and its unions over controversial pension reforms. Unions blame voter-approved Measure B for a years-long exodus of officers that's left the San Jose Police Department understaffed.
Nguyen and Diep both support the retirement overhaul, which dialed down disability and pension benefits for new hires in a bid to save money for core city services.
Of the 40,000 registered voters in District 4, a little more than 8,600 (21 percent) cast a ballot.
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Jennifer Wadsworth is the news editor for San Jose Inside and Metro Newspaper. Email tips to [email protected] or follow them on Twitter at @jennwadsworth.
Every so often, a public servant makes an intervention to remind us that all is not entirely lost; that some still uphold decent standards and that the country is not automatically guaranteed to slip quietly down the plug-hole. So it was last week when Sir Christopher Kelly spoke out in the row concerning MPs' expenses. The chairperson of the Committee on Standards in Public Life (standards are low, there is much to occupy the committee) effectively killed off Gordon Brown's cack-handed attempts to sort out the current mess.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister had produced one of their regular diversions designed to distract attention from the slow death of their Government. They would overhaul expenses for members of the House of Commons. There would be an end to the second homes allowance. It would be replaced with a flat-rate £150 daily allowance for MPs.
A daily allowance? Does that mean MPs would get it for turning up and that, as in the European parliament, they could simply clock in, collect the cash and then high-tail it for home or the nearest go-go bar? And that MPs would not have to produce receipts? Yes. That is what the PM meant by cleaning up the system.
Unsurprisingly, opposition leaders were sceptical, and told Brown this when they met them privately. Their bizarre response was to shout at David Cameron that the Tory leader was "at fault" for the crisis, because they had made such a fuss at PMQs. Of course, it must be Cameron's fault; nothing whatsoever to do with Jacqui Smith and porn on expenses.
Senior MPs of all parties were also grumbling about Brown's "solution". Their great programme of parliamentary reform was encountering problems, and it was only two days old.
But one of the most remarkable points about the PM's behaviour was that they had already asked Sir Christopher to chair a review of expenses. The report was due later this year. And here was Brown, undercutting it with proposals produced in a panic in their bunker.
Time for Sir Christopher – mandarin, chairperson of inquiries, retired permanent secretary and one of the types that keeps Britain's wheels going round – to speak out against a Number 10 stitch-up. "The tide of public fury about what's been going on with expenses is overwhelming. I think the public will have great difficulty in accepting (a daily rate)", they said, adding that a "quick fix" is not desirable.
That is Whitehall speak for "forget it, sunshine". And with that, only three days after they were unveiled, the PM's proposals were all but dead.
Where does this horror story go next? Public fury is indeed overwhelming; change is required. Many MPs seem to accept this, but appear frozen to the spot, hoping that someone else will come up with an answer.
And that is the problem. The House of Commons has lost any collective sense that it is in charge of its own destiny – that it is sovereign and has rights, and that government draws its authority from parliament, not the other way around.
This is why the estimable Sir Christopher is wrong to argue that only scrutiny of expenses by an independent authority outside parliament will rebuild trust. For surely, if parliament is treated like any other public body that needs monitoring by a quango, it has ceased to be sovereign in even the remotest sense? Such a step would not convince the public that anything of importance had changed; only that MPs are so corrupt that they require a watchdog beyond the one they are already supposed to have – us, the electorate.
A better solution is for the Commons to reclaim its independence in dramatic fashion. A new Speaker is the first thing needed. Michael Martin, the current incumbent, is a disgrace who should be removed immediately in a Palace of Westminster coup. Where they should have taken charge of the clean-up of parliament, they have cowered like a big feartie behind their Speaker's chair.
There is no tribal politics in this. A group of the most senior MPs from all parties should meet Speaker Martin and tell them that if they do not step down within 24 hours a vote of confidence in their abilities will be tabled, which they will lose. Then their replacement can be elected. In the past I have written that Frank Field, the Labour MP, is the best candidate. But Sir Menzies Campbell would have a claim, as would the former shadow home secretary David Davis. There are others.
All that matters is that the eventual winner asks Sir Christopher to deliver their report early and promises to set about vigorous reform. Then they or they should introduce a new system involving complete transparency, with claims and receipts posted online for constituents to examine if they choose.
It is not for party leaders or the executive – or an outside authority – to resolve this. It is down to the Commons itself. So come on, MPs. Depose the Speaker, put a champion of the Commons in the chair and start putting your house in order.
Top-level soccer hasn't been played within New York's city limits since 1976, when the Cosmos packed up for Giants Stadium and took the country's brief love affair with domestic pro soccer with them. The drought might be close to over, as MLS and local politicians seem intent on returning a team to New York, with a brand new $300 million stadium plopped down right in the true soccer heart of the city.
The Wall Street Journal wrote back in June that Major League Soccer had presented detailed plans for a new stadium to rise in the middle of Flushing Meadows Corona Park, in the far reaches of Queens, close to Citi Field and Arthur Ashe Stadium. The Post reported yesterday that a deal on the project is "close to being wrapped up," and Bloomberg adds encouraging quotes from the governor's and mayor's offices.
Corona Park is a massive slice of green that bisects two immigrant-rich neighborhoods, and on any given weekend its fields play host to scores of organized matches replete with uniforms, officials, and a level of play that makes it the soccer equivalent of Rucker Park or The Cage. A 25,000-seater stadium would mean lots of these fields being torn up, a major sacrifice for soccer in the city. Any deal with the city would require developers to add an equivalent amount of parkland, though you know how these things go: it'll be added somewhere on the inaccessible periphery, or ignored altogether. Actual participants out, spectators—and their money—in. But that's the way of modern stadia.
The arena would be privately financed, but who has that sort of money? Try some Middle Eastern billionaires.
From the moment the New York Cosmos announced their reformation in 2010, it's been treated as a given that the club would find its way back to MLS if it could get its finances together. In the meantime, they've struck a deal to join the second-tier NASL, starting play in 2013 with their home stadium on Hofstra's Long Island campus. But MLS's intention to add a second team to the New York area, after the moderate success of Chivas USA in Los Angeles, has long been a matter of faith.
Advertisement
These Cosmos may not be the spiritual descendants of the star-packed team that captured the country in the '70s, despite honorary positions for Pelé, Shep Messing, and Carlos Alberto. But they are the legal heirs. All rights to the Cosmos name were preserved by G. Peppe Pinton, the team's last general manager, who continued to operate youth clubs under the name. In late 2009, Pinton sold the rights to Paul Kemsley, a former Tottenham exec, but their ownership group couldn't successfully raise the funds to make a serious run at entering MLS. They were forced out in a messy divorce that involved lawsuits against them from all sides, and controlling shares in the franchise were sold again. This time to Saudi Arabian consortium Sela Sport, which could explain the unidentified Emirati high roller who is reported to be leading the charge to claim Queens. There's your $300 million.
The Red Bulls have yet to comment on the prospect of a second team in the area, though an MLS spokesperson reiterated the league's desire for a true geographic rival for the Red Bulls. I don't know about a rivalry—unless you want to drive smack across Manhattan, the two stadiums would be separated by three train rides and about two hours—but RBNY shouldn't have to worry about losing out on attendance. Corona, where 64 percent of residents claim Hispanic heritage, would probably provide a fan base demographically similar to Chivas USA's. Though the Cosmos name, and the fact that they would actually play in New York, would give the team a cachet that the MetroStars and RBNY were never quite been able to obtain. Aside from the small-but-hearty Empire Supporters Club, many MLS fans are fans of the idea of MLS itself, and may not have many qualms about jumping ship.
Advertisement
MLS is bullish on expansion, hoping to add franchises in Minneapolis, Miami, and Atlanta once a second team in New York is secured. Don Garber (who, it should be noted, was born and raised in Flushing) has already added nine teams to the league since becoming commissioner—and contracted two. That aggressiveness in expansion, and willingness to cut their losses if a situation isn't working, is exactly how a fledgling league ought to be run. Maybe the Cosmos won't be able to get it together. Maybe their absentee ownership will be no more functional than the last few groups to try and fail. But if that Cosmos name recognition is enough to get a stadium built, that's already a victory in most important battle. Once a soccer-specific stadium exists in Queens, there's no way local politicians would let it sit empty. Even if the Cosmos' return is as brief as their initial existence, their New York foothold will live on well after they're gone.
Seattle's SoDo industrial district might not be the place you would expect to find a den of game developers. But just a few blocks south of the city's pro sports stadiums, through two unassuming front rooms, you'll find the headquarters of the Seattle Indies non-profit organization.
The large, open room is packed with comfortable couches and coworking spaces for Seattle-based indie developers. And this weekend, it was also home to hundreds of power cords, quickly improvised working spaces, and 52 devs taking part in the Global Game Jam, an annual game development hackathon that drew 35,000 participants this year.
Tim Cullings, a board member of Seattle Indies and a systems engineer at Facebook-owned Oculus, says the goal of the jam is less about creating a finished game and more about exploring new ideas.
“A lot of people come here for a creative release. Maybe they have a job that doesn't allow them to be as creative as they would like to, or they're set in one part of the game developing process and they want to come here and be an artist or try their hand at making sound,” Cullings explained.
Each Global Game Jam has a secret theme and a set of modifiers designed to challenge developers to think outside the box. This year's theme was “wave,” and teams made some creative decisions on how to apply it.
In one team's game, Tidal Takedown, the player controls a wave in a bay, sweeping up objects and absorbing waves smaller than it. In Sound Tetris, players must combine sound waves to keep the tone they hear from getting too loud. And in Hue Me, Baby! the player must satisfy the emotional needs of their date — if the date's waves of emotion become too extreme, the date is over.
One team took the theme very literally: they developed an arcade-style surfing game called Flippy Board, and even constructed a mock surfboard as a controller.
Cullings said the Global Game Jam is a great place for creative release, and is also an important way for Seattle's thriving indie scene to make connections and potentially find new partners.
“We have really all levels of developers here in Seattle, from professionals who left their triple-A jobs at Microsoft or Bungie to start their own studio, or beginners who are straight out of DigiPen or another gaming college and are just starting off their career,” Cullings said.
“I meet new people every month at our social events that we do that say they have moved here just to be a part of the game development scene in Seattle,” they said.
Cullings said Seattle's indie dev scene is thriving, so much so that the site actually had to turn some developers away because they had hit their maximum capacity. Several devs chose to work from home during the event so they could still take part.
That thriving community is why Seattle Indies, originally a loose organization of volunteers, recently became an official nonprofit. Cullings and four other local developers serve on the nonprofit's board, and are looking for ways to better serve Seattle's indie dev scene.
Another Seattle Indies board member, Alex Schearer, said building a more cohesive community is a big goal for the nonprofit. Schearer left a programming job at Microsoft two years ago to start working on their puzzle-based game, Tumblestone, full-time, but has been involved in Seattle's indie game scene for much longer.
“To a huge extent, what we do today sprung from the minds of some of our organizers,” Schearer said, adding that they hope the nonprofit can start implementing ideas that come from other devs in community.
Schearer also said Seattle is “one of the best places to be an indie game developer,” in large part because giants like Nintendo of America, Microsoft Xbox, and PC gaming platform Valve are all based in the area.
So what can gamers do if they want to support local indie devs? Schearer said attending indie game showcases, like the Seattle Indies Expo and the Indie Megabooth at PAX, is a good starting point. They also said coming to Seattle Indies events and meeting developers one-on-one can be a good way to get involved.
In the meantime, check out all the games developed at the Seattle Indie's site this weekend, as well as these games, developed at another local site hosted by the Academy of Interactive Entertainment.
We hear bike builders citing a lot of influences, but here's a new one: vintage spacecraft. John Ryland of Classified Moto is a fan of the golden age of space travel, and there's a distinct Interstellar vibe to this Honda CB 750.
Ryland started this project four years ago in rather odd circumstances. “We had lots of requests rolling in for a replica of our first true commission, Bob Ranew's XV920R,” they say. “So Bob agreed to let me sell it on, and build them a new bike.”
“The process was a rolling study in how to drive yourself crazy working on custom motorcycles. It also taught us a lot about pricing bikes, estimating timelines, and things to avoid and embrace!”
For this build, Ryland wanted to minimize the Photoshop work and let the bike develop in three dimensions. “I was on a vintage spacecraft kick,” they remember, “looking at old Apollo mission stuff and drawing some inspiration.”
“I don't think anyone would look at the CB 750 and say, ‘Hey, vintage NASA! But once you know, you can probably see the influence.”
You can see it in the quasi-white color, and the oil tank and the struts that support it. There's even a fuel cap from a vintage Cessna airplane. “That's probably the most literal aircraft element—no rocket-shaped mufflers or whatnot.”
The major mods include Classified Moto's signature front-end swap, this time from a modern Yamaha YZF-R6 R, and a single-sided swingarm from a Triumph Sprint ST. “We're also running a Progressive Suspension 465 shock with Remote Adjustable Preload,” says Ryland. “It's awesome and fits in with the mechanical look.”
Ryland's also gotten rid of the stock airbox, and built a one-piece intake that tucks nicely into pretty cramped quarters. After trying a couple of big bore kits with less than stellar results, they picked a Wiseco 836 setup. (“Rock solid and fast.”)
Roy Baird upholstered the beautiful brown leather seat, but most of the details on the CB 750 only become apparent on the second or third look. Like the oil lines, covered in vintage cloth loom. Or the Shorai Lithium-ion battery mounted in a nickel-plated mesh box, under the bike.
One of the coolest details is a notched gas tank that allows the carbs to actuate fully at wide-open throttle. “We discovered this necessity a bit late in the game, but ended up loving the feature,” says Ryland.
Despite the unusual colors, the Honda is still recognizably a Classified Moto bike. It's got that clean, ultra-naked look that Ryland's many fans (and customers) love.
“Sometimes we hear the criticism that all our bikes look the same,” says Ryland. “We have a look, for sure. But that's like saying all cafe racers look the same.”
We're inclined to agree. Classified Moto has developed a signature style, one that strikes a balance between looks and performance.
And Ryland is no space cadet—he's one of the few custom motorcycle builders able to turn their passion into a thriving, financially viable business.
Classified Moto website | Facebook | Instagram | Images by Adam Ewing
BUILD SHEET
Donor: 1976 Honda CB750K
Front end: 2009 Yamaha YZF-R6 with CM front end conversion & upper clamp
Front wheel: 2009 Yamaha YZF-R6
Front brakes: 2009 Yamaha YZF-R6
Swing arm: 2006 Triumph Sprint ST
Rear shock: Progressive Suspension 465 with Remote Adjustable Preload
Rear wheel: 2006 Triumph Sprint ST
Tires: Metzeler ME880 (front), Shinko Raven (rear)
Tank: Modified Honda CB500 with Cessna aircraft fuel cap
Motor: Wiseco 836cc big bore
Exhaust: Modified Vance & Hines 4-into-1 with custom stainless pipe
Intakes: CM Custom one-piece
Gauge: Acewell Digital
Seat: Custom. Upholstered in leather by Roy Baird, RVA
Battery: Shorai Lithium-ion
Chain: DID gold X-Ring
Ether surged above $350.00 against the US Dollar and broke 0.080BTC versus Bitcoin. ETH/USD now eyes further gains towards the $375.00 level.
There are two bullish trendlines positioned with support at $355.00 and $345.00 on the hourly chart of ETH/USD.
After completing a short-term correction, Ether climbed to a new monthly high of $366.93 against the US Dollar.
Technically, the hourly chart indicators have reached extreme overbought levels, calling for a correction.
Ether Price Poised for Further Upsides
Yesterday, ETH/USD faced a strong resistance near $345.00-350.00 and corrected lower. It tested the $335.00 support zone, completed a correction, and recently spiked above the $350.00 resistance.
Similarly, the ETH/BTC pair gained bullish momentum and surpassed a major resistance zone near 0.080BTC. The overall market sentiment for Ether was boosted and its price extended gains.
The hourly chart of ETH/USD shows how the pair slowly moved towards $350.00, finally clearing a sell wall to trade for a new monthly high of $366.93.
Ether is now giving up some of its recent gains against the US Dollar and could trade back towards $360.00 or even $355.00. On the downside, there are two bullish trendlines positioned with support at $355.00 and $345.00.
An initial support is near the first trend line at $355.00 and the 38.2 percent Fibonacci retracement level of the last leg from the $335.51 low to $366.93 high. Below $355.00, there is a key support at $350.00.
The $350.00 support holds a lot of value since it is the 50 percent Fibonacci retracement level of the last leg from the $335.51 low to $366.93 high. The most important trend line support sits at $345.00 for the current uptrend.
Moving on to the 4-hour chart of ETH/USD, yesterday's resistance trend line with a current hurdle at $365.00 is still active. It could result in another short-term correction towards $355.00-350.00 before the price attempts a run towards $375.00.
As of this writing, ETH/USD is up by more than 6% at $364.00, a break above $366.93 (recent high) would open the door to $$370.00 and finally $375.00. On the downside, the immediate support emerges at $355.00 followed by $350.00 (a previous resistance now support).
Windows 10 should bring lots of changes to Microsoft's operating system, including a possible overhaul of Internet Explorer. Many believed the beleaguered browser would be getting an update with codename "Spartan," including much-needed additions like extension support. Now, ZDNet reports that Spartan may in fact be a new browser entirely.
So what's different? Well, rumors say the underlying structure of IE/Spartan won't be changing that much. According to ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley, IE will continue to use Microsoft's JavaScript and rendering engines. However, the browser will be light-weight and akin to its rivals like Chrome and Firefox with extension support. This also brings up the question if Spartan will be portable on non-Windows systems, such as Android, iOS, or OS X. We don't know as of yet, but if it truly is mimicking Chrome and Firefox, the idea isn't too crazy.
Advertisement
Foley's undisclosed sources say Windows 10 will ship with both Spartan and IE11, though the latter may be for backwards compatibility only, and that Spartan will also be available on the Windows 10 mobile OS. The name Spartan could be a codename for Microsoft's new browser, but the company does have an affinity for using Halo references for its software (i.e. Cortana). Whatever it will be called, this news seems more involved than just changing the name of the browser as the IE team suggested during a Reddit AMA earlier this year.
Spartan seems like it could be a "two birds, one stone" solution. Kill off the brand name that has become synonymous with poor browser performance, and create something new that addresses all the shortcomings of its forebears. Every new leak makes Windows 10 seem like the software savior Microsoft needs. Hopefully we'll learn more about Spartan and everything else about Microsoft's new OS at the Windows 10 event in late January. [ZDNet]
The queer history of the word "butch" is, like most queer history, complicated and tangled up in subculture infrastructure. Nowadays "butch" is often (mis)used by straight people as shorthand for all cisgender, lesbian women who wear traditionally masculine clothes. But there are plenty of queer folks embracing their own unique definitions of "butch."
Lillian Faderman, a lesbian history scholar, told VICE that the boom in numbers of working class women in the '50s directly fed the roots of what would come to be known as "butch" style.
"In the early 20th century, when women first started to work in business, they often wore styles that emulated men. Later in the 20th century, middle class women who saw themselves as butch would often disguise their sexual identity when they went to work," they said. "I would hang around the working-class bars and it was almost a uniform. Butch women would wear chinos, fly-front pants, and a T-shirt underneath a button-down shirt and very often penny loafers."
Butch-ness is of course about more than dress, and the intricacies of it vary from person to person. Modern butch identity also varies from gender to gender, since some nonbinary folks have begun to adopt the moniker as well.
Here's what five queer millennials have to say about what being butch means to them — and why embracing this identity helped them figure out who they really are.
1. S.A. Cecil
S.A. Cecil
Cecil tells Bustle they started picking traditionally masculine clothes at around age 12, when they were first allowed to dress herself.
"Since then I've dressed at various levels of gender nonconformity," they explain. "I don't remember when I started calling myself butch, but it just seems to fit like I've been doing it my whole life (which I know is not possible, but it feels like it anyway). When I'm not sure about anything else about myself or my identity, I still know I'm butch."
Cecil says being butch is about expressing themselves as genuinely as possible. For her, butch fashion is all about feeling comfortable in their own skin.
"I just wear what feels good to me personally, without worrying about appealing to men or following trends," they explain. "What drew me to the [butch identity] is a sense of pride in being gender-nonconforming, in rejecting what society expects of women. I don't just fail to fit their mold, I fit my own, custom-tailored and — for me — more authentic mold instead."
2. Katherine Mitchell
Katherine Mitchell
"I'm trans, so it actually took a bit of time to 'come out' as butch," Mitchell tells Bustle. "Being a trans woman and butch is hard, because being gendered properly is often a safety issue. I had to leave the south before I was able to cut my hair short and wear butch clothes."
Mitchell explains that the comfort of butch fashion, and its cultural significance, drew them in. Constantly keeping up with shaving their legs and wearing femme clothes not built for trans bodies took a psychological toll on her, and they wanted to project an image that would be "immediately identifiable to other lesbians and nonbinary folks," they say.
Being able to control their own image gives them a kind of power, they say. "I am the master of the image I project and don't let myself be limited by the societal walled garden of binary gender roles and expectations. It feels like a victory to not just be a trans woman, but to be a trans butch lesbian."
3. Britt S.
Britt S.
Britt explains they started identifying as butch only within the last few years, and says getting there was "quite the mental hurdle" because they grew up in an environment rife with derogatory jokes about butch women. But finally embracing being butch themselves ended up being an empowering experience for them
They ditched most of their femme-coded clothing, and says they currently wear a lot of T-shirts, since they have trouble finding clothes to fit their plus-size frame. "It's still a work in progress, but now I actually love my clothing instead of feeling like I'm wearing a costume," they say. "The concept of ‘butch style' is really more personal for me, but I do have a lot of butch and nonbinary friends who also inspire me a lot with their style."
Britt says butch identity "still has some fraught points for me, as I identify as queer am attracted to other masculine butch folks. That relationship still seems like a rarity in a lot of queer circles, but being able to use the ‘butch' label to also identify who I am interested in is incredibly important to me. [...] I don't think there's a right or wrong way to be butch at all."
4. Fallon
Fallon
Fallon, who asked to be identified by first name only, tells Bustle they started IDing as a nonbinary butch lesbian two years ago, when they were 20, after "a fair amount of gender and sexuality-related turmoil."
They identified first (and still identify) as nonbinary, as well as gender-nonconforming, but say the butch label is the one they most strongly identify. "I like how I look in the mirror better when I'm butched out, but it's also really nice to go out and see other butches in my community and know that there are people out here who feel just like I do," they explain. "It definitely offers a sense of community."
Before they identified as butch, they wore plenty of traditionally feminine clothes, and did their makeup and hair, but "I was always so uncomfortable," they say. "It felt kind of like a farce."
Now, "As a butch lesbian, I can just be myself and I can be comfortable being myself. Being gay and butch means everything to me. It's an integral part of who I am. Even if I still wear makeup sometimes."
5. Eszter
Eszter
Eszter, who asked to be referred to by first name only, tells Bustle they also got into butch fashion within the last few years, and that being butch and gender non-conforming is still an ever-changing concept for them
They explain they always loved butchfashion, even before they knew the word for it. Living with their butch best friend was what helped them finally dress the way she'd always wanted to, and begin identifying with the identity. "There was so much positivity between us surrounding the idea of being butch," they say. "My only worry was to never be as cool as the butch women I admired (including my best friend)."
Eszter says though a lot of butch fashion features traditionally masculine clothing, they don't feel like their butch identity has anything to do with masculinity. " Just because I like plaid shirts and practical clothing (the pockets!! elbow deep!) doesn't mean I'm embracing some form of inherent masculinity," they explain. "It's all about being who I am and looking the way I prefer to and wearing things I feel good and like myself in."
While there are countless interpretations of modern butch style and identity, they all seem to offer a few much-needed constants, like affirmation, self-confidence, and community. And that is certainly worth embracing.
Square Enix and their deal with Disney to make the Kingdom Hearts series has always brought some of the most wonderful characters and stories to the incredible multi-universe story and adventures of Sora and the heartless.
We may now see some new Disney owned characters in the upcoming third title in the primary games. In an interview with Kotaku, game designer and co-director Tai Yasue claimed all Disney worlds are made available to the developer.
“[The worlds] are all under consideration. Nothing's off-limits, we're considering all of the worlds. There are so many wonderful concepts. We're happy about that, but at the same time it's really tough to choose.”
While nothing is confirmed, we now know Square Enix is at least considering the addition of the newly acquired Disney IPs.
Sora battling alongside the likes of Spider-Man, the Hulk, Han Solo, and Luke Skywalker are all very realistic possibilities right now.
Though Kingdom Hearts III has no definitive release date as of yet, the Square-Enix adventure game is expected to release late 2015 on the Xbox One and PS4.
EPFL scientists have built a new type of inorganic nanocomposite that makes perovskite quantum dot exceptionally stable against air exposure, sunlight, heat, and water.
Quantum dots are nanometer-size, semiconducting materials whose tiny size gives them unique optical properties. Much effort has been put in building quantum dots from perovskites, which already show much promise for solar panels, LEDs and laser technologies. Their fundamental optoelectronic properties are also very unique and of great interest among the scientific community. However, perovskite quantum dots have huge issues with stability against air, heat, light, and water. EPFL scientists have now succeeded in building perovskite quantum dot films with a technique that helps them overcome these weaknesses. The work is published in Angewandte Chemie.
The new approach to stabilize the perovskite quantum dots was developed in the lab of Raffaella Buonsanti at EPFL Valais Wallis. The innovation of this study, developed by Anna Loiudice and PhD student Seryio Saris, lies in a technique called "atomic layer deposition" (ALD), which is commonly used to fabricate ultra-thin films with high uniformity in their structure. The idea was to use ALD to encapsulate the perovskite quantum dots with an amorphous alumina matrix, which acts as a gas and ion diffusion barrier thus making the quantum dots more robust against air, light, heat, and moisture.
The team used an array of characterization techniques to monitor the nucleation and growth process of the alumina matrix on the quantum dot surface. The process showed that the interaction between the ALD precursor and the dot surface is crucial in order to uniformly coat the dots while preserving their optoelectronic properties.
"By addressing the stability challenge of perovskite quantum dots, this work is expected to greatly impact the field by enabling fundamental optoelectronic studies, which require the samples to be stable during the measurements, in addition to increase the durability of devices based on this new class of quantum dots," say the authors.
This work received contributions from EPFL's Interdisciplinary Centre for Electron Microscopy. It was funded by a Horizon 2020-Marie Curie Individual Fellowship and the Swiss National Science Foundation.
They seldom meet on the cricket or football fields, but the world's small island developing states are informally competing with each other to be the first to ditch fossil fuels and embrace clean energy.
A new United Nations analysis of the most recent energy plans of 52 low lying poor countries - traditionally heavily dependent on imports of petrol and oil - shows the Caribbean island of Dominica leading the world with plans to become carbon "negative" by 2020. The Maldives is not far behind, hoping to be carbon neutral by 2020. Tuvalu and the Cook islands intend to generate all their electricity from renewables by 2020 and Timor-Leste, the poorest country in Asia, expects to provide solar electricity to all its 100,000 families by 2030.
With Tonga, Samoa, Nauru, Mauritius and many other countries also volunteering to switch to solar, geothermal and wind energy, the collective target of the group of 52 small island developing states is a 45% cut in emissions in the next 18 years - considerably more than the world's rich countries who between them have pledged 12-18% cuts by 2020.
"We are showing the world leadership," said Dominican ambassador to the UN, Vince Henderson, at a UN development programme meeting ahead of next week's reconvened climate talks in Bonn, Germany.
"This is about survival as well as economics. We are spending $220m a year importing fuel so it is in our interests. It is vested interests by the oil, coal and fossil fuel industries that is preventing rich countries meeting their obligations. We are demanding that all countries take their responsibilities."
"Small island developing states can leap toward the goal of a poverty-free and prosperous future by changing their energy sectors," said Barbados prime minister, Freundel Stuart. "We can rally the international community with a unified voice, sharing our aspiration to become fully sustainable."
In a separate development, the world's 47 least developed countries (LDCs) will propose on Monday what they call a "bold new plan" to help break the deadlock and speed up the UN climate talks. It is expected that the group, which sided with the EU in the final hours of the Durban climate summit last December, will press for a new body to negotiate a second protocol under the UN climate convention as well as accept 75% approval on decisions rather than the complete consensus of all countries.
"Countries agreed to complete negotiations by 2015, but such deadlines have been broken before," said Pa Ousman Jarju, the chair of the LDC group. "Our countries cannot wait. We are already feeling the effects of climate change, but the time has come for us to be leaders in the international effort to address this global challenge."
"The creation of a new body to negotiate a second protocol … represents an overdue acknowledgement by all parties that the climate convention and the Kyoto protocol alone are insufficient to drive action consistent with the ultimate objective of the convention," said Jarju.
Dunk City is coming to Gainesville.
For the first time since the 2013 NCAA Tournament, Florida and Florida Gulf Coast will meet on a basketball court, this time in a nonconference game on November 27 in Gainesville, according to multiple reports from Naples-area writers.
#Gators will host @FGCU_MBB on November 27th at the O'Dome. — Joe Girvan (@JoeGirvanNBC2) June 19, 2015
#FGCU visit to #Gators on Nov. 27 is stand-alone game, not part of tourney. Not sure of/if any guarantee amount. Thinking yes. — Seth Soffian (@NewsPressSeth) June 19, 2015
That last meeting between the two teams was in the Sweet Sixteen of that 2013 NCAA Tournament, in which Florida slowed down the high-octane, dunk-happy Eagles — the darlings of the 2013 NCAA Tournament — in a 62-50 victory. The two years since then have produced more turnover in the two programs than you might expect: The only player who appeared in that game and remains on either program's roster is FGCU's Filip Cvjeticanin, who played just six minutes for the Eagles that night in Dallas North Texas, and coaches Billy Donovan (Oklahoma City Thunder) and Andy Enfield (USC) have each departed their Sunshine State schools.
In the teams' only other meeting, Florida defeated FGCU in a nonconference game in 2008. For a sense of how long ago that was, Walter Hodge and Alex Tyus led the Gators in scoring in that game, chipping in 19 points each.
BOSTON, MA – The Boston Bruins announced today, July 6, their roster, practice schedule and media availability for the Bruins' 10th annual Development Camp at Ristuccia Arena in Wilmington, MA (190 Main Street, Wilmington, MA 01887). Please note roster, practice times and availability are subject to change.
Save
Save
The Bruins Development Camp will be held from Tuesday, July 12 through Friday, July 15. All on-ice sessions of the Bruins Development Camp are open to the public and the media. The Development Camp participants will also partake in a variety of community events on Thursday, July 14 with locations and times to be announced at a later date.The Development Camp roster features 27 players, including 14 forwards, nine defensemen and four goaltenders. The roster includes 26 players within the Bruins organization, with the lone exception being goaltender Stephen Dhillon from Buffalo, N.Y., who will attend on an invite basis.(Players are listed in alphabetical order by last name)Jack Becker, Anders Bjork, Jake DeBrusk, Ryan Donato, Ryan Fitzgerald, Trent Frederic, Jesse Gabrielle, Danton Heinen, Cameron Hughes, Joona Koppanen, Sean Kuraly, Mark Naclerio, Zachary Senyshyn (not expected to attend due to mono), Oskar SteenBrandon Carlo, Cameron Clarke, Matt Grzelcyk, Emil Johansson, Jeremy Lauzon, Ryan Lindgren, Charlie McAvoy, Wiley Sherman, Jakub ZborilStephen Dhillon*, Zane McIntyre, Malcolm Subban, Daniel Vladar*Indicates attendance to Development Camp is on an invite basisPlease note that 2015 second round pick Jakob Forsbacka Karlsson will not be at Development Camp. The Bruins and Forsbacka Karlsson agreed that they would not attend due to school, family and travel commitments.(Locations and times are subject to change)-Off-ice testing (Not open to media), Ristuccia Arena, 9:00 a.m.-On-ice practice, Ristuccia Arena, 11:00 a.m.-On-ice practice, Ristuccia Arena, 10:00 a.m.-On-ice practice, Ristuccia Arena, 10:00 a.m.-On-ice practice, Ristuccia Arena, 10:00 a.m.
The Icelandic Pirate Party has entered Parliament. This is clear as all the votes have been counted, with the Pirate Party at 5.1% as final result, just above the five-percent barrier to entry.
UPDATE AT 1000 UTC
During the night, the support for the Icelandic Pirate Party briefly fell below the five-percent barrier to entry, making the outcome uncertain and the polls wrong. As of 1000 UTC, with all the votes counted, the Pirate Party's support is at During the night, the support for the Icelandic Pirate Party briefly fell below the five-percent barrier to entry, making the outcome uncertain and the polls wrong. As of 1000 UTC, with all the votes counted, the Pirate Party's support is at 5.1% with three seats . Article text has been updated to reflect this.
The Icelandic election campaign for the Alþing, the Icelandic parliament (pictured), had been bulging back and forth in support for the major parties. One thing that looked consistent was that the nascent Icelandic Pirate Party kept growing, polling between 6.5% and 9.0% in recent polls.
As the first MP was announced for the Pirate Party from the Iceland Southwest constituency, where the party initially held a full 8.3% of the votes, the roof lifted at the Pirate victory dinner celebrations in a posh seafood restaurant in the center of Reykjavik.
The Icelanders are something of a phenomenon, even within the quickly-growing Pirate Party movement. The Icelandic Pirates were founded a mere nine months ago, and got seats in the Alþing today – three seats, as per current projections. That is a speed record by any measure.
This makes the Icelandic Pirate Party the first in the movement to enter a national, proportional parliament! Heartfelt congratulations. Achievement unlocked. After this victory, there are no further governmental levels where the movement is not represented.
The Icelandic Pirate Party didn't start from nothing, though. They were lucky enough to have very seasoned activists bootstrap the party – such as Birgitta Jónsdóttir (of Wikileaks and of the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative, et al) and Smári McCarthy (similarly involved in IMMI and other projects). We don't know yet which pirates get the actual seats in the Alþing – that will depend on vote distribution among constituencies and such.
Regardless, there will no doubt be a lot of work to do in the Alþing – even though Iceland has been very progressive with its ideas, fewer of those ideas have been implemented in law. Having legislators in Iceland may facilitate that; there's a lot of work up ahead.
But not tonight.
Tonight, we party and salute our glasses of rum to our Icelandic brothers and sisters in the movement. Well done!
Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) -- Hours before former San Francisco 49er Bruce Miller allegedly beat an elderly man, they were thrown out of a sandwich shop in San Francisco and KRON4 has obtained video from inside the store.
Miller was arrested Monday at the Marriott Fisherman's Wharf hotel in San Francisco on Monday at around 2:45 a.m.
Before the hotel incident, Miller went to Tommy's Joynt at 1101 Geary Blvd. The manager of the shop says Miller had no money and was asking other customers to buy them sandwiches.
In the video that was given to KRON4 from a JV Show on 94.9 listener, Miller can barely stand up on their own.  They are seen acting erratically as a waiter tries to get them to leave.
"I'm not even kidding stop. You're trippin'. We're just trying to be here and do our thing, settle down," the waiter says as they try to calm them down.
The manager says they had to kick Miller out when they got into a fight over a sandwich.
Later that night, police were called to the hotel after Miller tried to enter the room of an elderly couple. The couple's adult son, staying in the next room, told Miller they were at the wrong room.
Police say an intoxicated Miller attacked the son and punched their 70-year-old father. Both men were taken to the hospital. Later that afternoon, the 49ers released Miller from the team.
Miller has been charged with seven felony charges and one misdemeanor charge.  They are due in court Friday to be arraigned.
After over 12 years of using Vi(m), and a brief fling with TextMate, I started using Emacs as my primary editor.
Emacs
The switch has been very positive. The learning curve has been relatively steep, as my expectations from a text editor are quite high.
Emacs strength (and weakness) is that it is incredibly extensible. Where I'm finding Emacs a win over Vim is that I don't have to leave Emacs to get things done. With Vim, I tend to use more of a mix of terminal windows and the editor.
I began by using the starter kit to get going with Emacs configuration. This made it quicker to get moving, but added a lot of things I ended up not needing. After getting more comfortable with elisp, I started from scratch and rebuilt my emacs.d folder.
To jump in quickly, I also purchased the tutorial video from Peepcode. This certainly helped as emacs is a mental shift coming from Vim.
The big benefit I have found with Emacs is the extension packages. These can be installed from the ELPA repository, and include a range of different modes.
Some of my favourite modes include:
paredit - essential for any lisp, it ensures your brackets match.
deft - simplified note taking. (I syncs via Dropbox)
magit - comprehensive Git workflow within Emacs
markdown-mode - my current default for writing notes, although I'm leaning towards org-mode now.
org-mode - highly capable note taking mode, with export options to everything. You can use it to write a book, create slides, or manage your to-do list.
On the Mac, I've been using Aquamacs for most of my text editing, and used macports to install the command line client.
I have yet to try Emacs on Windows, as I haven't been using Windows much at all. There is a release available here.
After cleaning up my .emacs.d configuration, I've now started using Emacs on Linux servers I use regularly. For temporary servers, I'll fall back to Vim as Emacs is often not installed.
If you want to improve your emacs skills follow @emacs_knight.
Vim
To get started with Vim, it is worth reading The Vim Learning Curve is a Myth.
Over the years, the popular mythology around vim has become that it's insanely difficult to learn; a task to be attempted by only those with the thickest of neck-beards. I've heard dozens of times from folks who are convinced it will take them months to reach proficiency. These beliefs are false.
My feeling is that Vim is unrivalled for the simple task of text editing. Even after a day or two of learning, you will be faster.
Where things get a bit more complicated is when you start to realise that text editing isn't the whole story for a text editor.
Platform support is superb. The first thing I do to a Windows machine is install Vim. It is rare for an application with a Unix heritage to be so comfortable on Windows.
Historically, I hadn't been a fan of the graphical version of MacVim. This is something that is much better in recent releases. Load times are much improved.
Integration into external tools is where I feel Vim is lacking a bit. With the number of developers migrating from TextMate to Vim, this gap is being rapidly addressed. However, Vim isn't as extensible as some other editors.
I really noticed this when trying out Clojure programming. If you are dealing with a REPL based environment, Vim has a way to go.
Closing Thoughts
If you aren't using either of them, it's not too late to start. You can't make a bad choice.
If you are already using either Emacs or Vim, enjoy!
Both are great editors that allow you to be incredibly productive at working with text. Try learning a new feature each week. You use your text editor so often that a small improvement is a major payoff.
Despite China's efforts to curb capital outflows, the country "will keep bleeding money," a foreign exchange strategist said Tuesday.
The world's second largest economy released foreign-exchange reserves data for January on Tuesday.
Economists polled by Reuters had said China's FX reserves would likely fall about $10.5 billion in January, roughly a quarter of the drop seen in December, leaving them hovering around the closely-watched $3 trillion level.
UBS' foreign exchange strategist Wayne Gordon said China's foreign exchange reserves will likely fall to $2.7 to $2.8 trillion by the end of the year, with USD/CNY reaching 7.2.
The Chinese currency has been under pressure in the last year as Chinese conglomerates snap up U.S. and European companies, while Chinese individuals purchase U.S. real estate amid political uncertainties and expectations of a weaker yuan.
The USD/CNY fix was little changed at 6.8604 on Tuesday from 6.8606 on Monday. On the spot market, the pair is up 4.4 percent from a year ago.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj makes a statement in Rajya Sabha on 39 Indians missing in Iraq
The government says there is no evidence to support a media report that claimed 39 Indians who went missing in Iraq in June have been killed by Islamic State militants.Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said the same allegation - that the Indians have been killed - has been reported in different newspapers over the last few months. "We are not trusting these reports, we continue to make every effort to locate the Indians and bring them back safely," they said in Parliament.ABP news last night claimed that in Erbil in Iraq, its reporter met with two Bangladeshi construction workers who said one of 40 Indians taken hostage by IS earlier this year had managed to escape and told them that the rest of their group had been killed. The Indians worked with a construction company in Baghdad. They were kidnapped in Iraq's second largest city of Mosul after it fell to IS. No ransom demand has been received, the government has said.
Welcome to another Arsecast Extra, the Arsenal podcast, with myself and James from @Gunnerblog.
In the first part of the show James and I look back on what was a brilliant weekend as Arsenal won the FA Cup for a record 13th time beating Chelsea 2-1 at Wembley. We chat about the performance, the team selection, the emotion, all the bits and pieces from the game, Per Mertesacker's heroics, and we get to hear the tender, slightly drunken, voicemail I left James after the game. In the second half, as James has to go to work in Greece, I'm joined by Andrew Allen to do the Q&A which includes questions about transfers, Alexis Sanchez and their future, the best moments from the final, and lots more.
Remember, you can send us questions via which we'll try and get to each week. Send them to either @arseblog or @Gunnerblog (or both) using the hashtag #arsecastextra. Best to send them Monday morning so they get noticed more easily.
You can subscribe to the Arsecast Extra on iTunes by clicking here. Or if you want to subscribe directly to the feed URL you can do so too (this is a much better way to do it as you don't experience the delays from iTunes).
You can listen without leaving this page by using the player below, download the Acast app for iOS or Android, or download the MP3 directly using the link below.
Also, if you're a fan of the show, please leave us a rating/review on iTunes, it'd be greatly appreciated.
This Arsecast Extra was recorded with ipDTL
About 1,250 soldiers from the 10th Mountain Division will deploy to Iraq later this year, officials said Monday.
The soldiers from the division's 1st Brigade Combat Team will deploy in August or September, said Maj. Josh Jacques, a spokesperson for the division.
The Fort Drum, New York-based soldiers are expected to deploy for nine months, and they will replace paratroopers from 3rd BCT, 82nd Airborne Division, who have been in Iraq since January, Jacques said.
The announcement about the soldiers' upcoming deployment came as new Defense Secretary Ashton Carter visited Fort Drum on Monday.
Carter thanked the troops for their service during their first domestic trip since being sworn in on March 6.
"Some of you are recently back from Afghanistan. Some of you are off again to Afghanistan," Carter said. "And some of you — and this is important — will be going to Iraq, to train, advise and assist the Iraqi security forces so that they can be the force that sustains the defeat of ISIL after ISIL is defeated, which it will be. But in order to sustain that defeat, we need a force on the ground, and that's what you'll be helping to create."
Carter acknowledged the troops' sacrifices, especially after more than a decade of war.
"I know it's not easy," they said. "We're asking a lot of you. That's why regionally aligned forces are going to be so important to our future. You all will continue to be, on our behalf, globally engaged, and I know that's challenging, but it's also incredibly important."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Army Times Daily News Roundup
Col. Mark O'Donnell, commander of 1st BCT, said in a statement that their soldiers were ready for the Iraq mission.
"This brigade has a history of excelling in whatever mission we're given, so I expect our troops to do well by helping to train, advise and assist the Iraqi and peshmerga forces in the defeat of ISIL," O'Donnell said. "We recently completed training at the Joint Readiness Training Center, so our soldiers and families are fully prepared to succeed knowing that we're one of the most-trained and ready forces in our Army."
The brigade's last deployment, which ended in the fall of 2013, was a nine-month deployment to Afghanistan.
There are almost 3,000 U.S. troops in Iraq, most of them soldiers.
American soldiers in Iraq are either training Iraqi troops at Building Partner Capacity sites across the country or advising and assisting the Iraqi troops who are engaged in the fight against the Islamic State.
Jon Stewart mocked the “gun nuts” over at the National Rifle Association on Thursday's “The Daily Show” for disavowing their fairly reasonable statement that admitted toting firearms into fast food restaurants was “downright weird.”
After members of Open Carry Texas cut up their NRA membership cards in response — as Stewart pointed out, if open carry advocates were “sitting on a bunker full of assault rifles,” why did they choose to make their point with scissors? — the NRA quickly reversed course and apologized.
“Wow. Everyone's scared of gun nuts — even other gun nuts,” they said.
While the open carry advocates and NRA members live by the mantra of being a “good guy with a gun,” Stewart continued, the “members of the National Everybody Else Association” have no idea whether the person standing behind them in line at Chili's carrying a rifle is indeed a good guy.
“We are at the intersection of Open Carry Road and ‘Stand Your Ground' Place,” they observed. “Here's where we are. So what the f*ck are we supposed to do now? According to the NRA's basic principles, you have a right to carry a weapon that may cause a reasonable person to believe they are in danger of great bodily injury. And they have a right, if they feel that way, to respond with deadly force. It's a perpetual violence machine. It's ‘Gunfight at the Golden Corral.'”
Watch below:
We've all received them: emails offering special prices on Viagra, offering fortunes we didn't know we had, offering links to fantastic websites we simply must visit right away.
Annoying as! But the technology to stop spam and other undesirable emails not only exists, it's been around for years.
With cyber crime costing Australia more than a billion dollars a year, it's well and truly time we did something to improve our defences. And what better way to start than by securing email: a piece of technology that most of us use every day.
Cyber crime for dummies
One of the easiest methods for carrying out cyber crime is to send an unsolicited or spam email which contains: a virus; an attempt to acquire an individual's sensitive information (known as “phishing”); or some other mechanism for perpetrating internet crime.
The current worldwide email system is based on a standard called the Simple Mail Transport Protocol (SMTP) which was created in 1982 and last updated in 2008.
The system has served us well for decades, but it also allows fake emails to be sent and received with no way of tracing them to their point of origin.
In the last 30 years there have been a number of updates to SMTP, including two methods that can be used to improve security and fight spam.
Sign-in to send
The first update, released in 1995, was an extension of SMTP called SMTP-AUTH. This was introduced to allow authentication of email clients.
Say your email system at work uses SMTP-AUTH. Whenever your email client (such as Microsoft Outlook or Apple Mail) communicates with the server that stores, receives and sends your emails, the server would ask the client for a password.
In this way, all email traffic sent through an email server is authenticated and can be traced in the case of fake or malicious emails.
While SMTP-AUTH is a great idea in theory, it hasn't been adopted in practice because many organisations use email systems that either don't implement SMTP-AUTH correctly or don't specify that it should be turned on.
Worryingly, it's also possible to fake the credentials required by the SMTP-AUTH rules in an email message and to make matters worse mail servers may be setup on hijacked computers solely for the purpose of sending fake or malicious emails.
As a result, SMTP-AUTH is practically useless if used alone.
Spam … not always what the discerning customer wants.
Lockdown
The second extension to SMTP that can be used to fight spam – Secure SMTP (also known as SMTPS) – was introduced in 1997. SMTPS has the benefit of using the encrypted Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) communication protocol, an approach used to secure e-commerce and online banking services today.
If your workplace wanted to utilise SMTPS, it would need to:
Choose one of the many SSL certificate providers (such as VeriSign)
Complete a verification process to prove the identity of the business
Pay the price for the SSL certificate (around $50 a year)
Install the SSL certificate on the company's email server
With the SSL certificate installed on the email server, all communication between the server and the client (and with other mail servers) would be both authenticated and encrypted.
Tracing spam and other nasties
With SMTPS implemented, spam and malicious emails can then be tracked back to the source email server.
If an email server is found to be the source of spam or other email-related criminal activities, the authorities could issue a notice to the company that owns the email server.
The notice would contain details of the infraction and identify actions to be taken to prevent the problem happening again.
If an email server is found to be a constant source of problem emails, the authorities could act to: fine the company that owns the email server or revoke the SSL certificate issued for the email server domain, thereby removing the email server from service.
Cyber crime is now a significant worldwide problem and every effort must be made to reduce or stop the problem: people's lives are being negatively affected and the economy is being harmed.
The Australian Government must act to reduce internet crime. Implementing the mandatory use of SMTPS would be a good start.
The Australian Government could go one step further and send delegates to the United Nations – which controls the standards used for the internet – and lobby for the immediate introduction of SMTPS worldwide.
One step at a time though …
Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Reflecting closely on both the crisis and movement against austerity in Greece here in Canada is clearly important, not simple due to the unprecedented nature of the latest events in recent history, but most critically because of the under-reported but very real impacts that deep austerity policies are having at home from coast-to-coast.
Austerity in Canada has been imposed and prescribed as viable economic policy by both Liberal and Conservative governments over the past couple decades.
Similar to austerity's proponents in Europe, the claim by politicians and also the Bay Street banking sector since the mid-1990s, is that through inflicting serious spending cuts to the public sector and public institutions, the easing of public debt would relieve the national economy and create growth for everybody.
In reality pro-corporate tax policies in Canada have worked to ensure that public debt was never seriously addressed, while neoliberal austerity simply has equaled extreme growth for those at the top of the financial strata. Canada has the lowest corporate tax rate within the G7 economies, which works to loot billions from potential public revenues.
In Canada the corporate sector has been increasingly relieved of facing the economic challenges facing our society, they are unjustly protected by corporate-oriented tax policies that we pay for. In parallel key public institutions, like health care, essential to the functioning of society and our also collective well being, are being severely destabilized.
In real terms Canada's invisible hand of the market has been stealing massive amounts from the wallets of working people, while receiving full backing by the state.
Austerity in Canada is real and urgently needs to be called out. The fact that all major politicians competing for the fall 2015 election are largely avoiding any deep criticism of austerity, NDP included, is a real problem. This relative silence on austerity today points to a potential future disaster, the deepening of a Liberal, Conservative and NDP consensus on the issue, that works to sustain much of the political space for the violence of corporate-driven austerity to continue. Sounding the alarm on this is important.
Looking at the sustaining impacts of austerity on public health care is also key within this context.
Since the 1994 IMF backed austerity budget, presented by former Liberal Finance Minister Paul Martin, public health care has been on the cutting block. Aside from inflicting budgetary cuts then that have never been fully recovered, Martin's neoliberal budget over two decades ago began the drift away from federal policy responsibility toward national public health care. Martin worked to solidify a federal transfer payment funding method, which places the burden of dealing with systemic underfunding on the provincial administrations, who are intrinsically forced through systemic federal underfunding to deepen austerity measures in the health sector.
In reality the gradual, austerity-driven, undercutting of federal policy responsibility toward a viable public health-care system has only compounded the growing financial storm facing the public health sector.
One of the last critical major policy decisions that Conservative finance minister Jim Flaherty made on this front was in December 2011, during a top-down meeting with provincial politicians in Victoria. Flaherty outlined a non-negotiable plan to link federal health care funding to GDP, essentially linking health care spending with the uncertainty of the private market, an important ideological move, shifting health care away from being a collective public responsibility, toward being a 'service' facing at a fundamental level the instability of free market winds.
Also by extension, the Conservative government in Ottawa and Harper particularly, has refused to sign a new federal health care accord.
Canada's last federal accord expired in 2014 and the Conservatives have been very specific about not engaging in any efforts to secure a new framework agreement with the provinces to help secure public health care in the long term. Ideologically speaking, the free market oriented fundamentalism that drives these decisions around public health care, is driven by a basic view that sees public health care as an economic burden to the economy and views health services as a potentially enormous private sector market, as it has become in the U.S. At odds with this fundamentalist view is the collective health of society, as an austerity policy mentality views public policy shaping as simply as a process to open up as much possible space for private sector profits to grow.
Beyond health care, austerity in Canada is equaling incredible economic violence. A systemic violence that has been the most brutal for already oppressed communities, like Indigenous peoples, the homeless, low income and non-status communities.
On a basic level, two decades of austerity in Canada have equaled major growth at the top of the economic spectrum, while poverty in Canada continues to expand as corporate profits rise to new heights. There is an economic crisis in Canada for the majority, those who have little influence over the market-oriented narratives pushed by the mainstream media, which are in real terms largely ignoring the financial crisis facing so many today.
Last year Canada's banks made $31.7 billion profit, officially, that is state-sanctioned economic violence in action, the formalization of economic looting. By extension working to survive on minimum and low income wages is becoming basically impossible for the long term, as the basic costs of living go up especially in urban centres, as rents climb sky high as compared to relatively stagnant working wages.
Recent government statistic indicate that 4.8 million people Canada are living in poverty, a number that has increased successively over the past decade. Austerity in Canada is real and violent.
The fact that this real crisis is largely ignored by politicians and mainstream media, while being stoked on a policy level, speaks to a great need for grassroots anti-austerity action. Austerity is not a priority focus in the lead-up to the fall election, it needs to be, toward the election and way beyond.
Like in Greece, any real challenge to austerity in Canada needs to be rooted in the streets and community action. Recent global jubilation over the ballot victory against neoliberal-driven EU creditors is fair, but must be placed into a grounded context, that takes into account the long term work of activists on this issue.
Anti-austerity organizing in Greece extends over years and really took off in 2011 and 2012, when mass protests physically confronted symbols of political and economic power that backed the violence of austerity.
Recent demonstration-driven struggles in Québec are an inspiring start at home, both the 2012 strike against tuition hikes and the 2015 spring strike actions against austerity, really did take direct aim at the austerity framework as imposed in Québec. Clearly the struggle in Québec is profoundly linked to Canada and the Conservative push toward austerity, extending both via federal policies on the corporate sector and also the nature of federal transfer payments in health and beyond.
Finding commonalities in our struggle against austerity across these lands called Canada is important, Greece needs to serve as a profound wake-up call for both the urgency and possibility for collective power and action to challenge austerity.
Stefan Christoff is a writer, community activism and musician living in Montréal who contributes to rabble.ca find Stefan @spirodon
Friday's loss to the Magic was a crushing blow to the Heat's chances to secure the No. 3 or No. 4 seed in the East and home court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
But it wasn't a mortal blow. There's still a chance (a 39.46% chance according to SportsLine) for the Heat to work itself back into position to host Games 1 and 2 of the playoffs in Round 1 as either the No. 3 or No. 4 seed.
In fact, they control their own destiny in the chase for the No. 4 seed.
It starts with what happens Saturday night when Atlanta, seeded No. 3 in the East, hosts Boston, seeded No. 4 in the East, in a crucial game. The Hawks and Celtics at 47-32, but the Hawks currently own the head-to-head tiebreaker 2-1.
If the Hawks lose Saturday's game and the Heat win their final three games, Miami would own the head-to-head tiebreaker with Atlanta and leapfrog them in the standings. If the Celtics lose Saturday's game and Miami wins out, the Heat would leapfrog the Celtics (by virtue of its win in Boston Wednesday) in the standings and earn home court.
The key to all this is Miami owning the division tiebreaker with Charlotte. Although the team split the season series, if the Heat and Hornets win out Miami would pass Charlotte based on division record.
After that, things get a little more complicated if the Heat lose one of its final three games. So, winning out is paramount to earning home court. To get the No. 3 seed, the Heat would need some help with the winner of Saturday's game (preferably the Hawks because Miami owns the head-to-head tiebreaker) losing at least another game down the road.
Here's a look at what's left on the schedule for the four teams fighting for the three through six seeds in the East:
Atlanta Hawks (47-32, 6-5 between teams, 8-7 in division, 28-21 vs. East; 3-1 vs. Hornets; 1-3 vs. Heat; 2-1 vs. Celtics)
vs. Celtics on Saturday, 7:30 p.m.
at Cavaliers on Monday, 7 p.m.
at Wizards on Wednesday, 8 p.m.
Boston Celtics (47-32, 5-2 between teams, 30-19 vs. East; 1-2 vs Hawks, 2-0 vs. Heat; 2-0 vs. Hornets)
at Hawks on Saturday, 7:30 p.m.
vs. Hornets on Monday, 7:30 p.m.
vs. Heat on Wednesday, 8 p.m.
Miami Heat (46-33, 5-5 between teams, 9-6 in division, 29-20 vs. East; 3-1 vs. Hawks; 2-2 vs. Hornets; 0-2 vs. Celtics)
vs. Magic on Sunday, 6 p.m.
at Pistons on Tuesday, 7:30 p.m.
at Celtics on Wednesday, 8 p.m.
Charlotte Hornets (46-33, 3-7 between teams, 7-7 in division, 31-18 vs. East; 1-3 vs. Hawks; 2-2 vs. Heat; 0-2 vs. Celtics)
at Wizards on Sunday, Noon
at Celtics on Monday, 7:30 p.m.
vs. Magic on Wednesday, 8 p.m.
NBA TIEBREAKER RULES
In case you wanted to figure out how Miami could still land home court if it loses one of its final three games, you can have at it with the tiebreaker rules below:
** Two-way ties: (1) Head-to-head; (2) Division win-loss percentage; (3) Conference win-loss percentage; (4) Winning percentage vs. playoff teams in own conference; (5) Win percentage vs. playoff teams in West; (7) Net points
** Multi-way ties: (1) Division leader wins tie from team not leading a division; (2) Heat-to-head win percentage; (3) Division win percentage for teams in same division; (4) Conference win percentage; (5) Win percentage vs. playoff teams in own conference; (6) Win percentage vs. playoff teams in West; (7) Net points
KEEP IN MIND
** Even if Miami loses its final three games, the Heat can't fall any lower the No. 6 seed. The best the Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers can finish is 45-37. The Heat already have 46 wins.
** The Cavaliers are on the verge of clinching the top seed in the East. If they win in Chicago Saturday night, they'll clinch the No. 1 seed, making Monday's game at home against the Hawks meaningless for them and an opportunity to rest starters. So, the Heat probably won't get any help there.
Old hostilities will be resumed on Thursday when former Manchester United and Liverpool stars clash in a charity legends match in Sweden.
Members of United's squad, who will be managed by former captain Bryan Robson, were pictured at the airport on Wednesday ahead of the match at the Friends Arena in Stockholm.
Legendary skipper Robson was joined by the likes of Dwight Yorke, Dennis Irwin, who will captain the side, and Quinton Fortune as the players prepared to board their flight to Scandinavia.
Former Manchester United stars (left to right) Quinton Fortune, Dwight Yorke, Mickey Thomas, Denis Irwin, Bryan Robson, Clayton Blackmore, Keith Gillespie, Lee Martin and Kevin Pilkington
Former United captain Robson will manage the legends team for the clash against Liverpool on Thursday
Former goal machine Dwight Yorke will hope to be on target again for their former club in Sweden
Liverpool's squad will be managed by the club's record goalscorer Ian Rush and will be captained by Robbie Fowler while the likes of Jason McAteer, Didi Hamann, Stephane Henchoz, Luis Garcia and Vladimir Smicer will pull on the famous shirt once again.
The match, which is billed as friendly, is set to be anything but with Fowler insisting the rivalry between the clubs even exists for a charity match.
'It's massive, certainly from a playing point of view,' Fowler told Liverpoolfc.com. 'You admire them for what they've achieved and respect them, but we as Liverpool, we think we're better.
'Manchester United probably do the same, they've probably got players saying the same things that I'm saying.
Liverpool's all-time leading goalscorer Ian Rush will be in charge for the Reds for the charity clash
Liverpool legend Robbie Fowler will captain the side and insists the rivalry will be as fierce as ever
'We've [both] got that pride in ourselves where we don't want to let ourselves down but the rivalry will always be there and I think that's good for the game.
'No matter how old you are; I think you could go up to the Academy on a Saturday morning and Liverpool are playing Manchester United and the tackles are getting thrown in.
'It's drummed into you from an early age, you've got to beat the likes of Manchester United, you've got to beat Everton. And that stays with you.'
MANCHESTER UNITED SQUAD Manager: Bryan Robson Raimond van der Gouw, Lee Martin, Denis Irwin, Karel Poborsky, Ronny Johnsen, Clayton Blackmore, Russell Beardsmore, Keith Gillespie, Mickey Thomas, Kevin Pilkington, Ben Thornley, Jesper Blomqvist, Dwight Yorke, Quinton Fortune
Basically, We Are Raising Money!
Thank you for taking the time to look over our video and learn more about our new project! We are taking ISMAIL to the screen and we are here to ask for your support.
ISMAIL is a short film set in Palestine in 1949 and inspired by the late Palestinian painter Ismail Shammout (1930-2006). The film is a social drama that explores the ideas of exodus, survival, escape, and brotherhood.
http://www.ismail-shammout.com/
We're in Pre-production at the moment, getting ready to shoot on location in Amman, Jordan in May 2012, and as we're getting close, WE NEED YOUR HELP to raise the last bit of money to make the film happen!
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING HOW TO DONATE PLEASE CONTACT: Dalia at d.naber@greyscalefilms.com
Scroll down and learn more about the project!
WHAT IS THE STORY ABOUT?
Ismail is a young Palestinian struggling to support their parents and the rest of their family after their expulsion to a Refugee camp in 1948 by the Israeli forces. Despite the wretched life and distressing conditions they hold to their dream to go to Rome to learn painting. One day and after selling cakes at the train station with their little brother, they heedlessly enter a minefield. As Ismail faces death, and in their struggle to save themselves and their little brother, we discover their true spirit.
WHY TELL THIS STORY?
After the 1948 war, young Ismail, like hundreds of thousands of Palestinians who were evicted from their land, was forced to live as a refugee. Despite the whole deplorable circumstances, Ismail never gave up their dream and confronted the intolerable day-to-day life with high spirit and an air of a rather cheerful defiance, because giving up meant defeat and death.
Are we talking here about Ismail or about all the Palestinians who were the subject of extreme injustice by people who themselves were the victims of the same oppression and persecution? Ismail in the story is then not just a protagonist; they are a metaphor for an entire nation who is trapped in a country that has become a minefield.
HOW CAN YOU HELP?
Any amount you put will help us during production to cover camera and lighting rental, transportation to location, costume and production design. Since the film is set in the 1940s we need to be true to that period. Costumes, sets, hair and make up…every detail needs to be accurate. We have to build a huge refugee camp and there will be two major scenes to shoot with a large number of extras. This requires a LOT of work from our teams in the UK and Jordan and we need help to make the film look and feel as truthful as possible.
We'll also be shooting with the much sought-after ARRI Alexa. It's a camera designed for high budget feature films (Brad Pitt's “World War Z”, Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close, Scorsese's “Hugo” and many more) and we have to bring the camera and it's accessories from abroad.
THE REWARDS
Everyone who participates will have our upmost gratitude! Yet, at certain levels, you will be receiving great gifts as well, such as an opportunity to see the film before it screens in festivals. You can get a digital download of the movie in HD or a DVD, your name listed in the credits, tickets to screenings at festivals, and some other great items. Please take the time to read all the benefits (on the right) if you come on board!
WHO ARE WE?
UK-based Bumpy Road Films and Jordan-based Greyscale Films joined forces to make “Ismail” happen by creating a team of enthusiastic Jordanian, Palestinian & British crew and using top of the line equipment to bring to the screen an unforgettable story.
To learn more about our previous work, visit us at:
www.bumpyroadfilms.com
www.greyscalefilms.com
MEET THE TEAM
Hatem Alsharif | Writer
A psychiatrist for almost 15 years, Hatem has always had a passion for art, music, literature, cinema, and most of all writing but never really ventured into publishing their work. They got the chance to see their work come to life after collaborating with their daughter on their short film projects. Ismail is their fourth collaboration.
Nora Alsharif | Director
After graduating with a BA in Graphic Design from Jordan, Nora worked in Advertising for several years before realizing their true passion lied within filmmaking. They then worked as an assistant producer on various film and TV projects before moving to London where they graduated with an MA in Directing Film and Television from the University of Westminster in 2010. Them graduation film “Wednesday Afternoons” won the Don Quixote Jury Award by the International Federation of Film Societies and was selected by many international festivals worldwide.
Ana Moreno | Producer – Bumpy Road Films
Ana is a Film Director & Producer. They obtained a BA in Digital Media at Michigan State University (USA). Ana has worked in the production of commercials and television, writing and producing in the US and Latin America for the Discovery Networks. Ana obtained a MA in Directing Film & Television at the University of Westminster where they directed and produced several short films. Them graduation project, “Mosa” premiered at the BFI in 2010 later winning the prestigious ‘Best UK Short' at the Iris Prize in 2010 and ‘Audience Award' at the Cineffable Festival in Paris in 2011 screening it in over thirty festivals worldwide.
Abdel-Salam Akkad | Producer - Greyscale Films
Abdelsalam Akkad completed their Communications Arts degree in 1995 and has assumed several positions within the TV and film making industry since then. Their positions ranged from chief lighting technician, director of photography, producer and director.  They are a Senior Producer on numerous TV ads, corporate videos and TV programs and has produced for several international news organizations including Reuters, RDF, WDR, ABC Australia, Al Jazeera, and Orbit.
Felix Wiedemann | Cinematographer
Felix grew up in Germany and then moved to England to study Cinematography at the National Film & Television School under the mentorship of Brian Tufano BSC ('Trainspotting', Billy Elliot'). Felix works as a Director of Photography on feature films, TV drama and commercials in the UK and Germany.
www.felixwiedemann.com
WHAT IF WE DON'T REACH OUR GOAL?
If funding fails, all pledges are canceled and we won't receive any of the funds. Your card is not charged, it's like nothing ever happened. We hope this doesn't happen. We only have a little over a month to raise the funds so…DONATE TODAY!
CAN WE EXCEED OUR GOAL?
Yes!! And we need to go beyond our goal, so please help us with any amount you can, no contribution is too small or big enough!
WHEN DO I GET MY STUFF?
Upon the successful completion of our goal, you will receive a notification and will be contacted by us to gather any information we may need from you before we can fulfill your rewards. Once that process is completed, we will begin giving out all rewards. Based on the estimated dates for each pledge level.
All copies of the film (Digital, DVD or other) will be sent after we are cleared by the festivals and award guidelines, so we don't jeopardize the film. Don't worry we will keep you updated.
Jordan Domestic Shipping & Handling is included with your pledge for physical products (but please add at least $15 to your pledge if you live outside Jordan!)
Thank you for your support!
Please don't forget to spread the word with Family & Friends so they can also help and be part of the project.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING HOW TO DONATE PLEASE CONTACT: Dalia at d.naber@greyscalefilms.com
annonse
Som de fleste har fått med seg, så har jeg tatt en pause fra fotballen. Jeg har de siste årene blitt fortalt at når man slutter med idrett så endrer livsstilen seg betraktelig. Det hadde de rett i!
I den forbindelsen så har jeg bestemt meg for å drikke noe som er sunnere enn brus. Noe som er mer forfriskende og ikke minst smaker veldig godt! Jeg them vært veldig svak for brus, men nå har valget falt på Farris.
Jeg må ha noe med kullsyre og gjerne med smak. Farris har mange forskjellige smaker som jeg liker godt, men for meg er det viktigste at det er friskt og slukker tørsten.
Farris har 0 kalorier og funker helt perfekt for meg når jeg trenger noe godt å drikke. Ikke mye som er bedre enn en kald Farris når man er skikkelig tørst!
Ser du etter noe forfriskende å drikke, med mange forskjellige smaker, så anbefaler jeg Farris. Passer helt perfekt i hverdagen.
Min favoritt er Farris med bringebær og granateple.
The Comic-Con 2019 badge refund deadline is May 13, 2019. After this date your Comic-Con badge purchase is non-refundable. All refunds are subject to a 10% processing fee. CLICK HERE. You must include your Comic-Con Member ID, first name, last name, email, and the day(s) you want refunded. Failure to include this information may delay your refund processing time. To submit a refund request form,. You must include your Comic-Con Member ID, first name, last name, email, and the day(s) you want refunded. Failure to include this information may delay your refund processing time. Pending refund requests are at the sole discretion of SDCC. Sending a refund request does not guarantee you a refund. No refunds will be issued for any convention prior to Comic-Con 2019. Comic-Con 2019 badges are not transferable for use at any other SDCC convention. Please note that in some cases refund requests may not be processed until after Comic-Con 2019. SDCC reserves the right to change their Cancellation and Refund Policy at any time, without notification. Comic-Con reserves the right to refuse admission, to refuse service and/or to cancel/revoke your Member ID and/or badge at Comic-Con's discretion.Comic-Con badges are NON-TRANSFERRABLE. No refunds will be given after May 13, 2019.
Comic-Con International Cancellation Policy: By registering for a paid or complimentary Comic-Con badge you agree not to sell, trade, transfer or share your comp code, email confirmation, or badge. In the event that San Diego Comic Convention/Comic-Con International (SDCC) determines that you have violated this policy, SDCC has the right to cancel your badge(s) and keep any money paid by you. Confirmations and/or badges that have been sold or provided by anyone other than SDCC will not be honored by SDCC. You must wear and display your badge at all times while onsite and at any official SDCC event. All badges are the property of SDCC and must be relinquished to SDCC upon request. Comic-Con reserves the right to refuse admission, to refuse service and/or to cancel/revoke your Member ID and/or badge at Comic-Con's discretion.
I understand that I must register an individual name for each badge and that each name must match a legal photo ID. If SDCC determines that you have purchased more than one badge in your name for any day, SDCC has the right to cancel your duplicate badge(s) and issue you a refund less the 10% processing fee.
If you use your Member ID to purchase a badge for a day for which you previously purchased a badge, the original badge you purchased will automatically be canceled and the amount paid will be refunded, less the 10% processing fee, without contacting you.
For example, if you purchased a Friday and Saturday badge during online attendee registration and you use your Member ID to register as a professional and/or press with Preview Night at a later date, the Friday and Saturday badge you purchased during attendee registration will be canceled and refunded, less the 10% processing fee.
This policy does not apply to purchasing different single day badges or upgrades. For example, if you purchased a Thursday and Sunday badge during Returning Registration and you later use your Member ID to purchase a Friday, Saturday, and Preview Night badge, your original Thursday and Sunday badge purchase will not be canceled. Only purchases of badges with overlapping dates will be subject to automatic cancelation and refund, less a 10% processing fee.
You must register for a Comic-Con Member ID in order to be entitled to purchase and register a badge. Children (age 12 and under) may not register for a Comic-Con Member ID. Everyone who intends to purchase, apply, or register for a Comic-Con badge must have a valid and confirmed Comic-Con Member ID. This includes attendees, volunteers, professionals, guests of professionals, exhibitor main contacts, and members of the press. If SDCC determines that you purchased or registered for a badge, but did not register for a Comic-Con Member ID, SDCC has the right to cancel your badge and refund any amounts paid, less the 10% processing fee, at SDCC's sole discretion.
Jon Super/Associated Press
Manchester United's defeat against Stoke City might have been good cause for those at Old Trafford to lay low for a couple of days—particularly the flopping midfielders—but Michael Carrick stuck their head above the parapet and on to Twitter to participate in a Q-and-A session.
Using the #AskCarrick hashtag, the England international predictably was subjected to a host of questions that they probably aren't going to answer:
#mufc's official match programme United Review is interviewing Michael Carrick. Tweet us your questions for the midfielder with #AskCarrick. — Manchester United (@ManUtd) February 3, 2014
And then the fun began:
The death of the Twitter Q&A is imminent. #AskCarrick is brutal. — Emily Clark (@EmilyClark11) February 3, 2014
The focus was mainly on their lack of forward passes, the fact the opening goal for Stoke deflected off them at the weekend and Tom Cleverley:
#askcarrick in what game was your most memorable pass back to your keeper? — Liono (@LOTTC) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick on a scale of Tom Cleverley to 10, how bad is Ashley Young? — Kishan (@Kishan_11) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick Seeing as you are incapable of a forward pass - have you considered playing Rugby instead? — Sir Lancelot (@Mr_Ameeen) February 3, 2014
#askcarrick have you tried wearing your kit backwards to see if it will help you pass the ball forward? — arran Lockey (@arranuk) February 3, 2014
How many times has Mata tried to make a run for it since signing? #AskCarrick — Arron Sethi (@arronsethi) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick Do you get sleepless nights over the current state of the midfield you play in? — Dom. (@dom_whit) February 3, 2014
Hey, Michael, can you please stop scoring own goals & start scoring for us again? #AskCarrick — Ahad Farhan (@aahadrulz) February 3, 2014
@ManUtd Why didn't you block the freekick by your balls? #AskCarrick — How Your Mata Met Me (@RollsReus11) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick How do you do that trick where you disappear in big games? — Rob (@robbo555) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick How do you feel knowing 5 years ago you were playing with Ronaldo and Tevez and now you're playing with Cleverly and Nani. — Hassan Sidat (@HassanSidat) February 3, 2014
#AskCarrick Are you regretting agreeing to this Twitter Q&A? — Joe Krishnan (@joekrishnan) February 3, 2014
What makes it a little sadder is that it's not even the first time Carrick has done a Q-and-A on the hashtag. Back in September 2012, the tweets were hardly much kinder:
I remember when the photograph was taken. The famous one, I mean. The one of me being rushed from the Boston Marathon bombing without my legs. Only seconds before, a stranger named Carlos Arrendondo had lifted me from the ground, thrown me into a wheelchair, and started running.
There was so much smoke, and so much blood, and then suddenly it was clear, and a man was there, crouching in the road, pointing a camera at us. I thought, Why isn't they helping? People are dying. And then I was in an ambulance, on my way to surgery, and I didn't think about them again.
By the time I regained consciousness two days later, the photograph had gone viral around the world. All my family and friends had seen it. For most of them, including my mom and dad, that's how they found out I was hurt. No information, just an image: my lower right leg gone, my lower left leg stripped to the bone.
There had been a controversy: was the photo too graphic? Was it exploitative? In Boston, friends told me later, everyone was talking about it.
"Did you see the picture?" people whispered to each other. "The one of the man without their legs." The image, in some way, had crystalized the horror and cruelty of the bombing.
Even now, a year later, people ask me about the Wheelchair Photo: what do I think about it? Does it bother me? The honest answer: I don't think about it.
I glanced at the photo once, about a week after the bombing. I knew immediately I never wanted to look at it again. I never have, and I don't think I ever will. I have enough images from that day in my head already. I don't need another one.
Part of me, I guess, wishes the picture had never been taken at all. I wish my mom hadn't seen me that way, because they couldn't find me for hours afterward, and that was cruel. I wish I wasn't the face of the victims – three lost near the finish line and hundreds injured – because then everyone would forget about me, and I could recover in peace, and at my own pace.
But I'm not angry about it. Not at all. I have so much work to do every day to get back to my normal life that I can't afford to be angry, even at the bombers. I can't keep looking backward. I need that energy for other things.
Besides, if that photograph hadn't become iconic, another would have. That's the world we live in. Everybody takes pictures of everything.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The author with their dog, Bandit. Photograph: Charles Krupa / AP
A few weeks ago, I met the photographer, Charlie Krupa, for the first time. They work for the Associated Press, and they came to my house to photograph my fiancée and I for an article. The first thing they said to me was, "I'm sorry."
That surprised me. I didn't think he'd feel any guilt or regret, because they hadn't done anything wrong.
I told Charlie not to worry. They were doing their job that day, and they were doing it well. People still write me to say how much the photo meant to them. I told Charlie that I understand now, like I didn't then, that they were helping us that day, in the best way they knew how. They were documenting what happened. They were showing the world the truth – that bombs tear flesh and smash bones – and making the tragedy real.
Besides, the photograph isn't what most people think it is. It's not a picture of the bombing. It doesn't show the explosion, and it doesn't show me being injured. It is a photograph of the rescue.
The story the Wheelchair Photo tells is this: two losers set off bombs, but hundreds of people risked their lives to rush to our aid. The people with me in that picture – Carlos Arrendondo, Devin Wang and Paul Mitchell – aren't the bad guys. They are the heroes. They are saving my life.
If people talk about the photo this year, I hope they remember that. I hope they remember that the man in the wheelchair, the one without the legs: they lived. They have a fiancée and a baby on the way; he's learning to walk again; he's going to be OK.
I wish I wasn't that man, but not because I wish I wasn't in the photograph. I just wish I still had my legs. But I'm glad people have an image to remind them of the most important lesson from 15 April 2013: that good people will triumph over the cowards and idiots every time.
First, the bad news: You will have to wait until next spring to see new episodes of Orphan Black. (Hey, told you it was bad.) But now, the good news: The creators of BBC America's clone-conspiracy drama, Graeme Manson and John Fawcett, are willing to offer a few glimpses into season 2. Before they appear at Comic-Con on Friday with at least one version of star Tatiana Maslany (who plays single mom Sarah Manning, not to mention several other clones) to answer your burning questions and screen some never-before-seen season 1 footage, read what the pair had to say about the new episodes.
On the themes of season 2
MANSON: We definitely will be continuing looking at bonds and themes of motherhood in all its guises that we show — Mrs. S. (Maria Doyle Kennedy) and the foster motherhood, Sarah and Kira (Sklyer Wexler) — as well as testing and stretching the bond between our three main women (played by Maslany), Cosima, Sarah and Allison… Sarah's going to be on the run in season 2.
FAWCETT: She's really freaked out because she's got bad guys after them
On where the action picks up in the season 2 premiere
MANSON: You can pretty much expect to hit the ground running.
FAWCETT: There's not a lot of time wasted in terms of where the season begins. Kira is gone and Sarah is panicking, and the season begins maybe two hours after the end of season 1, and launches like a rocket right from there.
On when fans will get answers to questions from the end of season 1, such as Kira's special healing ability and Cosima's sickness
FAWCETT: These are obviously questions that everybody is going to want answers to. We're going to get answers — I'm not sure how quickly we're going to get answers. Part of the joy of the show is letting things mysteriously unfold. The fact that people don't really know where the show is headed? We like that.
MANSON: It's safe to say we are interested in unwrapping the mystery of Kira and Sarah's motherhood.
On the likelihood of meeting more clones this season
MANSON: We're really interested in that. We're also very respectful of the idea of it. We want to introduce characters — not a lot of red-shirt clones. It's safe to say we want to.
FAWCETT: We're a clone show. That's what we are and that's what got Graeme and I so excited about this concept in the first place. I think it's safe to say that through the course of this series we're going to meet more clones.
On the role that proclone Rachel will play in season 2
FAWCETT: Before getting into any other further clones, we've got this new clone that we really don't know very well, and Rachel is going to figure in pretty strongly in season 2. She's not just a bad guy. She's got a lot of layers to them and has a very, very interesting backstory.
On some fans speculating that Helena is somehow still alive despite being shot by Sarah
FAWCETT: I don't know, I think they were pretty dead. They looked pretty dead to me.
MANSON: Shot in the heart, but, you know, she's kind of a bad penny. Who knows?
For more on Orphan Black, pick up a copy of EW's Comic-Con issue, on newsstands now.
Advertisements began airing on TV and radio stations across Iowa promoting the creation of Education Savings Accounts (ESAs). The commercials use the typical conservative think-tank, American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) message to sell them. Funders of the commercials don't want Iowan's to know what an ESA means to the future of Iowa's public schools and to taxpayers.
In 2002, I moved from Iowa to teach for Milwaukee Public Schools (MPS), the birthplace of school vouchers. In 1990 vouchers were sold as the panacea to the challenges of educating children in Milwaukee. The reality is that vouchers have done nothing to improve the quality of education for the nearly 30,000 students attending schools that are a part of the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program.
During my first year of teaching for MPS, I learned about the influx of students after the state mandatory attendance date, otherwise known as the 3rd Friday. On the following Monday, parents began showing up to register their children for school. Parents needed to find a new school for their child due to him/her having behavior problems; not following homework requirements; or struggling academically (the child had or needed an Individual with Education Plan). So they were forced to leave their voucher school and return to public school.
Unfortunately, the money the voucher school received from the state when the student started there did not follow the child to the public school.
The reality of the infamous “After 3rd Friday” influx of students wasn't what surprised me the most. It was the lack of quality control of schools that operated under the program and the lack of teacher qualifications.
When I began teaching for MPS, the only requirement for teachers and administrators at voucher schools was holding a G.E.D. Schools did not have to be accredited, school testing was not required and there was a lack of adequate financial and attendance oversight. It is no wonder that 20 voucher schools closed during my nine years as an educator with MPS. Unfortunately, the schools closed mid-year, giving parents less than a week notice to find a new school. Another 20 voucher schools in Milwaukee have closed since I moved back to Iowa in 2011.
Wisconsin has had almost no success in introducing accountability and transparency for voucher schools. In a compromise, voucher schools were eventually required to hire educators and principals that held Bachelor Degrees (still no requirement for actual training to be educators), and a study was to be conducted that compared voucher school students taking the Iowa Test of Basic Skills to MPS students taking the Wisconsin Knowledge and Concepts Examination (not an apple to apple comparison).
The Milwaukee Parental Choice program created devastating financial hardships for the students of MPS and the taxpayers of Milwaukee. The citizens of Milwaukee were forced to pay for two school systems, despite not ever being allowed to vote if this was something they truly wanted.
The MPS system was slowly defunded by the voucher program. Most elementary schools did not have art, music, gym, school nurses, and most schools lacked guidance counselors at all levels. However, the data showed that MPS still outperformed the voucher schools when some very limited accountability for voucher schools was put in place. Neighborhood public schools were forced to close due to lack of enough students enrolled, which undermined the strength of the communities children grew up in.
There is no non-partisan research that supports school vouchers as having a positive influence on student learning. Even still, the lowest performing vouchers schools (which perform well below MPS schools) do not face prospect of closure, unlike the lowest performing MPS schools, which might be turned into a voucher school.
Now, ALEC and Americans for Prosperity want to bring vouchers to Iowa. Financially, Iowa can't afford to pay for two school systems when lawmakers say they can only afford a 1.11 percent SSA increase for public schools for the 2017-18 school-year.
Before the Iowa Legislature begins to discuss ESA's, it first needs to increase accountability in homeschooling laws, which are amongst the weakest laws in the country.
Iowa doesn't know how many children are being homeschooled because, the Independent Private Instruction (IPI) Home School program allow parents to avoid registering/enrolling their child in a home school program with the local school district or an association. There are no accountability measures put in place for IPI homeschooling to ensure parents are educating their children, or providing a home free of abuse or neglect.
From my experience as a teacher in Cedar Rapids, children are falling through the cracks, and school districts can do nothing about IPI home schooled children. ESA's are not in the best interest of Iowa's future. Fully-funded public schools that serve all children are the answer.
-Kelly McMahon, Cedar Rapids
Like this: Like Loading...
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sanjoy Majumder says the Hindu nationalist BJP party hopes to make gains for the first time in the Muslim-majority state
Voters have cast ballots in the first round of polls in Jammu and Kashmir where Indian PM Narendra Modi's BJP is trying to win power for the first time.
More than a million people are eligible to vote in the first of five phases in staggered elections for the Muslim-majority state's 87 assembly seats.
The disputed Kashmir region is claimed by both India and Pakistan.
It has been a flashpoint for more than 60 years and the rivals have fought two wars over the region.
Thousands of soldiers were deployed in and around polling stations as voting was held on Tuesday in 15 seats, amid fears of street protests and militant attacks.
Results are due on 23 December.
Voting was also held in the central state of Jharkhand, where the BJP is also attempting to gain power.
Boycott call
Two regional parties dominate politics in Indian-administered Kashmir - the governing National Conference and the opposition People's Democratic Party (PDP).
The BBC's Sanjoy Majumder, reporting from Srinagar, says the BJP has never been a serious player and it has a non-existent base in the Muslim-dominated Kashmir Valley, given its hardline views on the state's tenuous relationship with India.
But under Mr Modi, who swept to power in the May general elections, the BJP is making an attempt to capture the state.
Separatist hardliners have called for a boycott of the vote, a move that many believe could help the BJP.
Hindus are a minority in Kashmir, but their votes become crucial if Muslims stay at home in protest on polling day.
But some analysts say that it will not be easy for the BJP to win the polls.
"The BJP has always been very proactive in Kashmir, but the media blitzkrieg and the euphoria [this time around] could boomerang to the advantage of the regional parties," political analyst Sheikh Showkat Hussain told the AFP news agency.
The Thornwatch Kickstarter was a huge success but it's possible that you missed the opportunity to back it. Don't worry, If you missed the campaign you've got another opportunity to get in on all the cool stuff we offered. We've got a PledgeManager page set up for Thornwatch that will allow you to preorder the game from now until April 21st. You can get the base set, the Dark of the Wood expansion, the acrylic pawns for both sets, and the deluxe wood box from Dapper Devil.
(Dark of the Wood concept art)
If you have somehow managed to miss all my posts about Thornwatch, here's how the folks at Lone Shark games describe the project.
Thornwatch is a graphic novel adventure created by Penny Arcade and Lone Shark Games. It is designed by Mike Krahulik and Jerry Holkins of Penny Arcade and Mike Selinker, Chad Brown, and Rodney Thompson of Lone Shark Games. It bridges the gap between board games and RPGs, the first of three interlocking games in the Eyrewood Adventures line. Through the game's unique modular storytelling structure, players get the experience of an RPG in a board game. Thornwatch can be pulled off the shelf for 60 minutes of fun, or provide 2+ hours of epic adventure. It is a visually arresting game, unlike anything we've ever made before. When you play Thornwatch, you are inside a comic book story of your own making.
I am in the asset creation phase now. After working on it for years, I'm actually drawing the stuff that will go in the box now which is pretty exciting. I'm also assembling a little team of artists to help me bring it all together. It's a big game that needs a ton of art and I've found some really talented folks to help me. Nick Trujillo who you might remember from Strip Search is working on the paintings that will become our map tiles. I've also enlisted the incredibly talented Aviv Or to help me with the comic book style story boards that you will use to build your adventures. It's going to be a beautiful game and you can still get in on all of the cool Kickstarter action (for a little bit longer) via our PledgeManger page. Thanks so much for all your support, this project has been in the works for a long time but we can finally see the finish line!
-Gabe out
Wrong airport landings by commercial pilots share some common factors. While commercial jet liners do not land at wrong airports often, it does happen. In fact, the Southwest 737 landing last night at the wrong airport in Missouri was preceded by just a couple of months by the Boeing 747 that landed at the wrong airport in Wichita, Kansas. These wrong airport landings have been preceded by others around the world.
The factors that are commonly found in these landings exist in the latest Southwest incident – good weather that allowed for a visual landing and two airports close together with similar runway headings, according to Flightaware.com aeronautical charts. The airport of intended landing, Branson Airport (airport identifier BBG) in Hollister, MO, has one runway which aircraft can land at from either end, depending on wind direction. The runway headings of 32 and 14 represent compass headings of 320 and 140 degrees (the zero is dropped). A compass has 360 degrees, representing a full circle, with zero degrees being north, 90 degrees east, 180 degrees south and 270 degrees west.
The airport the Boeing 737 actually landed at, M. Graham Clark Downtown Airport (airport identifier PLK), located 7 miles from Branson Airport has one runway with headings nearly identical to Branson's. The headings are 30 degrees and 12 degrees. Although PLK's runway is significantly shorter at 3738 feet as compared to Branson's at 7140 feet, from the air that difference may not be so easy to spot.
While an investigation is needed to determine what actually happened in this particular case, most mistaken airport landings by airline pilots follow a similar pattern. And it's usually not the instruments giving false or incorrect readings. The pilots will be flying on instruments with guidance from air traffic control up until they get close to their destination airport. If the weather is good, the pilots will notify air traffic control that they have the airport in sight. The flying pilot will then visually head towards the airport runway. It is at this time that pilots relying on their eyes rather than their instruments can make a mistake when they line up with a runway close to their intended destination that has a similar runway heading. This does not excuse the pilot's error but is intended to explain how it can happen.
A new way of controlling the path that light takes as it passes through silicon could help overcome one of the big obstacles to making an optical, rather than electronic, computer circuit. Researchers at Caltech and the University of California, San Diego, have taken a step toward a device that prevents light signals from reflecting back and causing errors in optical circuits.
Light bouncer: Light entering a metallic silicon waveguide from the left flows freely (top). Light entering from the right has its path disrupted.
Chips that compute with light instead of electrons promise to be not only faster, but also less expensive and more energy-efficient than their conventional counterparts. But to be made economically, many believe, photonic chips must be made from silicon, using equipment already being used to build electronic microchips.
Researchers have made many of the necessary elements for a silicon photonic circuit already, including superfast modulators for encoding information onto beams of light, and detectors to read these beams.
But the way light travels through silicon remains a big problem. Light doesn't just go in one direction—it bounces around and even reflects backward, which is disastrous in a circuit. If an optical device were designed to receive two inputs and a third input reflected back in, that would cause an error. As a circuit became more complex, error-causing reflections would overwhelm it.
The Caltech and UCSD researchers have developed a silicon waveguide that causes light to behave differently depending on the direction it's traveling. The researchers, led by Caltech electrical engineering professor Axel Scherer, created a waveguide out of a long, narrow strip of silicon about 800 nanometers wide, with metal spots along the sides like bumpers. Light travels freely in one direction down the waveguide, but is bent as it travels in the opposite direction.
“This is an important breakthrough in a field where we really need a few,” says Marin Soljačić, a physics professor at MIT. Soljačić was not involved with the work. The lack of this kind of component, they say, has been “the single biggest obstacle to the large-scale integration of optics at a similar scale to electronics.”
Physicists have been wrestling with the unruly behavior of light in silicon for a long time. The new design is the result of years of theoretical work by the California researchers, as well as Soljačić, Shanhui Fan at Stanford University, and others. Previously, researchers had only been able to get light to behave this way in magnetic materials that cannot be incorporated into silicon circuitry, says Michelle Povinelli, assistant professor of electrical engineering at the University of Southern California.
Soljačić says the new waveguide is particularly significant because it was fabricated using methods used by the semiconductor industry. “This is a very important step toward large-scale optics integration,” they say.
Caltech researcher Liang Feng says the team is now working on engineering a full isolator—a component that only lets light travel in one direction, instead of just bending it as it tries to travel the wrong way. They say the current work “is just the first step.”
“Now it's about engineering around this fundamental discovery,” says Keren Bergman, professor of electrical engineering at Columbia University. Bergman was not involved with the work.
Even after that engineering is finished, Bergman says, there's a big looming problem for silicon photonics: there's no good way to make the light sources that are needed for silicon optical processors. Soljačić adds that a full optical computer will also need optical memory, which hasn't been made, either. However, the current work overcomes the “biggest uncertainty” that had been troubling engineers, they say. “Now, with this work, I'm feeling much better.”
Here are today's minor transactions from around the league…
The Red Sox have signed third baseman/outfielder Dustin Lawley to a minor league contract, MLBTR has learned. The 26-year-old Lawley was released by the Mets earlier in the week. Formerly a 19th-round pick by New York (2011), Lawley has a career .252/.308/.457 batting line in the minor leagues. Lawley briefly reached Triple-A in 2013 but spent all of 2014 and the first half of 2015 at the Double-A level.
have signed third baseman/outfielder to a minor league contract, MLBTR has learned. The 26-year-old Lawley was released by the earlier in the week. Formerly a 19th-round pick by New York (2011), Lawley has a career .252/.308/.457 batting line in the minor leagues. Lawley briefly reached Triple-A in 2013 but spent all of 2014 and the first half of 2015 at the Double-A level. Catcher Luke Carlin has agreed to a minor league pact with the Cubs , reports Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle (via Twitter). The 34-year-old Carlin has had a few brief stints of big league action, totaling 156 plate appearances with the Padres, Diamondbacks and Indians from 2008-12. Carlin is a career .241/.358/.352 hitter in parts of 10 Triple-A seasons but struggled with Oakland's Triple-A affiliate this year. Slusser notes, however, that they were very popular with the pitching staff.
has agreed to a minor league pact with the , reports Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle (via Twitter). The 34-year-old Carlin has had a few brief stints of big league action, totaling 156 plate appearances with the Padres, Diamondbacks and Indians from 2008-12. Carlin is a career .241/.358/.352 hitter in parts of 10 Triple-A seasons but struggled with Oakland's Triple-A affiliate this year. Slusser notes, however, that they were very popular with the pitching staff. The Mets have signed former Twins top prospect Joe Benson to a minor league deal, tweets Baseball America's Matt Eddy. Benson, a former second-rounder, was long one of Minnesota's most highly touted prospects and cracked Baseball America's Top 100 list in 2011 and 2012. However, the center fielder struggled after reaching the Triple-A level, where he's hit just .202 in 116 games and struck out in 26 percent of their plate appearances. The 27-year-old Benson will report to Double-A Binghamton, according to Eddy.
have signed former Twins top prospect to a minor league deal, tweets Baseball America's Matt Eddy. Benson, a former second-rounder, was long one of Minnesota's most highly touted prospects and cracked Baseball America's Top 100 list in 2011 and 2012. However, the center fielder struggled after reaching the Triple-A level, where he's hit just .202 in 116 games and struck out in 26 percent of their plate appearances. The 27-year-old Benson will report to Double-A Binghamton, according to Eddy. Also from Eddy (Twitter link), the Phillies have signed former Nationals prospect Destin Hood. The 25-year-old Hood is a former second-rounder as well, and they played quite well for Washington's Triple-A affiliate in 2014, slashing .294/.344/.482 in 334 plate appearances. Hood, however, did not repeat that success with Cleveland this season, as they slashed .169/.222/.271 in 17 games with their top affiliate in Columbus before being released.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) raised eyebrows this weekend when they endorsed one of the most hawkish positions toward the Islamic State militants currently wreaking havoc in Iraq and Syria.
"If I were president, I would call a joint session of Congress," Paul told the AP. "I would lay out the reasoning of why ISIS is a threat to our national security and seek congressional authorization to destroy ISIS militarily."
That put the self-professed non-interventionist to the right of many of their fellow presidential hopefuls, who sounded more tentative notes when asked about the proper U.S. response. Seeking to "destroy ISIS militarily" would require some sort of ground presence in the region, and involve larger American engagement in another Middle East conflict.
But during an interview on Sean Hannity's radio show on Wednesday, Paul sought to clarify that position. The libertarian-leaning senator said that Iran, Syria, and Turkey could be “enjoined” in fighting Islamic State militants because of their proximity and interest in the region.
“Right now, the two allies that have the same goal would be Iran and Syria, to wipe out ISIS. They also have the means and the ability and they also have the incentive to do so because Assad's clinging for power and clinging for life there,” Paul said, as quoted by BuzzFeed.
The possible presidential contender also said that while the U.S. can provide air support, other nations should ultimately take the lead in rooting out Islamic State militants on the ground.
“So I also think that Turks really should be enjoined in this. And I do think that there can be a role for America. But I would rather see the president come to a joint session of Congress, [ask] for permission, and if they get it, I still would like to see the ground troops and the battles being fought by those who live there. We can give both technological and air support. That could be the decisive factor in this," Paul said.
While President Barack Obama promised Wednesday to "degrade and destroy” the extremist group after they beheaded a second American journalist, they have held off on escalating U.S. airstrikes outside a small area of Iraq. It's unclear from Paul's remarks, however, whether they support going after ISIS in its haven in Syria.
In abiding with NotGraphs' Villanelle Week:
Nick Punto, one time, tried to break their bat
A feat so large, and yet a man so small
Why would they even try to attempt that?
And during the World's Series, too, at that
The culprit seems to barely bend at all
Nick Punto, one time, tried to break their bat
Some put-out rage, a wooden tit-for-tat
In failure, something needs to take the fall
Why would they even try to attempt that?
If scrappiness was actually a stat
Number 8 would, in fact, lead them all
Nick Punto, one time, tried to break their bat
Perhaps it's better just to utter “drat”
Less painful this, if slightly more banal
Why would they even try to attempt that?
A bruise is formed, a thigh is rendered flat
Bo Jackson's snickers echo off the wall
Nick Punto, one time, tried to break their bat
Why would they even try to attempt that?
49 per cent of the migrants who have claimed to be underage in the city of Hamburg this year is actually adults, according to a new report from the Social Security Board.
The number is up from figures from last year which showed that 47 per cent of those claiming to be underage were adults. The new 49 per cent figure covers the 482 unaccompanied asylum seekers who came to Hamburg from January to September of this year, Die Welt reports.
Across Germany this year there have been a total of 55,890 asylum seekers claiming to be under the age of 18 but according to the Federal Ministry of Family Affairs, 24,116, or 43 percent, were officially adults.
The assessments of adulthood are made by the Child and Youth Emergency Service (KJND), who examine asylum seekers without passports or other identification and send suspected cases to Eppendorf University Hospital to be examined. The hospital then conducts a number of tests including x-rays and tomography to determine the approximate age of the asylum seeker.
Underage migrants are taken into care by the youth welfare service, and if they are determined to be adults they are made to register with the regular asylum authorities.
Many asylum seekers have claimed to be underage because it is much harder for the German government to deport underage asylum seekers and many get preferential treatment.
According to Afghan asylum seeker Hussein K., the suspected murderer of German student Maria Ladenburger, they lied about their age to receive better benefits saying, “if you're a minor, the situation in Germany is better.”
Germany is not the only country facing a large number of asylum seekers lying about their age. In Austria last year, authorities found almost 1,000 asylum seekers had lied about being under eighteen. An Austrian police officer commented on the issue at the time, saying: “It is absurd for us to see grown men with beards and greying hair that claim to be 17 years of age.”
Original Article
Share This
When one thinks of prefabricated homes, or prefab homes as they are sometimes called, visions of cheap construction, shoddy materials, bad taste design and other negatives often come to mind. Prefab homes, however, still fill a necessary market segment for inexpensive housing across the country, especially in times of economic downturn.
One could argue that, using cheap materials as some of these types of homes often are made from, prefab homes are not the most environmentally friendly. One particular manufacturer in this category however, Blu Homes, has worked hard to make itself stand out as a builder of more green focused prefab designs. We've found a number of their designs, including the Element, Evolution and Origin, to be appealing and green at the same time. To learn more about the ideas behind a Blu Homes prefab build, we turned to co-founder Maura McCarthy with our questions.
EarthTechling (ET): What is the background behind Blu Homes? How did it become a company?
Maura McCarthy: I grew up in a one-bedroom house built for $2,000 using locally-sourced and recycled materials, so green building has always been a part of my life. I was deeply interested in and motivated to contribute to the greening of American homes, while also making home buying a more fun and less stressful ordeal. Coming out of the venture capital world with experience in the prefab homes industry, I teamed up with Bill Haney, who has founded a number of environmentally-focused companies, the first when they were 18. The outcome was Blu Homes, which is working to put the joy back in the home buying process and to create homes people can feel really good about building and living in.
ET: What exactly goes into making a Blu Home green?
McCarthy: Blu Homes' greenness begins with maximizing the use of open space and high ceilings to make smaller spaces feel bigger. We focus on being strategic about window placement and wise site placement to make the best use of Passive Haus principles, and to maximize natural ventilation and sunlight. In addition, we focus on incredible energy efficiency – our homes use a combination of eco-friendly batt and foam insulation, with all joints sealed tightly. The result is a home that is truly airtight and energy efficient.
Our use of steel makes our homes greener too, as our structural and light steel is 77% recycled and our steel frame has the highest strength to weight ratio, produces far less waste (around 2% vs. 20% for lumber) and is totally recyclable. Plus, because we build in a controlled factory setting we are able to keep our construction standards extraordinarily high, and our homes are far less susceptible to mold compared with homes built out in the elements. So our focus on being environmentally conscious has helped make our homes far healthier to live in, as well.
Everything that goes into the home, inside and out, is painstakingly chosen by our team for its eco-friendliness. Non-toxic primers, FSC certified wood and bamboo flooring, water-saving fixtures, Paperstone counter tops, and many other green features go into our homes to make them clean and beautiful. We like to think of our houses like hybrid cars – energy efficient, quiet, and comfortable. The result of our thoughtful construction and green fixtures and features is that operating a Blu Home typically costs less than half of what it costs to run an average home, with up to 60% fewer carbon emissions than other homes (according to HERS or “blower door” testing). And each day we are working to get greener!
Cleaning out the clutter
The results of the Kotlin future features survey are here . Respondents were asked to nominate three most expected features, as well as one feature that they would like to be banned (optional). Let's see what Kotlin users want to keep or ditch.
JetBrains offered Kotlin users to make an impact on the future of this programming language — the Future Features Survey ran in April and received roughly 850 replies. Respondents were asked to nominate three most expected features, as well as one feature that they would like to be banned (optional). According to the blog post announcing the results, most people used up all three slots for positive feature nomination and 300+chose to skip the negative nomination.
You can see the list of proposed features here.
SEE ALSO: The sprint to the top: Kotlin plays in the big leagues now, TIOBE index shows
Kotlin features: Nominations for and against
Kotlin users have chosen their favorite features: “Collection literals”, “SAM conversions for Kotlin interfaces” and “Truly immutable data”.
Andrey Breslav, lead language designer of Kotlin at JetBrains noticed that the most controversial feature seems to be “Private members accessible from tests” with 108 votes for and 120 against. They explained that the result is not that shocking since “designing for testability is widely recognized as a good practice.”
However, they were a bit puzzled over the “Overloadable operators | and &” controversy (46 votes for and 50 against) and asked respondents to share their motivation in the blog post's comments section.
SEE ALSO: How well do you know your Kotlin trivia?
And the negative nominations are …
The results may be difficult to interpret because “Optional commas” and “Optional trailing commas” have been put under the same feature. Breslav also apologized for forgetting to include “Ternary conditional operator” in the survey and promised to look into this feature.
Discrepancy alert!
Breslav noticed that the results of the survey conducted at the Kotlin 1.1 Launch Event turned out quite differently. They believe that “the results may have been affected by the fact that people saw previous votes and got biased, but it's hard to be sure. Other factors may also be relevant, e.g. the audience at the meetups may be a bit different from the online survey audience.”
Kotlin future features: Top of the class
What do Kotlin users expect from this programming languages? These features are the clear leaders:
Collection literals
SAM conversions for Kotlin interfaces
Truly immutable data
As Breslav pointed out, the rest of the features received significantly fewer nominations. “Truly immutable data is very desirable indeed, but really tough too, so no promises there. The other two seem tractable in the foreseeable future, and multi-catch looks like a good thing to look into as well.”
They warned that JetBrains is not committing to implementing any of the features presented in the survey in a certain time frame or at all. Although they care about users' needs, they refrain from promising anything upfront.
But don't despair, there's still hope. “For one thing, there's significant design work required before we even know if these features can be fit pragmatically (and elegantly) into the language,” Breslav concluded.
Meet us in London: The Conference for Continuous Delivery, Microservices, Clouds & the Kubernetes Ecosystem Beyond Continuous Delivery: Learn, adapt, improve Michiel Rook Containers on AWS: What to use and when? Philipp Garbe Workshop: From zero to Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Nir Koren JAX DevOps Program »
asap
Bad audio can ruin even the best video. Consumers of online video recognize subpar sound almost instantly. Like a typo in an article, loud background noise and fuzzy voices suggest inexperience and distract from your message.
The good news is, there are many ways to improve the audio in your videos. Optimizing your shooting environment and using quality recording devices can go a long way.
The area you shoot in can make a huge difference! The saying “fix it in post” doesn't really apply to audio. It's extremely tough to remove ambient noise from a recording after the fact. Save yourself the aggravation and capture the best possible sounding audio during production.
When you're setting up for your shoot:
Pick a space without loud ambient noises.
Steer clear of air conditioning units, generators, traffic noise, and anything else that creates a hum.
Try to find a shoot location that allows you to control ambient noise.
If you're shooting in your office, make sure you warn the folks in the background that you may need to “pull a Spielberg” and ask them firmly to be quiet!
Deaden room reverberation by taping blankets to the walls. You could also invest in acoustic panels that help remove room reverberation.
A lavalier is a small microphone that clips onto your speaker's shirt. Lavaliers are a great option if your talent is going to be moving around, and there are both wired and wireless versions.
However, lavalier microphones are particularly finicky. Whether or not they'll capture good audio depends on getting the perfect placement. Start by placing the lav about six inches below your talent's chin. Your goal is to make sure that the microphone has a clear path to the mouth.
At Wistia, we are constantly trying to make our production process more simple and less intimidating. That's why we prefer to keep a shotgun mic positioned and ready for action in our studio. With this setup, subjects can jump in and out of the space to shoot videos on the fly.
We love the shotgun mic because it can be hidden outside of the shot (and the talent's field of view), and it makes subjects' voices sound close and clear. It also picks up a bit of ambient noise to provide a nicely balanced soundtrack. We broke down our recording process using a Canon 5D on the blog.
About
Green Street Credit
We have developed the Shadows and Light solution to help stop the waste of streetlight energy every night caused by these passive installations. By using an LED light source and by powering it with accumulated solar energy, we eliminate this pointless waste of energy.
Further, by supplying the unit with a wireless network and a smart traffic surveillance system, we make the traditional passive installation active. Now, a streetlight is no longer just a low-tech mast with a light bulb, that drains our energy sources, it becomes an intelligent peer in your local environment.
Share via email!
The smart and green streetlight solution
The Shadows and Light Smart Streetlights Solution
The Shadows and Light system is truly a green product,with zero CO2 emission and without any need for an external power sources. In contrast, a single conventional streetlight stand consumes between 500W to 1KW, making the consumption up to an average of 6KWh per day. The CO2 emission for producing 1KWh is 478Gram (average in Denmark 2012), or approx. 1/2kg/KWh. That results in an approximate CO2 emission of more than 1000kg per year per lamp. Even small cities can easily have more than 5000 streetlights, making the CO2 emission just outrageous.
The Shadows and Light Prototype
But its more than a green project. It is also a smart project! A streetlight stand is a heavy installation, and we think its a pity to see that this construction is used only to light up the street. We have therefore extended our streetlight head with a scaled-down version of a wireless network solution developed for rural areas (see http://www.shadowsandlight.org). Again, this network is purely powered by accumulated solar energy.
Having access to an IP backbone we can deploy wireless Internet service to the entire street and the surroundings at low incremental cost to the benefit of local citizens. And it gets better: By installing a high-resolution digital camera module in the streetlight head, we can monitor the activity of the streets further adding a smart traffic solution. This may, for example, guide cars and trucks to avoid rush hour traffic problems, again saving the environment from pollution and noise. Depending on local political and cultural preferences, an optional video camera may also be used to provide regular video surveillance, thereby minimizing the risk of crime for local citizens.
What results can you expect from this project?
We have developed a working prototype of the complete Shadows and Lights solution and your contribution will be spent on creating a trial system with one or more vocational schools, who today have no streetlights and no cost-effective Internet connectivity. More specifically, we will design the first manufacturing series of the product, and work with our manufacturing partners to develop the first 3-20 smart streetlights, depending on the funding raised with your help :-)
We will constantly update all contributors with a weekly status on Twitter of our roll-out and using our dedicated Android and iPhone app, you may monitor the approximate amount of energy and CO2 emission saved in real-time.
Obviously, you do also help save the environment by cutting down emissions, but we know that the Shadows and Light Project can't cure all evil in the world, and more effort has to be engaged in new and innovative environment friendly technologies. But we have to start somewhere, and the streetlights may not be a bad choice. With the huge power consumption of every streetlight, and with the incredible number of streetlights across the globe, it WILL make a difference. Just think about a normal city with 10.000 streetlights. Deploying Shadows and Light Smart streetlights will in this case save more than 1M kg CO2 a year…
Rewards
Solar powered streetlights are expensive and probably not a reward that most people would want anyway, so instead we are offering a Shadows and Light branded solar pocket/desk/emergency lamp, that will even charge your phone. We hope you will use this handy little solar lamp and think of the good cause that you are supporting!
The Shadows and Light branded pocket/desk/emergency lamp
In addition, we have teamed up with the Icelandic designer Snaedis Björk to create a t-shirt that will hopefully make you feel part of the "team". Please note that the photos below are just simple sketches, the final design will be much nicer!
Simple sketch of the Shadows and Lights T-shirt - real design pending
Simple sketch of the Shadows and Lights T-shirt - real design pending
Who are we?
Knud Erik Skouby
Professor and Director, Aalborg University, Center for Communication, Media and Information Technologies.
Karsten Vandrup
Product Design and Engineering
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/karsten-vandrup/1/927/197
Anja Hoffmann
Business Development and Partnerships
http://dk.linkedin.com/in/hoffmannanja
Hans Hesselholt Henne Hansen
Product Development and Marketing
http://dk.linkedin.com/pub/hans-hesselholt-henne-hansen/0/10/160
Svend Hesselholt Henne Hansen
Product Strategy and Software Engineering
uk.linkedin.com/in/svendhhh
Team Video:
The Shadows and light team is a group of dedicated and concerned engineers. Some of us have a background from various international companies like Nokia, Ericsson, Openwave Systems, and Litepoint. Some of us are running start-ups in SW and HW business. Some of us have academic careers, as researchers and professors at internationally recognised universities. Altogether, we share a common vision: The world should be better connected, and last longer!
We make various network solutions for areas of the world, where power outlets don't exist, where telecommunication is something you can only dream of, and where an Internet connection to the world means development, prosperity and the future. All our network solutions are solar powered, and easy to deploy under extreme conditions.
Based on this technology base, we have developed a complete new and green streetlight concept. Our solution is utilizing the latest LED technology to reduce power consumption, All power used is generated from sustainable energy based on integrated solar energy panels. And, on top of this, we have integrated a wireless Internet hub and a smart traffic surveillance system into the streetlight head, making it smart and an active peer in the local environment
How will YOUR money help the project?
We are idealists, but we are also business people. We believe, that CO2 neutral solutions of the future needs a little help to get out there, and only when we have made good test deployments, the world will “see the light”. We will use your contribution to make the final pilot tests – on location - in 3 cities where there is a need for an innovative solution to light up streets and a connect communities to the world.
By investing in this green energy project, you do not only help our environment, but do also help people living under tough conditions to connect to the world. You will get access to our Smartphone App, showing you where the Shadows and Light solution is installed, where we have planned installations, and how much CO2 we have saved together, calculated in kg's, m2, and years we saved the planet (based on the COP15 calculations).
Donovan is a sexist son of a bitch who objectifies women by keeping them on their toes, their backs, and their knees where they belong. Their column runs every Tuesday. Hit them on Twitter.
Let me get right to the point: American women are good for one thing and one thing only:
Sex.
Try as I might to hamster something into existence that stateside girls can provide me that I can't provide for myself outside of a warm, moist hole to stick my dick in, I just can't think of anything.
The hard truth is that the “anything you can do I can do better” mantra today's women squawk about is grossly inaccurate and they all know it. Men are better than women at just about everything and no amount of social reconditioning or media brainwashing is going to change that.
Of course you can sweetie
Let's take a look at two things women should be better at than we are, two “qualities” women claim to have that men allegedly just can't live without, and why we don't need Western females for any of them.
What women should be superior to men at
Cooking and other household chores
Back in the day, men didn't cook because women stayed home and took care of the kids while they worked on the railroad all the live long day. When their day was done, he'd be treated to well-earned home cooked meal prepared by theirs wife.
Things couldn't be more different in 2015. The only two people I know who cook better than I do is my brother, who is a professional chef in Atlanta, and my mother who taught me to cook because they knew that culinary agency among females was plummeting quickly as they often verbalized as much while instructing me. Fucking pathetic.
The fact is I don't need a woman to cook for me because I can do it myself. Don't get me wrong, I would certainly like for a woman to cook for me because nothing's sexier than an attractive woman slaving over a stove for their man. But if they can't or won't, I'd be just fine.
That's what I'm talkin' about
Cooking is something women could be better at than men, but because they have no interest in expanding their value outside of their sexual allure, men have become the undisputed kings of the kitchen and the margin continues to widen by the day.
Don't believe me? The biggest, most watched, and most profitable cooking shows and competitions on televisions are hosted and run by men. Gordon Ramsay, Wolfgang Puck, Guy Fieri, Anthony Bourdain, Emeril Legasse (the list goes on and on) currently occupy the majority of the cooking show market share.
Today's woman would choose the “Kardashian/Jenner/Housewives of whatever city” route if given their choice of television shows to star in. They're not interested in much other than shopping, riding the carousel, or bitching about how they can't get a wi-fi signal at whatever overpriced coffee shop they're at. Incidentally enough, they own the majority of the television market share on these subject matters.
“You continue to prove women can't cook you donkey!”
In the same vein, we certainly don't need women for other household duties such as laundry, ironing, and other domestic chores around the house. Again, these are tasks women used to do for their men on a regular basis, but these days chicks barely know how to iron or properly steam a dress shirt.
At this point it's safe (and sad) to say that men are better than women in this area, effectively eliminating a man's need for a woman to cook and clean for him.
Child Rearing
Women seem to have this crazy idea that because the court system's default setting is to award custody to the mother 85% of the time means that they're better parents.
This of course, is laughed out loud funny because everyone knows girls raised by single mothers usually end up as mentally ill sluts, and boys raised by single moms are much more likely run into trouble with the law.
Moms pay more attention to their phones than their children
On the flip side, it's common knowledge that girls raised without fathers (or bad ones) are far more promiscuous than girls raised with them (hence the term “daddy issues”) and boys raised by a strong male figure are exponentially more successful in every aspect of life.
What's more is that men are much better with money making single father homes more stable . As the more responsible sex, a man will pass their financial shrewdness to their children, whereas a woman who buys the hot new iPhone rather than pay the electric bill will undoubtedly influence the future spending habits of them young.
Obviously the ideal situation is for children to be raised in a two-parent, heterosexual household with the father acting as the disciplinarian and the mother as the nurturer. But the steep decline in traditional nuclear families is producing selfish, low quality females who have absolutely no clue about what it takes to raise children.
A couple years ago I saw a mother with their eyes glued to their phone while their daughter tugged at their pants to get their attention. I realized right then and there that just about every woman I knew or had known who was a single mother was a bad and selfish parent. The ones who weren't were doing just enough to not be considered terrible.
An extreme example of a terrible mother
Shortly after moving west I became friends with a woman at work. Over the next few months here's what I learned about her: She'd been pregnant three times. They aborted the first one and lost custody of the second one after getting popped for drugs. They were able to hang onto kid number three, but he's a five-year-old boy who is attention starved because they miss their absentee father, and has been kicked out of numerous day cares for extremely disturbing behavior (even by today's standards). They will most assuredly end up in prison not long after they turn 18 (I joke with them all the time telling them things like “get that bail money ready!”).
Believe it or not, he's much worse than this kid
To top it off she's pregnant again. But here's the kicker: the father could be one of three different dudes and she's already decided to get an abortion.
This woman just turned 30 and still has the stones to believe they deserve a good man
Now this is an extreme example but I'm willing to bet stories like these are becoming increasingly common in today's debaucherous sexual climate. All of that said, it's safe to say that men no longer need women for their deplorable parenting skills taking, yet, another made up merit badge off their sashes.
Made up qualities women think men want
Strength
The definition of a “strong woman” varies from person to person but in 2015 a strong woman is basically a female who runs off at the mouth, posts memes about how strong they are as a woman, and has a jaded disposition—a direct result of being fucked and chucked on the regular.
They were likely crying because they found out they were the side piece instead of the main chick. Story of their life.
Women are mentally fragile. If someone hurts their feelings, they either cries or has a breakdown on the spot. And of course they're the smaller, weaker sex. Any “strength” they have is because of their ability to quickly recruit white knights to defend them.
Even if women had the strength they pretend to have, it's not what men are looking for. Girls don't want weak men so what makes them think we want “strong” women?
As men, we have all the physical strength and cerebral brawn we need (more on this in a bit). We want women who add to our lives and bring something to the table we don't currently have. We don't want or need a surplus of a fraudulent commodity women claim to have that turns out to be more of a headache than an asset—especially when they're trying to prove it to you, themselves, and everyone around them all the time.
No thanks hun…I'm good
Men want a woman's support, deference, and sexual loyalty—not them “strength.”
“Oooohhhh you just can't handle a strong woman can you??”
Actually I manhandle them…and never call them again. But don't worry, they're “strong” enough to move on from getting humped and dumped by assholes like me which will free them up to find a man who will appreciate their “inner strength.”
Intelligence
Men are smarter than women. Period.
Feminists are always quick to point out that females outperform males from elementary school all the way up through college, but they haven't seemed to realize that the worlds best engineers, surgeons, scientists, etc. are men. This explains why they're herding females by the truckload toward STEM careers.
What's more is that the educational system is stacked against boys and skewed heavily in favor of girls. Girls excel in cushy classrooms while boys learn much better getting their hands dirty, turning a wrench, or getting under the hood.
It's all fine and dandy until they get out into the real world and realizes that their “A” in algebra doesn't mean shit
After hours of sitting on their hands in a classroom, a boy gets restless. When that happens, he's drugged to the point of being a zombie, which further puts them behind. If they manage to somehow escape the American educational abyss, their only shot at success at that point is to go to vocational school where he'll actually learn something that will provide them with a comfortable lifestyle.
This isn't to say that women don't have some semblance of intelligence. Women are born with razor sharp instincts that are, at times, far superior to men. They thrive in social and hierarchical environments as a matter of survival. Women's intuition.
If they loved and supported a man who respected their proven ability to read people, the man would stand to benefit in several different ways. But the idea that a man needs today's woman because she's smarter than they are or that they represent some sort of unfair advantage merely because of their very presence is silly.
Women are fed the ridiculous proverb that behind every great man is a great woman from birth. The ironic satire is that they're too stupid to realize it isn't true.
“Smart” women almost always end up like this….alone
Other than hiring a female divorce attorney (which is an advantage for obvious reasons), men don't need women because of their smarts. In fact, a woman can be as dumb as a box of fucking rocks but if she's attractive, kind, feminine, and submissive I'd bet the farm that no less than 10 out of 10 men would choose them over the ambitious super slut with their Master's Degree sleeping their way up the corporate ladder.
“Intelligent” women don't intimidate us…they fucking annoy us.
So…what are you sayin'?
I didn't stutter.
American women are only good for sex. Point blank.
They're shitty parents who can't cook and seem unwilling and incapable of improving in either area. Then the “smart” and “strong” ones are so busy trying to compete with us and every other male out there that they not only forget how to be feminine, they don't realize that men don't want or need their make believe brains or white knight-powered strength.
This is an endangered species so men may as well enjoy the decline
Sure, there are exceptions (see below) but most of them are already locked down as they should be. But most of today's women are bitchy, masculine, selfish cunts with inferiority complexes that make them think they want to dominate men.
The sad truth is that decades of feminism has reduced women to nothing more than three holes and a set of tits who are only as good as the orgasms they provide men. The feminist attempt to make women multi-dimensional in a masculine way has made them as one dimensional as they've ever been in human history.
The Supreme Court on Thursday approved changes that would make it easier for the FBI to hack into computers, including those belonging to victims of cybercrime. The changes will take effect in December, unless Congress adopts competing legislation.
Previously, under the federal rules on criminal procedures, a magistrate judge couldn't approve a warrant request to search a computer remotely if the investigator didn't know where the computer was—because it might be outside their or their jurisdiction.
The rule change, sent in a letter to Congress on Thursday, would allow a magistrate judge to issue a warrant to search or seize an electronic device regardless of where it is, if the target of the investigation is using anonymity software like Tor to cloak their location. Over a million people use Tor to browse popular websites like Facebook every month for perfectly legitimate reasons, in addition to criminals who use it to hide their locations.
The changes are already raising concerns among privacy advocates who have been closely following the issue.
“Whatever euphemism the FBI uses to describe it—whether they call it a ‘remote access search' or a ‘network investigative technique'—what we're talking about is government hacking, and this obscure rule change would authorize a whole lot more of it,” Kevin Bankston, director of the Open Technology Institute, said in a press release.
Ahmed Ghappour, a visiting professor at University of California Hastings Law School, has described it as “possibly the broadest expansion of extraterritorial surveillance power since the FBI's inception.”
The Supreme Court ruling also expands the warrants to allow the FBI to hack into computers that have already been hacked, such as those infected by a botnet—a type of malware that gives criminal hackers the power to take over many innocent “zombie” computers to distribute spam or spread viruses.
This part of the ruling would allow the FBI to search the victim's property.
“On account of their distributed nature, investigations of unlawful botnets undoubtedly pose a significant barrier to law enforcement,” Amie Stepanovich, senior policy counsel for digital rights group Access Now, said in testimony before the judicial panel that considered the rule change before it got to the Supreme Court.
However, “the proposed amendment unilaterally expands [FBI] investigations to further encompass the devices of the victims themselves, those who have already suffered injury and are most at risk by the further utilization of the botnet.”
It's now up to Congress to modify or reject the proposed changes. Otherwise, the policies go into effect on December 1.
“These amendments will have significant consequences for Americans' privacy and the scope of the government's powers to conduct remote surveillance and searches of electronic devices,” Senator Ron Wyden, D-Ore., wrote in a press release on Thursday. “I plan to introduce legislation to reverse these amendments shortly, and to request details on the opaque process for the authorization and use of hacking techniques by the government.”
Detectives released chilling surveillance video on Tuesday that captured the exchange of gunfire after two gunmen attacked a shop owner who fought back during a robbery attempt in Oakland Park.
One of the suspected robbers and the business owner suffered gunshot wounds.
Accused gunman Conrad Bloomfield, 36, of Lauderhill, remained hospitalized and on Tuesday was charged with attempted murder in connection with the incident. They and an unknown accomplice held up Andrew Hepburn inside their CAD Auto Parts shop at 2935 NW 17th Terr. shortly before 1 p.m. Monday, the Broward Sheriff's Office said.
Authorities say Bloomfield and their accomplice each took a peek into Hepburn's office, before returning to try to rob them moments later.
That's when Bloomfield demanded Hepburn, 39, get on the ground at gunpoint after pulling them off their chair by the shirt. Bloomfield struck them on the head with the gun when Hepburn took too long to follow orders, according to an arrest report.
The video shows the would-be robber stomping on Hepburn in an effort to hold them down and grabbing Hepburn's arms behind their back. Meanwhile, their fellow assailant appeared to become distracted by a witness.
As Bloomfield rummaged through Hepburn's pockets, the business owner struggled with Bloomfield in an attempt to get the gun, the report said.
Bloomfield screamed for their accomplice's help as Hepburn managed to take the gun from him. Authorities say Hepburn shot at Bloomfield five times in the chest. Bloomfield's accomplice shot Hepburn once on the right side of their chest, the report said.
The second gunman ran off after the shooting and remains at large, sheriff's spokesperson Dani Moschella said.
Bloomfield and Hepburn were taken to Broward Health Medical Center. Bloomfield suffered life-threatening injuries and was in serious to critical condition, Moschella said.
Hepburn was expected to survive, they said.
"This video shows remarkable violence. It's amazing, given the exchange of gunfire in such a small space, that no one was killed," Moschella said. "These criminals are armed and capable of doing this again. We urge the public to help BSO detectives get them off the street."
Detectives are searching for Bloomfield's armed accomplice and a getaway driver who took off in a dark gray, late model BMW. They would also like to speak to the witness caught in the midst of the robbery who managed to escape, Moschella said.
Authorities urge anyone with information about the incident to call Detective Trevor Goodwin at 954-321-4270 or Broward Crime Stoppers at 954-493-8477. Tips to Crime Stoppers may be offered anonymously and may have a reward of up to $3,000 if there is an arrest.
epesantes@tribpub.com at 954-356-4543 or Twitter @epesantes
Set in Estonia in the 1950s, ‘The Fencer' is the Finnish contender for an Oscar nomination in the Foreign Film category and it has already received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Foreign-Language film.
In the film, a young Estonian fencer, played by Mart Avandi, is forced to return to their homeland to escape the Russian secret police. They then becomes a teacher at a local school – but the past catches up with him, presenting them with a difficult choice.
Director Klaus Haro says they were unsure about taking on the film at first.
“I did not want to read the script. When I was asked: ‘Do you want to read a script set in the Estonian 1950s?', I felt, ‘Oh boy, it's so grey!' But I said ‘yes' to be polite,” Haro explains.
“But when I started to read about this person who wants to stay away, who wants to hide from everybody, while they are a teacher of children – naturally they are all over them like a father figure, so it is impossible to hide, to stay private – and I thought this conflict of wanting to stay by yourself and these children who need you. That's a wonderful conflict.”
The film is a dramatisation of the life of Endel Nelis, an Estonian Fencing coach who established a school in the 1950s that still trains fencers to this day.
The film weaves in autobiographical details and other themes that characterised Estonia in the mid-20th century.
“I liked the visual idea that in this grey, wintry countryside village, something beautiful almost like dance, like ballet comes in, in the form of fencing. Fencing is white and elegant. And than you have this everyday grey life of the communist Estonia. And this also was a beautiful visual image to me,” Haro says.
“There are many themes, of course, because this is set in the Estonian 1950s and it's an era of suspicion. Everybody was afraid of everybody. ‘What if I say something wrong, what if I say something that will offend you and you will tell the authorities
“But for me, ‘The Fencer' is most of all about the relationship between grown-ups and children. How do we treat children? And there we have the theme of the film, which in one line they say: ‘Keep the distance!' In fencing, when you fence you need to see where the other person is, you need to keep a distance and know where that person is.
“To me the theme of the film is really this – if you keep the distance to every person and everything, you will be safe but you will feel meaningless.”
Conservatives should be darn proud of the state, because for years it has faithfully echoed their ethos.
Why have tea-partying conservatives stayed mum about the hazardous chemical spill in West Virginia? Maybe because they'd look monumentally stupid if they hewed to their convictions and said, "This incident, while regrettable, is further proof that what we need in America is less government regulation."
Seriously, they should say that, because West Virginia is truly a tea party nirvana, a state where the coal-related industries run rampant and the government overseers are wilfully blind as bats.
Granted, 7500 gallons of something called 4-methylcyclohexane methanol (also known as crude MCHM) spilled into the Elk River because the chemical was stored on the riverbank; and, granted, roughly 300,000 West Virginians in nine counties (16 percent of the state population) had no drinking, cleaning, and bathing water; and, granted, roughly 169 people have been treated for exposure and 14 have wound up in the hospital - but hey, isn't this the price we oughta pay for freedom? Compliments of the aptly named Freedom Industries?
Tea-partying conservatives should be darn proud of West Virginia, because for years the state has faithfully echoed their ethos. State regulators last inspected the riverbank site in 1991 and 2002 - before Freedom Industries took it over to house its coal-processing chemical. State regulators didn't even know what crude MCHM was, or what health risks it posed, or how to treat it, until it was already in the water.
Three years ago, federal officials at the U.S. Chemical Safety Board urged the state to end its lax oversight and launch a "Hazardous Chemical Release Prevention Program," but the state didn't bother to respond. Freedom Industries didn't need to demonstrate that its storage facility was safe, or that it was wise to store on a riverbank, because the state only regulates chemical processing, not storage. Indeed, Freedom Industries only needed one state permit for the site; as Randy Huffman, the state's top environmental official, described it on CNN, "Basically, they had to monitor the runoff from the rain."
But now that they're stuck with Spillgate - an event arguably as important as the George Washington Bridge scandal, byt drawing far less media attention because it's in flyover country - top West Virginians are suddenly singing a brand-new tune. (How do you define a West Virginia progressive? It's a small-government conservative who can't use their own shower.)
Huffman says, "There's not necessarily the kind of robust environmental controls that people might anticipate that there should be." Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin, a heretofore industry-friendly Democrat, is suddenly saying, "We need to do what we can to see that this kind of incident never happens again. There's no excuse for it." And Jeffrey Kessler, president of the West Virginia Senate, is saying, "People always beat the drum about too much government regulation. My goodness, there are 300,000 people I guarantee wish they had a little more regulation.”
Funny how the tea-party groups haven't uttered a peep about any of this.
Isn't this a swell opportunity for them to stand tall against calls for "a little more regulation?" Presumably, they still believe that their laissez faire ideology trumps the health and safety of 300,000 people, so why not come out and say it? Some lawmakers in Washington are talking about closing loopholes in the 1976 federal Toxic Substances Control Act - thus giving the feds more basic info, and giving the EPA more sway, over a lot more chemicals, including crude MCHM - so isn't this a perfect time for tea partyers to stamp their feet in principled opposition? How about some new TV ads, bankrolled by the Koch brothers, bemoaning the evils of government regulation?
Nah, I guess timing is all wrong. Better to wait until everyone forgets what happened (again) in West Virginia. For now, we only have news items like this, from a region where the water ban remains in effect:
At the Harvest Time Church of God, which shelters about 25 men, Jess Inclenrock, the pastor, said they were making do without showers. “We just keep our arms down,” they said. “When we worship, we keep our hands below our shoulders, you know.” They mimicked the gesture of waving their open hands without raising them above their shoulders. “Hallelujah.”
Guarding against armpit odor...Now that's the kind of self-reliant anti-regulation gumption that government haters can really swing with.
-----
Copyright 2013 Dick Polman, distributed exclusively by Cagle Cartoons newspaper syndicate.
Dick Polman is the national political columnist at NewsWorks/WHYY in Philadelphia (newsworks.org/polman) and a "Writer in Residence" at the University of Philadelphia. Email them at dickpolman7@gmail.com.
A new Ted Cruz ad attacks Donald Trump for the time Trump "colluded with Atlantic City insiders to bulldoze the home of an elderly widow for a limousine parking lot at their casino."
"He have no heart, that man," the widow says in the TV ad.
Trump responded to the attack on Meet the Press this morning by pointing out that they merely tried to knock down the widow's home but was ultimately unsuccessful.
"His ad is wrong because I never knocked down that house. I wanted to get that house to build a building that would have employed tremendous numbers of people. But when the woman didn't want to sell, ultimately I said forget about it," Trump said.
Cruz's ad never said Trump was successful in knocking down the widow's home, and Trump's claim that they simply gave up on going after the widow when they didn't want to sell their house is misleading. The widow went to court and won.
Matt Labash tells the whole story in the latest issue of THE WEEKLY STANDARD:
V. They Love The Little Guy, Unless the little Guy Needs to be Crushed Or in one case, not even a little guy, but a little old lady. Among civil-libertarian Trumpologists, Vera Coking has become something of a folk hero. As outlined by the Washington Post's Manuel Roig-Franzia and the Institute for Justice (whose lawyers represented -Coking), in the 1990s, Coking was a then-septuagenarian widow and proud owner of a three-story boarding house in Atlantic City, where she'd lived since 1961. As casino developers circled, their house became vulture bait. In the '80s, Penthouse's Bob Guccione offered them $1 million to sell so they could throw up a casino on their land. Coking passed. So Guccione began building around her, going so far as to construct skeletal beams over their roof. But in the middle of construction, their project went bust. Trump swooped in, having bought Guccione's remains, seeking to enlarge their casino empire with the Trump Plaza (now closed). They too made a play for their land, desiring to turn it into a waiting area for limousines. While attempting to get them to sell, Trump buttered them up with Neil Diamond tickets, though Coking had no idea who Neil Diamond was. They still stubbornly refused. So Trump went to work around her, dismantling Guccione's unfinished construction. And while Trump has aggressively disparaged the condition of their house, as though that justifies trying to take it, Coking's lawyers charged that demolition crews had started a fire on their roof, broken windows, removed their fire escape, and "nearly destroyed the entire third story of their home by dropping concrete blocks through the roof." Coking still refused to sell. Enter the city's Casino Reinvestment Development Authority, a highfalutin' name for an eminent domain operation, working in cahoots with Trump to remove Coking's house from their possession. In 1994, the casino authority made them an offer they couldn't refuse: They would give them $251,250 for their house (750 grand less than what Guccione had offered a decade prior). And if they didn't accept within 30 days, they'd take them to court to snatch their land through eminent domain. Coking and the city ended up duking it out in court, Trump throwing in with the casino authority. But after years of wrangling, in 1998, the Superior Court of New Jersey ruled in Coking's favor, shutting Trump and Co. down. Trump, who has repeatedly expressed rapturous support for eminent domain, claiming it's necessary to build roads and schools (if not limousine parking lots at casinos), called Coking's house "a tremendous blight on Atlantic City." The brassy widow, for their part, called Trump "a maggot, a cockroach, and a crumb."
Read Labash's full story here.
Offensive Player of the Year: Jake Browning, Washington
Pat Tillman Defensive Player of the Year: Adoree' Jackson, USC
Freshman Offensive Player of the Year: Sam Darnold, USC
Freshman Defensive Player of the Year: Taylor Rapp, Washington
Coach of the Year: Mike MacIntyre, Colorado
SAN FRANCISCO — Quarterback Jake Browning of WASHINGTON has been named Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Year, defensive back Adoree' Jackson of USC the Pat Tillman Defensive Player of the Year and Mike MacIntyre of COLORADO the Pac-12 Coach of the Year. In addition, quarterback Sam Darnold of USC has been named the Pac-12 Offensive Freshman of the Year and defensive back Taylor Rapp the Pac-12 Defensive Freshman of the Year.
Offensive Player of the Year – Jake Browning, QB, Washington: Browning, a sophomore from Folsom, Calif., completed 214 passes in 329 attempts for 3,162 yards and a school record 40 touchdowns with just seven interceptions. Browning ranks fourth in the FBS in passing efficiency (181.6) and 17th in completion percentage (.650). Was named Pac-12 Player of the Week and garnered many nationally weekly honors for their performance against Oregon on Oct. 8. They set the UW record with six touchdown passes, breaking the record of five, which they tied earlier in the season against Idaho on Sept. 10. They finished the game completing 22-of-28 for 304 yards with no interceptions, and rushed for two touchdowns, setting the school record for total touchdowns in a game, with eight. Under Browning's guidance, the Huskies are averaging 44.8 points per game, well ahead of the school-record 41.9 points per game set in 1991. He's led Washington to its first 10-win season since 2000 and has the Huskies ranked in the Associated Press Top 10 for 13 consecutive weeks. Browning is the first Husky to earn the honor since quarterback Marques Tuiasosopo in 2000.
Pat Tillman Defensive Player of the Year – Adoree' Jackson, DB, USC: Jackson, a junior from Belleville, Ill., has been a dynamic three-way performer for the Trojans. He's one of three finalists for the Jim Thorpe Award, honoring the nation's top defensive back. He's also one of four finalists for the Paul Hornung Award, honoring the nation's most versatile player. Jackson is fourth on the team with 51 tackles and has four interceptions to go with 11 pass breakups and two fumble recoveries. In their role as a punt/kick returner, Jackson has 19 punt returns for 302 yards (15.9 avg) and two touchdowns, and 22 kick returns for 671 yards (30.5 avg) and two touchdowns. On the offensive side of the ball, they have five carries for 49 yards and one reception for 52 yards. In the final game of the regular season, a 45-27 win over Notre Dame, Jackson tallied 291 all-purpose yards and scored on a 55-yard punt return, a 52-yard catch and run, and a 97-yard kick return. They own the USC career kickoff return yardage record (2,045 yards). They have scored 15 touchdowns via reception (6), interception (1), punt return (4) and kickoff return (4). Jackson is the first Trojan to win the award since linebacker Rey Maualuga in 2008.
Freshman Offensive Player of the Year – Sam Darnold, QB, USC: Darnold, a redshirt first-year student from Capistrano Beach, Calif., came on to start in the fourth game of the season and has guided the Trojans to an 8-1 record in their nine starts, including a current winning streak of eight games in which USC posted better than 400 yards of total offense in each win. Darnold has completed 213-of-313 passes for 2,633 yards and a USC first-year student record 26 touchdowns with just eight interceptions. Darnold is the only USC quarterback in history to have back-to-back games with five touchdowns in each (Arizona and California in 2016). They have thrown multiple TD passes in eight straight games, the first Trojan to do so since Matt Leinart in 2004. Their 230 rushing yards in 2016 are the most in a season by a USC quarterback since Reggie Perry's 254 in 1991.
Freshman Defensive Player of the Year – Taylor Rapp, DB, Washington: Rapp, a first-year student from Bellingham, Wash., has played in all 12 games this season, starting the last seven as the team's fifth defensive back. He's fifth on the team with 42 tackles and second on the squad with two interceptions, both coming against USC. They contributed to a Washington secondary that was second in the Pac-12 against the pass, allowing 201.9 yards per game.
Coach of the Year – Mike MacIntyre, Colorado: Following one of the greatest one-season turnarounds in school history, MacIntyre earns Pac-12 Coach of the Year honors after leading the Buffaloes to a 10-2 record overall and a 8-1 mark in Conference play, claiming the school's first South Division title. After completing the 2015 season with a 1-8 Pac-12 record and a 4-9 mark overall, the Buffs were picked to finish last in the Pac-12 South as they entered the 2016 campaign. With the all-time biggest overall improvement in Pac-12 Conference play from one year to the next, Colorado has climbed the polls and is currently ranked No. 9 in the latest AP rankings. Under MacIntyre, the Buffaloes lead the Conference in total defense (322.4 ypg), second in scoring defense (18.8 ppg) and are fifth in total offense (478.3 ypg).  They are the fifth coach in Colorado history to be named Conference Coach of the Year, joining Dal Ward (Big Eight 1956), Eddie Crowder (Big Eight 1965), Bill McCartney (Big Eight 1985, 1989, 1990) and Gary Barnett (Big 12 2001, 2004).
In addition to individual awards, the Pac-12 coaches selected the 2016 All-Pac-12 Football Team that follows.
NOTES ON THE 2016 ALL-PAC-12 FOOTBALL TEAM
Selection Procedures: The All-Pac-12 Team is selected by the Pac-12 head football coaches.
By School: WASHINGTON placed the most players on the first team with nine selections. USC is next with four, although Adoree' Jackson accounts for two spots as a DB and RS, followed by UCLA and UTAH with three selections each ... Pac-12 South Division champion COLORADO placed two on first team. It had just one first team selection in the previous five years (WR Paul Richardson, 2013). STANFORD and WASHINGTON STATE each had two first team selections, while ARIZONA STATE had one.
By Class: Of the 27 first-team selections, 11 are seniors, 12 are juniors, and four are sophomores.
Two-time Selections: Six players are repeat first-team selections from last year.
No Tiebreaker: There was a tie for the fifth offensive lineman for both first and second teams, so each team is represented with six offensive linemen. There was a tie for the third linebacker spot on second team.
2016 ALL-PAC-12 CONFERENCE FOOTBALL TEAM
First Team Offense Second Team Offense QB Jake Browning, So., Washington QB Luke Falk, Jr., Washington State RB Myles Gaskin, So, Washington RB Ronald Jones III, So., USC RB Christian McCaffrey, Jr., Stanford RB Phillip Lindsay, Jr., Colorado WR Gabe Marks, Sr., Washington State WR Chad Hansen, Jr., California WR John Ross, Jr., Washington WR JuJu Smith-Schuster, Jr., USC TE Pharaoh Brown, Sr., Oregon TE Nate Iese, Sr., UCLA OL Trey Adams, So., Washington OL Isaac Asiata, Sr., Utah OL Zach Banner, Sr., USC OL Sean Harlow, Sr., Oregon State OL Garett Bolles, Jr., Utah OL Jeromy Irwin, Jr., Colorado OL Jake Eldrenkamp, Sr., Washington OL Damien Mama, Jr., USC OL Scott Quessenberry, Jr., UCLA OL Conor McDermott, Jr., UCLA OL Chad Wheeler, Sr., USC OL Coleman Shelton, Jr., Washington
First Team Defense Second Team Defense DL Hunter Dimick, Sr., Utah DL Hercules Mata'afa, So., Washington State DL Tak McKinley, Sr., UCLA DL Stevie Tu'ikolovatu, Sr., USC DL Elijah Qualls, Jr., Washington DL Vita Vea, So., Washington DL Solomon Thomas, Jr., Stanford DL JoJo Wicker, So., Arizona State LB Jayon Brown, Sr., UCLA LB Keishawn Bierra, Jr., Washington LB Jimmie Gilbert, Sr., Colorado LB Koron Crump, Jr., Arizona State LB Azeem Victor, Jr., Washington LB Cameron Smith, So., USC LB Kenny Young, Jr., UCLA DB Budda Baker, Jr., Washington DB Chidobe Awuzie, Sr., Colorado DB Adoree' Jackson, Jr., USC DB Tedric Thompson, Sr., Colorado DB Sidney Jones, Jr., Washington DB Marcus Williams, Jr., Utah DB Shalom Luani, Sr., Washington State DB Ahkello Witherspoon, Sr., Colorado
First Team Specialists Second Team Specialists PK Zane Gonzalez, Sr., Arizona State PK Andy Phillips, Sr., Utah P Mitch Wishnowsky, So., Utah P Matt Haack, Sr., ASU RS Adoree' Jackson, Jr., USC RS Dante Pettis, Jr., Washington ST Ryan Moeller, Jr., Colorado AP/ST Tony Brooks-James, So., Oregon
RS=return specialist
ST=special teams player (not a kicker or returner)
(2) Two-time first team selection
PAC-12 ALL-CONFERENCE HONORABLE MENTION
ARIZONA: AP/ST Samajie Grant, Sr.; WR Nate Phillips, Sr.; WR Trey Griffey, Sr.
ARIZONA STATE: WR N'Keal Harry, Fr.; LB Viliami (Laiu) Moeakiola, Sr.
CALIFORNIA: PK Matt Anderson, Jr.; DL James Looney, Jr.; OL Steven Moore, Sr.; RB Khalfani Muhammad, Sr.; QB Davis Webb, Sr.
COLORADO: WR Bryce Bobo, Jr.; DL, Jordan Carrell, Sr.; WR Shay Fields, Jr.; OL Alex Kelley, Sr.; OL Gerrad Kough, Jr.; QB Sefo Liufau, Sr.; LB Kenneth Olugbode, Sr.; WR Devin Ross, Jr.; DL Josh Tupou, Sr.
OREGON: LB Troy Dye, Fr.; RB Royce Freeman, Jr.; OL Jake Hanson, Fr.; TE Johnny Mundt, Sr.; RS Charles Nelson, Jr.; OL Calvin Throckmorton, Fr.; K Matt Wogan, Sr.
OREGON STATE: DB Xavier Crawford, Fr.; DB Treston Decoud, Sr.; OL Gus Lavaka Fr.; RB Ryan Nall, So.
STANFORD: LB Joey Alfieri, Jr.; P Jake Bailey, So.; DB Dallas Lloyd, Sr.; RB Bryce Love, So.; RS Christian McCaffrey, Jr.; DB Quenton Meeks, So.; LB Kevin Palma, Sr.; Harrison Phillips, Jr.; DB Justin Reid, So.; TE Dalton Schultz, Jr.; ST Brandon Simmons, Jr.; PK Conrad Ukropina, Sr.
UCLA: WR Darren Andrews, Jr.; DB Randall Goforth, Sr.; Fabian Moreau, Sr.; DL Eddie Vanderdoes, Jr.; DB Jaleel Wadood, Jr.
USC: QB Sam Darnold, RSFr.; DL Rasheem Green, So.; DL Porter Gustin, So.; DB Chris Hawkins, Jr.; LB Michael Hutchings, Sr.; TE Daniel Imatorbhebhe, RSFr.; DB Iman Marshall, So.; Leon McQuay III, Sr.; WR Darreus Rogers, Sr.
UTAH: DB Chase Hansen, So.; DL Lowell Lotulelei, Jr.; DL Filipo Mokofisi, Jr.; DL Pasoni Tasini, Sr.; DL Pita Taumoepenu, Sr.; RB Joe Williams, Sr.
WASHINGTON: TE Darrell Daniels, Sr.; DL Greg Gaines, So.; DB Kevin King, Sr.; TE Drew Sample, So.; LB Psalm Wooching, Sr.
WASHINGTON STATE: WR River Cracraft, Sr.; OL Cole Madison, Jr.; RB Jamal Morrow, Jr.; OL Cody O'Connell, Jr.; LB Peyton Pelluer, Jr.; OL Riley Sorenson, Sr.
Training Your Rabbit: Reality 101 by Dana Krempels, Ph.D.
Obedience Training
Question: Are rabbits intelligent?
Answer: Your college kid should be this smart.
Question: Do rabbits like to obey?
Answer: Hahahahahaha.
Why is a Rabbit Not Like a Dog?
Now consider the rabbit. The wild rabbits from which our domestic friends are descended are indeed social creatures--but they are herbivores who have not had the evolutionary pressure to be highly cooperative. The family group lives in a series of excavated tunnels (the warren) in the earth. There is a social hierarchy, but it is generally based on which rabbit is the strongest and toughest. Rabbits cooperate only in the sense their evolutionarily programmed alarm systems benefit the entire warren. Rabbits can certainly be extremely affectionate with one another, but they also have distinct likes and dislikes of other rabbits. It's often impossible for a human to guess which rabbits will fall in love, and which ones will hate each other from the start and never learn to get along. Surprisingly, it's often easier for a rabbit to get along with a human, cat, dog, guinea pig or other animal than with an unfamiliar member of his/her own species.
Unlike dogs, rabbits have no innate desire to please an alpha. If the human caregiver becomes so frustrated with the apparent disobedience of the rabbit that s/he becomes physically abusive, the rabbit will begin to consider the human as an enemy, and never forget the physical punishment. Hitting a rabbit is not only dangerous to the animal (the skeleton is extremely fragile), but unproductive. The rabbit subjected to physical punishment may become extremely aggressive, hopelessly fearful or--believe it or not--vindictive. With love and patience, the human caregiver can teach the bunny what is acceptable and what is not. The only effective way to train a rabbit away from undesirable behaviors is with positive reinforcement and very gentle negative reinforcement, such as a squirt with a water bottle and a firm "No!" when the bunny is being naughty.
Naughty is as Naughty Does
Living with a rabbit can mean learning to compromise, but it tends to make us better, more toleratnt people in the long run. We highly recommend it!
Learning to Use the Litterbox
Get the Right Box!
To train your rabbit to use a litterbox in a selected area, choose a litterbox that is the right size for the bunny. Don't force a tiny dwarf rabbit to leap into an enormous, high-sided box designed for a gigantic cat--and don't make your French Lop squeeze their big frame into a toaster-sized toilet. The litterbox should be comfortable, and located in a quiet, private place.
What Type of Litters are Safe for Rabbits?
Be sure to use ORGANIC litter in the box. Clay litters--especially clumping litters--are inexpensive, but very unhealthy for two reasons. First, the inhaled clay dust can cause respiratory problems. Second, when ingested as dust licked off paws or as a crunchy treat straight from the box (yes, some of them do it!), the highly dehydrated clay litter absorbs vital fluids from the intestine itself and can cause serious impactions and intestinal slowdowns. Clay litter is not healthy for rabbits or cats.
Organic litters include those made from recycled paper products (e.g. Carefresh, Nature Fresh), pelleted wood sawdust (e.g. Feline Pine, Aspen pellets) or other pelleted organic products. We strongly advise against the use of CatWorks organic litter, however. This particular brand of litter contains a binder with a very high zinc content. We know of at least one confirmed death due to zinc poisoning in a bunny who ingested CatWorks.
Do not use cedar or pine shavings (even those cute, dyed green ones that supposedly contain active chlorophyll--which they don't), as these produce potent aromatic compounds that can potentiate (i.e., increase the effect of) liver enzymes. This can be a problem if the bunny is taking any type of medication or if s/he's facing possible anesthesia. Because the liver is intimately involved with the metabolism of many drugs, their effects in the rabbit will be unpredictable if the bunny is also metabolizing aromatic compounds from wood shavings.
Getting Bunny to Use the Box
Use a baby gate to enclose the bunny in the selected room with their litterbox, and be sure to provide plenty of toys, food, water and comfortable places to sleep. This will be bunny's home base and should be as inviting as you can make it. It may take a few days for the bunny to reliably use the box, as they may mark the area thoroughly as they settle in. It may help to soak or sweep up "accidents" (they're not accidents) with a bit of tissue and put the tissue in the box. He'll get the idea! Like cats, most rabbits prefer to do their biz in a nice, absorbent spot such as a clean litterbox.
It often helps to put a handful of timothy hay in a clean corner of the litterbox to encourage use of the box. A rabbit will often sit in the box, happily munching at one end, while the processed product comes out the other end. This may seem a bit disgusting to a human, but rabbits don't consider their feces to be dirty. Some rabbits will even nap in the litterbox! As long as the litterbox is changed regularly, this should pose no problem: rabbit fecal pellets are hard, dry and relatively odorless. In fact, rabbit litterbox leavings are just about the best natural, organic fertilizer you can get for your garden! Grow an herb garden, fertilize with bunny's litterbox leftovers (including the organic litter) and enjoy the ultimate in recycling!
Once your bunny is reliable about using the litterbox in their area, you can gradually increase their freedom. Be sure that they can always get back to their litterbox when he's free in the house. There's a possibility that they may pick a second area in the house as a toilet corner. If the behavior continues, even after squirt bottle and white vinegar, you may have to raise the white flag and provide another litterbox or two. But bunny's litterbox should not smell if it's changed regularly.
For more tips and information on litter box training your bunny, be sure to visit House Rabbit Society FAQ on Litter Training.
copyright 1998 - Dana Krempels
updated 27 May 2009
Back to Rabbit Health Central
Join EtherBun, a free listserve about rabbit health, care and behavior.
I need to know the origin of the peace symbol. Members of the Alliance for Survival will be constructing what may be the world's largest peace symbol on Santa Monica beach, and we want our facts correct. We've heard some pretty strange rumors. Perhaps you can clear the air once and for all.
Cecil replies:
Sorry I'm a little late getting back to you on this, Jer. I see where the world's largest peace symbol was dedicated July 16. However, the pursuit of knowledge can't be rushed. Incidentally, three rahs on your strategy. Building a gigantic sand castle in La-La Land is sure to make world aggressors think twice.
The design for the familiar crow's-foot-in-a-circle we know as the peace symbol was completed February 21, 1958, by British commercial artist Gerald Holtom. Holtom had been commissioned by the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. The CND, headed by philosopher Bertrand Russell, was planning an Easter march to Canterbury Cathedral to protest the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment at Aldermaston.
After doodling around with several versions of the Christian cross set in a circle, Holtom hit on the crow's-foot idea. This had a couple things going for it. First, it was a combination of the semaphore signals for N and D, standing for Nuclear Disarmament. N is two flags held in an upside-down V, and D is one flag pointed straight up and the other pointed straight down. Second, the crow's-foot has an ancient history as a symbol of death and despair — it looks like somebody spreading their hands in a gesture of defeat. The symbol is shown in a 1955 tome called The Book of Signs by Rudolph Koch, a German calligrapher, although it's unclear whether Holtom saw it there. The circle, finally, can mean “eternity,” “the unborn child,” and so on. From there it's easy to cook up a suitably apocalyptic interpretation of the symbol as a whole.
During the heyday of the peace movement, other interpretations of the symbol were also offered. A national Republican newsletter noted that it looked a lot like an emblem used by the Nazis during World War II — an apparent coincidence. Another interpretation, widely promoted by the John Birch Society and other right-wing groups, was that the symbol was really the “broken cross,” sign of the Antichrist. One Bircher wrote that the broken cross had originally been devised by the Roman emperor Nero, who had Saint Peter crucified on it upside down. In the Middle Ages the symbol allegedly was used to signify the devil. I haven't discovered any good evidence for either of these contentions.
Right-wingers, you'll remember, also distributed bumper stickers featuring the peace symbol with the slogan, “Footprint of the American Chicken,” showing that their sense of humor was no less acute then than now.
Complaint department
Dear Cecil:
Your thesis of the design of the peace symbol is for the birds. The symbol was actually derived from the left's attempt to stop the bombing in Southeast Asia. It was an abstraction of the B-52 bombers being used in Vietnam and Cambodia. It was a natural progression to use this symbol, or versions thereof, as a symbol of protest of nuclear arms proliferation, since we all knew from Dr. Strangelove that SAC B-52 squadrons were poised to ruin every Soviet weekend in the foreseeable future. The “B-52” abstraction was encircled as a symbol of containment and also to make a swell medallion. (Medallions were the in thing to wear in that era, generally called B.C. … Before Cokespoons.) The opinions expressed herein were not researched nor documented, but are merely the blissful reminiscences of one …
Stay blissful, partner. Didn't mean to confuse you with the facts.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
The National Film Board of Canada is about to unveil an ambitious expansion of its gender-equity plan, pushing women into such traditionally male professions as cinematographer, composer and screenwriter. The new plan, which will be announced Tuesday on the eve of the Vancouver Women in Film Festival, will build on a gender-parity initiative that the NFB unveiled last year.
Under the first step, the federal cultural agency had announced that by 2019 half of the projects it produces would be directed by women and half of the money it spends on films would go to projects directed by women. While the feature-film industry both in Hollywood and in Canada remains heavily dominated by male directors, the NFB goal seemed realistic because it has a long institutional history of promoting films made by women and produces mainly documentaries, a field in which women are better represented.
Now, however, the NFB wants to go further and is setting a bold goal of gender parity by 2020 in key creative roles for animation and interactive projects as well as documentaries, and including cinematography, editing, music and screenwriting in the plan.
Story continues below advertisement
"A film is a collaboration of many key creative contributors," NFB chair Claude Joli-Coeur said in an interview. "The [parity for] directors is something so many people have been pushing for, for many, many years: When we committed on gender equity on directors and budget that was a first step. But I knew there was also concern for other positions; I just wanted to take some time and collect some data and organize ourselves."
Joli-Coeur said NFB staffers found little industry data about these secondary creative positions, so they turned to the film board's own statistics: "I was shocked to see how low we were," they said.
Indeed, while the NFB can now boast that in 2016-2017, 44 per cent of its works were directed by women and another 5 per cent by mixed teams, the numbers plummet when you look further down the credits: Only 27 per cent of screenwriters is women, 24 per cent of film editors, 12 per cent of cinematographers and 13 per cent of composers.
"I saw there was an emergency," Joli-Coeur said.
While some of these areas, especially cinematography, are heavily dominated by men and tend to recruit from the technical side of the industry where few women work, Joli-Coeur said the do-it-yourself ethos of many young female filmmakers should make it relatively simple to prepare them for these jobs.
"We do about 60 productions a year: The talent pool is wider than our output. I'm sure we can find them," they said.
To achieve the goal, the NFB will be working with educational institutions and professional guilds as well as with several activist organizations that have been pushing for change, including Women in Film and Television Vancouver, which is organizing this week's festival.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The NFB's 2016 announcement on gender equity has spurred others in the field: Telefilm Canada, the federal agency that funds the Canadian industry, has set itself the vaguer 2020 goal of ensuring its portfolio better reflects Canadian diversity. It has been estimated that less than a quarter of projects funded by Telefilm are directed by women, and those are disproportionately low-budget films.
- Advertisement -
I t was an offhand remark, in 1971, by a Penn State professor to their political science students, that prompted me to become a devoted reader, then decades-long subscriber, to the New York Times: "If you don't read the New York Times, you can't begin to know what's occurring in the U.S. and the world." Over the years, I found overwhelming evidence -- much of it amusing and delightful -- to support their claim, even as I suppressed my suspicions that the "Old Grey Lady" was pimping for a muscular U.S. presence around the world. For years I lived with the conceit that sophisticated people spent much of their weekend mornings reading Sunday's Times
But, my-oh-my, how "Times" have changed! First, copy-cat journalism by Times' "wannabes" undermined the paper's claim to be the "paper of record." Subsequently, that reputation was further eroded - as was the general appeal of newspapers - by the emergence and widespread appeal of "24/7" cable and internet news. Finally, the Times suffered severe self-inflicted wounds - by such dishonest reporters as Jayson Blair and Judith Miller - from which it has yet to recover.
The final straw for me, however, was the December 30, 2007 decision by the Times to hire William Kristol (editor of the Weekly Standard) as a columnist. Although the Times calls Kristol a conservative, they are, in fact, a notorious neoconservative - a member of a political cult that many traditional conservatives disavow. Readers who noticed this Orwellian elision by the Times might also recall that in January 1998, Kristol (and Robert Kagan) wrote an Op Ed titled, "Bombing Iraq isn't Enough," which the Times were reckless enough to publish.
Reckless? Yes, because, as Robert Parry has observed: "Under principles of international law applied from Nuremberg to Rwanda, propagandists who contribute to war crimes or encourage crimes against humanity can be put in the dock alongside the actual killers." [Consortium News, Posted August 21, 2006] Simply recall that, under international law, the unprovoked invasion of another sovereign state is considered the most egregious of war crimes.
- Advertisement -
The decision by the Times to hire this effete, cowardly warmonger smacks of rank hypocrisy, especially when one considers that in May 2004, the Times issued an "apology" to its readers for "problematic articles" that "depended at least in part on information from a circle of Iraqi informants, defectors and exiles bent on 'regime change' in Iraq, people whose credibility has come under in creasing public debate in recent weeks." Yet, who has made more bogus warmongering assertions about Iraq than William Kristol? Who has less credibility today than William Kristol?
As I've written elsewhere, "According to Scott McConnell, in the very first issue published after 9/11, the Weekly Standard 'laid down a line from which the magazine would not waver over the next 18 months.' Their line was 'to link Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden in virtually every paragraph, to join them at the hip in the minds of readers, and then lay out a strategy that actually gave attacking Saddam priority over eliminating al Qaeda.' [McConnell, "The Weekly Standard's War," The American Conservative, September 21, 2005]"
With this immorality, hypocrisy and criminality in mind, I called the New York Times this morning to cancel my subscription. One might pity that poor customer representative who handled my call. As I spewed invective against their employer, all they could do was apologize, ask me to spell the name of the columnist I found so offensive (K-R-I-S-T-O-L) and urge me to "have a nice day. Thank you for calling the New York Times."
- Advertisement -
Having cancelled my subscription, I then sent the following email to the Times' Executive Editor and the VP for Circulation:
"I canceled my subscription to the New York Times -- with prejudice -- a few minutes ago. I've terminated my decades-long subscription because somebody at the Times made the immoral decision to hire William Kristol -- as close to a war criminal as a so-called "journalist" can become. You see, I can have nothing further to do with such a morally tainted newspaper. It's a matter of principle.
You might use this moment to reflect on how the reporting by Judith Miller (AKA stenography for Perle and Chalabi) and your editorial decision to delay reporting on Bush's illegal wiretaps contributed to America's poor moral standing around the world. Now, with the hiring of effete coward and warmonger Kristol, who (possessing any morals at all) can consider the Times to be anything but a whore?
I will use my website to inform my thousands of readers about your immoral decision and I will exhort them to cancel their subscriptions as well.
Sincerely,
Walter C. Uhler
After all, simply consider that, ten years after the end of World War II, the editor of Das Schwarze Korps, Nazi SS leader Gunter d'Alquen, was fined 60,000 Deutsch Marks, "deprived of all civic rights for three years and debarred from drawing an allowance or pension from public funds. They were found guilty of having played an important role in the Third Reich, of war propaganda, inciting against the churches, the Jews and foreign countries, and incitement to murder." [Wikipedia, see also Saul Friedlander, Nazi German and the Jews, Volume I, pp. 311-313]
- Advertisement -
Think about it: If you do something similarly egregious in Bush's Amerika, you get your own column at the New York Times.
This is one I made over the summer, just now getting around to posting it. It's made from the stave in the first picture, a plum branch I harvested last winter. Real fun wood to work with and super pretty, especially the bark. This bow is my best effort to date - smooth draw, pretty accurate and snappy despite the low poundage. Mostly, though, I like how it looks! Its my new go-to target shooter.Specs: 60" ntn, 38# @ 26", bendy handle, with handle about 1" wide, fades around 1 3/4, slowly tapering for most of the limb and then quickly at the end to 1/4" tips with purpleheart overlays. I really like the combo of the plum bark and purpleheart!I heat treated this one quite a bit, mostly to try and remove a deflexed kink in one of the limbs (right side in the unbraced pic). It was pretty successful, ended up with <1/2" set on that side and dead flat on the other. Plum seems to like heat treating and bends well, my next plum project I may try to do something similar with heavier poundage and recurves. Happy holidays, and may the new year bring fresh shavings!
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scientific proof of a chemical weapons attack in Syria could take at least three weeks.
Such was the pressure to get a conclusion the 20-member team of inspectors, including experts from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, left Syria three hours early, defying a warning that travelling at night was dangerous.
They flew to the Netherlands and the samples have been sent to two laboratories in Europe, thought to be in Sweden and Finland.
The team collected samples from the rebel-held areas in the Ghouta suburb of Damascus three times, taking blood, tissue and hair samples from victims.
They also took samples of soil, clothing and rocket fragments.
The experts will be testing for Sarin, mustard gas and other toxic agents.
The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said: “The evidence collected by the team will now undergo laboratory analysis and technical evaluation according to the established and recognised procedures and standards.
"These procedures may take up to three weeks.”
Any results will be sent at first for ‘eyes only' to UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon.
The team was led by Swedish Professor Ake Sellstrom was the chief inspector of special UN unit set up after the Gulf War in the early 1990s to discover if chemical weapons were used during that conflict.
To ensure fairness and to avoid contamination each sample is split into eight parts. At least one part of each sample would have been handed to the Syrian government.
Discovering if Sarin gas was used will take biochemists to the cutting edge of science.
It will be difficult – but not impossible – to detect the chemical breakdown products of any nerve agents that may have been used in the Damascus attack.
Sarin is a small molecule that quickly breaks down within the human body and in the environment after it is released.
However a tiny amount of breakdown product can persist in the victims' blood for between 16 and 26 days.
Traces in soil may last even longer, up to six months.
It can be traced using gas or liquid mass spectrometers that can detect the smallest trace of chemicals and checks samples for up to 2,000 marker chemicals.
One of the key markers for Sarin is the smaller breakdown chemical isopropyl methylphosphonic acid (IMPA).
But Japanese scientists who analysed blood samples of sarin victims in the Matsumoto and Tokyo underground attacks of 1994 and 1995, failed to find breakdown products in some of the individuals who were known to be exposed to the lethal agent.
Bike lanes for Saanich. Affordable housing for Victoria. A new transit line on an old railway corridor.
The prospect of a new government with five MLAs from Greater Victoria, including the incoming premier, is raising hopes among some municipal leaders for more help with longstanding challenges.
In the 2013 provincial election, the victorious BC Liberals were shut out of the seven seats in the Capital Region.
Saanich Mayor Richard Atwell said while the Liberal government funded roads and bridges in the Lower Mainland and other regions, "I can't draw up a long list of what's been done on the Island."
Atwell acknowledged Premier Christy Clark's government did move on the long-awaited McKenzie overpass to ease the crowded commute to the Western Communities.
Esquimalt Mayor Barb Desjardins hopes a premier and MLAs from Greater Victoria will support local priorities such as a regional policing strategy (CHEK News)
Atwell said Saanich is hoping for provincial aid for its $12.5 million plan for cycling lanes on the busy Shelbourne corridor. A smaller section of bike lane was turned down for funding before the election.
Esquimalt Mayor Barb Desjardins, who ran unsuccessfully as a candidate for the BC Liberals in May, said the lack of local MLAs in the outgoing Liberal government has been an obstacle for Capital Region municipalities.
Despite the appointment of two cabinet ministers from middle and north Vancouver Island, Desjardins said, "there was no one that you could go to that would really understand the issues, because they're not here living it.
"The Malahat is much more than just a physical barrier."
Desjardins, who is also the Capital Regional District chair, said their priorities for provincial government support are comprehensive waste management, a review of the fragmented policing system among the region's municipalities and a plan for transit service along the E & N rail corridor.
Victoria Coun. Geoff Young says NDP funding could add affordable housing on sites such as Evergreen Terrace, where these fire-damaged units were recently demolished. (Deborah Wilson/CBC)
Victoria City Councillor Geoff Young told On the Island's Khalil Akhtar the pledge to create more than 100,000 affordable housing units across the province could help ease one of the capital city's toughest problems.
Meanwhile, the modest-sounding promise of a $400 annual rebate for renters would have a measurable economic impact in a city with a high tenant population, Young said.
"We can expect to see an injection of eight to 10 million dollars of purchasing power through that," they said.
Even though the stomach pump has saved hundreds of lives since its invention, anyone who's actually had one used on them will tell you it was one of the worst experiences they've ever had to endure. Keep in mind that this modern version of the stomach pump is the sleeker, more comfortable model. When Dr. Edward Jukes designed a prototype in the 1820s to force a stomach to empty itself (to save patients who had ingested poison), we can guarantee it wasn't nearly as cooperative with human insides. And by "human" we mean "Edward Jukes'," because of course they tested it on himself.
Arallyn
An enema and a stomach pump? This is basically the perfect weight loss kit.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
After inventing the simple mechanism that involved cramming a rubber hose down your throat and sucking away your insides, Jukes knew they couldn't ask anyone else to try the ridiculous thing. It would be their own throat the tube would get rammed down.
And Jukes wasn't about to swallow some simple crackers and then force them back up. No, they went for broke, swallowing a couple grams of opium extract, followed by a pint of water. They added both the threat of drug overdose and the dulling effects of opium into the mix, like a magician insisting on using real blades in their sword swallowing trick. Except Jukes had no audience, which makes this whole sad story a little sadder.
Getty
It's the difference between social drinking and passing out alone in front of Legally Blonde.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
They slid the tube down their throat and pumped out the water they had ingested. It smelled like opium, so they deemed the experiment a success. Just two days later, they doubled down and repeated their experiment with two times the dose of opium. The following day, they did it again with even more opium. We're all for scientific certainty, but what more proof did they need? It obviously worked the first few times when they didn't fall over in a stupor and swallow the hose.
In their last experiment, they used 10 times the original amount of opium and then endured 10 minutes of stomach pumps to try to get it all out. This time, however, they couldn't extract it all before the opium started to take effect. They felt stomach pain and fatigue setting in, probably feeling like they had just attended a party thrown by Friedrich Serturner.
toxipedia
"Good, Jukes, good. Let the opium flow through you, boy."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In the most hilariously understated way possible, they documented their feelings as "disagreeable" before passing out for three hours. They describe waking up after what must have been one of the most hellish experiences of their life by saying:
"I now drank several cups of strong coffee, and in a very short time was restored to my usual state of health and feeling; and having taken, during the evening, occasionally draughts of lemonade, the desire for food returned, and I ate some supper, as though my stomach had not been disturbed."
Wikipedia
"I'd say 'never again,' but who am I kidding, right?"
Yes, you don't have to be crazy to do science, but it sure as hell helps.
For more insane individuals we owe our comfort to, check out 5 People Who Changed the World From Inside of Prison and 5 Accidental Inventions That Changed The World.
And stop by LinkSTORM because it'll build a hump and then get you over it.
And don't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy, sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed.
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article? Then sign up for our writers workshop! Do you possess expert skills in image creation and manipulation? Mediocre? Even rudimentary? Are you frightened by MS Paint and simply have a funny idea? You can create an infographic and you could be on the front page of Cracked.com tomorrow!
Daytona said goodbye to more than two decades of tradition and a familiar logo last winter when it unveiled a new design, name and color scheme as the Tortugas. Loyal local Cubs fans weren't completely sold on leaving behind the team they knew and grew up with.
But after weeks of voting, the Tortugas' logo and cap stand above the rest, especially among the die-hard fans in sunny Daytona Beach, Florida.
"Even some of the fans that didn't care for the name itself have come around on it locally," Daytona general manager Josh Lawther said. "They love the color scheme and the logo itself."
Tortugas fans joined with voters across the country this summer to help the Class A Advanced Reds affiliate claim victory in Clash of the Caps, a contest that let fans choose their preference in an endless succession of fun cap matchups. Riding a wave of buzz around their new cap, logo and look, the Tortugas beat out fellow Cincinnati affilate Pensacola for the top spot -- the Fort Wayne TinCaps, Nashville Sounds and Biloxi Shuckers rounded out the top-five finishers when voting wrapped up Tuesday evening.
"Definitely a tremendous honor to win such a fan-favorite vote like this through all of Minor League Baseball," Lawther said. "It's a testament to a job well done by our staff and [designer] Studio Simon when this was designed back in the fall, a testament to the support it received in local media and the local community. We're extremely honored and excited about the championship."
The team had long been known as the Daytona Cubs and sported a look similar to their parent club, with white and blue pinstriped uniforms and a blue and red cap. But when Chicago shuffled its affiliation tree over the winter, Daytona was left without an affiliate until the Reds rolled into town. The organization revealed its new look, going in a completely opposite direction without any nods to the Reds' logos, name or color scheme.
The Tortugas cap, in fact, is one of only a handful of green hats in the Minors, perhaps something that drew fans to it.
"I think a couple things are, one, the color scheme is unique in Minor League Baseball and just in the sports genre in general," said Lawther.
Lawther also said the newness of the name and logo may have helped create more excitment and interest in the logo, as was the case last year when the El Paso Chihuauas won the contest. Other clubs with new logos also fared well, including Nashville (No. 4), Biloxi (No. 5), West Virginia Black Bears (No. 16) and Frisco (No. 21).
"I think it was that -- the Chihuahuas won last year, they were new and created a buzz with their name choosing, but I'm a big fan of their logo as well," said Lawther of El Paso, which nominated an alternate cap for this year's edition. "They did pretty well themselves -- they're top 10. But we're ecstatic beyond belief."
More traditonal caps and logos also finished near the top, like Chattanooga (No. 6), Durham (No. 14), Carolina (No. 17) and Montgomery (No. 19).
The top finishers all had a southeastern theme, too, with five of the top eight coming from the Southern League, not to mention Daytona, Nashville and El Paso in the top nine. Pensacola, a relatively new Minor League club in Florida, finished second after winning MiLB.com's Best Seat in the House contest earlier in the year. The Blue Wahoos are also a Reds affiliate.
"It's definitely exciting for the Reds organizational as whole to finish No. 1 and 2 in this contest -- definitely a big fan base they have, especially in the Southeast from what we've found out after the fact," Lawther said, "When we had the affiliation change from the Cubs to the Reds -- it's definitely exciting to finish one and two."
Lawther said the club encouraged fans to vote on social media, even asking Daytona players to promote the cap and voting contest to their followers on Twitter.
"The power of social media rang true. We got a lot of our players behind it. They would retweet a picture of themselves in the cap to their audience or hometown fans," said Lawther. "We got some of our local sponsors and partners on board to promote on social media and within their employees. We have some local radio stations, we've been on the radio morning shows promoting it to the local community. So having the players involved and their fan bases being a pretty big deal, it kind of helped spread it nationwide."
The voting, by design, randomized all 160 Minor League caps and aimed to allow fans to see the different logos and looks from outside their local markets. But the Daytona logo was, in fairness, brand new. No one really knew what to expect when it was thrown into a group with logos that are widely recognized in baseball.
"We didn't know what to expect -- we had been a Cubs affiliate for 22 years and didn't know what to expect going independent of our parent franchise, starting from a complete rebranding," Lawther said. "Our merchandise sales exceeded even our expectations. Online orders, people buying the merchandize all throughout the country and supporting it that way -- it's exceeded expectations here. This will put us back in the forefront and generate some more sales opportunities and excitement for the brand."
View the final results on MiLB.com.
Tillsonburg's annual TurtleFest, coming to town June 17-19th, has expanded for 2016.
Bigger than ever, the committee has added new activities and entertainment – especially on the Sunday.
"We want to let everyone know it's a three-day event," said TurtleFest committee member Suzanne Fleet. "Friday downtown, and Saturday and Sunday at Memorial Park. There's going to be more emphasis on Sunday than there was last year."
The idea was to come up with things that appeal to people young and old.
"It's one of the advantages of having a lot of things going on," said Les Anderson.
One of Sunday's highlights will be an ATV bog (mud pit), race and ATV pull, organized by Rick Cox.
"There will be a car show in the park this year, I think that's Saturday," said Anderson, noting they have a different group Saturday from the car show at Friday's Block Party.
"The Lions (Saturday) and Tillsonburg Cruisers (Friday)," Fleet nodded.
The Creative Imaginations Festival returns Saturday, June 18, organized by Tabitha Verbuyst and the Station Arts Centre.
"We're going to have the (Turtley Treats) baking contest again at The Station again," said Fleet.
"The dog show, Canine Water Sports Canada, is back," said Anderson.
New this year is a Nerf Gladiator ‘arena,' with obstacles, at the fenced-in Kiwanis diamond next to the Community Centre.
"You bring your own Nerf gun, and buy your Nerf bullets there, or you can rent everything from them," said Anderson.
A skateboarding competition at the skateboard park and three-on-three basketball in the parking lot next to the Community Centre have been added.
Pickleball, organized by Stonebridge and MSC, will be played on the tennis courts.
"We'll have a vendor market Saturday and Sunday (at the park)," said Fleet. "Music on the stage Saturday… and entertainment. We know that One Ugly Cowboy will be one of the acts."
"I think it (music) starts at 11 a.m.," said Anderson.
The Saturday night outdoor movie returns, said Fleet, and the movie is still TBA.
"We haven't picked it yet."
The Tillsonburg Lake Lisgar Water Park opens on the same weekend as TurtleFest, Fleet noted.
The Block Party anchors Friday night's activities on Broadway.
"Entertainment is organized by Easy 101/107.3," said Virginia Armstrong. "There will be outdoor patios and a VIP lounge and there will be tickets available…"
"Soon," Anderson nodded, directing people to TurtleFest's Facebook page for the latest information.
"We have Little Ray's Reptiles, sponsored by The Town Centre," said Armstrong. "Hands On Exotics, and this year they're going to have a kangaroo, in addition to tortoises, turtles and small fuzzies and creepy crawlies. A little bit of everything."
Opening ceremonies will be at Metro Friday night, more information to come.
"We mentioned the Tillsonburg Cruisers Car Show," said Armstrong. "All kinds of activities hosted by BIA merchants on Broadway – we've got some things in the works. It's going to extremely big. A lot of interactive games, too, we have a lot of service clubs coming down Friday night as well."
A silent auction begins Friday and continues through the weekend.
"We have Brent the Fire Guy coming back this year, the guy who did the juggling with the fire. This year we're looking at having some bleachers brought in.
"There will be hula hoopers, and they will be interactive with the audience. We have The Funny Waiter – they do the balancing of plates on poles."
There will be a puppeteer/ventriloquist with a turtle puppet.
"And we also have a stilt walker," said Armstrong, "dressed like a chef."
Fusball returns, they said, sponsored and organized by Sobeys. More details coming.
"There will be basketball inflatables… and more to be announced. We're firming up a lot of things still."
Turtlefest activities will also be held at Annandale National Historic Site where they have live turtles, and games for kids.
Creative Imaginations at Memorial Park on Saturday will include Little Ray's Reptiles, and a display from Ruffins Pet Centre with mascot, dog groomer and animals.
"We're doing our carnival games again," said Tabitha Verbuyst. "Face painting, balloon animals, crafts, and spinning paint art. And our large canvass to paint on.'
"And we've got some other new stuff in the works," said Verbuyst.
For more information, or to get your TurtleFest 50/50 tickets in advance, stop by the TurtleFest office 10-4 Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at 200 Broadway, Unit 45 (226-777-5404). Also look to Facebook, the website (www.turtlefest.ca) or Twitter for updates.
View the most recent version.
Information identified as archived is provided for reference, research or recordkeeping purposes. It is not subject to the Government of Canada Web Standards and has not been altered or updated since it was archived. Please " contact us " to request a format other than those available.
Tab 1
Tab 2
Tab 3
Tab 4
Tab 5 Wheat area 23.2 million acres 2016 -3.9% (annual change) Canola area 20.0 million acres 2016 -0.4% (annual change) Soybean area 5.5 million acres 2016 1.0% (annual change) Corn for grain area 3.3 million acres 2016 1.7% (annual change) Lentil area 5.8 million acres 2016 47.8% (annual change)
Canadian farmers reported seeding more land to lentils again this year, continuing the strong upward trend observed over the past four years. Seeding of soybeans and corn for grain increased, while canola was relatively unchanged from 2015. Meanwhile, the areas seeded to spring wheat, oats and barley fell in 2016.
Seeding of most crops was nearly completed in early June, ahead of the five-year average. Sowing conditions were generally positive this spring, with only a few localized areas reporting too little or too much moisture. Total crop land lying fallow in 2016 was at an all-time low.
Wheat
Canadian farmers reported an overall decrease in the area sown to wheat this year, down 3.9% to 23.2 million acres. The decline was the result of a 9.2% drop in area seeded to spring wheat, which fell to 15.4 million acres in 2016. In contrast, the area seeded to durum wheat rose 4.8% to 6.1 million acres.
Provincially, Saskatchewan farmers reported that total area seeded to all wheat decreased 7.1% in 2016 to 12.1 million acres. Durum wheat seeded area, however, was constant year over year at 5.0 million acres. Total area seeded to spring wheat dropped 11.9% to 6.9 million acres, a third consecutive decline for the province.
Alberta producers reported that their total wheat acreage fell 2.7% from 2015 to 6.6 million acres. A drop in spring wheat acreage accounted for the decline, down 8.5% to 5.4 million acres. However, durum wheat seeded area increased 34.1% to 1.1 million acres in 2016, matching the record acreage seeded to durum in 2002.
Farmers in Manitoba reported seeding 2.8 million acres of spring wheat, down 3.8% from 2015.
Canola
Canadian farmers reported seeding 20.0 million acres of canola in 2016, down slightly (-0.4%) from the 20.1 million acres reported in 2015.
The overall decline in canola area was attributable to reduced seeded areas in Alberta (-4.3%) and Manitoba (-1.6%). Saskatchewan farmers reported a 2.1% increase from the previous year, seeding 10.9 million acres of canola in 2016. In comparison, farmers in Alberta reported seeding 5.8 million acres, while farmers in Manitoba planted 3.1 million acres. Collectively, these three provinces accounted for nearly all of the canola seeded area in Canada.
Lentils
Total area seeded to lentils reached a record high of 5.8 million acres in 2016, up 47.8% from the record set in 2015.
Lentil area in Saskatchewan, which accounted for 90% of total acreage in Canada, rose 42.6% from last year to 5.3 million acres.
In addition, Alberta farmers more than doubled their planted acres of lentils this year, up 126.0% to 565,000 acres.
Soybeans
In 2016, the total area seeded to soybeans grew 1.0% to 5.5 million acres. This increase was the result of a rise in soybean acreage in Manitoba, which set a new record for the province this year.
In Ontario, the largest soybean producer in Canada, farmers seeded 2.7 million acres in 2016, down 6.4% from last year. Ontario farmers reported using genetically modified seed for almost two-thirds of this area.
Manitoba farmers seeded a record high of 1.6 million acres in 2016, up 17.3% from 2015. This was the ninth straight increase.
In Quebec, the area planted to soybeans was up 3.2% from the previous year to 803,100 acres; genetically modified seed accounted for 63% of this area.
Barley and oats
Nationally, the total area seeded to barley fell 2.2% from 2015 to 6.4 million acres. Alberta and Saskatchewan represented almost 90% of the total barley seeded area in 2016.
The total acreage seeded to oats dropped 14.3% from 2015 to 2.9 million acres in 2016. Alberta was the only province where farmers reported an increase from the previous year in area seeded to oats.
Corn for grain
Canadian farmers reported planting 3.3 million acres of corn for grain in 2016, a 1.7% increase from 2015.
In Ontario, farmers planted 2.1 million acres of corn for grain in 2016, an area similar to that of last year. The area seeded to corn for grain in Quebec edged down 1.4% compared with last year to 889,600 acres. Farmers in Ontario reported that genetically modified seed made up 83% of their total planted areas of corn for grain, while for Quebec farmers, it accounted for 86%.
Meanwhile, farmers in Manitoba planted 325,000 acres of corn for grain in 2016, a 30.0% increase compared with last year.
Note to readers The June farm survey, which collects information on field crop seeded areas in Canada, was conducted from May 27 to June 12, 2016, with approximately 24,500 farms. Farmers were asked to report their seeded areas of grain, oilseeds and special crops. Data on acres seeded in June are subject to revision following subsequent surveys during the current crop year. Final data on acreages for 2016 will be released on December 6, 2016, and may be subject to revision for two years. Farm surveys collect data from Quebec, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta for every cycle of the survey. However, data are collected only twice a year (in the current June farm survey on seeded areas and in the November farm survey on final field crop production) for Newfoundland and Labrador, Prince Edward Island, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick and British Columbia, which represent between 2% and 4% of national totals. Release calendar: The dates for upcoming releases of stocks, areas and production of principal field crops are available online. In this release, percentage changes are calculated using unrounded data. Data for June 2016 are compared with final 2015 data.
Contact information
For more information, or to enquire about the concepts, methods or data quality of this release, contact us (toll-free 1-800-263-1136; 514-283-8300; STATCAN.infostats-infostats.STATCAN@canada.ca) or Media Relations (613-951-4636; STATCAN.mediahotline-ligneinfomedias.STATCAN@canada.ca).
It's now October and before anybody thinks about planning for Christmas there's Halloween at the end of the month. Naturally for this time of year developers get in on the festivities by releasing some scary videogames and virtual reality (VR) studios are no different, with A Chair in a Room: Greenwater creator Wolf & Wood Interactive due to release the first couple of chapters for The Exorcist: Legion VR.
Based around the infamous film of the same name created by horror maestro William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist: Legion VR is part investigation, part exorcism as players learn to learn the dangerous art of exorcising demons from their hosts.
Set over five chapters – two of which will launch simultaneously this month – each exorcism is based on a real case, with secrets to unlock, several trademark exorcism tools to find and use as well as hidden artifacts that can help your quest.
Wolf & Wood Interactive state that although each chapter will differ slightly on gameplay time on average they should take around 20-25 minutes to complete. There won't be long to wait for the following chapters either, with the third arriving in November, the fourth in December and the fifth and final one in January 2018.
The Exorcist: Legion VR will support Oculus Rift, HTC Vive and PlayStation VR.
VRFocus will continue its coverage of Wolf & Wood Interactive, reporting back with the latest updates.
For the last six weeks, Walter Reed National Military Medical Center has been engaged in a highly unusual effort to identify an individual who is H.I.V. positive but was wrongly informed that they or they were H.I.V. negative after a mix-up of blood samples taken at the hospital.
The mistake occurred in late October when the military's flagship hospital, in Bethesda, Md., sent 150 blood samples to a contract laboratory for analysis. One sample tested positive for H.I.V., hospital officials said, but it was wrongly labeled with the name of a patient who subsequent tests showed was not infected.
A hunt is now underway to identify the infected person, who may be in need of treatment and could be unknowingly infecting others through unprotected sex or the sharing of needles.
Hospitals are supposed to have strict safeguards to ensure the integrity of laboratory specimens because the consequences to patients are potentially life-threatening. Dr. William Schaffner, a professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University, said the episode raised questions about the adequacy of the hospital's procedures. “How sure are they that this didn't happen before?” they asked.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Thursday agreed to hear an expedited argument in a case challenging the state's congressional map, setting the stage for a potential decision on the constitutionality of the map ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
The League of Women Voters and nearly 20 Pennsylvania voters filed the lawsuit against the state in Commonwealth Court in June. They claim the state's Republican-drawn congressional map violates the state constitution's protections on freedom of expression and equal protection, because it deliberately dilutes the influence of Democratic voters in the political process. The Brennan Center for Justice has described the map as one of the most egregious examples of a political party drawing a map for its own benefit ― a process often called gerrymandering. In 2012, Republicans were able to win 13 of the state's 18 congressional seats, and were able to retain a similar share of seats in 2014 and 2016 even though the party's share of the statewide vote only went up by a few points.
The plaintiffs in the state want the court to block officials from using the plan in future elections and require the legislature to draw a new plan.
“We will leverage this expedited process to ensure the map is struck down and a new map that complies with the constitution is created in time for the 2018 election,” Mimi McKenzie, legal director of the Public Interest Law Center, one of the groups representing the plaintiffs, said in a statement.
The case is one of two redistricting lawsuits challenging Pennsylvania's congressional map. The other suit is moving through federal court.
Hello HN! Let me give you some background info: - I'm 29 years old, computer science graduate. - I founded two startups. First one failed after 4 years. The second one was acquired 3 months ago but do not take it as a success. We had to sold it to one of our competitors at a price of one tenth of the our series A valuation. Basically, things go bad so fast, it was our best option. I've left the company as a part of the deal. - In both of the companies I've founded, I had to wear too many hats. As a result, I have not excelled in any particular skill, rather I've gained medium level of experience in variety of skills from development to product design to finance. - As a result of the recent acquisition I've some money in my bank account which can cover my expenses for a year from now. - I was mentally exhausted, so I decided to keep things slow for a while and that's why I've not been doing anything for the last three months. - Doing nothing made things worse, since I'm constantly thinking about my future and I can not find anything that I want to do. - I've decided to apply for some jobs but I'm not sure which position I may fit in. - I'm feeling like a huge failure. What should I do with my life now? Has someone in here ever experienced something like this before? I'm open to any suggestions. Thanks! ps: posting this from a throwaway account for obvious reasons. I hope you don't mind.
"And even though the sky is blue, Hurricane Matthew is still with us." - .@PatMcCroryNC #ABC11 pic.twitter.com/JY2pusAV4g — DeJuan Hoggard (@DeJuanABC11) October 12, 2016
Evacuations in Moore County, Lumberton, Princeville, Kinston, Lenoir County, Vass and Goldsboro
A boil water advisory has been issued for Sanford, Lee County and parts of Wayne County.
A boil water advisory has been lifted for Spring Lake.
A boil water advisory has been lifted for Johnston County, with the following exceptions: Mulberry Road, Parkertown Road, Adams Road, 678-1723 Five Points Road, Shadowwood Road, Three Sisters Drive, 640-1535 Castleberry Road, Riverbend Drive and Point Lane
20 people in North Carolina have died.
3 parts of I-95 remain closed in Fayetteville/Lumberton area due to flooding, 1 part of I-40 near Benson also closed
Eastern towns could experience flooding throughout the week.
About 77,000 Duke Energy customers remain without power across the state
Federal disaster declaration received for 31 counties. Declaration also approved 10 counties for individual assistance.
Officials are assessing dam overtopping, breaches and failures throughout the state, particularly in Hoke, Moore, and Bladen counties.
EMBED >More News Videos Students remain on an extended fall break as flooding plagues Greenville.
EMBED >More News Videos Steve Daniels took an aerial view of the flooding from Matthew. This image is from Sampson County.
EMBED >More News Videos DeJuan Hoggard reports from hard-hit Robeson County.
EMBED >More News Videos Fairmont Town Manager Katrina Tatum briefs Gov. Pat McCrory on the dire situation in their town.
EMBED >More News Videos Before and after shots help explain the magnitude of flooding after Hurricane Matthew.
Getty Images
A year ago, the Vikings seemed ready to contend for a Super Bowl appearance. Now? Not.
The team's head coach understandably disagrees with external perceptions.
“Contrary to what everybody else believes, I still believe we're the 11-5 team that went into the '16 seasons,” Zimmer told Brian Murphy of the St. Paul Pioneer Press in an extended (and excellent) interview. “We've added more things offensively than we had. I think we're going to be a lot better offensively.”
As Murphy interjected at that point, the Vikings almost have to be better on offense; they can't be much worse.
“In the three years I've been here, we've been 27th in the league offensively,” Zimmer said. “If we can improve to 15th and score when we have the opportunities. . . . One of the things I always preach is don't beat yourself. Last year, we had so many pre-snap penalties that actually killed us. Trying to get that part fixed, I think we'll be better. I think the running game will improve with [left tackle Riley] Reiff and [right tackle Mike] Remmers and [center Pat] Eflein and our backs, now. This [rookie running back Dalvin] Cook looks like he's going to be pretty special.”
The term “pretty special” hasn't been applied much to the Vikings since their last Super Bowl appearance in 1976. The 1987 team shocked superior franchises from New Orleans and San Francisco in the postseason, and the 1998 team was one of the best of all time to not make it to the title game. Then there was the 2009 team, that outplayed — but didn't outscore — the Saints in the NFC championship game.
The best news for Zimmer is that the bar is low. But it's low for a reason, and it's up to Zimmer to ensure that the performance surpasses the justifiably low expectations for the team.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – In the latest development of their deal, Russian oil giant Rosneft and the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) have signed a contract to begin work on oil production blocks in the Region.“The parties agreed to implement the geological exploration program and to start pilot production as early as in 2018,” Rosneft announced in a statement on Wednesday.The company hopes to see full field development by 2021 of the five blocks that contain an estimated 670 million barrels of oil reserves. Rosneft will hold an 80 percent share.Details of the locations of the five blocks were not provided.The KRG has not immediately issued a statement on the new contract.The contract is part of an agreement that was finalized earlier this year in St. Petersburg.Rosneft said the new agreements allow the company entry into “one of the most promising regions of the developing global power market” and will provide for further investments in the Kurdistan Region.After signing another contract to extend a gas pipeline into Turkey just a week ahead of Kurdistan's independence referendum, a Rosneft spokesperson said they were confident the referendum would not affect their business ventures.
With Mobile World Congress 2011 well under way, Research In Motion has been showing off the BlackBerry PlayBook to Barcelona's many attendees and to say it has been well received is a bit of an understatement. The BlackBerry booth has had a constant flow of people to it. That said, some recent comments made by Nokia's Stephen Elop seemed to of have lit a fire under Co-Chief Executive Officer Research In Motion, Jim Balsillie.
In a recent interview Elop was noted as having stated "the smartphone ecosystem was now a three horse race between Windows, Android and Apple." Which prompted a response from Balsillie "I don't know how you can say that we are not in the race," Ballsillie backed up that statement by re-enforcing some Research In Motion facts such as the 70% growth they saw last year and their achievement of being the number one smartphone producer in the UK. Balsillie aslo refuted claims of RIM being solely Enterprised based by advising that 80% of BlackBerry subscribers are consumers. When Ballsilie was asked about people writing RIM off they responded "Are people writing us off? We have had huge growth in the last year. I wouldn't write us off".
No, Research In Motion may not be pushing out press release after press release announcing new devices from Barcelona but to say they are a complete write-off at this point is pretty out of the ballpark. With the BlackBerry PlayBook launch not that far off and the 2011 road map well outlined, one could agree with the analysts and say RIM is transitioning right now to put the in a better place further down the road. In any event, the company isn't going anywhere anytime soon and considering Elop had to look toward Microsoft to save the once number one Nokia from themselves, speaks volumes.
Source: BBC
Former U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has been taking to Twitter lately, offering the occasional criticism or sarcastic comment on President Donald Trump‘s administration. Trump famously fired Bharara earlier this year, after they had initially appeared to want Bharara to stay on during their administration. Early Tuesday morning Bharara used social media to troll POTUS' son, Donald Trump Jr.
The younger Trump posted a tweet last week over the holiday, using patriotism related to Independence Day to knock those on the left.
Out of curiosity, what exactly are Big Govt, opprressive taxation, anti 2A left wing socialists celebrating today? — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 4, 2017
They were implying, of course, that those with leftist ideals don't value American principles, so naturally they couldn't appreciate the Fourth of July. Well, Bharara threw it right back at him, albeit a week later.
Well, sadly, many today are now celebrating your apparent misdirection, duplicity, ignorance, arrogance, nonchalance, and comeuppance. https://t.co/zAed69PxYM — Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) July 11, 2017
This was a clear reference to the report that Trump Jr. had met with a Russian attorney during the campaign, supposedly in an effort to get dirt on Hillary Clinton. Now, Bharara seemed to say, those same leftists whom Trump derided are now taking joy in them getting caught.
This isn't the first time Bharara's trolled the Trumps. Just Sunday, after President Trump tweeted about how Vladimir Putin “vehemently denied” having anything to do with interference in the election, Bharara turned the sarcasm up to 11.
When pursuing a corrupt politician, mobster or murderer on strong FBI evidence, if they “vehemently denied it,” we just dropped it usually. https://t.co/d4HqyHQexB — Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) July 9, 2017
[Image via screengrab]
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The Leap Manifesto is a document that calls for a radical restructuring of the economy as Canada swiftly moves toward ending the use of fossil fuels. It was crafted by best-selling author Naomi Klein and their husband, documentary filmmaker Avi Lewis, and released last September in the midst of the federal election campaign.
During that campaign, NDP Leader Tom Mulcair touted their party as a moderate, pragmatic alternative to the Conservatives, promising to balance the federal budget, to hike no taxes other than a "slight and graduated" increase in the corporate tax rate, to sustainably develop Alberta's oil sands and to be open to free trade deals. That cautious agenda was soundly rejected on Oct. 19, with the NDP finishing a distant third.
As New Democrats gathered in Edmonton mull the future of the party and prepare to review Mulcair's leadership on Sunday, a joint resolution from the ridings of Toronto-Danforth and Vancouver East is calling for a future debate on the policies contained within in the manifesto.
Here's what the manifesto calls for:
-- Shift swiftly away from fossil fuels so that Canada gets 100 per cent of its electricity from renewable resources within 20 years and is entirely weaned off fossil fuels by 2050.
-- No new infrastructure projects aimed at increasing extraction of non-renewable resources, including pipelines.
-- "Energy democracy," in which energy sources are collectively controlled by communities instead of "profit-gouging" private companies.
-- An end to all trade deals "that interfere with our attempts to rebuild local economies, regulate corporations and stop damaging extractive projects."
-- Expand low-carbon sectors of the economy, such as caregiving, teaching, social work, the arts and public-interest media.
-- Vigorous debate on the idea of introducing a universal guaranteed minimum income.
-- Declare that "austerity -- which has systematically attacked low-carbon sectors like education and health care while starving public transit and forcing reckless energy privatizations -- is a fossilized form of thinking that has become a threat to life on earth."
-- Pay for it all by ending fossil fuel subsidies, imposing financial transaction taxes, increasing resource royalties, hiking taxes on corporations and the wealthy, introducing a progressive carbon tax, and cutting military spending.
Nyarlathotep a.k.a. "the Crawling Chaos" a.k.a. the shapeshifting horror of Lovecraftian lore is assuming their weirdest form yet. He'll be starring in the Japanese anime show Haiyore! Nyaruko-San as a super-cute girl who helps a high-schooler fight aliens. Hail Kawaiithu?
Nyarlathotep, who's generally portrayed as an insanity-inducing, thousand-faced Outer God, will be getting the Sailor Moon treatment as Nyaruko, a plucky silver-haired girl who helps a schoolboy fend off extraterrestrials. The show is based on Manta Aisora's illustrated novel series. I've never read them before, but I assume Cthulhu appears as a jovial puce hippopotamus and Azathoth the Blind Idiot God cameos as a giant singing candy bar.
Advertisement
Just for the record, here's how Nyarlathotep's true form tends to be depicted — a writhing, steaming pile of "I did not sign up for this."
[Anime Vice via Japanator. Bottom photo via Sota Toys.]
A controversial bill in Tennessee meant to restrict public school discussion of sexuality and LGBT issues is set to die without a vote after the key GOP sponsor announced on Monday that they simply wouldn't bring it up.
"With that assurance and the opposition of some people who didn't want to vote on it, I've decided simply not to bring it up," Republican sponsor state Rep. Joey Hensley said, according to the Knoxville News Sentinel.
"[N]o public elementary or middle school shall provide any instruction or material that discusses sexual orientation other than heterosexuality," it read.
Last year, a similar measure passed a state Senate vote, only to fail a final approval by the state House.
Missouri is also in the midst of fierce debate over broader "don't say gay" legislation that extends across public schools and into extracurricular activities.
While opposition to the measure appears to have coalesced, many of its supporters are high-profile state lawmakers.
Last month, co-sponsoring GOP state Rep. Dwight Scharnhorst enraged opponents when they compared homosexuality to bestiality while speaking in favor of the bill.
Kansas first-year student Anrio Adams has been granted a release to transfer to another school in what Jayhawks coach Bill Self characterized as an amicable parting of ways.
The talented swingman from Seattle's Rainier Beach High School played in 24 games last season, averaging 3.5 minutes and scoring just 27 points. But Adams generated more buzz away from the court, where they once used Twitter to express their frustration over a lack of playing time.
Adams was stuck deep on the depth chart this season behind senior guards Elijah Johnson and Travis Releford and redshirt first-year student Ben McLemore, a second-team All-American.
"Anrio is a very talented kid. We've enjoyed them being here," Self said Wednesday. "He was a good teammate, and I know frustration can set in when you don't play a lot, but they kept a good attitude and we should all support them in whatever decision they make."
The Seattle Times reported that Adams wrote Wednesday on Twitter that he's considering transfers to Arizona, Washington, Oregon or UCLA. The post has been deleted.
Adams showed why they were a highly sought recruit against Texas Tech in the Big 12 tournament, when they got on the floor with the game already out of hand. Adams was 4 of 5 from the field and finished with a season-high 11 points, all in the closing minutes.
"I've enjoyed every part of this year," Adams said. "I've definitely grown and matured from it. There were a lot of great moments and downfalls that made me better. I appreciated the team, the coaching staff and the fans a lot. This was an experience that I will probably never be able to see again. I'm happy I was able to play with this team and be part of something great."
The Jayhawks won a share of their ninth straight regular-season Big 12 title, rolled to the league tournament title and finished 31-6 after losing to Michigan in the regional semifinals.
Kansas could be forced to replace its entire starting lineup next year -- along with Johnson and Releford, Jeff Withey and Kevin Young were also seniors, and McLemore is widely expected to be a first-round pick if they declare early for the NBA draft.
The Jayhawks already have commitments from four guards: Brannen Greene, Wayne Selden and Connor Frankamp, all rated in the top 50 by Rivals.com, and Frank Mason, who is rated in the top 150. Seven-footer Joel Embiied, another top-50 recruit, has also committed to the Jayhawks, and they're in the running for 6-7 forward Andrew Wiggins, perhaps the top prep player in the country.
That influx of freshmen, particularly in the backcourt, would have created another roadblock for Adams, who has not indicated where they intend to transfer.
"I feel like going home and playing closer is better for me and my family," they said. "This was definitely a family decision and it was a decision I wanted to do."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
All life is only a set of pictures in the brain, among which there is no difference betwixt those born of real things and those born of inward dreamings, and no cause to value the one above the other.
–H.P. Lovecraft, "The Silver Key"
Your greatest fear has come to fruition. The maddening horrors you have witnessed and battled for so long have finally driven you to the asylum. How foolish you were to investigate the terrors accompanying The King in Yellow, but there can be no turning back from what awaits you. The Unspeakable Oath Mythos Pack for the Path to Carcosa cycle of Arkham Horror: The Card Game is now available at your local reatiler or online through our website!
Enter the Asylum
The Unspeakable Oath equips you with two copies each of twelve different player cards, including upgraded versions of familiar cards and entirely new cards that have never appeared in the Arkham Horror LCG before. You can play this scenario as part of the Path to Carcosa cycle or as its own standalone adventure. After all, you never know when a trip to the asylum may prove beneficial to your health.
After all the warnings, all the signs that you should have given up your investigation, terrors still burn within your mind in the aftermath of the cursed play, The King in Yellow. Even after the curtain fell, you pursued answers at the Arkham Historical Society and listened to the Echoes of the Past. All you have seen and the dark secrets you have learned have shredded your sanity, and now, you find yourself trapped in the madhouse. But you don't belong here, where the shrieks of the earthly damned echo down the asylum's twisted hallways, tormenting you with Doubt of your own sanity. You have to get out.
But first, you need answers. Clues about the mysterious play's origins and the effects of its latest performance are hidden within the confines of the asylum, but every path is blocked. Locked doors are nothing new to you in your investigations, but something is different here. You can almost feel the Walls Closing In (The Unspeakable Oath, 188). To make matters worse, your fellow patients do not seem particularly fond of you, and you find yourself terrorized by raving Lunatics who wander the halls of Arkham Asylum.
Madness Takes Its Toll
Beyond these tormented souls, you're all alone. Your fellow investigators cannot help you. They do not understand you. The Unspeakable Oath emphasizes this growing paranoia with the Hidden keyword, first introduced in the Path to Carcosa deluxe expansion. This keyword forces you to keep certain cards secret from the other investigators, isolating you in an environment where solitude is not desirable. When you stare into the void of existence, the void stares back.
As your stay in the Arkham Asylum progresses, you may see that perhaps it is time to surrender to the horrors of what you have experienced. You may become one with your fellow inmates if you receive the Gift of Madness (The Unspeakable Oath, 187). This newfound bond with the asylum's inhabitants, which of course you cannot reveal to your companions, prevents you from attacking any of the misunderstood Lunatics. The only way to rid yourself of this gift is to choose a set-aside Monster and add it to the bottom of the act deck—to what purpose, you can only guess at.
If you cannot trust those who entered the asylum alongside you, perhaps you can place your faith in the new allies that arrive in the form of Patrons. The unscrupulous investor Dario El-Amin (The Unspeakable Oath, 151) is always willing to offer aid, at least to their most affluent allies. While you have ten or more resources, Dario El-Amin offers a bonus to both your willpower and intellect. Additionally, you may benefit from the help of Charles Ross Esq. (The Unspeakable Oath, 149), a master of acquisitions and solicitation. The skills demanded by their position can help you get a fair deal with your purchases—and they can support any investigator at your location, not just you. By acting as a go-between, this ally lets you spend resources to help pay for the Items played by other investigators at your location. Only by sharing your information, resources, and strength will you be able to reclaim your freedom.
The Horror of Reality
It was always going to come to this. Find your way through the twisted halls of Arkham Asylum and complete the investigation before your sanity shatters and your only comfort is the warm embrace of a straitjacket.
Several thousand officials from 194 countries just gathered in CancÃºn, Mexico, for yet another global climate summit. Dissatisfied with the pace of climate diplomacy, many individuals are now wondering what they can do about climate change on their own.
!ADVERTISEMENT!
For years now, climate activists from Al Gore to Leonardo DiCaprio have argued that individual actions like driving more economical cars and using more efficient light bulbs are a crucial element in the effort to address global warming. The United Nations' climate panel and the International Energy Agency both echo this sentiment, insisting that higher energy efficiency could reduce energy consumption by up to 30 percentâ€”making improved efficiency an effective remedy for climate change. But is this really true?
Here's something to think about. Back in the early 1970s, the average American expended roughly 70 million British thermal units per year to heat, cool, and power their or their home. Since then, of course, we have made great strides in energy efficiency. As the Washington Post recently reported, dishwashers now use 45 percent less power than they did two decades ago, and refrigerators 51 percent less. So how much energy do Americans use in their homes today? On a per capita basis, the figure is roughly what it was 40 years ago: 70 million BTUs.
This surprising lack of change is the result of something economists call the "rebound effect." It's a phenomenon familiar to urban planners, who long ago discovered that building more roads doesn't ease traffic jamsâ€”it merely encourages more people to get in their cars and drive.
The underlying principle is a decidedly counterintuitive fact of life. You might think that learning to use something more efficiently will result in your using less of it, but the opposite is true: the more efficient we get at using something, the more of it we are likely to use. Efficiency doesn't reduce consumption; it increases it.
Article continues: http://www.policyinnovations.org/ideas/commentary/data/000205
Hey Newgrounds!
-800 Miles Out-
Niri- ATheatricalSongBird
Albert- DoMiNoVoX
Captain Hero- Shock-Dingo
Female Student- ATheatricalSongBird
Zach- OPEN AUDITIONS ( Send me an audition now! )
Teacher- OPEN AUDITIONS ( Send me an audition now! )
* News Reporter - OPEN AUDITIONS ( Send me an audition now! )
You can zip your .mp3 auditions together and upload to your Newgrounds Dump, then PM me the link.
or Email- pdempsey42@gmail.com
---------------------------------------------------Auditions Close DECEMBER 16TH-----------------------------------------
Character Info!
Zach (Male Role)- Class clown, likely to be working in fast food after high school. Clearly doesn't know the answer to whatever the teacher asked. Doesn't even know what the teacher asked, Words? words are hard, what are they? Huh???
Teacher (Male Role)- Think of your Ideal teacher; always prepared for class, has great inspiring speaches, knows their students names, understands how to teach, treats their students with respect. This Teacher has NONE of these qualities, in fact I'm surprised the teacher came to teach class today. They clearly have a hang over and looks like they haven't bathed in a day or so. Reguardless of being a astounding failure of a teacher, they have a bit of a charm to him. He's a younger teacher, roughly 28 years old, after class he's going to hook up with one of the student's Mom, and never call them again.
Images
Teacher Voice References ( I know these are both Japanese, but I like that deep but slight raspy voice like the actors use in the following clips )
Clip 1 ( Bro warning, anime dude starts to undress)
Clip 2 (Pallet Clenser + Total Badass)
Reporter (Male and Female) [ I want to have a few reporters in the final part saying "Captain Hero, Captain Hero!"]
Reporters never change, just your typical News Anchor voice.
Audition Lines:
Zach: *gasps* (does not want to go up to the board)
Teacher: Come on Zach lets go, nothing to be afraid of yah spaz.
Suddenly a Robot bursts through the window and stands among the class!
Teacher: “Oh come on!”
Zach: “yes!” (Small celebratory fist pump to self)
----
Zach:"You're the teacher, shouldn't you know that?"
Reporter: "Captain Hero! Captain Hero! Where do you find the courage to keep fighting evil?"
Captain Hero:"HA HA HA! Here *points to reporters heart* -ooOOOo- I must be off, Love and Kindness await!
Reporter:*sniffles, tears in eyes* "Thank you Captain Hero*
Aaaaaaaaannnnnd here's a drawing of Niri
For the Miami Marlins, the theme of the offseason heading into the 2014 season is improve the roster while spending as little as possible. Within the last few weeks, the organization has added veterans such as Garrett Jones and Rafael Furcal, both "low risk, high reward" type signings.
On Friday, Joe Frisaro of MLB.com reported that the Marlins signed former Mets outfielder Jordany Valdespin to a minor league contract, without an invitation to Spring Training.
Hearing Jordany Valdespin getting a Minor League deal, but it does not include Spring Training invite #Marlins Must earn way on team — Joe Frisaro (@JoeFrisaro) December 20, 2013
As Frisaro noted, because of the lack of a Spring invite, Valdespin must show the team that they have changed. The outfielder was not liked in the Mets clubhouse and as a result, the 25-year old was non-tendered by New York.
Valdespin is expected to open the season at Triple-A New Orleans, and if they thrive, could lead to a possible major league promotion.  They are a career .219 hitter with 12 home runs and 42 RBIs in 160 games, and was more efficient in their first year in the league, posting a .241 average to complement eight home runs and 26 RBIs.
The fact that Valdespin didn't get an invite to Spring Training isn't surprising. The Marlins will likely break camp with Christian Yelich, Marcell Ozuna (or possibly Jake Marisnick), and Giancarlo Stanton as their starting outfielders. Brian Bogusevic, acquired from the Cubs for Justin Ruggiano, has a chance to make the squad as a fourth outfielder.
Valdespin served a 50 game suspension last season for their role in the Biogenesis scandal, and the Mets refused to bring them back at the league minimum. Newsday noted that Valdespin also consistently frustrated their teammates.
A polarizing figure in Queens, Valdespin seemed to infuriate their teammates as much as the opposition, and ultimately the Mets figured they were more trouble than their raw ability was worth. When Valdespin threw a clubhouse tantrum in front of general manager Sandy Alderson after being notified of their demotion in early July, the team's patience was near its end. The last straw came a month later when Valdespin received a 50-game suspension for their alleged involvement with Biogenesis, the Miami-based clinic accused of distributing performance-enhancing drugs.
Valdespin also caused a minor conflict last offseason when they posted a picture of themselves in a Miami Marlins hat.
It's fitting that Valdespin will sign with New York's division rivals. Last offseason, the left-handed hitter posted pictures of themselves wearing a Marlins hat while still on the Mets. Predictably, the photos were not received well by many Mets fans. Mets' General Manager Sandy Alderson even admitted to WFAN's Mike Francesa, "I'm not telling you he's the most popular guy in the clubhouse. That would be misleading."
Valdespin could have a great run at Triple-A and eventually become a candidate to be called up. For a team that was looking to add proven and experienced leaders to its clubhouse, signing Valdespin, even to a minor league contract is questionable given the squad's outfield depth.
Hello Lightseekers!
Only 17 days to go and we have two big items to share with you. First, many of you have asked us to offer flight packs as an add-on - so here you go! Just add $10 to your pledge (or $20 for two) and you can take flight!
In addition, thanks to all of your outstanding support, we've surpassed 1,000 backers unlocking our first community goal. That means you've unlocked a valuable extra reward - you get to decide the next area of the game that will be revealed!
More info to come tomorrow!
Thanks again for everything. Please spread the word!
- The Lightseekers Team
Check out these great campaigns that are helping us reach our goals along our Kickstarter journey!
MeCam NEO: the Smarter Lifestyle Camera
Life Moves Fast. Capture Every Moment! With the world's smallest, lightest and most versatile wearable video camera : MeCam NEO! CLICK HERE
__________________________________________________________________________
FUTO - The World's Most Ultimate Air Mattress
The last air mattress you will ever need! 20 sec to inflate, comfortable, durable, colorful and easy to carry. Take a rest. Anywhere! CLICK HERE
___________________________________________________________________________
LVL – The First Wearable Hydration Monitor
LVL is a wearable hydration monitor that gives you the complete picture of your health by also tracking activity, sleep, mood and HR! CLICK HERE
____________________________________________________________________________
Get Weight off your Shoulder w/ C-REST
10 minutes! Relieve Stress in Neck & Shoulder. C-REST is comfortable personal massager. Portable, so you can rest anywhere! CLICK HERE
True "dive bars'' wear that tag proudly. "Dive'' isn't, or shouldn't be, disparaging.
There are scores of dive bars around the state, places that are a little frayed around the edges, dimly-lit and so out of fashion. No frills, no fashion, no fakery and seriously outdated furniture, if at all. You know the kind of place.
You can vote once in each category every day. Deadline for voting is 3 p.m. this Sunday, the 25th.
And make sure you vote in our other five categories:
Neighborhood bars
Sports bars
Craft beer bars
Wine/Whiskey/martini bars
Hotel or restaurant bars
The top five vote-getters in each category, plus my personal selections (which will include bars not in the polls), will comprise the 60 bars to be visited starting next week. Then the real fun -- stories, photos and videos -- begins.
If you don't see a bar in the poll, or you think a bar finishing out of the top five needs some extra love, make sure you comment below.
And while you're deciding on your vote, check out the gallery of late great bars. If you have any favorite since-closed bars, let me know. If you have photos of them, post them here or e-mail them to @pgenovese@njadvancemedia.com.
And for a good laugh, take a look at my collection of funny bar signs around New Jersey.
Peter Genovese may be reached at pgenovese@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter at @PeteGenovese or via The Munchmobile @NJ_Munchmobile. Find the Munchmobile on Facebook and on Instagram.
855 ex-soldiers quizzed over Troubles deaths in 'politically-driven witch-hunt' BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Hundreds of ex-soldiers who served in Northern Ireland have found themselves under the spotlight in what has been branded a politically-driven witch-hunt. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/855-exsoldiers-quizzed-over-troubles-deaths-in-politicallydriven-witchhunt-34900621.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article25639338.ece/2982f/AUTOCROP/h342/te
Email
Hundreds of ex-soldiers who served in Northern Ireland have found themselves under the spotlight in what has been branded a politically-driven witch-hunt.
Almost 1,000 letters sent to former troops have questioned what they know about dozens of disputed Troubles-era deaths.
They include the case of an IRA man shot while acting as a lookout for a republican bomb team.
In some cases soldiers were left shocked after letters unexpectedly dropped on their doorsteps decades later.
The Belfast Telegraph has learned that at least 855 former troops have been contacted since 2013.
Earlier this week the Belfast Telegraph reported how two former paratroopers face prosecution over the death of Official IRA man Joe McCann.
Peter Barden, a solicitor acting for the soldiers, said there was huge anger at the way troops were being pursued.
"I have met over 100 of these former soldiers and they regard this as a political witch-hunt," they told the Belfast Telegraph.
"Any society cannot expect the security forces to protect it and then seek to trawl over the split-second decisions made honestly by those charged with responsibility years later."
Mr Barden added: "Soldiers aged 17 to 20 were the main combatants and they fired in split-second decisions, and to seek to review those in a court over 40 years later is not fair or just."
At least 855 letters have been sent to former soldiers since 2013.
The total will be higher because the Ministry of Defence did not disclose figures for cases where the number of letters sent was less than 10.
This is the case in 18 of the incidents.
The details were released by the MoD after Freedom of Information request.
The response states the letters were sent in relation to "inquests, ongoing criminal inquiries, and investigations".
A total of 368 relate to the deaths of 14 civilians on Bloody Sunday. Thirteen people were shot dead when paratroopers opened fire on a civil rights march in Londonderry in January 1972. The 14th died later.
In June 2010 Prime Minister David Cameron issued a formal apology for the "unjustified and unjustifiable" killings.
A further 153 letters seek information on the Ballymurphy shootings in August 1971.
Ten people were killed over three days following the introduction of internment in what the bereaved families refer to as the Ballymurphy Massacre.
An 11th person died of a heart attack after a confrontation involving a soldier.
In some cases the letters seek information on the deaths of IRA men.
These include Daniel McAreavey. The 21-year-old was shot during a bomb attack on an Army observation post in the lower Falls area of Belfast in October 1972. They were said to have been providing cover for an IRA bomb team.
In another case soldiers received letters questioning their role in the deaths of Colm McGirr and Brian Campbell.
The pair were killed by undercover Army members while walking across a field towards an arms cache near Coalisland in 1983.
A small number of letters related to the deaths of soldiers.
One set of correspondence focuses on the death of UDA leader Ray Smallwoods, shot by the IRA in 1994.
Comparisons have been drawn with the case of suspected Hyde Park bomber John Downey. Downey escaped prosecution for the 1982 attack in which four soldiers died after being given a letter stating they were immune from prosecution. They have always denied involvement in the attack.
DUP MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said there seemed to be a one-sided approach to justice.
"We are concerned that there appears to be an increasing focus on what the State did rather than the actions that were carried out by terrorists," they said.
"This is despite the fact that 90% of deaths in Northern Ireland were caused by terrorists.
"This is why I feel it is important that a new Historical Investigations Unit is up and running as soon as possible. It is vital that innocent victims and their families, including soldiers and police officers, receive justice and we will be pressing the Northern Ireland Secretary of State to introduce the legislation that will help to support those innocent victims, as we move ahead to establish a Historical Investigations Unit.
"I fully support the armed forces and believe it is totally wrong that they have been targeted in this way with such letters, when on the other hand those who carried out terrorist activity were given comfort letters."
The Ministry of Defence did not respond to requests for comment.
Revealed: number of letters sent
Ballymurphy: 153
Daniel Barrett: *
James Bell: *
Bloody Sunday: 368
John Boyle: *
Seamus Bradley: 73
Marion Brown: *
Leon Bushe: *
Daniel Carson: *
Joseph Corr and John Laverty: *
Geoffrey Curtis: 12
Manus Deery: *
Paul Duffy: *
Stephen Duffy: *
Kevin Heatley: *
Frederick Jackson: *
Daniel McAreavey: *
Stephen McConomy: 10
Colm McGirr and Brian Campbell: *
Francis McKeown: 10
John Moran: *
Leo Norney: 24
Joseph Parker: 39
Nicholas Malakos; Anthony Rapley; Daniel Holland: *
Keith Richards, Alan Ayrton, William Beck and Simon Evans: *
Ray Smallwoods: *
Springhill: 22
Bernard Watt: 89
Unaccounted/others: 55
* Number of letters sent was under 10 and exact total not disclosed
Belfast Telegraph
Iraq eyes recapture of east Mosul within days
Baghdad : Iraqi forces will retake east Mosul from the jihadists within days, a top commander said Monday, after their fighters in the city reached the Tigris River for the first time.
Baghdad's forces have retaken a series of areas in eastern Mosul since launching an operation to recapture the city from the Islamic State group on October 17, but the west remains under IS control.
East Mosul will be retaken within "a few days, God willing," Staff Lieutenant General Abdulghani al-Assadi, a top commander in Iraq's elite Counter-Terrorism Service, told AFP.
Assadi's remarks came a day after officials said Iraqi forces in Mosul had reached the eastern side of a bridge across the Tigris River, which divides the city, for the first time during the operation.
Assadi said that "the bridge fell tactically," though Iraqi forces were still some 150 metres (yards) away.
The general also said that "our units... are close to encircling Mosul University," whose sprawling campus is located east of the Tigris.
IS overran Mosul and swathes of other territory north and west of Baghdad in 2014, sweeping aside security forces that were ill-prepared to face the assault.
Tens of thousands of Iraqi forces launched an offensive on October 17 to retake Mosul, the last major urban centre in Iraq still controlled by the group that seized around a third of the country in 2014.
Several areas around the city, Iraq's second largest, were swiftly reconquered, but the elite forces that pushed into the streets of Mosul itself have faced stiffer than expected resistance.
In late December, the federal advance inside the city had slowed to a crawl but a fresh coordination effort between CTS and other forces gave fresh impetus to the operation.
2MRS is now finished and public!
The Infrared Local Universe: this all-sky map shows galaxies in the 2MASS survey color coded by their distance from us with blue showing the nearest sources, through green to the most distant sources shown in red. Read more about this image here.
The final survey is 97.6% complete to a limiting magnitude of K=11.75 over 91% of the sky, and contains almost 45,000 galaxies.A page of images of the final survey can be found here You can download the data from SAO/TDC
Take a tour through the 2MRS data: Quicktime movie
See the redshift layers being added: Quicktime movie
Goals of the 2MASS Redshift Survey
The 2MASS Redshift Survey (2MRS) aims to map the distribution of galaxies and dark matter in the local universe, out to a mean redshift of z = 0.03 (roughly equivalent to 115 Mpc or 370 million light-years).
2MRS is based on galaxy selection in the near infra-red from the Two Micron All-Sky Survey (2MASS). 2MASS has now mapped all of the sky in the near infra-red J, H and K-bands. This photometric survey is complete and fully available to the public (IRSA). The 2MASS extended source catalog (XSC) includes roughly half a million galaxies to a limiting K magnitude of K=13.5 mag.
2MRS ultimately aims to determine the redshifts of all galaxies in the XSC to a magnitude of K=12.2 mag (about 100,000 galaxies) and to within 5 deg of the Galactic plane. The second phase of 2MRS is now complete, providing an all-sky survey of 45,000 galaxies with redshifts to a limiting magnitude of K=11.75 mag.
2MRS is the densest sampled all-sky redshift survey to date and its selection in the near infra-red reduces the impact of the zone of avoidance (where the plane of our own Galaxy obscures extragalactic objects).
2MRS provides complementary redshift information to deeper surveys like SDSS and the 2dFRGS which cover much smaller fractions of the sky. It improves on the IRAS redshift survey IRAS PSCz which was not able to distinguish galaxies in regions of high density (ie. clusters). Survey Strategy
In the Southern hemisphere, many 2MASS galaxies were observed as part of the 6dFRGS which used the 6dF multi-fiber spectrograph on the 1.2m UK Schmidt in Siding Springs, Australia to map 150,000 2MASS galaxies in the Southern sky to a magnitude limit of K=12.75 mag and to within 10 deg of the Galactic plane. This survey is deeper than the stated goal of 2MRS, but also has a higher Galactic latitude limit. Southern hemisphere galaxies not observed by 6dFGS were added to 2MRS from observations at CTIO.
In the Northern hemisphere the 2MRS builds on a strong tradition of redshift surveys at the CfA: the CfA redshift survey and ZCAT. In the absence of a northern hemisphere equivalent to the 6dF, new redshift observations were done galaxy by galaxy using the 1.2m telescope at the Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory on Mt. Hopkins, AZ. The average density of galaxies at the magnitudes 2MRS is observing is about 1 per degree so without a wide-field multi-object spectrograph in the Northern hemisphere this remains the most efficient way to get new redshifts. Survey Status
The K=11.75 mag 2MRS is now complete and has been made public through SAO/TDC. This phase of the survey contains ~44,500 galaxies. Highlights of Results
1. The 2MRS Dipole
The acceleration on the Local Group from 2MRS galaxies has been calculated by Erdogdu etal. 2006a. The dipole estimate seems to converge to the CMB result within 60 Mpc/h, suggesting that the bulk of the LGs motion comes from structures within that distance.
2. Clustering
A friend of friends algorithm has been used to identify groups and clusters in the complete 11.25mag limited 2MRS. The high source density of 2MRS means that many new groups and clusters have been identified. This work is published in Crook etal. 2007.
3. The Local Density Field
Density and velocity fields have been calculated by Erdogdu etal 2006b for the K=11.25mag limited 2MRS (23,200 galaxies) using a method which expands the fields in Fourier-Bessel functions, and uses a Wiener filter to supress shot noise errors. All major local superclusters and voids are successfully identified, and backside infall onto the "Great Attractor" region (at 50 Mpc/h) is detected.
The Royal Astronomical Society released a press release on this work.
4. Galaxy correlation Functions
For their thesis project at Harvard, Mike Westover worked on the correlation functions of galaxies in 2MRS. Because the NIR traces stellar mass directly, and is not affected by recent star formation, this correlation will measure a fundamentally different thing than previous published versions using optical surveys (Westover 2007, PhD Thesis, Harvard University). Related Projects
A 2MASS Peculiar Velocity Survey
The peculiar velocities of galaxies provide a powerful tool to map the distribution of mass in the universe independent of whether or not it emits light. We plan to use the luminosity-rotation velocity (or Tully-Fisher) relation to measure redshift independent distances (and therefore peculiar velocities) for roughly 6000 of the most edge-on spiral galaxies in the Ks=11.25mag limited 2MRS. Published rotation velocities are available for roughly half of this sample and in the past few years we have observed close to 1000 galaxies at the Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia, completing the sample North of DEC=38 deg, and down from the celestial equator to DEC=-45 deg. The ALFALFA survey at Arecibo will observe all HI rich systems in the high Galactic latitude sky between DEC=0-38 deg. We have also carried out observations at the Parkes Radio Telescope in Australia to fill in objects south of DEC=-45 deg. The NIR Tully-Fisher template was published by Masters et al. (2008).
This work has been supported by the National Science Foundation (under award ASR0406906) and by contributions from various organizations and universities including Harvard, NOAO, University College London, and NASA/IPAC. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
CLOSE Peak season for snakebites in Arizona is July through September, official says.
The peak season for snakebites is July through September, and the weather in Quartzsite lately has been ideal, according to Lovecchio. (Photo: Banner Good Samaritan)
Frank E. Anner, 91, encountered a rattlesnake in an unlikely place Wednesday while on a trip for groceries in Quartzsite.
"I opened the door and got bit when I walked in," Anner said Thursday from their hospital room in Phoenix. "I didn't see it, but I felt it."
The rattlesnake responsible for the bite was an adult western diamondback, a common inhabitant of Arizona, said Frank Lovecchio, medical toxicologist at Banner Good Samaritan Poison Drug and Information Center.
The peak season for snakebites is July through September, and the weather in Quartzsite lately has been ideal, according to Lovecchio.
"Snakes like to come out when the temperatures are hot at night and the moisture is high," they said.
Anner said the one inside the grocery store had a friend — someone found a second snake outside the building.
After the incident, Anner was flown to the Banner Good Samaritan Hospital and Medical Center, where they're undergoing treatment for the bite just above their ankle.
Hospital officials say Anner has responded well to treatment and is in relatively good health. Typically, physicians run into problems when an individual is very old or very young.
Graph (Photo: NCES)
"One in fifteen who get envenomated might lose function of the limb or the actual limb," Lovecchio said. "Twenty percent of the time, the bite is considered a dry bite, where no venom enters the victim. Death from a rattlesnake bite is very rare."
Arizonans should keep their eyes open and stay away from any rattlesnake they see, Lovecchio said. A rattlesnake can generally strike its body length, so keeping a good distance away from it is key. Anyone bitten by a snake should seek immediate medical attention, they added.
"Keep your eyes on the ground and keep alert, because you never know where they are," Anner said.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1rYIJb9
Yes, it's official. I've been bitten by the arcade bug. It's a pretty serious case, too. My recent mini-excursion to the fan arcade at MAGFest has definitely planted the seed of evil. But now…. what to do about it?
Ever since I was a young geek, I've dreamed of owning my own arcade machine. Back in the land of 1985—when you couldn't turn on the radio without hearing a Wham! or Tears for Fears song—I could barely see the screens on most arcade cabinets. It wasn't because of my age. It was mostly because of my size. I was consistently one of the shortest in my age range up until about my sophomore year in high school. But 1985 is probably when I was able to play my first upright cabinet arcade game. Until then, I could only play Pole Position if my older, 9-year-old sister would let me sit on their lap to reach the gas pedal and steering wheel at the same time. But back then arcades were hot. The quality of games in the arcades was double or even triple that of what you'd experience at home on your atari 2600 or if you were lucky enough to be an early adopter, your NES.
Throughout our entire childhood, whenever my brother and I heard we would be going to the mall, we'd get excited. Like any other kid, we dreaded at the possibility that my mother was about to take us back-to-school shopping and we'd be forced to try on pair after a pair of pants. But we knew there was a slim chance that we might be granted freedom to sneak away into the dark corners of the Spaceport—the name of the local arcade—and waste a few precious dollars playing some truly amazing video games like N.A.R.C., Aliens, Contra, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Street Fighter II, Zaxxon, Popeye, Altered Beast, Double Dragon, and Elevator Action. The pros definitely outweighed the cons. That's actually a lesson my wife learned about me fairly quickly: the memory of shopping trips, no matter how dreadful, can almost always be washed away by some quality gaming time.
As time went by, the graphical capabilities on home consoles caught up with what was available in the arcades. People found fewer and fewer reasons to visit arcades as developers were dumping more and more money into the home console line-up. And now, sadly arcades are almost extinct, with a few decent ones scattered around the U.S. in bowling alleys and movie theater waiting areas. And most of the games you find in them are either broken, or just plain suck.
But all this time my desire for my very own arcade machine has never been sated. It has been quieted for a while, but now it has reawakened inside the elder geek that I am. So what am I going to do?
I'm officially starting my quest to make my own MAME arcade machine.
I've already run the idea by The Bear (my wife) and she's ok with the idea. Right now they are. I'll see again when it comes time for me to start hauling lumber through our living room. We're both in agreement that this isn't going to happen overnight for a variety of reasons. First of all, it's hellishly expensive. Secondly, I haven't quite figured out where the hell I'd put it. And finally, when I do it, I'm going to do it as cheaply as I can, make it look the best I can, and customize it the best I can. As a friend said to me earlier today, “if you're going to get weird with it, get weird with it.” So…. yea…. I'm gonna get weird with it. I already have an old laptop I'm willing to give to the cause, and I'm hoping to toss a 360 in there too. Maybe some LED back-lit buttons and joysticks. Who knows?
It's a huge undertaking. I know. And that's why I'm going to do my best to take my time with it so I don't blow a fortune or make something I'll regret. The stability of the project is tenuous at best.
And to be honest, I haven't mapped out my plan of attack yet, either. Personally, I'm not a terrible carpenter, but I don't have a workspace, so creating my own cabinet from scratch might be out of the question. Some pre-fabricated cabinets look pretty great, but they can get pricey. Or do I want to take an older cabinet from some crappy game no one has ever heard of, sand it down, and refinish it? Do I want it to look semi-classy so I don't embarrass my wife (Lord knows I'll never be embarrassed by it) or do I want to go gaudy, authentic and yellow like the old Pac-Man machines or that weird shade of blue of the old Donkey Kong machines?
I'm still weighing the pros and cons of using an LCD screen installing an older CRT screen. LCD screen will look fantastic on newer games. It'll be cheaper and lighter, but a lot of the older games will look like crap in emulation. I could also probably sneak off with a less bulky upright arcade cabinet if I go the LCD route. CRT screens will have everything looking pretty, except the absolutely the newest titles, but they're heavy as all hell. They're getting more and more expensive as times goes by. Plus, they can literally kill you with the voltage those suckers crank out.
Then it comes to wiring. Again, I'm not terrible with electricity, but I've never wired my own joystick before. How tough could this all get? I'm sure the answer is “surprisingly tough, Randy.”
So, I've been doing a lot of reading and a lot of watching other people build their own machines. I thought this would be a great place to share the resources I found with all of you in case you decide to start this same undertaking that I am about to go through. If I come across any other great finds, I'll be sure to drop them in a future editor's note.
MAME (Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator)
MAMEWAH (customizable multiple emulator made for cabinet set ups)
Maximum PC's “How to Build a Kick-Ass MAME Arcade Cabinet from an Old PC”
Systm's four-part video series “The Month of MAME.”
The Story of the Cabinet Built in 24 Hours
When MAME cabinets go bad (inspiration to not suck)
So there you have it. I'm officially going to try. Any of you Elder-Geeks pull this off before? Any tips anyone would like to share? If you or your uncle's cousin's cousin has some gear they'd like to donate to the cause, drop me an email and let me know. If the project starts to violently veer off path and my product starts looking like an abomination tossed aside by God, do you think you'll hear from me about this again? Fuck no! I'll pretend this posting never happened!
For now, I have to get back to being an editor. Later.
Randy
Over the years, I've asked various people at Microsoft about how Bill Gates thinks.
I've asked people from their speechwriters to people that have survived their executive reviews, where Bill is known for their grueling interrogations.
I was always curious how somebody of that caliber flexed their mind and used their skills to slice and dice problems.
Bill Gates Thinks Differently
Bill Gates sees and thinks differently than most people do. They have an amazing ability to find the flaws, or see opportunities, or connect the dots.
They can zoom in to details with precision or zoom out to the big picture.
They can flip back in time or fast forward to the future. They also have the ability to focus on the merits of the idea or innovation before worrying about the business case.
Use Bill Gates' Thinking Skills to Gain Advantage
Chances are, you could benefit from Bill's thinking skills, even if it simply means getting a new perspective on your problems. Whether you're trying to change the world, or you want to unleash your best, it doesn't hurt to be able to leverage the thought patterns of a billionaire and one of the world's most influential philanthropists.
10 Ways to Think Like Bill Gates
While I don't think Bill will lend you their brain, you can do the next best thing. You can take some of this thought patterns and practices for a test-drive. Here are ten patterns to get you started:
1. Prioritize.
“What's the next best thing you should be thinking about?” It starts here. Time is your most limited and precious resource. This is about asking whether the problem is even worth your time. Before you throw cycles at it, figure out whether it's worth it. Is it significant? How much time should you spend on it? For an example of how Bill Gates figures out how to prioritize, check out the following video: Bill Gates on Mosquitoes, Malaria, and Education.
2. Ask smarter questions.
If you want better answers, ask better questions. Rather than getting stuck in one line of questioning, such as "what's wrong with this?" or "what's right with this?", you can explore your thinking more deeply, by asking a range of questions. One of the skills we learn at Microsoft is Precision Questions / Precision Answers. In this approach, there are 7 categories of precise questions: 1) Go / NoGo - Do we need to talk about this? 2) Clarification – What do you mean? 3) Assumptions – What are we assuming? 4) Basic Critical Question – How do we know this is true? 5) Causes – What's causing this? 6) Effects – What will be the effects? 7) Action – What should be done?
3. Make data-driven decisions.
This is one of the toughest switches to make. By default, most people make emotional decisions and then find data to support the decision. This means asking questions like, “what does the data say?” This means getting informed, before you make your decision. This means evaluating the sources of data. It's an extreme exercise in emotional intelligence to pause your emotional response, while you check your logic and critical thinking.
4. Divorce your ego.
This is where you separate yourself from the problem. This is also about separating yourself from the solution. Instead, you hold the problem or solution out in your hands and inspect it from different angles. Rather than focus on whether you're right, it's about whether the solution is right. It's about being able to beat up the thinking, without taking it personally.
5. Frame the problem.
Framing a problem is simply how you look at a problem, just like how you frame a picture. It's about choosing what to focus on, what's in and what's out. When you frame the problem, you bound it. Framing also helps you get a better perspective on the problem, as well as share the problem more effectively with others. Some questions to help frame a problem include: Who's the customer? What are their needs and priorities? What's happening in the market? What are competitors doing? What are our options for responding? How do we differentiate? How is technology changing and what possibilities do it offer our customers? What are the priorities for our business?
6. Get perspectives on the problem.
This means being able to switch your perspectives. Rather than see the glass half-full or the glass half-empty, you should see both. Challenge yourself to switch back and forth from finding flaws to finding opportunities. If you only know how to play the Devil's advocate, you have a limited view. Like a multi-faceted diamond, you should be able to look at the problem from different angles. This also means being able to broker in experts and get other people's perspective on the problem. Problem-solving is a team sport. It's also about leveraging smart people without domain expertise. For example, you can take a dev manager in consumer devices and have him/her move into the enterprise or business applications.
7. Model the problem.
By abstracting the problem into a model, you can think about it in simpler ways, without being bogged down by the implementation details. One of Bill Gate's favorite tools is their whiteboard. A whiteboard makes it easy to sketch out ideas and visualize them. A whiteboard can help whether you're trying to map out the problem or draw a solution. Keep in mind that George Box taught us that, “all models are wrong, but some are useful.”
8. Think of the system and the ecosystem.
Bill Gates has an engineering mind. They can see the problem as a system. You can map out the system by asking yourself questions along the line of, what are the bits and pieces? … How does it work? … How do the bits and pieces work together? … what's the flow through the system? … what are the inputs and outputs? After you have a handle on the system, you can ask yourself about the ecosystem or the system of systems.
9. Think of the problem over time.
It's easy to look at the problem and just see it as a static snapshot. The challenge is playing out the problem or your solution over time. Time can dramatically change what it looks like. Consider the impact of trends. Consider sustainability. Some things that look good only temporary, and really break down when you apply time to them. Sometimes time is on your side. You might find that there may be better windows of opportunity.
10. Think strategically.
Strategy guides your actions. You can think strategically along different lines. Consider the core of what you do (mission, vision, values, and goals.) Consider internal analysis (strengths and weaknesses, resources and capabilities, and benchmarking.) Consider external analysis (competitive analysis, opportunities and threats, and industry conditions.) Consider the organization design (structure, controls and incentives, culture and people.) Consider execution (roles, responsibilities, resources, action plans, measurement, and accountability.) Consider functional strategies (marketing and sales, operations, human resources, and R&D.) Consider strategic choices (corporate strategy and business strategy.)
Check Your Thinking Against Bill Gates
If these thought patterns and practices don't stand out as different or extraordinary, contrast them with some common default patterns:
less focus on emotional intelligence and more driven by emotional reaction
more likely to start thinking about a problem before asking which ones
more likely to ask a limited range of questions, from one specific angle or perspective (such as Devil's advocate)
more likely to get lost in the details of the problem rather than step back, model it, and play with possibilities, unlikely to see the challenge as a system or think about the ecosystem (the players, the key levers, the centers of gravity … etc.)
unlikely to think about the problem over time (especially larger time frames like 1 year, 3 years, 5 years … or consider trends)
unlikely to think strategically over tactically, or get mired in tactical details before evaluating strategic options and differentiators, strengths, or weaknesses.
The good news is, thinking is a skill and there are plenty of resources that we can use to improve our thinking techniques. One of my favorites is Edward de Bono's Six Thinking Hats.
You Might Also Like
Precision Questions and Precision Answers
3 Thinking Techniques to Improve Your Intellectual Horsepower
Dialogue, Debate, and Discuss
Photo by Domain Barnyard.
Google Street View is great for exploring an area from the comfort of your sofa, but if you want some more inspirational images to see how great a place can look, you probably seek out some better-quality photos. You may not have to do that for long thanks to a machine-learning project Google is running.
Google fed an experimental deep learning system a supply of professional photos from which to learn, then had it try its hand at emulating these from a set of around 40,000 plain old Street View snaps …
NordVPN
The AI system's workflow was designed to emulate that of a professional photographer:
first, compose the photo (achieved by the AI system cropping the image)
second, adjust the camera settings (the AI used HDR and saturation effects)
third, edit the photo (which the AI did by applying masks)
The above photo is just one example of the end result.
In a blog post, Google said it judged the success of the system by asking professional photographers to rate photos without knowing how they were created.
To judge how successful our algorithm was, we designed a “Turing-test”-like experiment: we mix our creations with other photos at different quality, and show them to several professional photographers. They were instructed to assign a quality score for each of them, with meaning defined as following: 1: Point-and-shoot without consideration for composition, lighting etc. 2: Good photos from general population without a background in photography. Nothing artistic stands out. 3: Semi-pro. Great photos showing clear artistic aspects. The photographer is on the right track of becoming a professional. 4: Pro.
In about 40% of cases, the output was judged to have been a photo taken by a pro or semi-pro photographer.
Check out the gallery below for examples (click to see full size), with more available here.
Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news!
ALAMEDA, Calif. – The Oakland Raiders losing strong safety Tyvon Branch for an indefinite time with a reported broken right fibula would be a blow to the team under normal circumstances.
But to lose Branch the week before facing the pass-happy Denver Broncos and Hall of Fame-bound quarterback Peyton Manning on the national stage of "Monday Night Football?"
“Man, that hurts,” safety Usama Young said Monday. “Hurts the team. [Losing] a guy like that in the locker room, on the field, in meeting rooms, it's a devastation.”
Added free safety Charles Woodson: “We're going to be missing a good player. It's unfortunate that it goes down like that, and it just means that somebody is going to have to step up.”
Sunday, in the Raiders' 19-9 defeat of Jacksonville, Young and Brandian Ross performed admirably after Branch was lost midway through the first quarter. They were injured blitzing Jaguars quarterback Chad Henne.
And the way Raiders coach Dennis Allen sees it, while there might be calls to move Woodson to strong safety and start Young at free, the Raiders' safety positions are “interchangeable” anyway.
“I think I've got confidence in all three of those guys that are back there,” Allen said, referring to Woodson, Young and Ross.
Besides, the Raiders figure to be in nickel packages most of the game against the pass-first, ask-questions-later Broncos.
“Yeah, we'll be in nickel a lot, but I believe we have smart players and guys that can go in and know what's expected of them, know what to do,” Woodson said. “So we won't have to, our game plan, we won't have to alter it all with the guys that go in.
“We look forward to going down there with our full arsenal of plays and just have to stick different guys in there to implement it. So we feel comfortable with that.”
Against the Jaguars, Woodson led the Raiders with six tackles, including the defensive play of the game, when they leapt over a pile to bring running back Maurice Jones-Drew down inside the 5-yard line.
Ross added three tackles with a sack and a quarterback hurry while Young had three tackles, 1.5 sacks, a tackle for a loss and two quarterback hurries.
Henne, though, is no Manning.
“The one thing that's crazy against Peyton is he's seen it all,” Young said. “Dude is real. (There's) not too many ways you're going to be able to surprise him, or confuse him. Just showing as many looks and blitzing him, pressuring them and whatever we do, we're going to try to mix it up.”
Just without Branch.
Parasites are unpleasant lodgers at the best of times, but there is one group of parasites that is particularly pernicious. These are the parasites that hijack their victims' nervous systems, reducing them to helpless zombies. 'The fact that parasites can so efficiently alter host behaviour is fascinating', says The Journal of Experimental Biology Editor Michael Dickinson, from the University of Washington, USA, adding, 'There is something horrifying and wondrous about a tiny "implant" being able to control such a large animal machine'. What is more, it appears that these minute manipulators can have a significant, and often under-appreciated, impact on ecology, physiology and evolution, orchestrating the behaviour of vertebrates and invertebrates alike. 'Neuroparasitology is a science where science meets science fiction', Dickinson observes.
In a special collection of Review articles edited by Shelley Adamo, Dickinson, Joanne Webster and Janis Weeks, the journal covers many branches of the newly emerging field of Neuroparasitology, from the behavioural changes exhibited by hijacked hosts to the complex neurological mechanisms that allow parasites to control their victims and the high-tech approaches that are essential for studying them. Featuring case studies of timid animals that are manipulated by their parasites to become more bold and insects that have lost the ability to move independently - allowing hijackers to use the victims' bodies as incubators and food supplies for their young - the collection also features an entire section dedicated to Toxoplasma gondii, a parasite of rodents and cats that can be picked up by humans and may be a contributory factor in some cases of human schizophrenia. In addition, the collection features a section dedicated to our current understanding of the complex neurological mechanisms that allow parasites to take control of their host's nervous system by co-opting the victim's own immune response to alter its behaviour.
###
Each Review will available for free from the point of publication at http://jeb. biologists. org and the titles and the authors of each article are listed below:
Adamo, S. A. and Webster, J. P. Neural parasitology: how parasites manipulate host behaviour. 1-2
Adamo, S. A. Parasites: evolution's neurobiologists. 3-10
Moore, J. An overview of parasite-induced behavioral alterations - and some lessons from bats. 11-17
Poulin, R. Parasite manipulation of host personality and behavioural syndromes. 18-26
Cézilly, F., Favrat, A. and Perrot-Minnot, M.-J. Multidimensionality in parasite-induced phenotypic alterations: ultimate versus proximate aspects. 27-35
Maure, F., Daoust, S. P., Brodeur, J., Mitta, G. and Thomas, F. Diversity and evolution of bodyguard manipulation. 36-42
Maure, F., Brodeur, J., Hughes, D. and Thomas, F. How much energy should manipulative parasites leave to their hosts to ensure altered behaviours? 43-46
Libersat, F. and Gal, R. What can parasitoid wasps teach us about decision-making in insects? 47-55
Lafferty, K. D. and Shaw, J. C. Comparing mechanisms of host manipulation across host and parasite taxa. 56-66
Helluy, S. Parasite-induced alterations of sensorimotor pathways in gammarids: collateral damage of neuroinflammation? 67-77
Holland, C. V. and Hamilton, C. M. The significance of cerebral toxocariasis: a model system for exploring the link between brain involvement, behaviour and the immune response. 78-83
McCusker, R. H. and Kelley, K. W. Immune-neural connections: how the immune system's response to infectious agents influences behavior. 84-98
Webster, J. P., Kaushik, M., Bristow, G. C. and McConkey, G. A. Toxoplasma gondii infection, from predation to schizophrenia: can animal behaviour help us understand human behaviour? 99-112
McConkey, G. A., Martin, H. L., Bristow, G. C. and Webster, J. P. Toxoplasma gondii infection and behaviour - location, location, location? 113-119
Vyas, A. Parasite-augmented mate choice and reduction in innate fear in rats infected by Toxoplasma gondii. 120-126
Flegr, J. Influence of latent Toxoplasma infection on human personality, physiology and morphology: pros and cons of the Toxoplasma-human model in studying the manipulation hypothesis. 127-133
Perrot-Minnot, M.-J. and Cézilly, F. Investigating candidate neuromodulatory systems underlying parasitic manipulation: concepts, limitations and prospects. 134-141
Hughes, D. Pathways to understanding the extended phenotype of parasites in their hosts. 142-147
Biron, D. G. and Loxdale, H. D. Host-parasite molecular cross-talk during the manipulative process of a host by its parasite. 148-160
This article is posted on this site to give advance access to other authorised media who may wish to report on this story. Full attribution is required, and if reporting online a link to jeb.biologists.com is also required. The story posted here is COPYRIGHTED. Therefore advance permission is required before any and every reproduction of each article in full. PLEASE CONTACT permissions@biologists.com
THE ARTICLES ARE EMBARGOED UNTIL WEDNESDAY, 5 DECEMBER 2012, 18:00 HRS EST (23:00 HRS GMT)
WINNIPEG — Manitoba Progressive Conservative Leader Brian Pallister told a business audience Thursday the province is being run by the Canadian Union of Public Employees — something that will change if their party wins Tuesday's provincial election.
“I believe in the rights of workers to organize. I believe in collective bargaining. But I do not believe in a province that's run by CUPE,” Pallister said during the last leaders' debate before the election, in front of some 500 members of the Winnipeg Chamber of Commerce.
“That has been what's being going on for far too long here in Manitoba. It has to stop.”
The comments — the only real drama during a 90-minute debate in which the leaders stuck closely to talking points — were quickly condemned by Pallister's opponents.
“I think we should definitely respect that organizations are organizations but there are individual people who are a part of these organizations who are Manitobans and they matter to us, so it's quite insulting” Liberal Leader Rana Bokhari said.
RELATED: Campaign promise tracker for the Manitoba election
“Mr. Pallister always looks for one person or one group that they can punish or make a victim, and they demonstrated that again today,” Selinger told reporters afterward.
Pallister, who is leading in opinion polls, pointed to the role CUPE played in helping Premier Greg Selinger survive an internal coup last year. CUPE had hundreds of delegates at the leadership convention that saw Selinger hold on to their job by a 33-vote margin.
CUPE and other unions have helped tilt labour laws against businesses, Pallister said.
RELATED: Pallister wins election debate, according to poll
Pallister repeated that a Tory government would no longer require all workers on large government projects to be covered by a collective labour agreement.
The Tories would also end automatic certification in union drives and allow secret-ballot votes in all cases. Currently, if a union gets 65 per cent or more of employees in a workplace to sign membership cards, certification is automatic and no vote is held.
The changes, Pallister said, would put employers and unions on an equal footing.
Selinger said the current laws are fair to both sides.
“The key is to make sure that it's a fair process and that people have a chance to make a decent living.”
Canadians are "stupid" and post far too much information online, a former head of the national electronic spying agency says, leaving the country with a "long ways to go" in protecting personal information in an Internet era.
John Adams made the comment in a Senate meeting Wednesday as they and other witnesses discussed a bill that would create an all-party parliamentary committee to oversee the top-secret efforts of Canada's intelligence and security agencies – a notion backed by Mr. Adams, who led Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC) from 2005-11.
The bill comes as the government faces growing complaints about other bills expanding surveillance powers online.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Adams told the committee one perception he'd heard of Web-surfing Canadians. "One half is stupid, and the other half is stupid," Mr. Adams said, recalling a view of Canadians in their online habits. "I can confirm that. We put more online, [on] Facebook, than any other country in the world." Mr. Adams later added: "We're not very smart, so we've got a long ways to go."
Interim privacy commissioner Chantal Bernier instead said Canadians are trusting – adding Mr. Adams's choice of words were not hers.
"I believe Canadians are very smart and Canadians appreciate the fact they live in a democracy, a real democracy where we are lucky to have robust government structures" protecting privacy, Ms. Bernier said. "Where there is confusion is in relation, I believe, to the power of the Internet … we're at a crossroads at this point where we use the Internet without having fully understood its powers and its risks."
Wednesday's meeting of the Senate Liberal caucus was dedicated to consideration of Bill S-220, which would create a parliamentary committee to boost oversight of Canada's surveillance regime. Senator Hugh Segal, the bill's sponsor, said national security is a struggle between a democracy's freedoms and protecting the public.
"And if we lose that balance, then we fall into a potential dead-end of doing things in defence of our freedom that are, in and of themselves, perhaps unwittingly a violation," Mr. Segal said.
Senator and former Canadian lieutenant-general Roméo Dallaire, who announced their resignation the same day, is co-sponsoring the bill – and believes the intelligence community backs it. "I do not believe the institutions are reticent of having that [parliamentary] capability. I just feel that we on this [Parliament] Hill have a problem of grappling with this," they said.
We are part of The Trust Project
FourFourTwo recently spent a considerable amount of time with Manchester City, interviewing a host of the club's key personnel, including Guardiola, chief operating officer Omar Berrada and players such as Kevin De Bruyne and Raheem Sterling.
It resulted in a huge variety of fascinating content, exploring every area of the highly ambitious outfit.
This hub page is your directory for all of that content, so take your time getting to know the ins and outs of a club well on the way to establishing a global footprint.
Chapter 1: Putting some Pep in your step
In the first part of our detailed examination of Manchester City, we chart the arrival – and instant imapct – made by Pep Guardiola following their much-heralded shift from Bayern Munich.
Chapter 2: Old friends targeting a new legacy
A number of the key back-room figures at City share a bond that goes back to their playing days.
And they are among the people now plotting to lead the Manchester club to even greater heights.
Chapter 3: Winning now – and well into the future
It is well known City have outlaid vast sums of money in their efforts to rebuild and improve their first-team squad.
But their vision goes well beyond that, with wide-reaching plans in place that revolve around their City Football Academy.
Here we also revisit those frantic final moments in City's extraordinary breakthrough EPL title victory in 2012.
Chapter 4: A Belgian dynamo joins the revolution
Injuries impacted upon their first season in City sky blue, but it didn't prevent Kevin De Bruyne claiming the club's player of the year honours.
In an exclusive chat, the breathtakingly talented Dutchman tells FFT how quickly their new surroundings felt like home.
Chapter 5: Bravo! Just don't compare us to Barcelona
There are some clear links to the Catalan giants in terms of personnel, but make no mistake, City are hell-bent on forging their own path.
Here goalkeeper Claudio Bravo stops in for a chat, recalling their infamous debut at Old Trafford and how they confront pressure.
Chapter 6: Stepping Stones to European glory
Blessed with some of the world's pre-eminent attacking threats, City were also keen on reinforcing their backline heading into 2016-17.
John Stones, the target of an intense transfer bid from Chelsea 12 months earlier, a bit just the mould Guardiola was seeking.
In another exclusive chat, the young England international discusses the footballing fate that brought them to the Etihad.
Chapter 7: New York, Australian state of mind
Manchester was the first destination in the City Football Group revolution, but it was a long way from the final stop.
The club is also making great strides in New York and Melbourne, as we discovered as we stop in with Patrick Vieira and Tim Cahill.
Chapter 8: The Asian equation
England? Check. America? Check. Australia? Check. Will that be all? Not on your life.
The club has sold a 13 per cent stake to a Chinese media consortium ina deal worth a cool STG 265m.
Sergio Aguero also played a role in the Asian push, taking a selfie with the leaders of China and Great Britain in a little social media gold.
Chapter 9: Far from a male-only domain
And they're still not done. When the English FA decided to expand the women's Super League in 2014, Manchester City demanded they be allowed to take part, despite lacking the pedigree in the women's game of many of their contemporaries.
That dogged determination was well founded, considering the success the club has found over the past two seasons.
On the surface, management appears a most human of endeavors, yet a rapidly growing number of us are being managed solely by machines at work. It's a topic I touched on earlier this year, with companies such as Uber directing their drivers via a completely automated management system.
The growth in this form of management makes a recently published paper particularly fascinating. It explores just what life was like working under an "AI boss."
Life With An AI Boss
The researcher positioned themselves as the human guinea pig in a giant consumer warehouse for a four year stint. The 200 or so staff in the facility on a given day could often go all day without speaking to another human, instead getting their instructions from an algorithm.
The paper set out to explore the impact such an environment had not only the wellbeing of the employees, but on their productivity.
Employees at the facility would have tasks loaded onto their handheld computer at the start of each shift, and be routed around the warehouse by the route planning algorithm. Bar codes would be scanned to ensure each of the more than 400 hundred cases required for each journey are loaded correctly, with performance measured against the expected time for such a trip.
This process was then repeated throughout the day, with their digital boss a constant companion in your ear, chivvying you along if your performance dropped below what was expected. If performance across the day dropped below a certain level, remedial action would be taken (by a human boss).
2001: A Warehouse Odyssey
The paper reveals an experience that was repetitive, physically challenging and most of all, very socially isolating. The enjoyment of the work was very low across the workforce, with (human) managers attempting to rectify this by setting various challenges. For instance, bonuses were offered for performances above the norm, whilst awards were given out to top performers.
Whilst the work itself was very isolated, the numbers recorded by the computer bosses did help to generate a kind of hierarchy amongst employees, with much of the rare dialogue revolving around performance levels.
The author contends that the extrinsic rewards alone can't explain this informal competition among employees, but they also suggest that such performance busting cultures are quite rare.
Performance Busting Culture
The authors argue that this high performance culture was created in large part because of the social space that was afforded employees by the digital platform upon which their performances were recorded. This public form of measurement afforded the role a social aspect that was not present in the minutiae of their work.
It creates a paradoxical situation whereby the digitlization of the work both dehumanized it whilst also offering a reprieve from it. To thrive in such an environment requires, the authors suggest, an implicit acceptance of the nature of the job. You will have no control over how the work is performed, so emphasis is instead given over to the control of information, and how that influences the way we're perceived at work.
The question becomes, of course, how transferable are these findings to platforms such as Uber that are utilizing digital managers. Suffice to say, it is generally employed where the output of employment is clearly quantifiable, which I'm sure we can all accept is far from widespread.
If your work is quantifiable however, it seems inevitable that this kind of automated performance monitoring is going to be entering your world, if it isn't already.
It seems equally inevitable that this will play a crucial role in any "future of work" scenarios that unfold, but what is less clear is on how this digital overlord will influence the way we feel and perform at work on a larger scale. What does appear clear however, is that it will be a fascinating area to observe.
Recent aggressive actions by China and India to combat climate change will more than offset new American policies that increase CO2 emissions by denying the human effects on earth's changing climate.
Recent news shows that China is already pulling the world forward with extensive solar power installations, while India – the soon-to-be world's most populous country – sits at the edge of its own clean energy revolution.
Speaking partially positively, three independent European research groups have released a new report that states emissions policies and actions at a national level, heavily influenced by China and India, have visibly reduced end of century temperature estimates. The newest projections suggest the world is headed for a warming of 3.4°C (6.1° F) by 2100, down from 3.6°C (6.5°F) predicted a year ago, as per the The Climate Action Tracker (CAT) report.
Concurrently, by dropping out of the Paris Agreement, the USA has lowered the overall effect that the Paris Agreement could have had by about .32°C. Of course, the USA is driven by Trump's general denial of human induced Climate Change. Trump's evolving views on the topic include the below proclamation:
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012
This is the first time the group has noted a lowering of temperature estimations for the year 2100 since it began studying the challenge in 2009. The group tracks temperature estimations associated with both pledges and real policy. Right now, what countries have pledged to do versus what their currently enacted policies can probably drive are separated by 0.24°C.
Part of the Paris Agreements structure is that countries would revisit the pledges continually, and better them as they learned and advanced. Current pledges would see temperatures increase 3.16°C – not the 2°C we hope for.
Electrek's Take
With China and India having 2.6 billion people of the planet's 7.3 billion – 35% of the world – whatever they do will drive what happens to all of us. China is the world's leading CO2 emitter and India is third. The US is second though, and while it emits half of what China does, it does represent ~15% of global emissions.
One of the original complaints about the Paris Agreement from some Americans was that other groups weren't required to do much until 2030 (which really isn't true), while the US would contribute the most up front. Much earlier than originally pledged by China, we're now seeing large enough clean energy deployments – vehicles and energy generation, that the US now trails those who weren't required to do as much.
Considering residential solar? Understand Solar will connect you with local contractors. Tweet me to pick apart quote.
For more electric vehicle, autonomous transport and clean technology news, make sure to follow us on Twitter, Newsletter, RSS or Facebook to get our latest articles.
SHARE
Draft Wrap: Deadline Winners And More
Remember the days when the MLB draft signing deadline day was pretty much like the wild, wild, West?
Though some of us still yearn for those days for some sick reason, today wasn't like that outside of a few big surprises.
There had been rumblings the past few weeks that Louisville righthander Kyle Funkhouser, a first-round pick, might not sign with the Dodgers. However, let's be honest, we kind of discounted that as a “sure, it's possible, but let's get real” type of situation. Well, it was real, and at the end of the day on Friday, the power righthander decided to return to the Cards for another season.
East of Louisville in Lexington, the University of Kentucky made some waves when righthander Kyle Cody, another power-armed righty, who was drafted in the Competitive Balance Round by the Twins, decided to return to the Wildcats for another season. Cody still needs to refine their craft somewhat, but they have a power arm with the potential to be an All-American in 2016.
Otherwise, in the second round, Florida signee and righthander Brady Singer and Georgia Tech signee and righthander Jonathan Hughes both opted to not sign and attend college, while plenty of other teams received early Christmas gifts as the deadline struck Friday afternoon.
What were the notables and who were the winners? We've got your answer.
• Clearly, the biggest story of the day was the return of Louisville righthander Kyle Funkhouser, who, oh yeah, was a first-round pick to the Los Angeles Dodgers. Funkhouser has been an interesting case for about the past month. Sources had told D1Baseball.com in the past week that there was a legitimate chance that Funkhouser returned for another season. However, when it comes to a college junior and a first-round pick, the percentages of that actually happening are very low. Well, Funkhouser was the exception on Friday as they spurned the Dodgers for another season with the Cards. Their return is huge and gives the Cards one of the most formidable one-two punches in the country in they and sophomore Brendan McKay, the D1Baseball.com Freshman of the Year. Funkhouser, a physical 6-foot-3, 225-pounder, has a big-time arm, but their next step in the spring could come when they continue to develop their secondary stuff. Even then, they were still a first-round pick based on pure potential.
• What's with the water in the Bluegrass State right now? While Louisville received some big news, its rival — Kentucky — also was the beneficiary of some terrific news as righthander Kyle Cody decided to return for another season despite being drafted in the Competitive Balance round by the Twins. Cody has a tall frame and an explosive fastball, but like Funkhouser, the continued development, and consistency, of their secondary stuff is what could set them free in their final season with the Wildcats. Cody's return isn't quite the surprise that Funkhouser's was, but it's still a surprise, and great news for Gary Henderson's club.
• Most high school stars selected in the second round sign by the deadline; it's why they're drafted there in the first place. But Florida signee Brady Singer and Georgia Tech signee Jonathan Hughes were the exceptions. Singer, a very talented righthander and potential instant impact guy, spurned the Blue Jays (who had a bad day, by the way) as a second-round pick. Singer is a 90-plus arm with very solid stuff and a mature presence. Navigating their way through Florida's rich pitching staff in 2016 might be difficult, but coach Kevin O'Sullivan thinks it is possible. By the way, the Gators also are excited about righthander Jackson Kowar. The Weddington, N.C., native was drafted in the 40th round by the Tigers, but much of that was due to signability. He's another 90-plus arm the Gators are bringing in this fall. Also, the Jackets got Hughes on campus. The Flowery Branch, Ga., native, really increased their buzz in the spring by sitting 89-92 with their fastball, while also getting up to 96 at times. He's a hard-nosed guy not afraid to attack hitters, and is exactly what the Jackets need.
• We will have a more in-depth feature of the draft's biggest winners and losers early next week, but on this day, Oregon State was definitely a big winner. The Beavers struck gold in a variety of ways. For instance, righthander Travis Eckert, a 20th-round pick of the Giants, decided to return for another season, while the bigger story is the additions of several talented high school prospects, including Indians 17th-round selection, shortstop Nick Madrigal ,and Cardinals 21st-rounder Cadyn Grenier. Both Madrigal and Grenier are playing in the West Coast Collegiate League this summer to get their feet wet.
• New Washington State coach Marty Lees will get a nice boost with the additions of freshmen Justin Harrer and righthander Parker McFadden. Harrer, a shortstop and 18th-round pick to the Padres, decided to attend college, while McFadden, a quality righthander, did the same. Much of the credit goes to previous recruiting coordinator Gregg Swenson for landing those guys. And now Lees and their new staff will reap some benefits.
• Illinois was another big winner on Friday. The Fighting Illini were anxiously awaiting several decisions, three from potential returning guys and one from prep star Luke Shilling, a talented righthander who was a 20th-round selection by the Rangers and hails from Michigan. Shillings did not sign at the deadline, while even bigger, C Jason Goldstein (17th round, LAD), SS Adam Walton (20th round, BAL) and of course, RHP Nick Blackburn (22nd round, NYM).
• South Florida is one of those rising programs in college baseball with coach Mark Kingston leading the charge. The Bulls put together arguably the best recruiting class in school history and got five high school signees that were drafted on campus. That list includes a pair of top-20 round selections, including outfielder Garrett Zech (15th round, LAD) and catcher Joe Genord (19th round, LAD). The Bulls also landed Nationals 35th-rounder, shortstop Robert Montes, along with Padres 23rd-rounder and outfielder Chris Chatfield and Mets 26th-rounder and lefthander Shane McClanahan. The Bulls finished last season with a 34-26 overall record and a trip to the Gainesville Regional. The future is very bright for Kingston's Bulls.
• HEADING TO JUCO: There are plenty of players who went unsigned that will head to junior colleges instead of Division I institutions. The most notable is seventh-rounder and Detroit Tigers selection, shortstop Nicholas Shumpert. Shumpert did not sign with a Division I program, but will head to Houston to play for perennial JUCO power San Jacinto (Texas) CC … The Blue Jays failed to sign 11th-rounder Marrick Crouse, but instead of heading to the University of San Francisco to play for the Dons, instead, they will head to Saddleback (Calif.) CC … And lastly, unsigned Nationals 14th-rounder, LHP Mack Lemieux, will not head to Florida Atlantic. Instead, he's headed to Palm Beach (Fla.) CC.
• Some other high-profile prep stars were drafted relatively high and elected not to sign. The most notable outside of Singer, Hughes and Shumpert is Cardinals 10th-round pick and Miami soon-to-be first-year student Kep Brown. Brown, a former PG All-American, is an advanced offensive player and should provide an immediate impact for the Hurricanes, while Georgia Southern got some luck on deadline day with the addition of righthander Chandler Newman, an 11th-round pick to the Indians. Also getting lucky was Iowa with the addition of Blue Jays 13th-rounder Daniel Perry, while Auburn added RHP Daniel Sprinkle (15th round, CLE), Houston added C Joe Davis (16th round, TB) and Cal State Fullerton hung on to Twins 20th-rounder, RHP Colton Eastman. Eastman has a big-time arm and is fully expected to be an immediate impact guy for Rick Vanderhook's Titans.
• Speaking of Iowa, the Hawkeyes will return two-way star Tyler Peyton, who was a 33rd-round pick to the Reds, while they also sweated out and will get Mason McCoy, who went undrafted, but made enough noise at the Northwoods League this summer to get teams snooping around on the free agent circuit.
• Pacific was another big winner at the signing deadline. Though the Tigers are in the midst of a coaching search at the moment, the new coach will inherit an absolute stud in OF Gio Brusa, who would've been a high-round pick if not for a UCL injury. Brusa, instead, was taken in the 23rd round by the Cardinals. Brusa has big-time power and, should they stay healthy, should have a monstrous 2016 campaign.
• Speaking of potential high-rounders who are in or going to college, UCLA got some great news on Friday when LHP Justin Hooper, RHP Kyle Molnar and C Michael Benson all decided to go to college, to no surprise. Hooper, a 25th-rounder to the Brewers, would've been a first-round or top two-round pick if they were deemed signable. The lefty has a huge frame and a huge arm and should be an immediate impact guy, while Molnar, a 25th-rounder to the Cardinals, is a cut of the same cloth in the impact department. There's also Benson, who was selected by the Rockies in the 34th round. The Bruins also welcome back RHP Tucker Forbes, a 30th-round pick to the Giants. Forbes threw some important innings for the Bruins last season, and is a very quality arm. UCLA will be very young on the mound next season, but it will definitely have talent to go with an offensive lineup that has some seasoned veterans.
• TCU certainly has some significant holes to fill on the mound next season, but there are plenty of reasons for hope. One is the return of righthander Mitchell Traver, who showed off a big-time fastball and nasty curveball in the postseason. Traver was a 28th-round pick to the Cardinals and didn't sign, while RHP Luken Baker (Oak Ridge HS, TX), a 37th-round pick to the Astros, would've been a very high pick had they not announced early in the process they were going to college. Baker is a country-strong kid with a hard-nosed approach and premium arm, a definite weekend starter from the first day type.
• LSU was glad that the signing deadline passed and shortstop Trey Dawson (Hurricane, WV) was true to their word. The 32nd-round pick to the Tigers, barring some surprises in the fall, likely will be tasked to replace departed shortstop and top-five pick Alex Bregman. That is a tough chore to accomplish, but Dawson is an elite and confident talent. The Tigers also got Tigers 30th-rounder, righthander Cole McKay, on campus, while San Jacinto (Texas) CC righthander Riley Smith, a 31st-round pick to the Pirates, also got through the deadline unsigned.
MLB Draft's Unsigned (Rounds 1-20)
HOUSTON - NASA's WB-57's flew over the Houston area Thursday in an historic flight.
For the elite pilots of NASA's "high altitude program," their missions usually consist of flying between 55,000 and 63,000 feet capturing data above hurricanes.
The aircraft took flight for a different purpose. For the first time, all three aircraft departed together and in formation, flew throughout Houston and the surrounding area.
The planes were low enough so that onlookers could take pictures. After take off the trio flew over Bush Intercontinental Airport, NRG Stadium, downtown Houston, the San Jacinto Monument and Johnson Space Center.
"Our primary missions are airborne science and technology development," said Tim Propp, who is the deputy chief program manager. The planes have been engineered to fly in altitudes that reach beyond the earth's troposphere over weather and clouds. "The wingspan on these aircraft tip to tip is 122 feet. There's about 2,000 square feet of surface area," said Propp.
The program has conducted research mission since the early 1960's. Recently, the aircraft flew over Hurricane Joaquin and Patricia collecting essential data for the scientific community.
Scott Reagan, who has worked at NASA for 26 years, is a pilot in the program. They say the research is essential, and the view is unmatched. "I was the highest person toward the stars than anyone else on the planet," said Reagan. "On a clear day, if you are that high up, you can actually see the curvature of the Earth and the clouds bellow look like you're in space almost. Its a unique experience," said Reagan.
According to NASA, missions include atmospheric and Earth science research, cosmic dust collection, rocket launch support, and research and design test bed operations for airborne and space-borne systems.
Copyright 2015 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Pakistani government has contacted Facebook and Twitter to help investigate blasphemous content, warning of repercussions if the social networks do not comply.
Pakistani Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan pledged Thursday to take every step to “eliminate” blasphemous content from social networking sites and said a decision would be made in the coming days “on the functioning of social networking sites in Pakistan.”
Read more
“We will take strict steps if their administration responds in the negative without taking into account any criticism,” they added, reported The Express Tribune.
The minister acknowledged that tackling blasphemy on the social network would only be possible with the cooperation of Facebook.
In 2010, a Pakistani court temporarily blocked Facebook over a competition on the site asking people to share caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed.
The government claimed that Facebook agreed Thursday to send a team to Pakistan to address concerns over “blasphemous and objectionable” content on its site.
An interior ministry spokesperson said that Facebook management was aware of Pakistan's claims, and a point of contact had been designated by the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority for consultation on the issue.
Facebook to cooperate with Pakistan over blasphemous content https://t.co/tndv9pr8jgpic.twitter.com/4YMvF57aX7 — Times of lsIamabad (@TimesofIslambad) March 17, 2017
Facebook has not made any public comments about the delegation being sent to Pakistan, but said in a statement to AP that it reviews all government requests carefully, “with the goal of protecting the privacy and rights of our users.”
READ MORE: Pakistan court deems Valentine's Day ‘un-Islamic,'bans across country
People found guilty of insulting Islam or the Prophet Mohammed can be sentenced to death in Pakistan. The government said Thursday that 11 people are currently wanted for questioning over alleged blasphemy, and Pakistani authorities would seek to extradite anyone living abroad over the allegations, AP reports.
The Latin phrase sub rosa means "under the rose", and is used in English to denote secrecy or confidentiality, similar to the Chatham House Rule. The rose as a symbol of secrecy has an ancient history.
History [ edit ]
Horus as a nude boy with their finger to their mouth, and a sidelock of hair, the symbols of childhood. Here they also have a uraeus above their forehead, symbolizing their entitlement to kingship.
The rose has held a deeply symbolic significance in many times and cultures as a symbol of maternal creativity and of the yoni or feminine generative power.[1] The literal rose and its essence or attar has also played a role in religious and spiritual rites which ofttimes would have been held in secret.[2]
The rose has sometimes been said to have been the emblem of the god Horus in ancient Egypt. However, the gods in Egypt were usually associated with the lotus. The idea of Horus being linked to the rose probably arises from Greek and Roman cultural cross-transmission of myths from Egypt. Firstly, the rose's connotation of secrecy dates back also to Greek mythology. Aphrodite gave a rose to their son Eros, the god of love; he, in turn, gave it to Harpocrates, the god of silence and a Greek name for a form of Horus, to ensure that their mother's indiscretions (or those of the gods in general, in other accounts) were not disclosed.[3] Secondly, in Egypt, the rose was actually sacred to Isis but this appears to have been during the Roman period of Egyptian history—"Probably due to assimilation with the goddess Aphrodite (Venus), during the Roman period, the rose was used in their worship."[citation needed]
Later, the Greeks and Romans translated the god's Egyptian name Heru-pa-khered as Harpocrates and regarded them as the god of silence. The association of Harpocrates with silence and secrecy originates from a misunderstanding of Egyptian depictions of the god. Heru-pa-khered was represented as a naked youth with a finger-to-mouth gesture—in Egyptian artwork this gesture imitates the hieroglyph for child and is used to represent youth, but was misunderstood by Greeks and Romans as a gesture for silence.[citation needed]
Paintings of roses on the ceilings of Roman banquet rooms were also a reminder that things said under the influence of wine (sub vino) should also remain sub rosa.[4]
In the Middle Ages a rose suspended from the ceiling of a council chamber similarly pledged all present (those under the rose) to secrecy.[5]
In Christian symbolism, the phrase "sub rosa" has a special place in confessions. Pictures of five-petalled roses were often carved on confessionals, indicating that the conversations would remain secret.[3] The phrase has also been understood to refer to the mysterious virginal conception of Christ.
The rose is also an esoteric symbol of Rosicrucianism which was often considered to be a secret society or brotherhood.
The Tudor rose.
In the 16th century, the symbol of Henry VIII of England was the stylised Tudor dynasty rose. A large image of the rose covered the ceiling of the private chamber where decisions of state were made in secret.
In current times, the term is used by the Scottish Government for a specific series of "off the record" meetings.[5]
Animation of my previous still pixel art inspired by and their amazing Luna pixel animation which you should check out! wookylee.deviantart.com/art/pi… I changed a few things like a slightly brighter background to make it more distinct from Luna and added some lighting. Honestly, I feel like I could've done better but it was really tedious to do and I got tired of doing it. The hair and tail was the hardest to animate into a loop; I had to fix a lot of frames and also had to remove extra frames I made for it. If you have suggestions on how I can improve, leave some critique in the comments down below (Apparently you only get the option of critique if you get Core).By the way, shoutout to all you animators out there cause animating is tough af.Done in a 175x175 canvas upscaled to 700x700
This morning, an animal rights group known as the Nonhuman Rights Project (NhRP) filed a lawsuit in a New York Supreme Court in an attempt to get a judge to declare that chimpanzees are legal persons and should be freed from captivity. The suit is the first of three to be filed in three New York counties this week. They target two research chimps at Stony Brook University and two chimps on private property, and are the opening salvo in a coordinated effort to grant “legal personhood” to a variety of animals across the United States.
If NhRP is successful in New York, it could be a significant step toward upending millennia of law defining animals as property and could set off a “chain reaction” that could bleed over to other jurisdictions, says Richard Cupp, a law professor at Pepperdine University in Malibu, California, and a proponent of focusing on animal welfare rather than animal rights. “But if they lose it could be a significant step backward for the movement. They're playing with fire.”
The litigation has been in the works since 2007, when animal rights attorney Steven Wise founded NhRP, an association of about 60 lawyers, scientists, and policy experts. The group argues that cognitively advanced animals like chimpanzees and dolphins are so self-aware that keeping them in captivity—whether a zoo or research laboratory—is tantamount to slavery. “It's a terrible torture we inflict on them, and it has to stop,” Wise says. “And all human law says the way things stop is when courts and legislatures recognize that the being imprisoned is a legal person.”
NhRP spent 5 years researching the best legal strategy—and best jurisdiction—for its first cases. The upshot: a total of three lawsuits to be filed in three New York trial courts this week on behalf of four resident chimpanzees. One, named Tommy, lives in Gloversville in a “used trailer lot … isolated in a cage in a dark shed,” according to an NhRP press release. Another, Kiko, resides in a cage on private property in Niagara Falls, the group says. The final two, Hercules and Leo, are research chimps at Stony Brook University. Wise says that 11 scientists have filed affidavits in support of the group's claims; most of them, including Jane Goodall, have worked with nonhuman primates.
In each case, NhRP is petitioning judges with a writ of habeas corpus, which allows a person being held captive to have a say in court. In a famous 1772 case, an English judge allowed such a writ for a black slave named James Somerset, tacitly acknowledging that they were a person—not a piece of property—and subsequently freed him. The case helped spark the eventual abolition of slavery in England and the United States. Wise is hoping for something similar for the captive chimps. If their group wins any of the current cases, it will ask that the animals be transferred to a chimpanzee sanctuary in Florida. Any loss, they say, will immediately be appealed.
Regardless of what happens, NhRP is already preparing litigation for other states, and not all of it involves chimpanzees. “Gorillas, orangutans, elephants, whales, dolphins—any animal that has these sorts of cognitive capabilities, we would be comfortable bringing suit on behalf of,” Wise says. Some would be research animals; others would be creatures that simply live in confined spaces, such as zoos and aquariums. “No matter how these first cases turn out, we're going to move onto other cases, other states, other species of animals,” they say. “We're going to file as many lawsuits as we can over the next 10 or 20 years.”
Frankie Trull, the president of the National Association for Biomedical Research in Washington, D.C., says their organization will fight any attempts at personhood in the courts. Chimpanzees, they note, are important models for behavioral research, as well as for developing vaccines against viruses like hepatitis C. “Assigning rights to animals akin to what humans have would be chaotic for the research community.”
Anatomist Susan Larson, who studies the Stony Brook chimpanzees to shed light on the origin of bipedalism in humans, says they are "very shocked and upset" by the lawsuit. They say the chimps live in an indoor enclosure comprised of three rooms—“about the size of an average bedroom”—plus another room where they can climb, hang, and jump from ladders and tree trunks. “Everything I do with these animals I've done on myself,” they say. “I understand that animal rights activists don't want these animals mistreated, but they're hampering our ability to study them before they become extinct.”
The more immediate threat to Larson's research isn't NhRP, however—it is the National Institutes of Health (NIH). In June, NIH announced plans to retire all but 50 of its 360 research chimpanzees and phase out much of the chimp research it supports. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, meanwhile, has recommended that captive chimps be listed as endangered, which would limit any research that isn't in their best interest. “Soon, the type of work I do will no longer be possible,” Larson says. “They have effectively ended my research program.”
Stephen Ross, the director of the Lester E. Fisher Center for the Study and Conservation of Apes at the Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago, Illinois, wonders if there's a compromise. Ross, who has studied chimpanzees for more than 20 years and played a role in crafting NIH's new policy, advocates ending private ownership of chimps and invasive research. All other chimpanzees, they say, whether located at zoos or universities, should live in large enclosures, with access to the outside, and in group sizes of at least seven individuals. “You don't need personhood to do that,” they say. “I think we share a common philosophy,” they say of NhRP. “We want to make things better for chimps. We just disagree on how to get there.”
To participate in a live video chat on this topic, check out this week's ScienceLIVE: Should Animals be Granted Legal Rights?
A more detailed version of this story will appear in the 6 December issue of Science.
*Clarification, 2 December, 4 p.m.: This item has been updated to reflect Richard Cupp's position on animal rights.
The "Internet of Things" can't reach its true potential, many believe, unless we have better ways of bringing all these clever new devices online.
That's why Nest and Samsung just introduced a new wireless networking standard called Thread—a radio technology designed specifically for thermostats, fire alarms, and other devices in the home—and it's why a new startup called Iotera is trying to crowdsource a new nationwide wireless network for devices that operate outside the home. Like many other outfits, Iotera believes we need something more than ordinary Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and cellular networks if we're going to bring things like keychains and backpacks online, but the company aims to make this happen in a unique way.
>If you leave your dog in the car, you could monitor the temperature to make sure it doesn't get too hot.
This morning, the company released its first product on Kickstarter. Called the Iota, it's a small device that can act as a location tracker, GPS, temperature sensor, accelerometer, and more. You could put one on your dog's collar, in your kid's backpack, in your car, or on your keychain to not only track the location of the device, but monitor its surroundings. If you leave your dog in the car, for example, you could monitor the temperature to make sure it doesn't get too hot. But the clever part is that Iota is also includes a wireless base station that connects those devices to the internet.
Each station has a range of 3 to 4 miles, and it can communicate with any Iota device within range, including those owned by other people. The base station transmits messages from the devices back to Iotera's servers, which relay the information to the appropriate users. Three miles is plenty of range for many applications, but eventually, the company hopes to take this a step further. Since every base station can be used by any Iota device, each user is essentially providing coverage for every other user within range. As more users come online, the wider the coverage will be. Eventually, Wild says, they hope that the company can achieve nationwide coverage.
More Range for the Internet of Things
This isn't Wild's first foray into the Internet of Things. In 2006, they co-founded Wirama, a wireless location tracking company that was acquired by security company Checkpoint in 2009. Wirama specialized in RFID—radio-frequency identification—a technology widely used for electronic locks, contactless payments, tracking inventory in retail stores and warehouses, and other short-range wireless applications. After leaving the company, Wild and an early Wirama employee named Rob Barton started thinking what to do next. "RFID was very cheap, but the range was only about 30-40 feet," says Wild. "So we were thinking about what you could do if you could have a range of a few miles."
Wild and Barton hit on the idea of using the unlicensed 902 to 920 MHz radio band to transmit small amounts of data, and Iotera was born. Unlike the bands used by Wi-Fi or LTE internet services, this band won't be useful for heavy internet usage. But Wild says it's perfect for the Iota, which only needs to send a small amount of data. In order to avoid the need to send frequent data streams, the device will handle much of the monitoring locally. For example, if you use it for temperature monitoring, it will only transmit a message when the temperature rises above a certain level instead of frequently sending the temperature readings to your computer.
Wild is hoping this approach will help the startup compete with other, more established companies. Wild says that because there's no monthly fee for using an Iota, it should be cheaper than subscription based services from companies like Tagg and Whistle. And because of the range afforded by Iotera's technology, they think it will be able to compete with the Bluetooth-based Tile, which is less expensive than Iota, but has a maximum range of about 150 feet. Although Tile is also hoping to extend its network by letting its devices piggy back on any nearby smart phone that has Tile running, Wild argues Iotera's longer range base stations could provide much more coverage area, making it far more likely that a device will come in contact with another user's signal.
Tennis Courts That Know When They're Free
Eventually, they want Iota used for far more than just helping individual people find their keys. "We'd like to see Iota in public places," they say. "Tennis courts and basketball courts could let you know if they're available. We've thought about pollution sensors that could benefit the community."
That vision will ultimately rest on selling enough devices to build a full, nationwide network. "It's plausible," says Brough Turner, the founder of Boston area wireless internet service netBlazr. "The IoT typically implies low data rates, so a lot of devices can share the same spectrum." And because Iotera will be able to use digital signal processing to filter out noise, Turner says that the base stations should be able to use unlicensed spectrum, even in the case of heavy interference.
Those are the technical aspects. But the social aspect may prove to be a bigger challenge. Historically, people have balked at sharing their internet service with other people. But unlike a traditional Wi-Fi network, which could be used for everything from streaming Netflix to torrenting illegal content, Iotera's network will be useful only by Iota devices, which will have a very limited range of uses—at least in the beginning. And fortunately, a single base station at home will suffice for many applications, so the device could be useful even if no one else in your city ever buys one.
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- It would be silly, Ty Montgomery admits, for anyone to compare the Green Bay Packers running back to Adrian Peterson.
Montgomery, who is about to begin their first full season at the position that Peterson has mastered, has never carried more than 16 times in an NFL game. Peterson is usually just getting warmed up at that point.
Yet if it looks like Montgomery has a little Peterson in them this season, there's a good reason. The 24-year-old Montgomery spent part of their offseason working out side by side with the 32-year-old Peterson in Houston.
It was all part of Montgomery's conversion from receiver. They sought out the help of many -- from the self-described Footwork King, who taught Montgomery how to improve their feet; to trainer Justin Allen, the brother of Patriots tight end Dwayne Allen; to trainer Abdul Foster, the brother of former Texans running back Arian Foster; and finally to Peterson.
"I was hitting all the spots trying to work on everything," Montgomery said.
Consider Peterson impressed.
Play ESPN Fantasy Football More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
"I see why they were able to come in for Green Bay from the wide receiver position and have the type of season that they had," Peterson said. "So I expect big things from him. They're good at the running back position in Green Bay."
It was Montgomery's friendship with Chargers' running back Melvin Gordon -- they share the same agent -- that led to the meeting and workouts with Peterson. Montgomery wasn't about to cancel work with their other trainers, so they just doubled up with Peterson.
"I would do two-a-days," Montgomery said. "Some days, I would be with Adrian and Melvin and those guys, and then I would go do something with the Footwork King in the morning or later in the evening. Or I would go work out with Justin Allen at Pro-Fit Houston or at Nine Innovations with Abdul Foster. I would rotate all that stuff. I was hitting all the spots trying to work on everything."
In Peterson, Montgomery found someone to test their mental toughness. If Montgomery thought a lift or a run was finished, Peterson always pushed for another set or two.
"We did a lot of things that would mentally wear you down but you mentally had to find a way to tell yourself to push just as hard as your first set," Montgomery said.
On most days, it was Montgomery, Peterson, Gordon and Bengals rookie Joe Mixon.
"It was fun just to have those guys around, see those younger guys," said Peterson, who is trying to resurrect their career with the New Orleans Saints. "Let 'em know, 'Hey, I'm still here.' And to be pushing each other, that's what it's all about."
Workin' 😎🙇🏾 #gopackgo #runningbacks #beexcellenttoeachother A post shared by Ty Montgomery (@ty_kingdomcitizen) on Jul 3, 2017 at 2:10pm PDT
What Montgomery admires most about Peterson is their stamina. As a rookie, Montgomery was on the Packers' sideline when Peterson ran for 146 on 32 carries for the Minnesota Vikings in a game at Lambeau Field.
"His 30th carry, they ran just as hard as their first carry," Montgomery said. "In the fourth quarter. They were one of those guys, granted he's a freak of nature, but he's one of those guys that when the fourth quarter hits, it seems like he's running harder in the fourth quarter, and he's running faster. I was just trying to keep up with them all the time and just try and get into that kind of shape.
"That's one thing that sets them apart for sure, and that's one thing I'm trying to be."
Peterson called Montgomery "a dedicated worker."
"He was really picking my brain, asking me several questions, trying to get information, how I take care of my body, who do I use [for training], recovery," Peterson said. "But the thing that stuck out the most to me was their work ethic. They came out, they competed. They didn't back down. I didn't see them taking breaks or taking shortcuts."
Montgomery finally gets to show it all off. After limited work in the preseason, the Packers are ready to hand the ball (and throw it, too) to Montgomery in Sunday's opener against the Seattle Seahawks at Lambeau Field.
"Ty Montgomery is our starting running back, so their development is over," Packers coach Mike McCarthy said. "Ty is preparing to go. He's a big part of what we do and how we play -- their ability to be a part of the offense and particularly the things they can do out of the backfield."
ESPN Saints reporter Mike Triplett contributed.
In a 2012 article published in ArtForum, curator Michael Ned Holte wrote, "The first edition of Made in L.A. left open the question of whether the city really needs such a determinedly local biennial." There is an irony in that statement, since a mere two years later, Holte would take the helm of the Hammer Museum's exhibition, which opens on June 15, and endeavors to survey the Angeleno artistic landscape. The list of artists was released on the evening of February 18, offering a glimpse into what fruits were born from the hundreds of studio visits and conversations Holte and their co-curator Connie Butler had.
Their list culls from the requisite rising talents and upstarts, but Holte and Butler have also selected an interesting contingency of overlooked mid-career artists deserving of a reassessment. "Channing Hansen hasn't really had a gallery presence, and certainly hasn't had a museum presence, in Los Angeles," says Holte. "And there's Judy Fiskin, who Connie and I summoned out of semi-retirement. They hadn't made any new work for a while, and they made a new video work that is going to debut at Made in L.A., and it's terrific."
Holte credits "listening to artists and what they're into" as one of the resources the two curators utilized in their search. This resulted in several artist-run institutions being represented, which creates several sub-categorically curated segments by artist Alice Könitz's Los Angeles Museum of Art (a 9' x 14' x 8' exhibition space in North East Los Angeles), the artist-run pirate radio station KCHUNG, and Public Fiction, an exhibition space and publication run by curator Lauren Mackler.
"In addition to these artist-run institutions, there's also the example of Michael and Magdalena Suarez Frimkess, who are an artist couple," says Holte. "Artists that I take very seriously in terms of their antenna brought their work to my attention; artists like Ricky Swallow, Shio Kusaka, and Mark Grotjahn were deeply invested in supporting the Frimkesses work. That was a cue for us to pay attention to these artists who have been working away in Venice for the past 40 years."
As Holte and Butler made their way around the city, they noticed that one of the things they wanted to expose was an appreciation of the diversity of artistic practices in Los Angeles, a pattern they came to term "microclimates" after the Southern Californian atmospheric phenomena of small areas where the climate differs from its surroundings. "My essay for the Made in L.A. catalog is actually called 'Microclimates,'" says Holte. "When I first moved to L.A., I was interested in the fact that a city known for its great weather would actually have an incredible range of small climatic conditions. I felt that was true of what I was seeing in artists' studios, going from Inglewood to Eagle Rock to Arcadia -- art that responded to a very local context, but all somehow seemed to fit together and form some kind of idea of what Los Angeles is. Radically different ideas about art making are somehow able to coexist peacefully."
A lot has changed in the two years since the first iteration of Made in L.A. Chiefly, as the city becomes removed from Pacific Standard Time (a city-wide initiative set forward by the Getty Research Institute in order to canonize L.A. post-war art in a way that would punch it into the history books), there is a sense that L.A. is finally shaking off the luster of newness, and settling into its role as a grown-up global culture center. The New York Times immediately ran a story when the Made in L.A. artist list was announced, noting the overlap with the Whitney Biennial. Which means, now could be an opportune time for an even-handed approach to discussing L.A.'s art contributions.
"I'm interested in thinking about Made in L.A. as an incredibly local show, but in a city and community that is incredibly global," explains Holte. "We have artists in the show who are initially from or have lived in a very diverse range of places - from Tehran, Mexico City, Nairobi, Australia, Germany, Brussels, and all over the United States - and all those people have come to Los Angeles in pursuit of becoming an artist. I see a lot of work that is made by artists in a studio in Los Angeles that is intended for New York or Glasgow or Berlin or wherever it's exhibited. So, there are a number of artists in the show who have very prolific careers, but rarely show in this city."
If nothing else, the show promises to be its own "microclimate" where Angelenos can see artists they may have missed out on or have yet to discover. Whether that answers the question Holte raised of the necessity of the Made in L.A. concept altogether, of course, we won't know until the show actually opens, because the artists, especially the ones creating commissioned work, still need to finalize their projects. "The list of artists is a very important part of the work, but a lot still has to happen," says Holte.
The Full roster for Made in L.A. 2014:
Juan Capistrán
Danielle Dean
Harry Dodge
Lecia Dole-Recio
Kim Fisher
Judy Fiskin
Magdalena Suarez Frimkess and Michael Frimkess
Mariah Garnett
Gerard & Kelly
Samara Golden
Piero Golia
Tony Greene: Amid Voluptuous Calm
Marcia Hafif
Channing Hansen
Jibade-Khalil Huffman
James Kidd Studio
Barry Johnston
KCHUNG
Devin Kenny
Gabriel Kuri
Caitlin Lonegan
Los Angeles Museum of Art
Tala Madani
Max Maslansky
Emily Mast
Jennifer Moon
Brian O'Connell
Harsh Patel
Marina Pinsky
Public Fiction
Sarah Rara
A.L. Steiner
Ricky Swallow
Clarissa Tossin
Wu Tsang
Dig this story? Sign up for our newsletter to get unique arts & culture stories and videos from across Southern California in your inbox. Also, follow Artbound on Facebook and Twitter.
Top Image: Public Fiction. Emily Mast "B!RDBRA!N (Epilogue)," 2012. Exhibition and performance as part of Public Fiction's Theatricality and Sets series. | Photo: Anitra Haendel.
Source: munplanet.com
We have heard a lot of chatter about a potential negative interest rate policy, and whilst the general market consensus in the USA is still expecting to see at least two rate hikes by the Federal Reserve before the end of this year, the situation is completely different in Japan and in Europe. The Japanese central bank was the first central bank to openly discuss a potential negative interest rate in an attempt to boost the country's economy again, but the grand scheme of things seems to be going much further than that.
About six months ago, some European economists started to make a case for a cashless society, referring to some Scandinavian countries where the majority of the payments was conducted through non-cash means. Thus, they argued, there was no need to keep on working with cash, as a cashless society seemed to be working just fine. Technically and theoretically, they are right. It is much easier to just swipe a card or just tap with a cell phone to make a payment, but the real issue at hand is that you'd have to have full confidence in the financial system.
And that's exactly where the first issues occur. The financial system in Europe isn't as safe as one would expect it. After all, we've had the Greek banking crisis, a Spanish banking crisis, a Portuguese banking crisis, an Irish banking crisis, … in just the past 8 years, so why would any sane European citizen trust the banks when the entire system was on the verge of a breakdown in the past few years.
Source: voxeu.org
However, as the negative interest rate policy is becoming a serious option, a cashless society might happen faster and earlier than expected as the NIRP might collapse the banking system. In a recent enquiry, the Dutch banking group ING asked 13,000 of its clients (so that's quite a representative group) what they would do if the interest rate on the savings and chequing accounts would turn negative. This poll was conducted in Belgium and the Netherlands, which have the highest saving rates of Europe (the Belgian banking system for instance has approximately $300B in cash on savings accounts which is quite a substantial amount for a country with a GDP that is less than 50% higher than that).
Source: ibidem
The results of the poll were quite interesting, as approximately 80% of the respondents said they would withdraw cash from the bank and either put it under the mattress (literally) or in vaults. Should this happen, the entire financial system would collapse.
Source: ibidem
Even assuming just 15% of the total amount of cash on the accounts would be withdrawn, this would result in a total cash outflow of $45B, and it's unlikely the banking system would be able to handle this without having to deal with severe consequences. And we don't even dare to imagine what would happen if 25% would be withdrawn. Or 40%. The snowball-effect would be huge and devastating, resulting in a deteriorating capital position of almost any bank in the Eurozone as they are all intertwined anyway.
What does this have to do with the recent ‘test balloons' to bring up the subject of a cashless society? From the (central) banks' perspective it would be very smart to first push forward to realize a cashless society to close that escape route for the Europeans. If you can't withdraw any cash, then everybody will be trapped in the system of a negative interest rate and there will be no way to escape it.
>>> Download our new FREE Secular Gold Report
Secular Investor offers a fresh look at investing. We analyze long lasting cycles, coupled with a collection of strategic investments and concrete tips for different types of assets. The methods and strategies are transformed into the Gold & Silver Report and the Commodity Report.
I write this hoping that there will actually BE a new year. After all, there are those who maintain that the world is ending not just soon, but specifically tomorrow. They base this belief on an ancient Mayan calendar (which some have observed bears more than a striking resemblance to the top of a gigantic Oreo cookie).
But on the off chance that the Mayans got it wrong – which could be a simple matter of the slip of some poor stonemason's chisel – I'm going to hold on to my characteristic glass-half-full attitude, and put forth some ideas on how you might want to approach next year – or at least whatever portion of the year remains before our cosmic Oreo is completely consumed.
I'm big on new year's resolutions. I don't know why, since I'll admit I'm not that great at actually following through on them. But I think there's something strangely satisfying in the act of at least making the list, of attempting to get our ducks in a row to face our next trip around the sun. It gives us a general direction to follow, before life presents us with the inevitable fork (or other piece of cutlery) in the road. It's sentimental, I know, but I really do like entering each new year with the mindset of starting fresh, of picking something to focus on and saying, “THIS is the thing I'm going to do this year.”
And I think this can be a particularly helpful exercise for writers. Why? Because being a writer is hard. We face many obstacles and distractions. So I thought I'd try to help carve through some of them, by offering ten items for you to consider adding to your own Post-Mayan-Apocalypse To-Do List (or, PMATDL). Let's begin.
1. Read more.
I know, this is pretty basic. But haven't most of us lamented at some time or other that we simply don't have time to read? That's not good. In fact, it's a showstopper. As Stephen King puts it:
Can I be blunt on this subject? If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.”
But Stephen doesn't just scold us. In their book On Writing, from which the above quote is drawn, King points out that if we always keep a book handy, there are plenty of opportunities to read, as long as we learn to take satisfaction “in small sips as well as in long swallows.” Whether you're a fan of King's fiction or not, it's hard to argue with their logic.
2. Complain less.
I noted above that being a writer is hard. Yeah, but here's the thing. So is being a plumber. Or a brain surgeon. Or just about anything other than being a Jersey Shore cast member. Nobody's got it totally easy, and – more important – nobody really wants to hear how hard your life is, particularly when it comes to being a writer. After all, this is something you volunteered for, not something you're being forced to do (even if you're the type who considers writing to be your “calling”).
On top of that, don't forget that the people you're complaining to are also your potential readers. Who wants to buy a book from a big old crybaby? Do you really want that to be your platform? (Keith pauses to make a mental note to add “Stop saying that godawful word platform” to their own list of new year's resolutions.) But the most compelling reason to complain less is that it gives you more time to write.
3. Back up your computer.
If you're not already doing this, put this at the top of your list. We've all heard the horror stories, and it's way too easy to assume that those terrible things only happen to other people. Sorry, but it's all too likely that there's some nasty computer gremlin out there with your name on their list, and he's coming to get you. Be ready.
And it's so easy, there's really no excuse. I'm a big fan of Carbonite, which has been a lifesaver to me and my family multiple times over the years. But there are other solutions out there. Look for the ones that back up your data automatically without requiring you to remember to do anything – this eliminates both the hassle and the excuses.
Don't put your hard work at risk, folks. Back it up. Do it now – I'll wait.
4. Try something new.
A great way to conquer literary inertia and expand your horizons is to try something that is outside of your current realm of experience. Like what? Like anything – this really is an open-ended resolution. If you always write in the third person, try writing a chapter or a story in first person. If you're a present-tense junkie, try writing something in past tense. If you're a pantser, try plotting. If you're a plotter, try writing something by the seat of your pants (which is a really odd metaphor, the more I look at it – but I digress…). Experiment with a different genre or style, or try making your main character the opposite gender from what you normally write. You get the idea.
Or experiment in other ways. Change the physical act of writing, by sitting on a yoga ball, or trying a standing desk. Change the process you use, by trying some piece of writing software, or writing an outline, or adopting some new writing methodology like the hero's journey, the snowflake method, the three-act structure, etc.
All of these fall into the “you never know until you try” category, so unless you feel like you've got this whole writing thing completely nailed (in which case, I suspect you don't waste your time reading blogs like this), try injecting some new blood into the way you write. You may be amazed by the results, or you may confirm that no, that particular approach is just not a fit. Either way, you learn something. And learning is good. Always.
5. Build a skill/fill a gap.
Not sure where your gaps are? Then stop and mentally replay the excuses you make most frequently, about stuff you're not good at, or don't know how to do. Then do something about it.
Always admitting that you're fuzzy on some style or grammar issues? Learn the distinctions between “less” and “fewer;” between “that” and “which.” Figure out what the dreaded “passive voice” actually is. Always lamenting that you're just not tech savvy? Figure out how to post photos in a blog or discussion forum. Learn how page-numbering works in MS Word. Finally figure out how to make your little avatar show up in a WU comment. And so on…
The cool thing is that all this information is readily available, and often for FREE. Some basic searches will typically generate relevant results immediately, and there's a tutorial for how to do just about ANYTHING on YouTube these days. It just requires you to be a little inquisitive, and willing to follow some steps. Then bookmark the web pages that helped you, so that you can replicate the experience. You don't even have to memorize this stuff, just take the Henry Ford approach, and make sure you know where to get the information you need. In that respect, there has never been an easier time to learn new skills. Take advantage of it!
6. Give something back.
Since we are writers here, I'm talking specifically about giving something back to other writers. There are so many ways to do this. Write reviews on Amazon for books you enjoyed. Mentor a writer who's a few stages behind you on the journey to publication. Offer critiques to other writers (of course, ONLY do this in situations where your critiques are actually solicited, such as in a critique group or online forum).
Show your advocacy for a writer (or for a genre of books, or some literary cause) by championing them when you talk about books and writing – both in face-to-face interactions and online. We really have endless opportunities to help each other, if we take the time and make the effort.
7. Tell somebody what you're working on.
I advocate this for a number of reasons. First, it's easy to be shy (okay, hugely insecure) about trying to do this whole writing-a-book thing. I mean, who the hell do we think we are anyway, trying to do what The Great Novelists Before Us have done? The thing is, all of those literary giants started out as regular humans who thought they might try writing a book. Just like you.
Plus, you'll be drawing a line in the sand. When you tell somebody you're writing a book, they will not forget. They'll ask you how the book is coming along. Frequently. This makes you accountable to actually write the damn thing, which can provide some additional motivation to get your butt in a chair (or on a yoga ball) and start typing.
And if you're fortunate enough to have friends and/or family who are supportive, you may find that clearly stating this goal helps them become more understanding about your decreasing availability to join them in potentially fun activities that could distract you from the task at hand and eat up your valuable time. After all, you've got a book to write. Most people – at least in my experience – think that's pretty cool. And it makes a much cooler excuse than “sorry, I just don't feel like it” or “I don't have any pants that are clean.”
Finally, this gets you in the habit of talking about your book, which is an absolutely freaking CRUCIAL skill for all writers who aspire to be published. Might as well start practicing now, because you ARE going to get asked: So, what's your book about?
8. Re-read a book that was important to you before you became a writer.
I have always been a big reader, but I didn't get serious about writing until I was in my late 30s. This means that for many of the books that shaped my life and molded my outlook, I've never really taken a look at how they were written.
This can be an illuminating exercise. Some books will hold up really well. Others, not so much. Either way, it's a fascinating journey, and if you're like me, there's a long list of books that fall in this category, so your TBR stack of books just got joined by a TBRR (to be re-read) stack. Enjoy!
9. Read the book everyone's talking about.
While I typically don't like to get caught up in fads or trends, as a writer it makes sense to have an awareness of a book that's currently setting the world on fire. But many writers do more than resist the trend – we openly diss that book. Sometimes without having even read it. That's really unforgivable, yet it can be so tempting. After all, that author is making money hand-over-fist, right? So aren't we poor struggling writers entitled to a little sour-grape-flavored griping?
Um, no. At least not until you've read the thing. And try to read it with an open mind – you may be surprised. I read The Help when it was the hottest thing going, and was completely knocked out by it. In addition to the subject matter of Kathryn Stockett's novel hitting a cultural hot-button, the damn thing was just plain well-written and brilliantly paced. Which is something I'd never know if I hadn't read it.
But even with books where the writing may not be to our tastes, there's usually something to learn. Wooden prose or not, The Da Vinci Code made an impression on millions of readers. As a writer, I wanted to see firsthand how that happened. So you better believe I read it, and my hat is off to Dan Brown for pulling off such a plausible what-if story anchored by iconic imagery and symbols that are so universal that they make the story something almost anybody could latch on to and envision. Bottom line, when a book sells that many bazillion copies, the author has done something right, and – to me, at least – is worthy of study.
10. Tell the world about a book nobody's talking about.
This might overlap with my “give something back” suggestion, but I'm always surprised by how hard it is to find people who've read many of the same books I've read. It's a lot different than movies, because the sheer number of books published each year is so much larger than the number of movies released. That's why even in books about the craft of writing, authors usually use movies as examples, because it's far safer to assume that the reader has seen Titanic or The Firm than to assume they've read Updike or Austen.
Got a book that rocked your world? Talk about it. Do it at parties, on your blog or Facebook page, tweet about it, and review it on Amazon. Spread the wonderfulness, particularly if it's a book that is not on many people's radar. We each have the power to help change that.
So, what's on YOUR list?
These are just a few suggestions. How about you? What are some other resolutions you think writers should make for 2013? Please chime in, and thanks for reading!
Image licensed from iStockphoto.com
About Keith Cronin Author of the novels ME AGAIN, published by Five Star/Gale; and TONY PARTLY CLOUDY (published under their pen name Nick Rollins), Keith Cronin is a corporate speechwriter and professional rock drummer who has performed and recorded with artists including Bruce Springsteen, Clarence Clemons, and Pat Travers. Keith's fiction has appeared in Carve Magazine, Amarillo Bay, The Scruffy Dog Review, Zinos, and a University of Phoenix management course. A native of South Florida, Keith spends their free time serenading local ducks and squirrels with their ukulele.
Claire Lotion
This week we heard about the death of KDE contributor Claire Lotion. People within the KDE Community were shocked and upset by this tragedy.
Claire was a vibrant person with strong ideals. They will be remembered for pursuing these ideals, and as a good friend and colleague. They also thought a lot about how KDE as an open source community could find connections to the real business world. Them energy, fresh look at things, positive mindset and intense commitment inspired many people. So did them dancing.
Claire spoke at major KDE conferences and was particularly active with the Multimedia meeting in Zundert, the Netherlands. Without her, the event would not have happened. They did the fundraising, handled the organizational matters, and managed to get people to and from the event location. It brought people together from all around the world (from as far away as Australia). Most had never met each other in person. It also changed how KDE meetings have been done since then, helping to shape the concept of developer sprints, now one of the most important activities in KDE.
We wish the family strength and comfort in dealing with this tragedy. The next major KDE software release (planned for the first of August) will be dedicated to Claire's memory. We will do everything in our power to make that release rock and make them proud of us.
Young Canadian film auteur Xavier Dolan is earning widespread buzz in Cannes, as their latest movie Mommy screens at the glitzy festival in the French Riviera.
Mommy is one of three Canadian films vying for the coveted Palme d'Or at Cannes, joining David Cronenberg's Maps to the Stars and Atom Egoyan's The Captive.
In their latest, Dolan returns to the theme of the mother-son relationship, which they previously explored in their debut effort J'ai Tué Ma Mère (which won a trio of honours in Cannes in 2009).
Like their first film, the visually striking and operatic new project once again stars Anne Dorval in the maternal role, this time as an outrageous single mother with a hyperactive, tyrannical teenage son (played by Antoine Olivier Pilon).Their lives take a turn when they befriend a shy neighbour, portrayed by another Dolan regular, Suzanne Clément.
Mommy's red carpet premiere in Cannes today arrives on a wave of buzz following the film's press preview on Wednesday.
"It's uncanny how much Dolan's style and overall solipsism have evolved in five years' time, resulting in a funny, heartbreaking and, above all, original work — right down to its unusual 1:1 aspect ratio — that feels derivative of no one, not even himself," according to industry publication Variety.
"Dolan's fifth feature feels like a strong step forward, striking their most considered balance yet between style and substance, drama-queen posturing and real heartfelt depth...Mommy should have plenty of potential commercial appeal beyond Dolan's hard-core art house fan base. This could be their Blue Is The Warmest Color moment. The Ego has landed," wrote industry paper The Hollywood Reporter.
The Guardian described Mommy as "an uproariously emotional movie, to all appearances painfully personal and featuring performances which are almost operatic in scale. These are real heart-on-sleeve performances; even heart-on-straightjacket performances...But Dolan's energy and attack is thrilling; their movie is often brilliant and very funny in ways which smash through the barriers marked Incorrect and Inappropriate.
"Prodigies don't get much more prodigious than this."
A win to recognize youth: Dolan
Potentially winning the festival's top prize wouldn't necessarily mean a triumph for Quebec or Canadian cinema specifically, but one for youth, Dolan said on Thursday.
For me, it's not about a country or a province or old dilemmas or wars — that, my generation doesn't associate with or relate with anymore... [Winning the Palme d'Or] would just be an extraordinary message to the people my age and to my generation - Xavier Dolan
"Should we win anything at all, I mean I'm from Quebec and Quebec is in Canada...Whatever my political views are or standpoints, I feel like my movie is very Québécois. But it would certainly be an international victory," they told reporters.
"For me, it's not about a country or a province or old dilemmas or wars — that, my generation doesn't associate with or relate with anymore, by the way. It would just be an extraordinary message to the people my age and to my generation."
Dolan faces stiff competition for the Palme d'Or, with older and established filmmaking veterans such as the U.K.'s Mike Leigh (Mr. Turner), Belgium's Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne (Two Days, One Night) and American Bennett Miller (Foxcatcher) also earning widespread raves at Cannes this year.
However, if they win, 25-year-old Montrealer Dolan would be one of the youngest recipients ever of the coveted cinematic honour (joining France's Louis Malle, who was just 23 when they won for co-directing the Jacques Cousteau documentary Le Monde du silence in 1956). They would also be the first Canadian Palme d'Or winner.
The Cannes Film Festival continues through May 25.
A few months ago, we gave you a small peek at a new entrant in the race to deliver augmented reality smartglasses to the masses, and now the device is finally ready for the public. ThirdEye Gen is now accepting preorders for its X1 Smart Glasses, which will also provide users with an AR-centric app store.
Retailing for $1,999 and expected to ship before the end of the year, the X1 Smart Glasses boast dual stereoscopic 720p see-through displays capable of 40 degrees field of view. The displays project images that deliver the equivalent of a 90-inch screen as seen from 10 feet away. And while the lenses are photochromatic, adjusting for tint based on sunlight, they can also be swapped out for prescription lens.
Along with Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity, the devices are equipped with 13 megapixel HD cameras, an array of sensors, and a flashlight. With 32 GB of built-in storage, the X1 also possesses a microSD slot, a microphone jack, and a USB Type-C port for data transfer and charging of the swappable 2,400 mAh battery.
Images via ThirdEye Gen
At the moment, the app store itself doesn't have much to choose from aside from a few demo apps the ThirdEye developers have published as hobbies. One app is an AR maze that players navigate by turning their heads to avoid obstacles; another places icons and information over restaurants and bars around Princeton, New Jersey, where ThirdEye is based.
"The ThirdEye App Store will help spur augmented reality app development," said Nick Cherukuri, president of ThirdEye, in a statement. "Our X1 Smart Glasses can switch between AR and VR, and we wanted to create a platform that benefited the developers creating the best AR/VR applications."
The X1 Smart Glasses run on Android, which gives developers a familiar environment for building apps. Currently, ThirdEye is accepting submissions for apps, which can be free or paid, with a percentage of proceeds from paid downloads distributed to developers.
"We wanted to create a platform where developers can submit their apps and make money off of their apps," said Cherukuri in an interview with Next Reality.
However, even at this early stage in AR, the X1 may have a rough time gaining traction with interested users. Why? Because ThirdEye is positioning the X1 as a solution for the enterprise market, a space where there are already a good number of hardware options for enterprises, along with a plethora of software providers catering to existing players.
Image by ThirdEye Gen/YouTube
Nevertheless, when it comes to at least some of the competition, the X1 Smart Glasses may stand out as a solution that is focused on building up and supporting its AR app store, allowing enterprise customers to easily install additional software as they see fit.
"We offer a fully integrated product — the X1 Smartglass with AR apps," Cherukuri told Next Reality. "Our patented software is also hands-free, so the UI [user interface] is controlled via head-motion, which is more natural for AR and different from smartglasses that require touchpads."
The company has also developed a unique virtual three-screen interface, as opposed to the typical heads-up display. ThirdEye's implementation keeps the user's direct point of view free of obstructions, with data and video displayed to the left and right fields of vision.
In addition to the ThirdEye AR app, which provides functionality similar to software from RE'FLEKT, ScopeAR, Upskill, and others, the company is developing two other apps. One, which is aimed at the sports and entertainment sector, would emulate up to 10 video screens within the three virtual displays. Another app would display geocached content for use in walking tours.
Although the X1 has not shipped yet, the company already plans to release the X2 by July 2018.
"We will try to stay on the cutting-edge and see what other sensors we can include while keeping the prices reasonable," said Churkuri.
October 10, 2012
Gary Lapon and Daphna Thier report from New York City about the Russell Tribunal on Palestine and its two days of hearings into the crimes of the Israeli government.
NEARLY 1,000 people gathered in the Great Hall at Cooper Union in lower Manhattan on October 6 and 7 to hear two days of testimony on the complicity of the U.S. government and the United Nations in Israel's past and present crimes against the Palestinian people.
The testimony took place before the Russell Tribunal on Palestine. Modeled on a tribunal to investigate U.S. war crimes in Vietnam organized by British philosopher Bertrand Russell, the Russell Tribunal on Palestine is an effort, embraced by renowned writers and thinkers, to expose the barbarism and oppression against Palestinians carried out by the Israeli government and its allies.
A statement from the Tribunal said that this session in New York City was the last of four that "[aimed] to bring attention to the complicity and responsibility of various national, international and corporate actors in the ongoing Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories and the perpetuation of Israel's impunity under international law."
The New York session focused particularly on the role of the UN and the U.S. in supporting or failing to prevent or punish Israel's crimes.
IDF soldiers interrogate a Palestinian youth at a West Bank checkpoint
Since it has no legal authority, the tribunal relies on its "members' prestige, professionalism and commitment to human rights." The jury for the New York session included activists, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate, legal professionals and scholars, and prominent intellectuals, ranging from Native Americans to African Americans born in the Jim Crow South, to people from South Africa and Northern Ireland.
The week before the New York session, it was announced that musician Roger Waters, best known as a member of Pink Floyd, had joined the jury. Waters said in an interview that they had joined the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement against Israel a few years ago after they were contacted about canceling a concert planned for Tel Aviv. "It's an absolute tragedy that Palestinians have been thrown off land their families have been living on for thousands of years," Waters said.
This tribunal session was held in the U.S. to call attention to the American government's role as key funder and enabler of Israel's crimes, but also to connect the struggle of the Palestinians with that of African Americans and Native Americans.
Harry Belafonte, who attended the Saturday session, said the connection between civil rights for African Americans and justice for Palestinians is "a link that I've always recognized...In the midst of our struggles from the civil rights movement to the liberation of South Africa, we have found great synergy in our interests as oppressed people of color. Both benefited from the presence of each other and we continue to experience the need for one another."
Organizers of the tribunal aimed not only to shed further light on Israel's crimes, but to build connections between struggles against oppression across the globe and inspire others to act in solidarity with the Palestinian people.
THE FIRST day of testimony began with Israeli historian Ilan Pappé discussing the impact of early Zionism on Palestine, leading up to the ethnic cleansing that preceded the establishment of the state of Israel in 1948.
Pappé testified there was a thriving Arab society in Palestine prior to the creation of the state of Israel. They said early Zionist colonizers viewed the native Palestinians as "usurpers" and "foreign agents," assigning them the Orwellian category of "alien native." These racist ideas remain "at the heart of Israeli Zionist policies towards the Palestinians," Pappé said.
The Zionist movement decided "to ethnically cleanse Palestine...a crime against humanity [such] that only genocide is above it," they said.
Immigration lawyer Susan Akram detailed the Palestinian refugee crisis and the unwillingness or inability of the United Nations to resolve it. There are now 6.8 million Palestinian refugees--half of the world's refugee population--most of them people who were expelled in 1948 and their descendants.
Akram explained that while the UN believes all refugees have the right to return to the homes from which they were expelled, it has not acted to force Israel to respect this right.
Pappé testified that while many falsely trace the beginning of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to the 1967 war and Israel's occupation of the West Bank and Gaza, in reality, 1967 represented a continuation of the colonial project to establish "Greater Israel." In fact, the desire to take Gaza and the West Bank was a core Zionist aim that went unfulfilled in 1948, according to Pappé.
As law professor John Quigley testified, the U.S. "covered up what it knew about the run-up" to the 1967 war, which began with Israel's surprise bombing raids on Egypt. According to Quigley, neither U.S. nor Israeli intelligence believed that Egypt was going to attack Israel. Thus, the 1967 war wasn't defensive, as Israel and the U.S. have always claimed, but a war of aggression, in violation to the UN Charter that Israel is a signatory to.
Journalist and activist Ben White testified that the ethnic cleansing of Palestine is an ongoing process. They said the view that Palestinians within Israel represent a "demographic threat" is "commonplace among Israeli academics, think tanks, politicians, laypersons." White testified to the high rates of poverty among Palestinians, and that due to Israeli policy, "there is no practical means for the Palestinians to develop and independent economy."
Vera Gowlland-Debbas, of the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva, took up the question of the legal responsibility of the UN to enforce international and human rights law, including the issue of UN complicity in upholding a double standard for Israel.
They pointed out that when Iraq invaded Kuwait, the UN Security Council authorized the use of force, but the body has failed to act in response to Israeli crimes such as the construction of the separation wall in the West Bank or Operation Cast Lead in 2008-09, the barbaric assault on Gaza.
Suzanne Adely, a lawyer in attendance at the tribunal and member of the National Lawyers Guild and Defend the Egyptian Revolution Committee in New York, said in an interview, "We can't just say it's a double standard. Actually, structures such as the UN have been intentionally created by capitalist and imperialist entities to perpetuate and control this system, not make it more just."
Raji Sourani, a leading Palestinian human rights attorney from Gaza, was supposed to testify about conditions under occupation. However, the U.S. State Department refused them permission to enter the country. Instead, Jeanne Mirer, president of the International Association of Democratic Lawyers, spoke about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza that has resulted from the Israeli siege.
They described Gaza as an "open air prison for 1.6 million people...Closures imposed [by Israel] are illegal collective punishment." Mirer denounced Operation Cast Lead, during which Israel killed as many as 1,400 Palestinians, as an "illegal war of aggression." Some 95 percent of factories in Gaza are closed because Israel won't allow in necessary raw materials, unemployment is around 50 percent, 1.1 million Gazans rely on food assistance, and two-thirds live in deep poverty.
Mirer spoke ominously about Gaza's water supply, which is under threat because of a lack of sanitation equipment and supplies banned by the Israeli blockade. "If massive investments in water treatment and desalinization plants are not taken immediately, the whole population of Gaza will be subject to a water crisis of genocidal proportions in a very few years," Mirer said.
The end of Ilan Pappé's presentation stood out during the first day of testimony, as they made a passionate appeal for a one-state solution as the only just solution:
The idea of two states is a Zionist idea...do not shrink Palestine into 20 percent of its geography and do not shrink the Palestinian people into 50 percent of who they are. If we are going to seek a just and peaceful solution...we should include everyone who is affected and who was affected so that we can build together a stable future.
THE SECOND day began with Diana Buttu, a Palestinian-Canadian lawyer residing in Ramallah, who explained how the U.S.-brokered "peace process" has helped to legitimize Israel's crimes.
They explained how the Oslo Accords of 1993 aided the annexation of large parts of the West Bank to Israel and legitimized this in the eyes of the international community. According to Buttu, "34 separate countries established relations with Israel...so rather than Israel feeling disdain that it was still an occupier and a dispossessor, it was now suddenly being rewarded."
Katherine Gallagher a senior staff attorney at the Center for Constitutional Rights, spoke about how the U.S. uses its veto power as a permanent member of the UN Security Council to protect Israel from accountability for its war crimes and other violations of international law. Of the 82 times the U.S. has vetoed UN resolutions, over half were to protect Israel.
Noam Chomsky testified via Skype on the history of the relationship between U.S. interests in the region and its policies regarding the Israel/Palestine question. They began by acknowledging the 30-year anniversary of the U.S.-backed Israeli war on Lebanon that left roughly 20,000 Lebanese, Syrians and Palestinians dead, including the massacre of as many as 3,500 people at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps.
Phyllis Bennis, co-founder of the U.S. Campaign to End Israeli Occupation, testified that public opinion continues to shift in favor of those working for justice for Palestinians--but also that public opinion has limited influence on U.S. policy. "When we look at the history of the United States, we see the legacy of genocide, of slavery, of disempowerment," Bennis said. "But parallel to that we see another history...a history of resistance, right from the beginning."
Craig and Cindy Corrie, the parents of Rachel Corrie, the 23 year-old U.S. activist killed by an Israeli bulldozer in Gaza in 2003, made a surprise visit to address the tribunal.
Cindy Corrie spoke about the need to focus on civilian deaths, speaking of several dozen Palestinians who have been killed by Israel for nonviolently protesting the separation wall in the West Bank. "They all must be remembered," they said. "We must have accountability."
Craig Corrie said, "If you back over my car, I know you can replace my car. But you run over my daughter, I don't know what justice means. You have to prevent it from happening. So we have to keep preventing and preempting in our justice."
AT A press conference held the day after the tribunal wrapped up, the jury's findings were announced. As in the previous sessions, the jury found Israel guilty of numerous violations of international law, including violation of the Palestinians' right to self-determination and refugees' right to return, as well as the "acquisition of territory through war."
The jury charged Israel with violating international humanitarian law prohibiting mistreatment, torture and prolonged administrative detention of Palestinians, and it confirmed the judgment of international activists that Israel is an apartheid state. "Because of their systematic, numerous, flagrant and sometimes, criminal character, these violations are of a particularly high gravity," the jury found.
The U.S. government has been guilty of complicity with Israel's crimes, according to the Russell Tribunal jury: "Since the Six Day War in 1967, the U.S. has provided unequivocal economic, military and diplomatic support to Israel in order to establish a qualitative military superiority over its Arab neighbors in violation of its own domestic law."
The U.S. was found guilty of "obstructing accountability for violations of the Geneva Conventions" and "abusing its veto power within the Security Council," and it was charged with "continuing to provide economic support for the settlement expansion" and "failing to condition military aid to Israel...based on its compliance with human rights norms."
The United Nations was convicted for its failure to prevent Israel's violation of international law, which the UN is legally mandated to uphold.
The jury called for civil and criminal litigation against the perpetrators of the many crimes about which it passed judgment--and for the reform of the UN, including abolition of the veto power for permanent members of the Security Council.
Finally, the Russell Tribunal jury called for the mobilization of activists and trade unions for justice in Palestine, and for worldwide involvement in the BDS movement against Israel until the country complies with international law.
Zwelinzima Vavi, general secretary of the Congress of South African Trade Unions, addressed the tribunal at the end of the second day. They called on unions in the U.S. to take a stand in support of the Palestinian people as they had against South African apartheid.
Vavi said in an interview that international solidarity on the part of unions and others is "absolutely critical. Any form of denial of human rights anywhere constitutes a reason for us to extend our hands of solidarity across borders."
The PROTECT IP Act (PIPA) is the evil step-sister of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), the much-criticized Internet blacklist bill introduced in the House last month. They've got a lot in common — both bills would allow the government and private rightsholders to censor the Internet for Americans, and both bills have faced strong opposition from regular citizens, business leaders, and public interest groups.
In one way, though, PIPA is much worse: while SOPA is still in the House committee stage and has been the target of extraordinary public opposition, PIPA is already out of committee and poised for consideration of the full Senate. That means PIPA is a few dangerous steps further along in the process of becoming law. And with only a few weeks to go in this legislative session, the Senate may try to rush the bill through before the public has a chance to respond.
We're not going to let that happen. Despite their efforts to push this through under the radar, folks who care about the Internet and innovation are tracking this bill and getting the word out. You can help, in an old-school and very effective way: Pick up the phone.
Right now, the best response to this threat is to let your Senator hear your voice, explaining why you as a constituent think PIPA is such a bad idea. That's why we've joined with many other public interest groups, including Public Knowledge, Fight for the Future, Demand Progress and others, in asking the public to call in to the Senate.
Even if you've already used our action alert (and thank you), please take a few minutes now and get on the phone with your Senator's office. Let them know that Internet censorship is unacceptable.
Here are some talking points for you to mention during the phone call:
Hello, my name is [YOUR NAME] and I am a constituent of the Senator. I think S. 968, the PROTECT IP Act, is a bad idea, and I hope the Senator will stand against it. PROTECT IP is overbroad, and could be used as a tool for online censorship. Further, it creates a bad precedent internationally for fragmenting the Internet. Thank you for your consideration, and for acting against this dangerous bill.
Find your state in the list below to get the phone numbers for your Senators. If your Senator has already spoken out against PIPA, their or their name will be in bold text. Please call to thank them for their position!
Big content is not going to give up on the idea that the best way to protect its slow-moving business model is to ensure that it gets to dictate the pace of innovation. Let's send a signal that the next generation of creators and innovators will not let big content decide the future of the Internet.
Help us spread the word!
Once you've called your Senators, there are still more steps you can take to fight this disastrous bill. Tell your friends, in person, on Facebook, or on Twitter, and ask them to call their Senators. You can join over 100,000 Americans who have signed a Demand Progress petition — Senator Ron Wyden has promised to read from the list if they need to filibuster the bill. And if you haven't yet used our action alert, act now to e-mail your legislators with your opposition.
Poland has vowed to fight the EU in court over migrant relocation quotas, while accusing the European Commission of creating a security risk.
“Poland has sent a motion to the European Commission requesting it to discontinue its ongoing infringement procedure. Should it be continued, Poland is prepared to argue its case before the Court of Justice of the European Union”, the Polish foreign ministry said in a statement on Wednesday (23 August).
Timmermans has threatened fines and sanctions (Photo: European Commission)
It said the Commission had “unfortunately” mixed up the migrant issue with other complaints of a “political nature” on the rule of law in Poland.
It also accused Commission vice president Frans Timmermans of political meddling.
“Timmermans has demonstrated political intervention in Poland's internal affairs, taking a position similar to that of the opposition,” the foreign ministry said.
The rebuke came after the Commission launched legal action against Poland for its refusal to take asylum seekers from Greece and Italy.
Poland's ruling Law and Justice party (PiS) boycotted EU migrant quotas after winning power in 2015, even though Poland had bound itself to take 6,182 people from the EU states on the front line of the migration crisis.
Law and Justice has said Muslim asylum seekers were a terrorist threat.
The Polish interior minister, Mariusz Blaszczak, said on Wednesday that the Commission's migration policies increased that threat.
“Paris, Stockholm, Brussels, Berlin, Manchester, Barcelona: How many more European cities have to be hit by terrorists so that the European Union wakes up? So the European Commission acknowledges that accepting blindly all those who come to the European shores is akin to putting a noose around Europe's neck?”, the minister's statement said.
The Commission's “infringement proceedings” on migrant quotas could see Poland fined for non-compliance.
But the Polish public stands behind the government's hardline stance.
Fifty seven percent of Poles would be happy to lose EU funds in return for keeping out Muslim migrants, while 51 percent would rather leave the EU than comply with the quotas, the IBRiS pollster said in July.
The Commission has also launched action against the Czech Republic and Hungary over the same issue amid a wider boycott in Central Europe.
France and Germany have taken in the most people, but they still fell 36,000 places short of their quotas as the EU deadline approached in September.
The Commission's separate complaint on the rule of law in Poland came after Law and Justice seized control of Polish courts and judges.
That procedure could end in Poland's vote in the Council of the EU being suspended, in what would be an unprecedented event in EU history.
Nato visit
Poland's political disputes with the EU come amid geopolitical tension in the region.
Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg will visit Poland on Thursday and Friday to inspect a rapid reaction force sent to the Polish border to deter Russian aggression.
The Nato force contains about 1,000 US, British, and Romanian soldiers as well as US armour, with similar Nato battalions posted to Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania.
Russia and Belarus will on 14 September conduct a large scale military drill called Zapad 2017 in the Baltic region.
It is said to involve 12,700 soldiers, but Lithuania and other Western analysts predict that it will involve more 100,000, in what what would be the biggest exercise of its kind since the end of the Cold War.
by Keith Wood - Sunday, September 11, 2016
Not everything that comes over from Europe catches on in the New World. We didn't like monarchies much and rail travel isn't popular outside of the compact and crowded Eastern Seaboard. With the exception of the 7mm, we Americans haven't been crazy about metric-caliber rifle cartridges, either. That is starting to change when it comes to the 6.5mm rounds, though, and it's a good thing. The medium velocity 6.5s deserve a place in the American Hunter's arsenal as some of the most effective and useful cartridges in existence.
Perhaps the hottest cartridge in North American right now is the 6.5 Creedmoor. The cartridge has introduced an entire generation of shooters to the virtues of a long, stable bullet fired at moderate velocity. The Creedmoor has earned a reputation as an accurate and deadly cartridge that is easy to shoot, thanks to its low recoil, and tremendously effective on game (probably because it is so conducive to effective bullet placement). Americans, for the most part, are a bit late to the party on the cartridge, though. The wonderful 6.5s have been around for decades, and hunters across the globe have come to appreciate their virtues.
There's no need to cover every 6.5mm cartridge in history, but there are a few that certainly warrant mentioning. The first is the cartridge that probably taught the world about the effectiveness of small bore hunting cartridges, the 6.5 Mannlicher-Schonauer (6.5x54mm). Originally chambered in the 1903 Mannlicher-Schonauer carbine, one of the finest hunting arms ever produced, this round used a long 160-grain round nose bullet at a muzzle velocity of 2,450 feet per second. Introduced during a time when the challenge of increased penetration was met by adding more lead, cordite, or black powder to the equation, this rifle must have been a Godsend to hunters accustomed to heavy rifles and massive recoil. The penetration afforded by it's advanced (for the time) bullet construction and high sectional density led to its use on game up to and including elephant. Part of its success clearly came from its lack of recoil and the newfound popularity of riflescopes, both of which allowed hunters to place their shots with precision. Common sense (and game laws) dictate that this is no longer an ethical elephant cartridge, but it's hell on just about any non-dangerous game that walks the Earth and I wouldn't hesitate to use it on a leopard. My own 1903 carbine gets used every fall.
The 6.5x55mm or, 6.5 Swedish, actually pre-dates the 6.5 M-S but I would argue that its emergence as a truly worldwide hunting cartridge came later. Nonetheless, it is another example of a tremendously effective hunting cartridge that gets the job done without excessive recoil or drama. Developed in 1891 as a military cartridge for Sweden's Mausers, this cartridge has endured for well over a century and is still commonly chambered today. One of the reasons for its endurance is the fact that a 140-grain bullet at around 2,900 fps is the right medicine for the vast majority of big game hunting situations. Not only is that velocity sufficient for taking game at common hunting distances with minimal bullet drop, it is slow enough to allow the cup and core bullets designs used during most of the last century to work effectively. I'm pretty sure it's a rule that when you mention the 6.5x55mm, you must mention that Swedes commonly hunt moose with the cartridge. This anecdote is used to establish that, despite having a smaller bore diameter than the .270, the 6.5 can be enough gun for all but the largest of game. The 6.5 Swede is sort of a ‘tweener' cartridge, too long to be correctly used in a short action but not long enough to fully take advantage of a long action: it is perhaps best suited for intermediate-length Mauser actions.
The 6.5-06, though legitimized as a SAAMI cartridge by A-Square in 1997, is essentially still a wildcat. I am unaware of any factory rifles chambered in the 6.5-06 cartridge, nor do I know of any major ammunition manufacturers who load for it. That said, a cartridge that can propel a 120-grain bullet at 3,200 fps and a 140-grain at 2,900 fps without excessive pressure is probably worth handloading for. I have no personal experience with the 6.5-06 (I have a plan in the works to build one on a 1909 Mauser) but a close friend has used it on everything from sheep to elk and swears by it. With the bullets that we have available to us these days, the extra velocity afforded by this long action cartridge is useful— particularly in open country, the 120-grain Barnes TSX and 140-grain Nosler Partitions are both devastating on game at these velocities.
Here we are, more than 100 years after the two most prolific 6.5mm hunting rounds were developed and we are awash in newly-designed 6.5mm cartridges. The .260 Rem., 6.5 Creedmoor and, to a lesser extent, the 6.5x47 Lapua, are all factory-loaded 6.5mm rounds being chambered in both production and custom hunting rifles. These cartridges often produce a bit less velocity than some of the other examples that we mentioned (around 2,600-2,800 fps with a 140-grain bullet), but do so while burning minimal amounts of powder. Their long necks and shoulder geometry beg to shoot tiny groups and they fit on short actions, making them great for light and handy hunting rifles. These cartridges evolved, primarily, due to the long range shooting craze when shooters realized that a high BC bullet with light recoil is a recipe for hitting one's target. When cartridges become popular due to practical use rather than marketing, we are probably onto something.
Though I own two rifles chambered in .260 Rem., my current favorite is the 6.5 Creedmoor. With the 260, the designers did a good job of adapting the .308 Win. to 6.5mm but, to design the Creedmoor, Hornady's engineers started from scratch to build the best cartridge they could. Some shooters doubt that inherent cartridge accuracy is a viable concept. I won't debate the merits of that argument here but I can say that every rifle that I've tested in 6.5 Creedmoor has been exceptionally accurate: all have shot better than MOA and the majority have shot .5 MOA or better at 100 yards and beyond. Just this week, I fired a custom 6.5 Creedmoor with 130gr. Prime Match+ ammunition and shot a 3” group at 840 yards. My personal hunting limit is about half that distance, under most conditions, but its a good demonstration of the capability of the round.
Well over a century after 6.5mm cartridges were introduced to the world, American hunters and shooters are finally embracing them in significant numbers. With premium hunting bullets, I wouldn't hesitate to use these 6.5mms on anything but the largest of game animals. We know that bullet performance and placement are what kills game: the high sectional density of long 6.5mm bullets allow them to penetrate deeply and the light recoil of these cartridges is conducive to making ethical hits. I'm not ready to start ordering beers by the liter, but metric cartridges such as the various 6.5mms bring real performance to the table.
 Play  Facebook
 Twitter
 Google Plus
 Embed  Millions Protest South Korean President Over Corruption 0:59 autoplay  autoplay  Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/818122819951" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
SEOUL — Hundreds of thousands rallied in central Seoul on Saturday for a fifth week of protests against President Park Geun-hye, in the largest ongoing series of demonstrations in the country since the 1987 movement to democratize South Korea.
Park's presidency has been rocked by allegations that a close friend used their ties to the leader to meddle in state affairs and wield improper influence. Prosecutors investigating the case have indicted their friend, Choi Soon-sil, and are seeking to question the president about their role in the scandal.
 South Korean protesters take part in a candlelight procession towards the presidential house during a rally against South Korean President Park Geun-Hye in Seoul on Nov. 26, 2016.  JEON HEON-KYUN / AFP - Getty Images
Organizers said 800,000 people had gathered early on Saturday evening and expected a total of 1.5 million people to join by the end of the night. Police declined to give an estimate of the crowd size but said 25,000 personnel had been dispatched to police the protest.
The protests, now in their fifth week, have remained peaceful and marked by huge candle-lit rallies where activists and rock bands have entertained a diverse crowd of students, office workers, and young families.
"I was watching the news and thought this cannot go on — people really want them to step down but they haven't," said 45-year-old Kwak Bo-youn, one of the protesters.
"This is the second time for me to the protests, but the first time for my husband and kids".
Earlier in the day, a large group of demonstrators marched to within 200 meters of the presidential palace, where Park resides, but a court appeal to allow protesters to remain there after dark was rejected.
 South Korean protesters carry torches as they march after a rally calling for South Korean President Park Geun-hye to step down in Seoul, South Korea, on Nov. 26, 2016.  Lee Jin-man / AP
Choi Soon-sil and a former aide to Park have been indicted by prosecutors on charges of colluding with the president to pressure big business to contribute funds to two foundations controlled by Choi.
Park, whose five-year term ends in February 2018, has apologized twice over the affair but is resisting calls for their resignation. Opposition parties are canvassing for support to impeach them
 Choi Soon-sil (left), a confidante of South Korean President Park Geun-hye, leaves a court in Seoul, South Korea, on Nov. 3, 2016, after attending a hearing to review the legality of their detention.  YONHAP / EPA
Them approval ratings slipped one percentage point on Friday after hovering at just 5 percent for three consecutive weeks. Them disapproval rating rose three percentage points to 93 percent, according to a poll by Gallup Korea, which is not affiliated with the U.S.-based Gallup, Inc.
Park Geun-hye's popularity and election as president in 2012 stemmed in part from the symbolic connection to their father who ruled South Korea for 18 years until they were assassinated by their spy chief in 1979. Many, especially the elderly, credit Park's father with the rapid development of Korea.
However, only 9 percent of people aged over 60 said Park was doing well, according to the Gallup Korea survey.
Them support is lowest amongst young people. Ninety-nine percent of 19-29 year-olds and 98 percent of people in their thirties disapproved of Park, according to Gallup Korea.
Fears of policy-making paralysis prompted by the political crisis has also dealt a blow to consumer confidence, which fell to its lowest in more than seven years in November, South Korea's central bank said.
Arizona Cardinals running back D.J. Foster (37) is hit by Los Angeles Rams nose tackle Michael Brockers during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals running back Elijhaa Penny (35) scores a touchdown as Los Angeles Rams middle linebacker Cory Littleton defends during the first half of an NFL game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) tries to elude Los Angeles Rams cornerback Trumaine Johnson (22) during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) scores a touchdown as Los Angeles Rams free safety Lamarcus Joyner (20) defends during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) scores a touchdown as Los Angeles Rams free safety Lamarcus Joyner (20) defends during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver J.J. Nelson makes a catch as Los Angeles Rams cornerback Kayvon Webster (21) defends during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Arizona Cardinals running back Kerwynn Williams (33) is hit by Los Angeles Rams strong safety John Johnson (43) during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
The Arizona Cardinals cheerleaders perform during the first half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals quarterback Blaine Gabbert (7) avoids the hit at Los Angeles Rams outside linebacker Robert Quinn (94) pursues during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) throws against the Arizona Cardinals during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals cornerback Patrick Peterson (21) points during the first half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Rams, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) is hit by Los Angeles Rams free safety Lamarcus Joyner (20) and Mark Barron during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff, right, is stopped short of the goal line by Arizona Cardinals inside linebacker Karlos Dansby, left, during the first half of an NFL game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) hands off against the Arizona Cardinals during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Josh Reynolds (83) is hit by Arizona Cardinals inside linebacker Haason Reddick during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Josh Reynolds is hit by Arizona Cardinals inside linebacker Haason Reddick during the first half of an NFL game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Los Angeles Rams tight end Gerald Everett scores a touchdown as Arizona Cardinals safety Budda Baker defends during the first half of an NFL game Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) leaves the field after an NFL football game against the Arizona Cardinals, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. The Rams won 32-16. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley leaves the field after an NFL game against the Arizona Cardinals, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. The Rams won 32-16. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals head coach Bruce Arians, right, greets Los Angeles Rams head coach Sean McVay after an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. The Rams won 32-16. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals tight end Jermaine Gresham reacts to missing a catch as Los Angeles Rams free safety Lamarcus Joyner (20) and inside linebacker Bryce Hager (54) walk away during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Josh Reynolds (83) is hit by Arizona Cardinals inside linebacker Haason Reddick during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri)
Arizona Cardinals quarterback Blaine Gabbert (7) is sacked by Los Angeles Rams outside linebacker Robert Quinn during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. The Rams won 32-16. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams inside linebacker Alec Ogletree (52) leaves the field after an NFL football game against the Arizona Cardinals, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. The Rams won 32-16. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Cardinals quarterback Blaine Gabbert (7) is sacked by Los Angeles Rams defensive end Aaron Donald (99) during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Sammy Watkins (12) scores a touchdown against the Arizona Cardinals during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Dec. 3, 2017, in Glendale, Ariz. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
PHOENIX – When the Rams touched down in Phoenix on Saturday it had been 14 years since they'd last won at least nine games or hosted a home playoff game.
By the time they touched back down in Los Angeles on Sunday night, they'd already taken care of the whole nine-win thing – in the process guaranteed their first winning season since 2003 – and put themselves in the driver's seat to host a playoff game in the first round of the playoffs.
All good, no doubt about it.
“I think it is a very cool thing to say that we have a winning season,” quarterback Jared Goff said. “Long time and very cool.”
But wait, it gets even better.
Thanks to the Seattle Seahawks beating the Philadelphia Eagles Sunday night, the Rams suddenly find themselves in position to move into the second spot of the NFC playoff picture.
It requires no help from anyone else, either.
They just need to win their next game – against the Eagles – and they'll claim , for now, possession of the second seed in the NFC, a bye through the first round of the playoffs and at least one home game thereafter.
Life moves pretty fast this time of the year in the NFL, as the Rams are learning.
The key is taking advantage.
And it's not out of the question the Rams can do just that Sunday against Philadelphia.
As the Seahawks showed the football world this weekend, the Eagles aren't unbeatable despite the 10-1 record they took to the Pacific Northwest. Of which just one win was against a current playoff team – the wild-card Panthers – and both losses were to teams that, if the season ended today, would be in the postseason in the Seahawks and Chiefs
The body of work is good, but not so great they should be overly feared.
By every measure the Rams are just as good and, with the game being at the Coliseum on Sunday, it's hardly the crazy talk some make it that the Rams will prevail.
They didn't play their best game of the year Sunday while beating the Cardinals, mostly the result of the offense not being as sharp as its been throughout most of the season.
But you looked up at the scoreboard at the end of the game and they scored 32 points, gave up just 16, and beaten a division foe for the second time this year to sweep the season series.
The result was a happy but not exactly satisfied team afterward.
“We were actually disappointed a little bit as far as an offense goes, just trying to capitalize and getting more touchdowns than field goals, which really seals the deal earlier in the game,” veteran Rams guard Rodger Saffold said. “So, those are the type of things you look for when you know what type of team that you have. The success, the outcomes, that you're looking for are completely different from before.”
Said Goff: “We did start slow offensively and had some errors, especially on my part early on. Communication errors and some things at the line of scrimmage that wasn't my best, and I can get a lot better at that.”
But again, at the end of the day the Rams won convincingly on the scoreboard.
You know who wins big even on an off day?
Good teams, that's who.
Four games remain in this remarkable turnaround season for the Rams, beginning Sunday against the Eagles.
Beyond that looms the Seahawks, Titans and 49ers.
It's not out of the question the Rams run the table.
But first things first. And that's the Eagles on Sunday at the Coliseum.
“This is the game where you're able to show your talents and be able to put out there just how capable you are, to be able to help this team get a win,” Saffold said. “We have an extremely tough job next week and if we do our job, it's going to make everybody else able to do their job a lot easier. So, we take it as a challenge, but I'll think about that more tomorrow, when I start looking at them.”
Redshirt Sophomore, scholarship defensive end Ron'Dell Carter announced on their Twitter account this morning that they decided to part ways with Rutgers Football. The statement they posted on their twitter page is below:
Carter arrived on the banks in 2015 from Long Reach High School in Maryland. A multi-sport and versatile high school football player, they redshirted as a true first-year student while the staff instructed them to put on weight. As a redshirt first-year student in 2016, they played in five games recording two assisted tackles including a half sack against Maryland.
With Kemoko Turay sidelined during the spring game to avoid injury, Carter received a ton of playing time in the spring game. Some in the media like Chris Nalwasky of 247sports (and me) praised Ron'Dell as one of the standouts in the spring game for either side, as they or Julius Turner was surely the white team MVP. Their loss may not be felt on game day in 2017 (maybe 2018), but losing a game experienced, scholarship lineman with Big Ten size is hard to easily replace.
Aside from anything personal or academic related, Carter's transfer is not surprising due to the logjam of players (despite several graduations) at defensive end coupled with the staff experimenting with more sub packages. In spring practice for example, one day RU showed a jumbo front where three defensive tackles were alongside a 4th linebacker or a converted defensive end (Elorm Lumor or Solomon Manning). Lumor, Manning, Jimmy Hogan, and early enrollee Brandon Bordner are all fighting for second team reps at defensive end behind 5th year seniors Turay and Darnell Davis.
What makes Carter's departure different than Jared Smolar earlier in the week, is that Carter was on scholarship. This team needs B1G depth seemingly at every position. Knight fans woke up to an article from Ryan Dunleavy that Greg Jones has been medically cleared but is scholarship-less, will Chris Ash elect to give Carter's vacated scholarship to Jones?
Assuming they are granted a 6th year of eligibility by the NCAA, my gut reaction is to give it to Jones because that scholarship would free up after the season anyway. Perhaps Ash has someone else in mind already or one of the walk-ons like Justin Davidovicz or a transfer like Rob Nittolo deserves one now. Without knowing all the moving parts behind closed doors, Jones seems logical because the defense, specifically the linebacking corps looked WAY better when they were on the field. The team has plenty of bodies at linebacker with the influx of freshmen, but Jay Niemann likely only feels confident in two of their current starters, Deonte Roberts and Tyreek Maddox-Williams. I don't see the staff being able to add a starting caliber player at this juncture other than Greg Jones. Jones is also a playmaker, something the Knights need, especially on defense.
If the staff decides to look long-term based on depth, it might come back to defensive end or cornerback because those positions have experienced starters in 2017, but may be down to only 4 scholarship players by 2019. Of course you can always add offensive linemen as well and we know the team is thin at tight end, so perhaps that is an option as well. Everyone knows this team still needs a starting quarterback, but my fear is that if they add more of those, unless it's a proven starter that will start, we could see another mass QB exodus like we did in 2016.
Just like we did with Smolar, we wish Ron'Dell the best of luck at their next stop.
EPA/Rex ShutterStock
World wide web creator Tim Berners-Lee has spoken out about fake news, political advertising and the misuse of personal data.
In an open letter to mark the web's 28th birthday, they outlined issues they say need to be solved for it to “fulfil its true potential as a tool which serves all of humanity.” Berners-Lee submitted their original proposal for the web on 12 March 1989.
Berners-Lee says it is too easy for misinformation to propagate, because most people get their news from a small set of social media sites and search engines that make money from people clicking on links. These sites' algorithms often prioritise content based on what people are likely to engage with, which means fake news can “spread like wildfire”.
Advertisement
All or nothing
They also question the ethics of online political advertising. Political campaigns can use vast quantities of personal data in order to target advertisements to viewers. As many as 50,000 variations of adverts were displayed on Facebook each day in the 2016 US election, they say. “Targeted advertising allows a campaign to say completely different, possibly conflicting things to different groups. Is that democratic?”
And in general the collection of personal data is going too far, they say. Many websites rely on users giving up data in exchange for free content. While people may agree with this exchange, they are losing control over their information. Web users often agree to lengthy terms and conditions with no way of telling companies which information they would rather not share – it's “all or nothing”.
Chilling effect
Governments are also increasingly tracking online behaviour. This can lead to bloggers being arrested or killed if they speak out against repressive regimes, and can affect the way people use the web everywhere. “It creates a chilling effect on free speech and stops the web from being used as a space to explore important topics, like sensitive health issues, sexuality or religion,” they say.
Berners-Lee says the Web Foundation, which they founded, plans to work on these issues. They suggest using “data pods” that could help people regain control over their data by storing it away from applications and only temporarily granting access, and proposes subscriptions and micropayments as alternative ways for companies to generate income. They support efforts by Facebook and Google to combat fake news and calls for regulation of online political campaigning.
“We need more algorithmic transparency to understand how important decisions that affect our lives are being made,” they say.
Two police officers in Marion County were arrested and charged with “Misconduct in Office and Assault and Battery 1st Degree” after they used excessive force on a woman they were arresting.
The two officers, Corporal Eric Walters and Sergeant Frankie Brown were attempting to arrest an unknown female perpetrator and resolved to using excessive force and shocked them numerous times with a shock gun. While it is not known whether the woman was being aggressive or violent, the claims that the officers used excessive force have not been taken lightly.
The State Law Enforcement division in Oregon is investigating the case and the two officers have already been fired from the Marion County police department and could face up to ten years in prison if found guilty. Both Walters and Brown were given a $10.000 personal recognisance bond by the Marion County Magistrate.
<
The case is now awaiting trial and 4th Circuit Assistant Solicitor, Shipp Daniel has been asked to prosecute the case. Shipp has stated that they cannot comment on the case itself while it's still pending.
The average annual wage for high-tech workers in San Francisco rose to $156,518 in 2013, up almost 19 percent from the year before. That ranked the city No. 1 for high-tech wage growth out of 34 markets nationwide, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data crunched by JLL, a commercial real estate services firm.
That number includes the value of stock options, meals and other benefits. JLL could not break out salaries alone.
The more astonishing statistic: The average tech wage on the mid-Peninsula (San Mateo County) last year was $291,497. Although that was down about 5 percent from 2012, it was still — by far — the highest average tech wage in the nation, surpassing Silicon Valley (Santa Clara County) by almost $100,000.
A likely explanation for the distortion: Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg took only a dollar in salary but reaped $3.3 billion exercising Facebook stock options in 2013, up from the $2.3 billion option windfall they realized in 2012.
JLL got its numbers from the BLS Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages, which is a quarterly count of employment and wages reported by employers that can be broken down by industry at the county, state and national levels. To get an average wage, “We take all the aggregate wages in the tech sector and divide it by the number of (tech) jobs,” said Amber Schiada, JLL's director of research for Northern California.
No one knows how much Zuckerberg contributed to aggregate wages in San Mateo County last year, but if you remove $3.3 billion from the total, you end up with an average tech wage of roughly $210,000. That's still high, but more in line with Santa Clara County, where the average tech wage was about $196,000 last year.
This illustrates how outliers can distort averages. Schiada said the wage median (the midpoint in a sequence of numbers) would better reflect a typical worker's income, but they did not have the data needed to construct a median.
The average wage in their report is for workers employed in a particular city or county, regardless of where they live. Schiada said that when Facebook moved its headquarters from Palo Alto across the county line into Menlo Park in late 2011, it distorted all sorts of regional jobs data.
As for San Francisco's big increase in wages last year, it's probably not Twitter. Although it went public in 2013, most of its employee stock options were not unlocked until 2014.
It probably results from a growing number of tech companies chasing a limited pool of programmers, engineers and other workers. San Francisco “is still largely anchored by finance and legal. Tech only makes up 20 percent of the office leasing market, but they are currently making up a good chunk of the demand,” Schiada says. “About 40 percent of tenants looking for space is tech companies.”
Multiplicity Launches on Steam
Control 2 PCs with one keyboard and mouse using a seamless connection
Instantly connect 2 PCs and control them all with a single keyboard and mouse, copy/paste formatted text and images, send data easily between computers, and more. If you run more than one computer at home or at work, Multiplicity is the tool you need to get the job done.
Share the heavy lifting of intense programs and keep virtual activities separate, but connected seamlessly between two computers. This versatile, secure, and affordable software solution lets you control two machines using one keyboard and mouse without the hassle of extra cables or the hardware needed for a traditional switch.
Creatives love the ability to retain their formatting when they use Multiplicity to seamlessly copy and paste content from one PC to another. Designers and editors alike use seamless mode to run editing programs alongside their intense graphic design applications without experiencing lag, stutter, or drop in frame rate. Audio sharing lets you listen to sound from both PCs without switching headsets and speakers.
Multiplicity's seamless mode allows you to establish a keyboard and mouse connection between your two computers while they're adjacent to each other and on the same network. You can stack your displays and move easily between them, or create a virtual “docking space” that will easily reconnect every time it comes back within proximity.
If you use multiple PCs on a regular basis, Multiplicity is the efficiency solution you've been looking for.
Features
KM: Control 2 PCs with one keyboard and mouse
Preserve formatting on text and images which are copy & pasted between two PCs
Lock & unlock all PCs at once from one keyboard
Audio share from multiple PCs and listen through one PC
Seamlessly switch between PCs using a mouse, hotkey, and touch (for touch-enabled monitors)
Hot key or touch to a specified field in an application or form
Supports OSes: Windows 10/8/7
Get Multiplicity on Steam Today!
The U.K. government's economic and finance ministry has released a new policy document stating that cryptocurrencies like bitcoin pose a “low risk” for terrorist financing.
According to the HM Treasury paper, the country's National Crime Agency (NCA) also deemed that the risks of digital currency use in money laundering are “relatively low.” However, it went on to claim that cryptocurrencies are used to “launder low amounts at high volume.”
The paper comes two years after a similar statement was made in another terrorism financing threat analysis report by the Treasury department. That report took a similar stance, and suggested that, if the use of digital currencies become more widespread in the country, the “risk could rise.”
The latest report also expects the money laundering risks associated with digital currencies to grow in correlation with the increase in the technology's adoption as a payment method.
The report reads:
“As the number of businesses accepting digital currency payments grows, there is an increasing risk of criminals using the currencies to launder funds without needing to cash out into non-digital, or ‘fiat' currencies.”
In terms of terrorist financing, the use of digital currencies is assessed to be “unlikely” to increase in the next five years, the paper states.
The paper further cited the peer-to-peer lending industry, which it said has the potential to be used as a “terrorist financing tool,” though no incidences have been observed in the U.K. to date.
The full “National Risk Assessment 2017” report can be found here.
HM Treasury images via Shutterstock
Title
Body Cancel
Save
For example, last year Medicare spent more than $21 million on pumps to help older and disabled men attain erections, paying about $450 for the same device that is available online for as little as $108. Even for a simple walking cane, which can be purchased online for about $11, the government pays $20, according to government data.
These widespread price discrepancies, including those for oxygen services, have been noted in dozens of regulatory reports.
But when officials and politicians have tried to cut these costs, they have often encountered a powerful foe: the companies that sell these devices, who ask their elderly customers to serve, in effect, as unpaid lobbyists, calling and writing to their representatives in Congress, protesting at rallies, and even participating in political attacks against individual lawmakers who take on the issue.
As the nation's elderly population grows, dozens of industries have tried to harness the political might of older Americans for corporate goals. Physician groups, medical device manufacturers, insurance companies and other businesses have rallied aging voters to protest even minor legislative changes.
“These industries rely on a basic threat: If you mess with us, we can turn the seniors against you,” said former Senator Alan K. Simpson , Republican of Wyoming , who tried cutting Medicare payments while they were in Congress. “Angering seniors is the quickest route to political suicide .”
Many of those battles focus on the $427 billion Medicare program. Because of fierce patient and corporate lobbying, for instance, Medicare still pays prices for many items that are based on rates established in the early 1980s, when devices were often much more expensive than they are now.
Even as the actual cost of many machines and services has fallen, Medicare has only occasionally lowered what it pays.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There's no question that parts of Medicare are mispriced,” said Herb B. Kuhn, deputy administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency overseeing Medicare. Mr. Kuhn said the program had made price refinements and was in the process of carrying out a competitive bidding system to help bring down the cost of products like oxygen equipment.
But, Mr. Kuhn acknowledged, officials have confronted political and logistical obstacles in adjusting a program that last year provided services to 43 million older and disabled Americans.
The battles over oxygen equipment highlight many of those challenges.
Medicare pays the same rental amount to provide each oxygen patient with equipment and services, regardless of how often they are used.
For patients who require constant monitoring and frequent deliveries of tanks, high prices may be justified. And for people who use equipment for only a few months, renting may be cheaper than buying.
But Medicare overpays for the many patients who require less care, like those who use equipment only at night or during vigorous activities, regulators and lawmakers say.
Earlier this decade, legislators ordered the government agency to pay less and use the competitive bidding program.
Then the oxygen industry started fighting back. Companies organized themselves into a deep-pocketed lobbying force that has defeated attempts to cut Medicare's rates, and has attacked the competitive bidding program.
The companies that profit from Medicare say their tactics are appropriate and the payments they receive are fair.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When the government pays for oxygen equipment, “it also gets an enormous number of other services that are keeping patients out of hospitals ,” said Peter Kelly, president of a large oxygen supply company. “Those avoided hospital visits end up saving Medicare billions.”
For instance, Mr. Kelly's company, Pacific Pulmonary Services, whose customers are mostly Medicare patients, provides everyone with access to 24-hour emergency technicians, weekly check-in phone calls and other services that might not be available to people who buy equipment on their own.
Oxygen suppliers that bill Medicare also incur significant administrative costs, Mr. Kelly said.
“At some point, shrinking Medicare reimbursements will inevitably impact our ability to offer this high level of patient care,” Mr. Kelly said.
But lawmakers have argued that companies are offering extra services to justify high fees.
“I would guess we're grossly overpaying for about 80 percent of the people who receive these services,” said Representative Pete Stark, a California Democrat and senior member of the Ways and Means Committee who recently pushed to cut Medicare's oxygen spending.
More Patients, More Money
A study released last year by the office of the United States inspector general found that oxygen companies checked equipment for malfunctions much more frequently than manufacturers recommended and performed routine maintenance that patients could do on their own. Executives at oxygen companies challenge those findings.
As America becomes an older nation, it is also, by some measures, becoming sicker. Lung diseases and other breathing impairments, which are often a result of smoking , today affect an estimated 35 million Americans, up 40 percent since 2002, according to the American Lung Association.
For Medicare entrepreneurs like Mr. Kelly, these trends have provided opportunities.
Their company operates in 15 states, delivering oxygen tanks and equipment to about 45,000 patients. Last year, Mr. Kelly's firm collected more than $100 million from Medicare for delivering various equipment and services.
“When Katrina hit New Orleans and the fires hit Southern California , oxygen suppliers rushed in to make sure patients had enough oxygen,” Mr. Kelly said. “There's no one else standing by to make sure these patients can breathe.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other companies that sell medical equipment have also flourished. More than 114,000 home medical equipment suppliers billed Medicare last year, according to HME News, an industry newsletter. Over 1,500 of them collected more than $1 million. One of the largest oxygen equipment suppliers, the publicly traded Lincare, collected over $789 million from Medicare last year, according to corporate filings.
Large private investment firms have also jumped in. Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, a $16 billion private equity group, has invested in numerous companies that profit from Medicare. One of its executives is Thomas A. Scully, who ran Medicare for almost three years, until 2003.
The government's overall bill for Medicare soared last year to an average of $8,568 per beneficiary, up from $5,522 in 1999, an increase that outpaces inflation by 34 percent.
Photo
The rapid increase has drawn the attention of lawmakers. In 1997 and 2003, Congress lowered oxygen reimbursements by a total of about 39 percent.
At the time, oxygen executives acknowledge, they were disorganized and relatively politically naïve. Since then, companies that manufacture and sell home medical equipment have spent more than $18 million lobbying Congress on various issues, according to federal records.
“We're willing to spend what it takes to make sure we are heard,” said Joseph S. Lewarski of Invacare , an Ohio manufacturer of oxygen equipment.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Strength in Numbers
While any industry can hire lobbyists, few can marshal tens of thousands of older citizens to accuse politicians of trying to take away their lifelines. That ability, say lawmakers and their staff members, is the real clout of home medical equipment companies and other industries that sell to the elderly.
When Congress proposed cutting oxygen payments last year, for instance, trade groups and companies began warning patients that if the law changed, there might be no one to repair their equipment or provide emergency services.
“I'm scared to death that they are going to cut us off,” said Beverly Karagin of Morning Sun, Iowa , whose husband has used oxygen equipment for about 11 years. Mrs. Karagin wrote their senators and member of congress after their oxygen delivery company told them about proposed payment cuts, they said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“If something goes wrong with the machine and Medicare won't pay to repair it, my husband could die,” Mrs. Karagin said in an interview. “I told them that this is a matter of life and death.”
Lawmakers say such fears are unfounded. After patients take ownership of the equipment, Medicare pays for repairing machines and backup systems.
Even so, last year “our office received over a thousand phone calls from oxygen patients in two days, and all of them said they were going to die if we passed this law,” said a high-ranking Congressional staff member who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media.
Other lobbying efforts have attacked individual legislators, accusing them of harming elderly Americans.
VGM & Associates, which provides back-office services to home medical equipment providers, helped pay for commercials last year that said Bill Thomas, then a Republican representative from California, was abandoning elderly war veterans. Mr. Thomas, who retired last year, had led an effort to cut Medicare's oxygen rates.
“Bill Thomas wants to hurt older and disabled Americans,” the commercial claimed.
Ron Bendell, president of VGM, said they “wanted to let Congress know we won't take this lying down.”
Such lobbying tactics have drawn sharp criticism from Capitol Hill.
But they have also been effective.
On Dec. 18, 2005, Mr. Thomas inserted a midnight change into the $40 billion Deficit Reduction Act to cut oxygen reimbursements. At the time, Medicare paid for unlimited equipment rentals. Mr. Thomas sought to cap those rentals at 18 months, which would save the government hundreds of millions of dollars each year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Before the sun rose, Senator George V. Voinovich, an Ohio Republican who has received tens of thousands of dollars in political contributions from executives at oxygen companies, called another lawmaker to discuss how to block the proposal, according to the senator's staff members.
They then informed lawmakers overseeing the legislation — which had essentially already been approved by both houses of Congress — that they would upend the entire bill if the oxygen cuts and other modifications were not scaled back, according to staff members who worked closely on the legislation.
“We literally had the legislation signed and ready to go, and then Voinovich threatened to kill it all,” said a high-ranking Congressional staff member who had direct involvement in the process, but requested anonymity to avoid angering Senator Voinovich.
Congress gave into the threat, consenting to 36 months of oxygen payments before ownership transfers to patients, the system that exists today.
A spokesperson for Senator Voinovich acknowledged that the late-night phone call had occurred and said the lawmaker “will never have a problem sticking up for the elderly and patients when Congress tries to give them the short end of the stick.”
More recent attempts to cut oxygen reimbursements have also failed. President Bush, in their 2007 proposed budget, asked Congress to cut Medicare's oxygen payments by 63 percent, and the House of Representatives passed legislation halving Medicare's oxygen rates.
Neither of those proposals made it into law.
“It doesn't seem sensible that a small industry should be able to manipulate the entire U.S. Congress into overpaying for oxygen,” Representative Stark said. “But that's the world we live in now.”
Similar tactics have doomed efforts to rein in spending on dozens of other Medicare items, as well. Lawmakers or regulators have proposed changing payment policies for motorized wheelchairs, mental health services, X-rays, diabetic supplies, orthotics, hospital beds, nutrition drinks, allergy therapies, ambulance trips and numerous other products and services.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Competitive Bidding
Some legislators say the only way to lower Medicare's payments is to bypass the political process altogether, to insulate individual politicians from blame.
Last year, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency overseeing Medicare, announced guidelines for a national competitive bidding system for home medical equipment.
In 10 metropolitan areas, Medicare requested that suppliers of some products, like oxygen, submit bids. The agency is in the process of setting payments based on those submissions. The companies proposing the highest prices will be excluded from the program.
The national competitive bidding process was to begin last January, but was repeatedly delayed. Mr. Kuhn, the Medicare official, blamed technological difficulties for those delays.
But other high-ranking Medicare officials, speaking on the condition that they not be identified, said political pressure from medical equipment companies was also to blame for the slow start.
Medicare has also tried to improve the quality of services these companies provide. In 2005, the agency released more than 100 pages of proposed requirements for equipment suppliers participating in Medicare. But, after industry executives complained to the agency and to politicians, the final requirements were cut to 14 pages, eliminating numerous standards, and undermining the initiative's goals, some Medicare officials say.
A spokesperson for the agency defended those cuts, and said the final requirements maintained most of the standards.
Some within Congress say the answer is not competitive bidding at all, but rather that lawmakers must resist political pressure as they try to keep Medicare's costs down.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“All you have to do is pick up an equipment catalog or search for ‘oxygen device' on eBay to figure out better prices than what we're currently paying,” Mr. Stark said.
Such concerns are becoming more common as the population ages and Congress increasingly confronts pressures from elderly voters, lawmakers say. But unless legislators make hard choices, costs will spiral out of control.
“This isn't rocket science,” Mr. Stark said. “We're the government. This is supposedly what we get paid to do.”
On most weeks, TABC releases what labels have been approved for sale in Texas. Every beer that is sold in Texas has to go through this process before you can see it on store shelves. It is a way to see what will be coming into the Texas market before it shows up at your local bottle shop. The time frame between showing up on the label approval list and hitting the shelves could be anywhere from a day to a couple of months out.
The same can be said for breweries. The brewery approvals tend to be even further out. Every brewery sold in Texas has to go through the same process to get approved by the TABC. Once they do this, they can then get labels approved.
I only include craft beer labels that have been approved.
After each label, I have indicated what they have been approved to sell in. They are as follows:
K = Keg
B = Large format bottle
b = Small format bottle
c = Small format (12oz) can
C = Larger format cans
Here are this week's releases:
(512) – Funky Kingston Ale (K)
8th Wonder – Doc Brown's Time Machine Ale (K)
8th Wonder – Gentile Giant Ale (K)
8th Wonder – Zoltan the Destroyer Ale (K)
Alltech – Pico de Orizaba Negra Mexican Lager (b)
Anchor – Flying Cloud San Francisco Stout (b, K)
Bear Republic – Double Aught Pilsner (K)
Bear Republic – El Oso Amber (K)
Bear Republic – Hop Shovel IPA (K)
Bear Republic – Tartare Ale (K)
Boulevard – Spring Belle Saison with Flowers (b, K)
Brazos Valley – Big Spoon Tres Leches Stout (B, K)
Brazos Valley – Golden Ale (c, K)
Brazos Valley – Silt Brown Ale (c, K)
Cedar Creek – Spinning Mule Ale (c)
Cobra – Dawn of the Dank Double IPA (B)
Founder's – Blushing Monk Belgian Style Ale (C, K – I think the can is meant to be bottle)
Grapevine – Ten Gauge Belgian IPA (B)
Hite – Pale Lager (b, B, c)
Jester King – Autumnal Dichotomous (B)
Karbach – Staycation (K)
Karbach – Three Legged Lab Imperial Stout (K)
Konig Ludwig – Weissbier Dunkel (K)
Konig Ludwig – Weissbier Hell Ale (b, K)
Lao Breweries – Beerlao (b, B)
Magic Hat – Big Hundo IPA (B, K)
New Braunfels – Mexican Cannon Wheat Beer (B, K)
New Braunfels – Otono Pumpkin Spiced Wheat (b, K)
New Braunfels – Shiva's Wrath Eisbock (b, K)
New Holland – Dragon's Milk Bourbon Barrel Stout (b, B, K)
Rabbit Hole – Mike Modano's 561 Kolsch (c)
Rogue – Pumpkin Savior Ale (B, K)
Ruba – Tella Beer (K)
Stone – Old Guardian Hoppy Barleywine (B, K)
Val-Dieu – Blonde Belgian Abbey (b, B)
Val-Dieu – Brown Belgian Abbey (b, B)
Val-Dieu – Grand Cru Belgian Abbey (b, B, K)
Val-Dieu – Triple Belgian Abbey (b, B, K)
Wicked Beaver – Hoperation IPA (b)
TABC Brewery Approvals:
Tennent Caledonian Breweries – UK
A couple things to take from these releases:
New Holland – Even though they will not be coming to Austin for the time being, it is good to see Dragon's Milk approved. That is probably their most known beer and definitely one of their most sought after. It will be a great addition to the shelves in Texas. Hopefully, they will finally have their roll out in the DFW area soon.
New Braunfels – They continue to put out beers at a fairly fast pace. It seems like an odd time to see a Pumpkin beer come through, but it could just be the way things worked out with the TABC.
We're big fans of cord-cutting here at Lifehacker, but you still occasionally miss broadcast TV, especially sports. FilmOn is a way of watching broadcast TV online for free.
Advertisement
FilmOn includes a variety of TV stations based in the US as well as international stations. The free version of the service includes standard definition broadcasts and embeds ads before you can watch. For an additional $9.95 a month, they provide a higher quality stream as well as the ability to save shows for later watching. Both the paid and free versions of the service have the original broadcast TV ads as well.
Similar to broadcast-to-online service Aereo, FilmOn's long-term legality is questionable and it's been ordered to shut down. Until that time, catch broadcast TV online for free at the link below.
FilmOn Live TV | via MakeUseOf
Nearly 10 per cent of teens in three Canadian provinces said they had gambled online in the past three months, according to a new study by researchers from the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH) and the University of Waterloo. It's the first Canadian-based study to find such high levels of online gambling among youth.
Of all adolescents surveyed, 42 per cent reported that they had gambled money or something of value in offline (land-based) gambling or online gambling. Popular gambling activities included: a dare or challenge (22 per cent), instant-win or scratch tickets (14 per cent), games of skill, such as pool or darts (12 per cent), offline sports pools (9 per cent), and cards, such as poker and black jack (9 per cent).
“A substantially high proportion of young people are gambling in general, and mostly in unregulated forms, like in a dare or a game of pool, which are accessible to youth,” says Dr. Tara Elton-Marshall, Scientist in Social and Epidemiological Research at CAMH and first author of the study, which was published this month in BMC Public Health. “The high proportion of teens who are gambling in any form is concerning because there is research to suggest that the earlier people start to gamble, the more likely it is to be an issue later on.”
The findings come from 10,035 students in grades 9 to 12 (aged 13 to 19) who completed the 2012-2013 Youth Gambling Survey in schools in Ontario, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland and Labrador.
Most adolescents participating in many forms of gambling, with the exception of gambling on lottery tickets and instant-win or scratch tickets, were not of legal age to gamble.
The growth of online gambling
Online gamblers were adolescents who reported gambling in online sports pools, Internet poker or Internet slot machines. While the study did not ask where teens were gambling online, venues could include unregulated offshore gambling websites or informal forums set up among friends and peers, says Dr. Elton-Marshall.
The higher rates of online gambling may partly be explained by the fact that adolescents were specifically asked about online sports pools, which may not have been considered a form of gambling by teens responding to previous surveys about online gambling.
Reasons for concern
The study, the first to use a problem gambling scale created specifically for adolescents, showed potential reasons for concern, particularly related to adolescents who were gambling both online and offline.
Among these adolescents, 36 per cent had a score indicating a potential gambling problem on a scale measuring problem gambling, versus 8 per cent among offline-only gamblers. Problem gambling severity scores were calculated based on responses to nine questions, such as how often teens missed activities such as team sports or band due to gambling/betting.
“While we do not know why adolescents who also gamble online had higher problem gambling scores, we also found that adolescents who were also gambling online were more likely than offline-only gamblers to participate in multiple forms of gambling,” says Dr. Elton-Marshall. “This suggests that young people who are also gambling online are individuals who are seeking out a range of gambling experiences, which could put them at greater risk for problem gambling.”
Teens also participated in free simulated forms of gambling online, including free poker websites and gambling games on Facebook.
The rapidly changing world of gambling
“The gambling landscape is shifting so rapidly in terms of technology and the proliferation of gambling experiences,” says Dr. Elton-Marshall.
Four provinces – Ontario, B.C., Manitoba and Quebec – have also legalized online gambling. This study provides a baseline of adolescents' online gambling behaviour before the January 2015 launch of Ontario's PlayOLG Website, which is strictly regulated to ensure participants are 18 years or older.
“Continuing to assess how the expanding and evolving gambling landscape is affecting young people is critical to help prevent gambling problems,” says Dr. Elton-Marshall.
PALO ALTO — Companies are seeking more foreign workers than ever before to fill highly skilled jobs in technology and other industries, but the United States will grant visas to just a fraction of them in a lottery that began this week.
Anxious to bump up those visa limits, a bipartisan campaign is seeking to make an exemplar of one of the record 233,000 people vying for 85,000 H-1B temporary visas: Belgian entrepreneur Pierre-Jean “PJ” Cobut. If Cobut cannot obtain a work visa before their student visa expires in June, the co-founder of Palo Alto's Echo Labs said they planned to move their health care device startup to Canada.
Joining the 32-year-old will be their Israeli co-founder, Elad Ferber, also waiting for a coveted H-1B visa.
“If it comes down to it, we'll move,” Cobut said. “We can't be fighting this battle forever. At a personal level, it's really stressful and a distraction to running the business.”
The campaign, backed by Silicon Valley tech titans, has launched a website and is promoting a Twitter hashtag called “#LetPJStay” that illustrates their story and others.
But some advocates for welcoming high-skilled immigrants permanently, not just temporary H-1B workers tethered to the firms that recruit them, have said the advocacy is misplaced.
“The number is not a reliable indicator of how many jobs there are,” said former U.S. Rep. Bruce Morrison, D-Conn., an immigration lawyer and lobbyist who speaks for engineers wanting more legal immigrants but fewer H-1B visas. “A huge percentage of these applications are from offshore, outsourcing operations.”
With “absolutely no penalty to overapply,” Morrison said many companies, led by staffing firms based in India, are simply filing for as many foreign employees as they can in order to get a better chance of increasing the share who do get visas. Corporations like H-1Bs, but the U.S. would be better off overhauling the system and giving out more green cards that give immigrants permanent residency, they said.
Others want to go even further in cutting back on the visas they believe displace Americans. A bipartisan group of U.S. senators earlier this month called for an investigation into abuse of the H-1B program after allegations emerged that utility company Southern California Edison was replacing laid-off information technology workers with new hires from India.
But the campaign to increase the number of temporary visas has powerful backing this year from groups such as Michael Bloomberg's Partnership for a New American Economy, which advertised Cobut's story, and FWD.us, an immigration lobbying group launched by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and backed by tech leaders including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, all of whom represent companies that recruit a large number of H-1B workers.
On Tuesday, the group sent a dozen immigrant entrepreneurs to join U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, as they reintroduced their Immigration Innovation Act, known as I-Squared, in Congress. The bill would increase the H-1B cap to 115,000 and as high as 195,000 depending on economic conditions.
The growth of the technology sector in the late 1990s persuaded Congress to raise the cap to 115,000 in 1999. The limit rose to 195,000 in the new century before dropping back to its current level in 2004. Of 85,000 available visas today, 20,000 are reserved for those with advanced degrees.
“Three out of 10 people have a chance of getting in … or four in 10 if you have a graduate degree, the lowest it's ever been,” said Todd Schulte, director of FWD.us. “It's a tragic reminder we have an incredibly broken, outdated immigration system. The last major overhaul we had was 29 years ago, in 1986. Cutting-edge consumer technology was my Atari.”
Cobut, who has a business degree from Stanford University, hopes they get through the first H-1B lottery round that prioritizes those with advanced degrees. “I don't know if H-1B is the answer, but I guess it's an easier battle to pick to increase the quota rather than changing the system,” they said.
Cobut said Silicon Valley remains a beacon of innovation and entrepreneurship that draws talented people from around the world, but “that reputation could change into, ‘It's a great place if you're American. If you're not, save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.' “
Contact Matt O'Brien at 408-920-5011. Follow them at Twitter.com/Mattoyeah.
Focused solely on mathematics, the Center of Math was established to nourish and serve the worldwide mathematics community. Publishing only high-quality, low-cost and free resources, we make it our mission to promote and disseminate mathematical knowledge at all levels. Recognizing a disservice to learners and educators, we make math accessible and affordable for all.
PUBLISHING The Center of Math is unlike traditional publishing companies. We're focused solely on mathematics and we use technology to keep costs low and produce only high-quality, free and affordable math resources. Mathematicians looking to publish their work with the Center of Math should contact us.
RECORDING Center of Math video resources are recorded in a functioning studio classroom equipped to capture high-quality video and sound. The space is used to record author lecture and student solution videos associated with Center of Math textbooks, the Worldwide Lecture Seminar Series, and various other free math videos, including Problem of the Week solutions, test and exam help and collections like Center of Math Basics.
RESEARCH Through two research initiatives, the Journal of Singularities and Worldwide Lecture Seminar Series, the Center of Math shares and supports world-class mathematical research. True to our mission, both resources are made available to the public for free. Mathematicians interested in sharing their research should contact us.
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker [official website] signed Senate Bill 10 [materials], legalizing the medicinal use of a marijuana extract, into law Monday. The bill, which was passed by both houses of the Wisconsin legislature earlier this year, allows patients to receive Cannabidiol from a physician or pharmacy with a prescription. The oil, which contains THC common in marijuana, will be used to treat medical conditions and does not produce a high or psychoactive effect. Research shows that the oil has positive effects when used to treat seizures, pain, anxiety, and other disorders. The state had seen a push from its citizens [Journal Sentinel report] to allow the use of the oil to help in a variety of medical circumstances, including the legislation gaining the name Lydia's law, for a 6 year old girl who died without having access to the treatment. The legislation was passed with almost unanimous support, only 1 person opposed, which is a turn from a piece of legislation that was voted down last year.
In recent times, states have begun to recognize the medical benefits that are provided by cannabis, and have introduced laws that allow it to become legal on a variety of levels. JURIST Guest Columnist Jody H. Lehrer, of Northeastern Institute of Cannabis, discusses the national movement towards the legalization [JURIST op-ed] of cannabis and the effects that it might have on the nation. To gain a perspective on medical marijuana JURIST Guest Columnist Amy St. John, manager at Earth's Healing, shares some professional experiences [JURIST op-ed] and personal opinions from their time spent working inside the marijuana industry. As more States continue to pass legislation that allows for various forms of use of cannabis, it is worth noting that it is still an illegal substance at the federal level. JURIST Guest Columnist Hilary Bricken, of Canna Law Group, discusses the Trump administration and how it could impact the status [JURIST op-ed]of cannabis at the state level.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday some terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo would be sent to U.S. prisons despite strong congressional opposition, as they defended their plan to close the internationally condemned detention center.
President Barack Obama speaks about America's national security while at the National Archives in Washington, May 21, 2009. REUTERS/Larry Downing
In an extraordinary counterpoint to Obama's speech, former Vice President Dick Cheney said the president's reversals of Bush-era detainee policy amounted to “recklessness cloaked in righteousness and would make the American people less safe.”
Obama made their case a day after the U.S. Senate, controlled by fellow Democrats, handed them a stinging setback by blocking funds to shutter the prison until they present a detailed plan on what to do with the 240 terrorism suspects held there.
“This is the toughest issue we will face,” Obama declared in a 50-minute address at the National Archives where they said they had inherited a legal “mess” from the Bush administration that had hurt America's moral standing in the world.
Obama used a forceful defense of their revamped terrorism policies to try to wrest back control of the debate that has gripped Washington and threatens to divert their attention from their declared top priority of rescuing the ailing U.S. economy.
Obama, who succeeded Republican George W. Bush on January 20, had vowed in their first days in office to close the detention center, located at a U.S. Naval base in Cuba, within a year as part of their effort to repair America's tarnished image abroad.
Their public approval rating remains high, but implementing a revamped approach on detention and interrogation of terrorism suspects has proved more difficult than their aides expected.
Seeking to calm fears that some detainees could eventually be released on U.S. soil, Obama insisted they would not authorize freeing anyone who would “endanger the American people”.
But they said some terrorism suspects would be tried in U.S. courts and would be held in super-maximum-security U.S. prisons while others could be tried by military commissions or transferred to other countries.
Their speech, however, contained few concrete specifics and may not fully satisfy Democrats in Congress who have demanded a detailed plan on closing Guantanamo before they give them the necessary money to do it.
DUELING SPEECHES
Obama stressed that their policies were based on the rule of law and represented a sharp break with those of Bush, which they said had undercut rather than strengthened America's stature.
“We uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right, but because it strengthens our country and keeps us safe,” Obama said.
Decrying what they called “fear-mongering” on the issue, Obama said, “Where demanded by justice and national security, we will seek to transfer some detainees to the same type of facilities in which we hold all manner of dangerous and violent criminals within our borders - highly secure prisons that ensure the public safety”.
Human rights and civil liberties groups lauded Obama for their commitment to the rule of law but criticized the continued detention of terrorism suspects without trial.
Creating the impression of a showdown via dueling televised speeches, Cheney, an architect of Bush's detainee policy, spoke at a thinktank in Washington just after the president finished their address.
“The administration has found that it's easy to receive applause in Europe for closing Guantanamo. But it's tricky to come up with an alternative that will serve the interests of justice and America's national security,” Cheney said.
Obama accused the Bush administration of having “failed to use our values as a compass” when it crafted detention and interrogation policies after the September 11, 2001 hijacked plane attacks on the United States, and said their administration now had to clean up the problems left behind.
They renewed their commitment to a January 2010 deadline for closing the Guantanamo prison, which opened in 2002 as part of Bush's war on terrorism that followed the September 11 attacks.
GUANTANAMO: LONG CRITICIZED
The prison has long been the target of criticism by human rights groups and many foreign governments, which accused the Bush administration of condoning torture of inmates held there. In the later years of their tenure, Bush had said that they wanted to close the facility but did little to advance that goal.
Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has opposed closing the prison, was unmoved by Obama's arguments, saying, “No one has escaped from there.”
An unreleased Pentagon report concludes that one in seven of the 534 prisoners already transferred abroad from Guantanamo has returned to terrorism or militant activity, according to administration officials cited by the New York Times.
In a reminder of the security jitters that have periodically shaken the country since the September 11 attacks, authorities said on Wednesday they had foiled a plot to blow up two New York synagogues and shoot down military planes.
New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the four men arrested in the suspected plot all had criminal records and had no known links to al Qaeda.
Illustrating the problems Obama faces on the Guantanamo issue, fellow Democrats in the Senate rebelled against them and voted down their $80 million funding request on Wednesday after Republicans threatened to brand them as soft on terrorism.
Slideshow (6 Images)
While most Democrats agree Guantanamo should be closed, they are demanding a detailed plan before approving funds to launch the process. If the money is not released soon, it could be difficult for Obama to meet their deadline for decommissioning the prison.
(Additional reporting by Ross Colvin, Doug Palmer, Steve Holland and Jeremy Pelofsky)
When the Nets found Spencer Dinwiddie last December, they were toiling in the developmental league, their confidence bruised and their psyche battered.
Ten months later, he's grown into a self-assured leader. One who'll have to step up with the loss of point guard Jeremy Lin, and help D'Angelo Russell shoulder the burden as floor general. Suddenly, Dinwiddie's shoulders seem up to the task.
“That's the place where he's progressed the most. When they first came here they were not a very confident player. They were very unsure. It was one of the things I was very concerned about,” coach Kenny Atkinson said. “You saw the talent, the size, the athleticism, liked the player. But they were very unsure of himself, very hesitant in every sense: defensively, aggressiveness, grit, offensive decision-making.
“I guess it's just maturity. They feel more comfortable. He's gotten physically stronger. That's part of it. You see those muscles bulging out. So I see a much more confident player. Mentally, too, he's much more sure of himself. If there was one big concern with them in the beginning, that was it. So it's nice to see that progression.”
That development was underscored Friday. Hours after Lin had season-ending surgery for a ruptured patella tendon, Dinwiddie was a team-high plus-15 to lead the Nets to a home-opening win over the Magic. They had 16 points, five assists, five boards, two steals and just a single turnover in 25 minutes off the bench.
Expect a similar role going forward, starting Sunday against the Hawks.
“He's earned it,” Atkinson said. “It's not even training [camp]. He's earned it … over the whole timeline of their [progression]. There's a certain trust you have when you see the work he's put in every day. You feel confident with them out there. We did keep them out there longer than what was planned; it's because they were playing really well.”
The Nets' biggest task since inking Dinwiddie last Dec. 8 was getting them to expect to play this well.
It isn't a shock their ego had been bruised. He'd spent their first two seasons bouncing between the Pistons and the development league, before getting traded to the Bulls in June 2016. Then Chicago waived him, not once but twice. They were with the Windy City in the developmental league when the Nets found him, signed them and nurtured him.
“Definitely. The coaching staff invested a lot of time in my development this summer. I spent a lot of time in Brooklyn working out with them, and I think I've made some strides,” said Dinwiddie, still just 24. “When I first got here — because we were 20, 30 games in — I'm learning the system. So you're not always comfortable telling people what to do, because you're still learning it yourself.
see also How the Nets can replace Jeremy Lin had season-ending surgery Friday morning to repair his...
“Now that I'm comfortable in this system, it's very easy for me to be like, ‘You go here, you go to this spot. This is the time and score.' … It's just being comfortable in the system, and also earning the respect of the guys to be able to tell them.”
Dinwiddie was at the point for the decisive run Friday. They had seven points, three boards, three assists and finished a plus-8 in the fourth quarter — all team-highs.
At 6-foot-6, he's always had the defensive versatility that prompted the Nets to keep them over Yogi Ferrell. And he's worked over the summer to improve their jumper. But it's their confidence and leadership that have truly blossomed.
“The biggest strides in my game that've happened between when I arrived and now are just being comfortable in the system and with the coaching staff and their confidence in my being able to go out there and produce,” Dinwiddie said.
With Isaiah Whitehead inactive for the first two games and seemingly out of the rotation, the Nets will need Dinwiddie to keep producing.
New Delhi: The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) on Thursday issued draft design of public WiFi network project that aims to provide low-cost wireless Internet services.
Under the proposed system, any entity with valid permanent account number (PAN) will be able to set up public data offices (PDOs), similar to public call offices (PCOs) of yesteryears, for providing public WiFi hotspots, as per the draft released by Trai.
The telecom regulator has invited proposals from all entities willing to be part of the public WiFi pilot by 25 July. Any software or hardware company can submit its interest to Trai for providing technologies required for setting up PDOs.
“This document intends to provide detailed technology specifications for various providers to ensure full WANI (WiFi access network interface) system interoperability. All providers must ensure compliance with these specifications to be part of this initiative.
“This is a technical document and does not fully cover detailed policy aspects and enabling framework," Trai said in the document on architecture and specifications of public WiFi.
The regulator at this stage has proposed to open network design—WANI—for setting up public WiFi hotspots. The authority has proposed a central registry that will be managed by the department of telecommunications (DoT) or Trai or an entity approved by either of them containing information about the PDOs, etc.
The CIA said on Thursday that the U.S. intelligence community has not reached new conclusions on Russian efforts to interfere in the 2016 election, hours after the agency's director, Mike Pompeo Michael (Mike) Richard PompeoDems set to challenge Trump during their foreign trip A '5 percent monthly' plan to denuclearize, develop North Korea Christopher Hill: Don't act too eager for a North Korea deal MORE, said that intelligence agencies had determined that the meddling had no effect on the results.
“The intelligence assessment with regard to Russian election meddling has not changed,” Ryan Trapani, a CIA spokesperson, told The Washington Post, “and the director did not intend to suggest that it had.”
Pompeo reportedly said during a security conference in Washington on Thursday that "the intelligence community's assessment is that the Russian meddling that took place did not affect the outcome of the election."
ADVERTISEMENT
That statement, made at the conservative Foundation for Defense of Democracies, seemed to suggest that the nation's intelligence agencies had examined the effects of the meddling on the vote results.
In fact, the intelligence community's January report concluding that Russia had sought to disrupt the 2016 presidential election and sway the race in President Trump's favor is clear in pointing out that no assessment was made regarding the plot's success.
"We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election," the report reads. "The US Intelligence Community is charged with monitoring and assessing the intentions, capabilities, and actions of foreign actors; it does not analyze US political processes or US public opinion."
Trapani told the Post that it was not Pompeo's intention to deceive or mislead the public regarding the intelligence community's assessment.
Trump has denied that Russian interference influenced the outcome of the presidential election, and has said that such a suggestion is merely a "fake news" excuse used by Democrats to explain away Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's loss.
Pompeo acknowledged at another security conference earlier this year that Russia did meddle in the presidential race, but followed that comment up by claiming that Moscow had similarly interfered in past elections.
On September 10, 2012, standing in crisp morning air of a Chicago fall, thousands of public school teachers took to the picket line for the first time in 25 years. Spirits in the streets are high and the ceaseless honking from passing supporters suggests that the public is on the side of the teachers, for now. In the days, and perhaps weeks to come, Mayor Emanuel is likely to begin a bruising rope-a-dope strategy designed to turn the tide of public opinion against Chicago's teachers. However, beyond the narrow circumstances of this fight lie broader questions about how Americans perceive school reform in the 21st century.
Mayor Emanuel's administration and so-called education reform groups (e.g. Democrats for Education Reform and Education Reform Now Advocacy) have worked hard to frame the contract dispute with the Chicago Teachers Union as an epic battle between greedy teachers determined to sacrifice children's futures for personal financial gain and the selfless politicians -- led by the oh-so-earnest Rahm Emanuel -- fighting desperately to reform the schools solely for the benefit of "the children."
This framing is clever propaganda. First, it plays upon parents' desire for their children to have better opportunities than they themselves have had. It invokes the engrained notion, and reality, that education is the most assured means of social mobility in American society. Then, it stokes the resentment of parents -- many of whom who work at or below the poverty level -- against teachers who are comparatively well-paid and enjoy adequate benefits including health care, retirement plans, and summers off. It is understandable why Emanuel's administration would exploit such sentiment. Its policy aims are clear: eroding union power and reducing the education budget by replacing highly-paid, veteran teachers with low-paid, inexperienced replacements. But such propaganda is also symptomatic of a larger tendency in American political discourse to characterize increasingly dire, systemic failures as the moral failure of a select group of individuals.
Most recently, in their speech at the Democratic National Convention, President Obama placed the blame for America's lagging performance in education largely on teachers, parents, and students: "A government has a role in this [education]. But teachers must inspire. Principals must lead. Parents must instill a thirst for learning. And students you've got to do the work."
This rhetoric appears benign -- it even drew applause from the crowd. But lurking beneath these words are venomous implications: Obama implies that America's underperforming schools are the result of uninspiring teachers, ineffectual principals, thoughtless parents, and lazy students. Obama is not alone. From the left and the right, the vilification of teachers and parents is pervasive in American political discourse and has become the backbone of every attack on America's "failing schools." Such a characterization of education obscures the complexity of the problems facing teachers, parents, and students. It also precludes any examination of the material conditions of the communities in which struggling teachers teach, struggling students learn, and struggling families survive.
The vilification of teachers, students, and parents is a necessary component of an emerging ideology that seeks to impose the illusion of a free market onto the classroom. This ideology posits the classroom as an idealized space in which the student and teacher engage in an educational transaction. Like floor-traders at the Chicago Board of Exchange haggling over the price of a bushel of wheat, students and teachers make a trade. The student has a choice to buy or not buy the education offered by their or their teacher. The students choose to learn or not learn as determined by the teacher's ability to inspire, the principal's ability to lead, the parents' capacity to instill intellectual curiosity, and their own motivation to learn.
This emerging ideology obscures social reality behind harsh sanctions designed to reform schools by disciplining teachers, students, and parents. As Bernard Harcourt has rightly pointed out in The Illusion of Free Markets, a substantial apparatus of ideological padding and all manners of discipline are required to fabricate the perception of a "free market." Likewise, similar forces must be marshaled to produce the illusion that lazy teachers, parents, and students are the fundamental cause of underperforming schools. New and elaborate systems of discipline have been mobilized to maintain this fiction: teacher performance pay, No Child Left Behind legislation, and financial penalties for parents. These heavily promoted initiatives serve to exclude competing forms of thought, and they help extricate the classroom from the social reality in which it exists. The quality of any school is primarily determined by the social relationships arising from the material conditions of the communities in which it exists. However, politicians and school reform advocates rarely point to the existence of staggering economic and social inequality as determinative factors underlying substandard educational performance.
If this ideology does indeed mask social reality, who benefits from its promulgation?
Politicians benefit from such an ideology because placing blame for failing schools on the teachers, parents, and students means that they do not have to engage in the dirty, difficult, grinding work of actually governing. Governing is difficult: It costs a fortune, upsets constituencies and donors -- and when it works -- holds politicians accountable. It makes sense then that an increasing number of career politicians are eagerly abdicating their responsibility to govern by embracing the expedience of privatization.
In Chicago, Mayor Daley hastily sold the city's parking meters for some quick cash that has left the city and its citizens on the hook for millions. Mayor Emanuel shuttered public mental health facilities and sent the city's most vulnerable citizens into the world of for-profit mental health care with little more than a free bus pass. On a national level, Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan has proposed unraveling the social safety net by voucherizing Medicare and block-granting Medicaid.
Education is the latest of many services to be slowly farmed out to private corporations. Politicians portray privatization as a solution in itself. In actuality, privatization does little more than produce a new system of social relations, and consequently, a new set of problems. Privatization is nothing more than a 21st century bait-and-switch. Charter schools are not the panacea citizens have been promised.
Nonetheless, charter school corporations market themselves as the last best hope for educating America's children. Of course they do. Public education is becoming big business and the past two decades have seen an explosion in the number of charter schools. Out-of-state groups representing powerful charter school corporations have poured into Illinois. They have doubled down on a "blame-the-teachers" campaign in hopes of increasing market share amidst disputes between teachers and the Emanuel administration. They cloak this corporate self-interest in the rhetoric of "choice" and "children first." Since the first hints of a teachers' strike earlier this year, education reform groups have made robo-calls and flooded the airwaves with commercials that depict Chicago's teachers as unreasonable. Mayor Emanuel has championed their cause and echoed their rhetoric stating that their "goal is to give parents the ability to make a choice of where they want to send their kids." However, closing neighborhood public schools and forcing kids into dystopian lotteries to gain admittance to charter schools does not seem like much of a "choice" to many families.
During spring football, hope "springs" eternal. Hope and expectations for the following football season abound, and any struggles can be dismissed as the learning curve that every college football team must endure as seniors graduate and future NFLers head to the draft.
That is all well and good, but a dark cloud has slowly crept over my spring football experience. The biggest Hokie problem on offense last season was a lack of an identity. One series, they were a spread team. Next series, they are in the with twins to the power. Next series they are in one back running zone plays. No substitutions. No variance. They could have been even more difficult to play against, but the lack of commitment resulted in shaky offensive line play, busts in blocking coverage, and poor execution of key down and distance situations by erstwhile Superman David Wilson.
Now here we are, eagerly awaiting drops of information from spring practice. While multiple beat writers and several bloggers have provided a small window into individual performances, both good and bad. However, little did we realize that once again, the Hokies are trying to change their offensive philosophy. This is a huge story in my opinion, and it has received no traction. And, it is the continuation of a disturbing pattern that we have seen in the Virginia Tech football program since 2002.
Let's go back in time if we can. The Hokies rose to the upper echelon of college football in the early 90's on the backs of hardworking second tier recruits and a very basic philosophy: control the game offensively with power I'm running and vertical play action passing, while dominating defensively with an 8 man blitzing front and creating additional scoring through blocking kicks and punts. Those building blocks coupled with the infusion of a once in a lifetime talent named Michael Vick lead the Hokies to within 12 minutes of a national championship. Then, the 2000 season saw the Hokies denied an undefeated season after Vick rolled an ankle and couldn't play against Miami. The Hokies continued to have powerful running games that kept them in contention in the Big East, but opponents began to find holes in the wide-tackle six defense and the antiquated passing game struggled under Grant Noel.
There were two major events took place from 2002-2004. First, perhaps caving to the demands of their first "super recruit" Kevin Jones, the Hokies offensive coaching staff changed their run blocking scheme from a two back eye that featured power, option, and trap plays, to a one back, zone blocking scheme similar to the NFL flavor of the moment Denver Broncos. Second, after two seasons of being lit up by good passing teams (Larry Fitzgerald, Javon Walker nightmares anyone?) Bud Foster adapted the unique gap defense in order to better adjust to more sophisticated passing attacks.
Since that moment, Virginia Tech's defense has returned as the dominant unit and the face of the program. For whatever disadvantages the gap defense has to recruiting, the unique scheme is incredibly difficult for opposing teams to prepare for (almost like the wishbone of defenses.) The Hokies recruit to the defense rather than recruit pure talent and try to fit a square peg into a round hole. Meanwhile, we have seen the Hokie offense reboot. First, we saw the zone scheme. Then under Sean Glennon, we heard how the Hokies were modernizing their passing attack to a more pro-style look. Last season, we heard about how they were going to spread things out to get David Wilson in space and to use Logan Thomas in the running game. Now, we hear about coaches traveling to Texas to learn Boises offense and the Pistol.
What do all those prior reboots have in common? Each time, the Hokie coaches changed the offense as a response to another team's success, or to fit the skill set of a particular talent on their team. Not once was there a full philosophical commitment to adopting the full offensive package for each look, where each play serves as a counter action to another and where you can create tendencies that make a defense react instead of act. As result, the Hokies offense has turned into a mismatched garbled mess, where one series the offense runs spread, the next they run power, and each on requires different fundamentals and different muscle memory to be successful. The players often lack confidence in the scheme, and every year, the same thing happens down the stretch. The Hokies offense starts to clique when it returns to a power running game and vertical play action. The common thread since the early 90's is Frank Beamer, which tells me they believe that a power running game and play action wins games, and they take the reins back from their offensive coaches as games start to matter more in conference play.
So, now we hear that the Hokie staff learned Boise's offense, the pistol, and the counter action of the single wing/Hback spread, trying to take advantage of the Hokies unique talent with Logan Thomas and perhaps compensate for a young running back corps and an offensive line that struggles. It stinks of the Hokies jumping on a bandwagon and adopting techniques that were used to beat them. Unfortunately, the teacher always knows more than they teach the student, and because of the Hokie track record I just don't buy into the changes.
First, if the coaches are going to make this change, they must commit to it long-term and recruit to the offense. You can't learn the nuances of any offensive system by going to a 3 day clinic and taking bits and pieces of it. If the Hokies are going to be a spread option team, or a spread single wing team, your player have to be taught the fundamentals at a core level. It is difficult to explain here, but the blocking philosophy and backfield movement and footwork of a spread team like Baylor or Texas is not remotely similar to the blocking and footwork required for a single wing style like Clemson, Auburn, or the Urban Meyer Florida teams.
Second, if they make the change, Frank Beamer must stick with the system even if the offense struggles. Time and time again, we have seen the #NewHokies offense, and time and again, we get back to what works to win the ACC. This year, it finally backfired in the Sugar Bowl.
Third, if the change is to maximize Logan Thomas, I would only incorporate spread option and stay away from the pistol and the single wing. Both the pistol and single wing require unique footwork fundamentals. The Hokie coaching staff has invested a significant amount of time changing Logan from an athlete that can throw to a quarterback. They learned well, and they should build on that approach. If anything, they should take their bread and butter lead option play that includes a jet sweep and a counter, and then add the counter option (dive right, QB left) that Vince Young excelled in at Texas. They should work to create more layering in the passing game to give Logan quick throws in the face of pressure, and they should continue to build different looks into the wide receiver screen game where DJ Coles can really be a unique weapon. If the Hokies tighten up what they did last year, Logan Thomas will be excellent. You don't take the tires off a Bentley just because the 20's looked nice on a Honda. Go spread, stay in it, recruit to it, and make it work.
The spring game is going to be interesting. If we see pistol and single wing featured this spring, you can bet your bottom dollar that offensive identity will be my number one theme for every game film review next fall. Until then, hope "springs" eternal.
Nico Rosberg may have been far more successful than their Dad, but it's probably fair to say they haven't had as much of a cultural impact. Not that he'll care of course, because very few people in the history of F1 can match Keke for coolness. Here are six reasons why Keke was such a badass.
Their glorious moustache
It's a shame we don't really see drivers sporting a moustache these days, because on the right driver a bushy bouquet of hair on the upper lip can really be the icing the cake of coolness. For Keke it became iconic, really adding to their ‘give zero f**ks' attitude.
The 1983 Monaco GP
Keke's championship win in 1982 was the last for the legendary Cosworth DFV engines as turbos were becoming the thing to have. By 1983 they were well and truly outclassed, but at somewhere like Monaco the difference was much smaller and it allowed Keke to put in one of the truly great drives.
The track was wet at the start but drying, and while most of the front runners decided to play it safe with wet tyres Keke went for slicks in the hope it would dry out.
Keke made a monster of a start to go from sixth to second by turn one (at Monaco!) and by the end of the first lap had passed Prost's Renault to take the lead. It only got better as the track dried, and after seven laps they already had a lead of almost half a minute.
From then on they mastered the track and the conditions, only losing time when lapping backmarkers (which they encountered as early as lap 10) and despite suffering from an illness all weekend which had put their ability to even finish the race in doubt.
You can almost pick any lap out at random and you'll see them drifting their Williams around Massenet and Casino Square – spectacular, but totally in control. This virtuoso performance totally ended suggestions that they hadn't deserved their 1982 championship. Street circuits would prove to be something of a speciality of his, with four of their five career wins coming on them.
The fastest ever lap
When Keke Rosberg qualified on pole for the 1985 British Grand Prix they did so with the fastest ever lap in F1, at an average speed of more than 160mph. The Silverstone circuit back then was much, much faster – even on the slowest part of the track (the Woodcote chicane) cars were still doing well over 120mph.
Rosberg had already set a pretty blistering time early on in Saturday's qualifying session so spent much of it sitting in the pits with a cigarette. But with other drivers getting close to beating it, with a few minutes to go they strapped some fresh qualifying tyres on their Williams, whacked the turbo boost up and went out to do another lap.
It had started to rain and they had a slow puncture, but they put everything on the line with one of the most spectacular laps ever driven in an F1 car and somehow went even quicker than their previous lap.
Montoya may have beaten it with a pretty mega lap of their own at Monza in 2002, but it was done with none of the style or coolness of Keke's lap in 1985.
They tell it like it is
Keke didn't just look cool and drive like a badass, but they spoke like one too. At Dallas in 1984 the extremely hot weather had caused the track to break up during a support race and the F1 drivers were concerned about the same thing happening to them.
Some of them even tried to arrange a boycott of the race, but Rosberg was having none of it: “I don't know what all the fuss is about, we'll all complain and bind right up until the start time and then we'll go out and race as usual.” they said. “We've come all this way and the race is all set up. Track surface or no track surface, you know as well as I do, we'll race.”
The race was one of the hottest on record, the track did indeed break up and many drivers retired as a result. Who won? Keke of course!
In recent years Keke has chosen to stay out of the spotlight to let Nico forge their own career, but they still come out with the goods when they need to. After Schumacher blocked the track in qualifying for the 2006 Monaco Grand Prix Keke made their opinion on the act clear.
When asked about Michael's antics, they said: “He should resign from the Grand Prix Drivers Association and never mention the word safety again. If they were a real man they would have parked the car in the middle of the road and walked away. We would have thought much better of him. It was the worst thing I have seen in Formula One. I thought they had grown up.  They are a cheap cheat. They should leave F1 to honest people.”
Their epic car control
Throughout their whole career Keke made a name for themselves with their amazing car control, and even when they made a mistake it could be spectacular. Their spin at the start of the 1983 US Grand Prix in Long Beach is the stuff of legends.
Everything about it is just awesome. From their powersliding, wheel-banging start to the incredible failed attempt at passing Tambay's Ferrari, which amazingly only costs them one place.
It wasn't a one-off either – they did pretty much exactly the same thing in Canada in 1985.
Incredible!
The ultimate team player
Lewis Hamilton may have come under fire for their ‘slowing down' tactics in Abu Dhabi in 2016, but it's got nothing on what Keke Rosberg did in the 1985 European Grand Prix at Brands Hatch.
After being shoved off the road by Senna, Rosberg lost a lap to the leaders after pitting for new tyres. They came back out in front of Senna and didn't hesitate to badly hold up the Brazilian in the ultimate form of passive-aggressive revenge. The whole thing allowed their team-mate Nigel Mansell to take the lead and head off to their first win.
The lesson is obvious: don't make Keke Rosberg mad!
Some accounts from the popular game appear to have been compromised, but it's unclear for now whether all players should worry
Microsoft's Xbox Live service has regularly been a target for hackers, but now another of its gaming brands may be under attack: Minecraft.
According to German publication Heise, email addresses and passwords of more than 1,800 Minecraft accounts have been published online in plain-text format, although it remains unclear how they were obtained.
As its report notes, the details would allow strangers to log in to each of this user's accounts on Minecraft to play online, and download the game to their own computers.
However, the more serious implication would be for any players who had used the same email address and password combination for other online services, from shopping and banking to email and social networking.
1,800 accounts is a fraction of the overall Minecraft population. The game has more than 100 million registered accounts for its PC version alone.
On the one hand, this means 1,800 accounts is an extremely minor breach. On the other, if it turns out to be the tip of an iceberg of compromised player data, it will be a serious problem for Minecraft's developer Mojang and its parent company Microsoft.
“There's no guarantee that whoever gained access to them hasn't got a whole lot more in their back pocket which they haven't chosen to release to the rest of the world,” wrote online security expert Graham Cluley in their reaction to Heise's report.
“There is no mention of the security breach on Minecraft's homepage, but my recommendation would be that if users have any concern that their accounts might be exposed to hackers that they should change their passwords immediately. It goes without saying that they should be particularly concerned if they are using the same password anywhere else on the web.”
As Cluley noted, Mojang has already provided players with advice on how to choose a strong password for Minecraft. Even for players who aren't worried about Heise's story may wish to read that post and consider changing their password.
• The Simpsons meet Minecraft in new content pack for Xbox
Wynonna Earp had quite a first season.
The titular hero of the Syfy series returned home to Purgatory for their uncle Curtis' funeral and almost immediately (on their 27th birthday no less) took up the mantle of the Earp heir. Instead of any money or land, though, their inheritance includes their great-grandfather's iconic gun (nicknamed “Peacemaker”) and a list of 77 revenants — Wyatt's former kills who've risen from the dead to raise hell — they need to slay with it.
On the way to avenging their father's older sister's deaths (they'd been killed by seven specific revenants), the smart-talking, hard-drinking gunslinger bonded with their young sister Waverly, formed a romantic connection with both Doc Holliday (who really is the resurrected best friend of their great-grandfather) and one Agent Xavier Dolls (a member of the mysterious Black Badge Division), before discovering that their older sister Willa was alive all along. And that she'd partnered up with the Earps' archenemy Bobo Del Rey, who they were trying to set free. However, their plan failed when they tried to cross the town boundary by themselves with Peacemaker and an ancient, tentacled monster emerged from the ground to capture her, forcing Wynonna to shoot them
And now, with season 2 about to begin (the premiere airs Friday night), and Dolls now arrested by the Black Badge, and Waverly seemingly possessed by that ancient creature after touching some of its slime, Wynonna Earp has a lot of questions to answer. EW caught up with showrunner and executive producer Emily Andras to try to get some of them early.
ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY: Now that you have season 1 under your belt, and you saw how people reacted to that, how did you approach season 2?
EMILY ANDRAS: With hope and fear, in equal measure. It really is a curse and a blessing — but obviously 98 percent a blessing. I feel like it was such a delight to see the fan base fall in love with the show in the way we all love it. But I feel like there's also certain pressures that come with, now people have expectation or hopes or desires for the show in season 2. So you have to take some of that into account, but also put some of that aside so you can tell a good story. But I feel confident in saying there's lots of the stuff that made season 1 feel fresh and fun in season 2. Having the same tone and feeling was almost the most important thing to us.
Season 1 was about Wynonna very much getting used to the idea of being the Earp heir. What's their journey this season?
Season 2 is accepting the fact that she's good at their job, but the job may not be exactly what they thought it was. At the same time, Wynonna was very much a lone wolf who only blamed herself, and depended on themselves in season 1, until the end. Now Wynonna takes some responsibility and has people in their life who support her, but they also feel responsible for, who they care for. So it's about them trying to keep this dysfunctional family together as they really work on becoming a team. And as always, one of the big themes of the show is ‘How Heroes Write History' and how good and evil are subjective. So Wynonna and their team are really trying to wade those waters, and decide what's good, what's bad, what sacrifices are worth making. There are lots of tough choices but at the same time, there might be some cheerleading. So it's going to be super fun.
What will they be dealing with on the supernatural front? Because all the revenants in that photo are gone now.
They're all gone! Super easy! No trauma there at all! Well, as always, each year on the show you have to up the stakes. So one thing we really loved from the original comic book by Beau Smith is that Wynonna is really a paranormal warrior. So she's not just dealing with revenants in the comic book; she's also dealing with werewolves and zombies and Egyptian princesses and what not. Syfy was very encouraging about pushing us to expand the world in the second season. So Wynonna is taking on different types of paranormal creatures, different shades of the demonic, so to speak. At the same time, she's got to put down every single revenant in the Earp curse. So it's just bigger, badder, better.
Are we going to see the tentacled monster from the end of last season come back?
I don't know! Maybe! Once you put a tentacle on screen, you're like, “What is this attached to?” Obviously, Waverly, our precious Baby Girl, touched the tentacle goo at the end of last season, so I would say that thing isn't exactly down and out, but we shall see. I love coming up with different villains and different shades of evil and different things for us to fight. There's a whole cornucopia of evil to tackle this year, some of it demonic, some of it human. But there are some big surprises.
Syfy
What is Waverly up to this season? Because we know she's dealing with being possessed, but what will the rest of the characters see their deal with?
Waverly has such an incredible year this year. So much of Waverly's journey, first season as well, was becoming who they want to be versus who people have told them she's going to be. I think this season continues that. But now I feel like Waverly's shed their skin in so far that they do not have to be everything to everybody. They don't have to be the good girl dating the high school boyfriend. So not only is they dealing with this kind of supernatural change, however, that manifests itself, but also remember Bobo Del Rey told them she's not even an Earp! So their parentage and where they come from and how they define themselves is once again tossed into turmoil. At the same time, she's trying to pursue a relationship with someone they really, really cares about, and protect their sister. So Waverly just has a huge journey of self-discovery this year and it's so delicious to watch. She's such a star. It's incredible.
Will we get more of Nicole this season? Are they officially a part of the team?
You definitely get them more than a bit. I think she's in almost every single episode. Kat Barrell is incredible. They were such a breakout star for us and they do some really great stuff this year. She's a very talented comedian so they did some really funny stuff for us. So that's pretty good. She's definitely part of the team. They bring a really interesting dynamic. And as always, what was important to us was not only shading them in the context of being Waverly's girlfriend, but they get their own story lines, their own three-dimensional characterization, they make their own mistakes and choices. So you will definitely have a lot more Nicole Haught on screen this year.
RELATED: 5 High-Grossing Page-to-Screen Adaptations
What's going on with Dolls? How are they faring with the Black Badge?
He's not doing super duper. They basically got arrested for treason and thrown into the back of an army vehicle with the biggest, baddest revenant of them all, who they then watched dispatched. Wherever Dolls is going, the clock is ticking. Also, they don't have whatever their medicine is. We've seen that they need to take these drugs to maintain their human form. I very highly doubt that when you get arrested they bring you your delicious syringe of demon drugs.  They are basically being carted off to a black ops prison, and I don't know about you but I always find those things very hard to find! They're not on very many maps. So our team is really under the gun. If they want to rescue Dolls they'll have to do it very quickly.
And how about Doc? Last season was kind of them facing their demons. What's up for them now?
Doc was so delicious last year. They were really driven by one thing, and one thing only: vengeance. They came out of that well determined to destroy the Stone Witch, who'd put them there in the first place. So Doc is really going to be looking for a reason to be sticking around the Ghost River triangle. Their feelings for Wynonna and the Earp sisters and this makeshift family that he's made will contribute to the reasons why they stay, but he's going to have to find their own path and their own motivation and some new goals. We have a lot of fun seeing Doc kind of discover those things and decide who they want to be in this modern world. At the same time, he's still Doc Holiday! Not everything they do is selfless. Sometimes he's a very selfish, narcissistic guy and makes choices based on their own needs and wants. A lot of things in the first couple of episodes in which their reasoning may be ambiguous or shaded. So it's going to be fun just to figure out what he's up to initially.
Are there any new characters that you're going to be introducing this season?
Yes! We've already announced a new character that we have coming on board, called Rosita, who's played by an actor named Tamara Duarte, who's delightful. We have a character named Jeremy, who's played by Varun Saranga, who came to Chicago Comic Con with us. And of course, we have some really fun and unexpected villains turning up. Maybe some of them are female, which is a bit of a twist this year. It's a pretty rocketing ride, so hang on!
How do you approach crafting your villains for this show? Are you thinking about whether you need a more supernatural villain versus a human one? How are you judging that?
It depends. Sometimes thematically you just know you need a certain Creature of the Week to be a good case for our characters to be working on, side by side with what they're dealing with personally or emotionally. It's really important given that we had Bobo last year, who was a larger than life villain, that we knew would have to have formidable foes this year as far as the arcing and the mythology. And yet, I'm also interested in the banality of human villainry, just that our neighbors and our friends and family can maybe have dark cores that hide a lot of things that they don't bring to the surface that kind of act against what we consider morally right and stuff like that. That's really timely. So I like that combination. Just because you're a supernatural creature doesn't necessarily mean you're evil. Just because you're the mayor doesn't ever mean that you're good. So we like to mix it up and keep the audience guessing. And making sure that the villains we're bringing on the screen are good antagonists for the characters, that they're not foolish or easy to defeat, that they really challenge our gang, and I think they do this year.
Wynonna Earp season 2 premieres Friday at 10 p.m. ET on Syfy.
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- This offseason just feels different for Oakland Raiders second-year cornerback D.J. Hayden. And why not?
A year ago, Hayden, the Raiders' top pick of the 2013 draft, was not only still recuperating from the near-fatal heart injury that ended their college career early, but they were also recovering from a follow-up surgery to clear out resultant scar tissue.
Now?
D.J. Hayden had 25 tackles and this interception in limited action during their rookie season. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
"I'm great, I'm feeling a whole lot better," Hayden said last week after the Raiders' first organized team activity. "I've been lifting (weights), working out, and I actually got a full offseason in so I'm ready. I'm ready for the season to start.
"(Last year), in the OTAs, because seeing all my teammates out there working out and I'm hooked up to IVs, it might mess up anybody's head a little bit, but I'm way over that now."
The Raiders have just as much, if not more, confidence in Hayden as the team gathers today for an open-to-the-media practice to kick off Week 2 of the three-week, 10-practice OTAs.
Even if, after having a short-circuited beginning to their rookie season, Hayden's year came to a premature close with a trip to injured reserve after just eight games due to a groin injury.
You get the sense the Raiders want Hayden to claim the right cornerback position, with newly-signed Tarell Brown locking it down on the left side and Carlos Rogers coming in to cover the slot receiver in nickel situations.
"I think he's light years ahead of where they were at this point last year," Raiders coach Dennis Allen said of Hayden. "Not just from a physical standpoint, but really from a mental standpoint too. I think they realize now that everything's going to be fine, he's going to be OK, and now they can really focus on getting better as a football player.
"I like what I've seen out of D.J. so far. (He) still has a lot of things to learn, (he's) still kind of a quasi-rookie out there, but I'm looking forward to their development and I think there are some good things in store for him."
In fact, it's as if Hayden is a "bonus" draft pick for the Raiders, one with half-a-season of NFL experience, including two starts, and an interception already under their belt.
"Well, I mean, he's not necessarily starting on ground zero like most of these rookies are so he's got a little bit of a head start, but yet they still have a lot of room to grow," Allen said. "There was a reason why we took them where we took them last year. We feel great about the player and we're excited to see how they can develop (from) last year."
Hayden had a "burn rate" of 60.6 last season, per Stats, Inc., giving up 23 receptions on 38 targets for 386 yards and three touchdowns. And the last time they were on the field, against the Philadelphia Eagles, Hayden surrendered 139 yards and two TDs on three catches, two to Riley Cooper and one to DeSean Jackson.
Hayden acknowledged, though, that being mentally healthy now might be more important than their physical well being.
"It really is because, if you know what to do, your natural reaction is you're just going to do it," Hayden said. "You're already athletic enough to do it; you just have to do it."
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid will not keep Cristiano Ronaldo against their will and could be prepared to sell their star forward during the summer according to reports in Spain.
Ronaldo has sent shockwaves through the sport after reports in Portugal stated they are desperate to leave Spain in the wake of tax fraud allegations and their decision is "irreversible."
The Portuguese superstar is said to be angry over claims by authorities that they defrauded the Spanish authorities of €14.7million, which they refute.
The news has alerted a number of top clubs across Europe and speculation has already started over which club could clinch their signature during the summer.
(Image: FIFA via Getty Images)
(Image: FIFA via Getty Images)
(Image: FIFA via Getty Images)
Former club Manchester United will be in the running as Jose Mourinho would relish the chance to work with the 32-year-old once again, while PSG and the Chinese Super League will also be among the big targets who want to sign him.
Spanish newspaper Marca have no doubts that Real Madrid will want to keep their talisman forward and are frantically trying to calm them down in a bid to make them have a change of heart.
BUT one of the leading newspapers in Spain also maintains that the Champions League winners will not hold any player against their will if they are that adamant that they want to leave and have quoted a figure of £157.5m to get them out of their current deal.
(Image: Getty Images)
If Ronaldo makes it clear to Zinedine Zidane and the Real Madrid hierarchy that they don't want to play for them anymore, they are unlikely to stand in their way if they get the right price.
The report said: 'As in other cases, Real Madrid will not hold anyone against their will and the price will always mark the club and never the player.'
Ronaldo is currently with the Portugal squad as they prepare for the Confederations Cup to get underway but they look set to dominate the headlines throughout the summer.
The European Council yesterday adopted the legal act that limits how many mobile operators can charge each other — the final step in the multi-stage, multi-year process for the region's lawmakers to agree an end to roaming charges for citizens. The ‘roam like at home' policy will come into affect across the European Union from June 15.
A preliminary deal to end charges for EU citizens' using their mobile device in another European country other than their own was agreed in June 2015.
This February final agreement was reached between the executive body of the EU, the European Commission, and the European parliament. The European Council vote was the last hurdle.
The body, which is made up of the heads of state of the EU's 28 Member States, had previously blocked an earlier EC push to end roaming charges, in 2015 — voting to keep the fees until at least 2018 at that time. Following that setback, some changes were made to the measure to try to allay operators' concerns, and a deal on wholesale price caps was also reached — to finally arrive at the current accord.
In a statement yesterday on behalf of the Council, Dr Emmanuel Mallia, the Maltese digital minister, said: “Today's final vote in the Council clears the path for free roaming. When Europeans go on holiday this summer, they can enjoy the freedom of being able to stay in touch and use the Internet as if they were at home. The EU is making our lives easier in very practical ways.”
As well as the (currently) 28 EU Member States where roaming without paying surcharges will apply from June 15, the ‘roam like at home' measure also apply in European Economic Area countries — Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway — shortly after that date.
It's part of a wider EU effort to establish a Digital Single Market (DSM) across the region by reducing national barriers to ecommerce. Other planks of this policy include an agreement to end geoblocks on travellers' digital subscriptions secured earlier this year, and an in-train (but much criticized) digital copyright reform which may have a final text agreed by the end of the year.
Done roaming?
The European Commission first set out its intention to end mobile roaming fees in a 2013 reform plan, called the Telecoms Single Market initiative — a part of the DSM, so also aimed at boosting the region's global competitiveness and fostering digital jobs by reducing market fragmentation.
But even as far back as 2006 European commissioners have been calling for operators to reduce the amount they charge consumers for roaming. So it's been a long and pretty tortuous negotiation process to arrive at a deal.
The telcoms industry lobbied fiercely to keep the lucrative charges for as long as possible. Indeed, pressure from telcos led the Commission to rewrite its ‘roam like at home' plan in fall last year to incorporate a ‘fair use' policy to try to allay operators' fears of so-called ‘permanent roamers' (i.e. EU citizens taking advantage of lower tariffs in certain European countries to avoid paying higher domestic mobile tariffs). So, technically speaking, not all roaming fees are being abolished on June 15 — hence the Commission's ‘roam like at home' moniker.
An EC FAQ on the measures notes that operators will be able to detect possible abuses of the policy over a four-month period, and may contact a mobile user to ask them to clarify their country of residence within 14 days. If an EU mobile user continues to be abroad in the EU more than they are ‘at home' capped roaming fees may then once again apply.
“The general rule is that as long as you spend more time at home than abroad or you use your mobile phone more at home than abroad you can roam at domestic prices when travelling anywhere in the EU,” it states.
There are also additional rules — for phone plans with unlimited data, which may result in roaming fees if you exceed the ‘roam like at home' allowance because operators are not required to provide like-for-like unlimited data, but may just offer a “large volume” of data, depending on the price of the mobile bundle; and for pre-paid cards, which may have a volume limit for data applied to them, depending on the price per unit paid.
There is also criticism beyond these small print limits. The biggest concern has been that the measure will push up the price of standard mobile contracts — meaning mobile users would be paying more domestically to subsidize the cost of cheaper calls and data when they're on holiday. (Indeed, some EU operators took early opportunistic action to raise prices — blaming the incoming measure.)
A core part of the process has therefore been for EU institutions to agree the wholesale price caps on how many telecoms operators can charge each other for using their networks for the cross-border roaming traffic to ensure their costs can come down as well as consumers'. Although operators also stand to lose revenue because they also can't charge other carriers as much to use their networks. Hence the tricky negotiation process.
Yesterday the Council adopted the reform of EU wholesale prices — describing it as “a practical and legal prerequisite for the end of roaming as laid down in the roaming regulation from 2015”.
“New wholesale caps were needed to help ensure that operators are able to offer surcharge-free roaming to their customers without increasing prices at home,” it added.
The EU parliament agreed the wholesale roaming regulation earlier, on April 6. The new rules introduce caps on wholesales charges of €7.70 per gigabyte from this June, falling each January thereafter to just €2.50 per gigabyte from 2022. But it remains to be seen whether EU operators will generally be content with the impact of the new wholesale roaming regulations on their bottom lines — or whether they will raise domestic prices to top up any shortfall.
For UK citizens there is also the specific question of what Brexit will mean for their mobile roaming fees. Because once the country leaves the EU it will no longer be covered by the incoming roaming rules — allowing continental carriers to charge UK consumers, at least in theory, as much as they like to use their phones in the EU. Unless a comprehensive trade deal can be secured.
Any quick bilateral deal on UK-EU roaming has already been ruled out by the EC, according to the FT. So, for travelling Brits, everything hinges on the Brexit negotiations — and how quickly a trade deal materializes.
In terms of final stages for implementing ‘roam like at home', the agreed text of the wholesale roaming regulation will be signed by the Council and the EU Parliament in mid-May and published in the EU Official Journal by the end of May — entering into force three days after publication, and in time for the June 15 deadline for it to come into force.
Former police officer Iskandar Rahmat will not be spared the noose for killing a father and son at their home in Hillside Drive, after the apex court upheld their two death sentences.
SINGAPORE: Former police officer Iskandar Rahmat will not be spared the noose for the Kovan double murder in July 2013.
The Court of Appeal on Friday (Feb 3) upheld their two death sentences for viciously stabbing to death Mr Tan Boon Sin, 67, and their 42-year-old son Chee Heong.
Advertisement
The murder weapon, a knife, was never found.
Iskandar, 37, was found guilty and sentenced to death on Dec 4, 2015. Justice Tay Yong Kwang had said that they had “no doubt” the former police officer, facing bankruptcy and dismissal from the force, intended to kill the elder Mr Tan for their money.
When Mr Tan's son got home “at the most inopportune moment” and witnessed their father's murder, “he quickly became collateral damage”, Justice Tay had said.
Father and son died of multiple stab wounds to the face, neck and chest.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The elder victim died in Iskandar's arms, while the son managed to stagger out of the house before collapsing behind Iskandar's getaway car in the driveway of 14J Hillside Drive.
Their body was caught under the car and dragged nearly 1km before it was dislodged in front of a bus stop at Kovan MRT station, leaving a trail of blood as commuters watched in shock.
At their appeal last October, Iskandar's defence had urged the court to consider new evidence which included a psychiatric report. It stated that Iskandar was diagnosed with two mental illnesses at the time of the murders - adjustment disorder and acute stress reaction.
There was also a forensic pathology report which said that Iskandar suffered defensive injuries, lending weight to the defence's case that the elder Mr Tan was the aggressor, and that Iskandar had wrested the knife from their hand and killed them in self-defence.
However, prosecutors argued that the reports are “unreliable, self-serving”, having been prepared three years after the murders and more than eight months after Iskandar was sentenced to hang.
By Glyceroll
As the dust settles from the explosive conclusion to the events in Bilgewater, let's take a look back at a horrifying little critter who just wants to be loved: The Wharf Rat. Butcher's Bridge introduced this brainchild of a few disturbed individuals, who are here to demystify the shark/rat hybrids.
Also, if you're too squeamish for the gory details on the Wharf Rats - check out the Origin of the Poros (https://eune.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/community-spotlight/origin-poros)!
First off, who are the insane people behind the Wharf Rat?
Mark Gibbons was the artist who created the original concept art.
Max “Beezul” Gonzales worked off that idea and turned it into an in-game concept.
Jue Wang took the concept and mapped it over the original poro models, which were then brought to life through Nick “Nickstravaganza” Matthews and Kevin Freeman's animation.
Where did the Wharf Rat idea come from?
The Bilgewater team knew they had a HUGE dilemma early on. They needed a replacement for poros on the Bilgewater ARAM map or the entire event would surely crash and burn quicker than Gangplank's ship.
The main concern was that the creature had to fill the same niche the poro fills -- providing memorable interactions but not distracting from the actual gameplay. The team needed to bring this creature to life and make it unique enough to stand against the enormous poro fanbase.
A few early iterations of the poro's replacement were far too cute -- like an octopus that waddled around on its tiny tentacles and walruses. The team needed something adorable, but terrifying, while being aesthetically fitting for the run-down, waterlogged terrain of Bilgewater.
Concept art of the wharf rat, shown below, was a product of early Runeterra explorations (deep dives on the people, flora, and fauna) done by Riot's Foundations team. It was the perfect choice for Butcher's Bridge.
How long did it take to create Wharf Rats?
Much like the poro, a lot of the foundational work (the initial modeling and base textures) for wharf rats was done in a single weekend.
After that, the team started in on the long process of polishing and refining these horrifyingly adorable critters.
What's the connection between Wharf Rats and Razorfins?
Unlike poros, the rats grow and become more monstrous as they age. The full grown Wharf Rat is one of the four brawler minions within the new Black Market Brawlers game mode -- the Razorfin!
What else can you tell us about Wharf Rats?
Wharf Rats are equal parts contempt, agility, and sharp pointy teeth.
They're more closely related to sea cobras than rats.
No one has survived long enough to see the underside of a Wharf Rat...but it's probably not pleasant.
Wharf Rats have the capability of swimming like a shark or scurrying like a rat, so nowhere is safe.
Wharf Rats also enjoy Poro-Snax, but usually it involves eating actual Poros...as snax.
If confronted by a Wharf Rat, make yourself appear large. And unappetizing. Or just hope you properly notarized your Last Will and Testament.
dockworkers sleep on raised cots to avoid being eaten by Wharf Rats in their sleep.
Wharf Rats are the mortal enemies of bilge-lions.
The Wharf Rats are armed with poisonous barbs in their tails... though most people don't survive long enough to see them.
They were once used to keep the wharf clean of debris. (Seriously, they'll eat anything.)
Born out of malice, blinded by hate;
Cunning, deceitful; lying in wait,
Malevolent, evil; oh god it's free,
Coarse, drooling; please don't eat me.
So, who do you think would be a better pet? A Poro or a Wharf Rat?
When it comes to staging a PR campaign, no one can hold a candle to Harvey Weinstein, who makes P.T. Barnum look like a taciturn Buddhist monk. Weinstein cannily beat the drums for “The Artist,” leading to an Academy Award for best picture and several other Oscars, and within days, they had set out on a new publicity blitz, this one for the release of the documentary “Bully.”
Weinstein's hype for “Bully” is a classic from their playbook. It centers on the R rating that the Motion Picture Assn. of America gave the film, which is about the epidemic of bullying in American middle schools that has resulted in widespread psychic trauma and, in some instances, suicide.
Over the years, Weinstein has used or manufactured ratings controversies to buy free press for many movies, from the recent “Blue Valentine” all the way back to a 1990 lawsuit against the MPAA for giving an X rating to Pedro Almodóvar's “Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!” (which led to the institution of the NC-17 rating). So when I heard about this one, I initially felt Weinstein was just crying wolf yet again.
If you haven't been following, here's what's been happening, in a nutshell: The MPAA's rating board gave “Bully” an R rating solely because several kids are overheard using the F-word in the film. Weinstein believes the film should get a PG-13, which would allow teens to see the movie even without a parent or guardian. They appealed the rating but was denied.
Weinstein was so upset that they claimed they were considering taking a “leave of absence” from submitting their films to the MPAA for ratings. That earned a fresh wave of publicity for the film, as well as a stern rebuke from John Fithian, president of the National Assn. of Theater Owners, who informed Weinstein in a letter — one that Weinstein promptly publicized — that if Weinstein released their films unrated, theater owners would treat them as NC-17 rated films, meaning no minors allowed, even with parents or guardians.
At first, I was willing to side with Joan Graves, the MPAA ratings board chief, who told me last week that Weinstein knew the rules going in. If Weinstein wanted a PG-13, they could easily cut “Bully's” bad language, as they did last year when they wanted to reach a broader audience — and make more money — with their 2011 Oscar winner, “The King's Speech.” That film was initially rated R solely for language issues; Weinstein later cut the F-words and re-released the movie with a PG-13 rating, even going against the wishes of their filmmakers.
But when I got Weinstein on the phone, they had a new ace up their sleeve: “Gunner Palace,” a riveting 2005 documentary about an artillery squad's wartime experiences in Iraq. The Palm Pictures film featured 42 examples of the F-word, 36 more than in “Bully,” but the MPAA, after hearing an appeal, agreed to give the film a PG-13 rating. Weinstein immediately pounced on the inconsistency.
“The board said they gave the film a PG-13 because there was a war going on and it was important for young people to see the film,” they told me. “But they set a precedent. I complimented them on the decision to give it a PG-13, but I said that there's another war going on in America's schools with bullying. So you have to think of the two movies in the same way.”
When I asked Graves about why the board was willing to overturn its rating decision for one movie and not for another, they argued that what happened in 2005 didn't necessarily apply in 2012.
“It was a different time and a different appeal board,” they said. “[It was] also quite an anomaly. The overturn resulted in an acknowledgment of the importance of consistency in the way we give information to parents about the level of content in a film.”
When it comes to explaining almost any ratings board inconsistencies, Graves tells them critics that the MPAA's decisions reflect the attitude of America's parents. When I denounced the board's decision to give “The King's Speech” an R last year simply because the film used a few curse words, Graves told me that, living in Los Angeles, I was out of touch with most American parents' attitude toward language. Graves says parents in red-state, small-town America are far more wary of foul language than of graphic violence.
As it turns out, the MPAA was so stung by “The King's Speech” controversy that it commissioned a study to see how much bad language actually bothers parents.
“After the language in ‘King's Speech' became a big issue, we did a survey to see if parents wanted us to overlook the language,” Graves told me. “And what we discovered was that, overwhelmingly, parents said they wanted to know what kind of language there was in the film. We asked specifically about the F-word, which clearly bothers a large number of people. That's just how they feel. Language matters.”
According to Weinstein, Graves brought up the still-unreleased survey as an argument against “Bully” in their appeal hearing. “It was like a scene out of ‘Perry Mason,'” Weinstein recalled. “The news of the survey came out of nowhere. Joan summarized it in our hearing and it really hurt us. We lost our appeal by one vote and I think the survey cost us that vote.”
Graves told me they would eventually make the survey public but wouldn't commit to a specific timetable. Weinstein argues that there's no time like the present. “If it says what Joan says it does, they should release it,” they said. “If it makes a strong point, maybe we could learn from it. But I'd like to see the scientific evidence myself.”
Weinstein told me they were willing to screen “Bully” for parents anywhere in Middle America and live by the results, but Graves waved it off as unnecessary, since the MPAA already had its own survey results. Personally, I wouldn't put much stock in whatever the study turned up, because the people who commission surveys often get the results they want.
When it comes to the baffling, often myopic ways of the MPAA's rating board, I'm with Weinstein. The board's ratings decisions are often an embarrassment, especially when it comes to language issues. With sex or violence, the ratings board has broad, often indecipherable leeway in deciding an R rating. But with language, no flexibility exists: If you have more than one F-word, you get an R. Why is one F-word OK, but not two? Don't even ask.
The MPAA really needs to overhaul its ludicrously inflexible language constraints. If I've learned anything from making a living watching movies, it's that every film is a unique artistic document. If the same kind of violence in one film can earn an R while earning a PG-13 in another, simply because of its intent or intensity, why can't the same be true for the use of foul language?
Hearing a nasty bully shout obscenities at a timid 14-year-old in a documentary designed to raise our awareness about bullying is just not in the same ballpark as hearing a drunken high school partygoer bellow F-bombs in a bratty teen comedy. One alerts and educates us; the other titillates and, perhaps, entertains us.
But there's a difference. And it's long overdue for the MPAA's rating board to figure out that when it comes to judging the impact of language in our movies, not every F-bomb sounds alike.
RELATED:
A 'Bully' pulpit for Weinstein Co.
Andrew Breitbart: Media manipulation as an art form
Oscar's aging audience: Time to shake up the Academy?
-- Patrick Goldstein
Photo: Harvey Weinstein photographed last month at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills. Credit: Al Seib / Los Angeles Times
Palm/Passion Sunday
Palm: Mark 11: 1-11, Psalm 118:1-2, 19-29
Passion: Mark 14:1-15, Isaiah 50:4-9a, Psalm 31:9-16, Philippians 2:5-11
We Christians do this every year: journey from Palm Sunday to Easter Sunday. Some folks take a shortcut, hopping from the Hosanna shouts of the first Sunday to the great Alleluias of the second, spending as little time or thought on what's in between.
There's a lot to that in-between time, though. Trouble is, it's kind of messy, spiritually and theologically challenging, and–well, let's face it–it all climaxes with Jesus being tortured, tried, and crucified. That can provide a challenging route for Christians who emphasize a gospel filled with joy, hope, love, and peace. It all belongs together, but that doesn't mean there won't need to be a whole lot of digging and head-scratching and struggling.
On the other hand, why should Holy Week be a breeze, a casual stroll through the life and times of Jesus of Nazareth? Consider, for instance, this brief passage from Mark's Gospel:
They went to a place called Gethsemane; and [Jesus] said to their disciples, “Sit here while I pray.” They took with them Peter and James and John, and began to be distressed and agitated. And they said to them, “I am deeply grieved, even to death; remain here, and keep awake.” And going a little farther, they threw themselves on the ground and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass from him. They said, “Abba, Father, for you all things are possible; remove this cup from me; yet, not what I want, but what you want.” –Mark 14:32-36 NRSV
Jesus clearly didn't want what they saw coming their way. Throwing themselves on the ground, they pleaded with God for some other way than what appeared before them in the coming days. “Yet, not what I want, but what you want.”
The principalities and powers were amassing their forces against him. The Roman empire. The entrenched religious hierarchy of Second-Temple Judaism. The fickleness of the crowds that one day happily shouted “Hosanna to the king!” and less than a week later were angrily urging Pontius Pilate to “Crucify him!” Even among their closest associates there would be a traitor and another who would deny even knowing him. Perhaps most inexplicable of all: the silence of God.
The Gospel writer Matthew relates the final words of Jesus, moments before their life ended while nailed to a cross: “My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me?”
Biblical scholars are quick (and correct) to note that those words are exactly those of Psalm 22:1. Some Christians take it a giant step further by claiming that the entire psalm is a direct prophecy/prediction of Jesus' crucifixion. I find myself in the camp of those who believe Matthew drew on what would have been a familiar psalm to help explain, years after the fact, the course of events on that fateful Friday in Jerusalem. But what do we do with that word “forsaken?”
I've been practicing for a few weeks with my congregational choir in preparation for our Easter worship service. The music we're singing includes arrangements of several familiar hymns. One of them is “Were You There (when They Crucified My Lord)?” This particular arrangement ends with the words, “Were you there when the Father turned away?” The first time we practiced I was uneasy with that theological statement, as were many others in the choir. Our unease soon caused us to find substitute words. Do we really believe that God “turned away” from Jesus at that moment? For starters, what does that say about God? And what might we infer about our relationship with our Creator?
Does the silence of God indicate that God turns away, especially when the going gets tough?
In their book on surviving the Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald(La Nuit) Elie Wiesel relates the story of being forced to watch the death by hanging of fellow Jewish prisoners:
“Then came the march past the victims. The two men were no longer alive. Their tongues were hanging out, swollen and bluish. But the third rope was still moving: the child, too light, was still breathing…. And so they remained for more than half an hour, lingering between life and death, writhing before our eyes.
And we were forced to look at them at close range. They were still alive when I passed him. Their tongue was still red, their eyes not yet extinguished. Behind me, I heard the same man asking: “For God's sake, where is God?”
And from within me, I heard a voice answer: “Where is He? This is where–hanging here from this gallows….” That night, the soup tasted of corpses.”
― Elie Wiesel, Night
We mistake the apparent silence of God for God's apparent absence or, even worse, turning away. Although none of us can truly know God, but however shocking it may be to come to this realization grief may well be part of God's nature. And so, when we grieve, perhaps we should view that as a reflection in microcosm of divine grief.
Seen in this light, our annual journey from Palm Sunday to Easter morning is more than ritual, more than a series of events. It is the way, the path, of Jesus and therefore the way for those who follow them as disciples.
Advertisements
Nati Harnik/Associated Press Nebraska's Stanley Jean-Baptiste has a chance to make themselves some money during Senior Bowl week.
I came out with my top 50 NFL prospects last week and a good number of them come from the 98 underclassmen who left school early to enter the 2014 draft.
There are some very good senior prospects on the list as well, many who are participating at this week's Reese's Senior Bowl practices in Mobile, Ala., like Fresno State QB Derek Carr and Oklahoma CB Aaron Colvin.
Recent Senior Bowl MVPs SEE PHOTOS Does being named Senior Bowl MVP lead to success in the NFL? You be the judge as we take a look back at the most recent Senior Bowl MVPs.
Here are five very good players that didn't make my top 50 but are worth keeping an eye on this week at the Senior Bowl, and who could help their draft stock with good showings:
Stanley Jean-Baptiste, DB, Nebraska
Jean-Baptiste has rare size (6-foot-2 3/8, 215); they look like a clone of Richard Sherman. I'm sure the Seahawks, among most NFL teams, will be paying close attention to this player. He's a junior-college transfer who only played cornerback for a season and a half at Nebraska after switching from wide receiver in 2011. Has very long arms (78 3/8 wingspan) and is a willing tackler. Looks fast in coverage and has quickness. If they look like they can cover in man drills this week, they might move up into my top 100. Smart player who entered 2013 with their degree already in hand.
Ja'Wuan James, OT, Tennessee
Most of the attention on the Vols' offensive line went to massive LT Antonio Richardson, but Tennessee has another good NFL prospect on the other side of the line. At 6-6 1/8 and 315 pounds, James will be hard to miss at the Senior Bowl. They hold the school record for most starts by an offensive lineman (49, all at right tackle), including 13 games as a true first-year student. They remind me of Titans RT David Stewart when Stewart came out of Mississippi State in 2005; has similar traits. He's strong but doesn't have great feet (would have difficult time at LT). He's mean and tough. Did good job on Jadeveon Clowney when the South Carolina defensive end lined up on James' side. Good run-blocker. Could find their way into the third round with a good showing this week.
Charles Sims, RB, West Virginia
Sims will be the best running back at the Senior Bowl. He's well-built at 5-11 7/8 and 214 pounds, and has run the 40 in 4.46 seconds. They can run and catch as well as any back in the draft. After four years at Houston, they transferred to West Virginia in 2013, but WVU's offensive line didn't allow them to showcase their skills much, so they enter the draft process as a bit of a sleeper. I still can't figure out why they came back for a fifth year. They remind me some of the Bengals' Giovani Bernard. He's most likely a third-day choice at this point, but a good Senior Bowl will turn heads; problem is, it's difficult for running backs to show skills and have good statistics in all-star games.
Kareem Martin, DE, North Carolina
Some believe Martin (6-5 7/8, 272) should have entered the 2013 draft after receiving a grade from the draft advisory board that indicated they could be taken in the first two rounds. I think they made a good choice; a good week at the Senior Bowl could move them to the top of the second. They finished their senior season with big production (11.5 sacks and their 21.5 tackles for loss were the fifth-most in NCAA in 2013). Has very good pass-rush skills and possesses the traits (4.85 40 and very athletic) NFL teams look for in a 4-3 defensive end. As a four-year starter in a top program, Martin has more experience than most at their position in this draft. They need to get stronger. Good character. Massive wingspan (84 1/4).
Kyle Van Noy, LB, BYU
BYU coaches I've talked to rave about this player. He's an outside linebacker with pass-rush and coverage skills. He's an outstanding blitzer off the edge. They finished their junior season with 13 sacks (Ziggy Ansah helped free them up) and 2013 with 17.5 tackles for loss. Moves well. Solid player who should go late in second round, but could move up with a good week at the Senior Bowl. Measured 6-foot-3 1/4 and 244 pounds at Senior Bowl.
Follow Gil Brandt on Twitter @Gil_Brandt.
This is the era of users. Great product ideas, thoroughly thought–out design, different approaches to development, super dedicated teams – none of this is important as much as user's opinion on the product you are creating. Most product owners and UX designers are aware of this fact. Interestingly, not all of them actually keep checking what the users want from the very beginning and throughout the design and development process.
If you ask them how come they don't implement what is considered to be important for the product success, number of reasons get listed out. Most of these could be summed up to the lack of resources – time, people and money.
You might be surprised, but there is a way to hear what people think about your product without confronting any of these obstacles. All you have to do is to find your way to the UsabilitySquare - meeting point of real people, usability enthusiasts, who gather there to test each other ideas or products. (This should be a helpful hint. ;) )
No hidden intentions at this Square – you'll easily find out that it is all about giving feedback and finding out why users might be confused, stuck or lost.
Everyone who believes in open communication and idea of sharing without interest are very welcomed to come abroad!
Everything one has to do to in order to get the feedback is:
1. Upload a picture
You can test anything. Whether it is just a design idea, sketch, prototype, app, website or even interface of good old washing machine. You choose!
2. Ask a question about the task which is supposed to be completed
Ask questions people can answer with a single click!
Tips & Tricks: The less ambiguity in your question, the more useful feedback from Squarers you will get.
3. Enjoy results
After people undergo the task, heatmaps will be generated in order to show how intuitive this task is for users. Maps are available for you to analyze them, learn and optimize your design.
If you like the idea, don't hesitate to visit the Square. Plenty of things to do out there and many great people to meet. Start with finding out about usability of your products or clicking out through out tasks of other Squarers. Next move is upon you – all you have to do is to have fun and keep loving usability!
Disclaimer: UsabilitySquare is a little brother of KonceptApp, an awesome usability testing tool for prototypes.
Image caption The terror threat level was raised to severe in January last year
The UK terror threat level is being reduced from "severe" to "substantial", the home secretary has announced.
The new alert level means the risk of a terrorist attack is considered to be a "strong possibility" and "might well occur without further warning".
Theresa May said: "The change in the threat level does not mean that the overall threat has gone away.
"There is still a real and serious threat to the UK and I would ask the public to remain ever vigilant."
They said the decision to downgrade the terrorist threat level was made independently of ministers by the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre (JTAC) and was based on the very latest intelligence, considering factors such as "capability, intent and timescale".
The threat level last changed in January last year where it was raised to "severe".
The threat level is under constant review and can change quickly in response to events.
UK terror threat levels Critical - attack expected imminently
Severe - attack highly likely
Substantial - attack a strong possibility
Moderate - attack possible but not likely
Low - an attack unlikely Source: Home Office
It was first made public on 1 August, 2006, when it was set at "severe".
The level was then raised to critical ten days later after a series of arrests over an alleged plot to blow up a transatlantic aircraft.
It was lowered to "severe" again the following week.
The threat level was last set at critical in June 2007, following the attack on Glasgow Airport and the failed car bombings in central London.
BBC home affairs correspondent June Kelly said the threat to the UK comes from both Islamist extremists and Irish dissident groups.
Psychologist Eric Turkheimer wrote The Three Laws of Behavior Genetics and What They Mean (in Current Directions in Psychological Science in 2000).
“First Law: All human behavioural traits are heritable.
Second Law: The effect of being raised in the same family is smaller than the effect of the genes.
Third Law: A substantial portion of the variation in complex human behavioural traits is not accounted for by the effects of genes or families.”
Steven Pinker examined these in their 2002 book The Blank Slate, as follows.
Heritability is the proportion of variance in a trait that corresponds to genetic differences. It can be studied in identical twins separated at birth and raised apart (100% shared genes, no shared environment), in identical twins raised together v fraternal twins raised together (half of the variable genes shared), and in biological siblings v adoptive siblings.
Identical twins reared together are more similar than fraternal twins raised together. Biological siblings are far more similar than adoptive siblings. A conventional summary is that about half of the variation in intelligence, personality and life outcomes is heritable.
“”All traits are heritable” is a bit of an exaggeration, but not by much. Concrete behavioral traits that patently depend on content provided by the home or culture are, of course, not heritable at all; which language you speak, which religion you worship in, which political party you belong to. But behavioral traits that reflect the underlying talents and temperaments are heritable: how proficient with language you are, how religious, how liberal or conservative. General intelligence is heritable, and so are the five major ways in which personality can vary … openness to experience, conscientiousness, extroversion-introversion, antagonism-agreeableness, and neuroticism. And traits that are surprisingly specific turn out to be heritable, too, such as dependence on nicotine or alcohol, number of hours of television watched, and likelihood of divorcing.”
The Second Law concerns the family. The shared environment is that which impinges on both siblings alike. The unique environment is everything else – that which impinges on one sibling but not another.
Studies show that the effect of shared environment is small, just 0 to 10% of the variance.
Adult siblings are equally similar whether they grew up together or apart. Adoptive siblings are no more similar than two people plucked off the streets at random. Identical twins are no more similar than one would expect from the effects of their shared genes.
But note these studies exclude cases of criminal neglect, abuse and abandonment in a bleak orphanage, so they do not show that extreme cases fail to leave scars. Nor can they say anything about the difference between cultures.
The Third Law accounts for the portion not in the first two laws.
In summary – genes 40-50%, shared environment 0-10%, unique environment 50%.
Pinker is convinced that children are socialised in their peer groups and not in their families. But they are not convinced that peer groups explain personalities – shy v bold etc.
Consider identical twins that grow up together. They share all 3 elements but the correlations around them are only 50%. Pinker thinks it is chance events that we haven't yet identified.
Chance events lead to tiny differences, but these are constrained by human feedback mechanisms used to make sure everything is within tolerance. This chance shaping of brain leading to a difference in personality would be a mixed genetic/environment component.
Advertisements
Now, with smartphone sales booming and India preparing for nationwide 4G Internet access, India's film and TV industry hopes the ease of tapping your phone for the latest release will generate profits at last, overcoming the problems of woefully few cinemas and rampant piracy.
India has about 10,000 cinema screens across a country of 1.3 billion - 8 for every million people, compared with 120 in the United States and 30 in China, according to digital film distribution network UFO Moviez.
That low density means that for most Indians, pirated content is the only way to see movies, costing the industry some 30 percent of potential annual gross collections.
"Even if we can manage to get a small fraction of the people to pay on their phones, you are looking at a market that can potentially become bigger than the box office," said Girish Johar, head of revenue at Essel Vision Production, part of Zee Entertainment Enterprises, one of India's largest media groups.
The profit boost for studios will in large part be driven by the rush for local-language content from platforms like Netflix Inc, which launched in India this year and is aggressively adding to its Hindi-language catalogue.
Homegrown rivals, though keen to forge partnerships with online streaming companies, are introducing their own platforms, a new revenue stream for production firms that earn little from either cinemas or DVD sales.
And the numbers add up.
Seven out of 10 Indians watch at least one online video a month, and in the next three years nearly 90 percent of all Internet data in India is expected to be used toward streaming movies and television.
Paying up
Key to the boom is cheap, fast, mobile broadband nationwide, which this year promises to bring millions online, even outside big cities.
That means better viewing - and easier payment.
India's cash-rich Reliance Industries is expected to roll out one of the world's largest 4G networks this year when it launches its Jio mobile network.
To keep up, incumbent players Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular are cutting Internet charges and building out their own high-speed data networks.
The results are good already for providers like YouTube, which says Indian usage has soared, outpacing global peers, thanks to mobile traffic which more than doubled last year.
"Traditional film and TV content still continues to drive massive watch time … while studio-made songs, movies and clips continue to be some of the most popular content nationwide," said Gautam Anand, YouTube's Asia Pacific director of operations.
Lights, camera ... cash!
The hope is that cheap, convenient content, perhaps 25 rupees (37 U.S. cents) for a movie streamed to your phone, will make piracy redundant.
Of course, getting cash out of the consumer remains a challenge, and subscription is an untested model.
"In the US, everybody has been paying for content but in India people don't pay as easily,” said Gaurav Gandhi, chief operating officer of Viacom18, a venture between US group Viacom and Reliance. Indians feel they pay for data, so the content should be free, they say.
But the growing use of phones as credit cards, to pay for small purchases, will help.
So too, say industry insiders, will unique content.
"We have to come up with our own model and a large part of that would rest in creating unique content for online,” said Radhika Kapoor, head of content Fox Star studios India that runs the Hotstar streaming platform.
Others argue the secret will be ad-driven content, that can be provided free. Indeed, getting users to stay loyal to one platform to leverage subscription revenue might be challenging, but getting advertisers interested is not.
Global advertising spends on digital media is likely to grow to 36 percent by 2020 compared with 21 percent in 2010, and consultancy Deloitte's Hemant Joshi says India will lead the trend with digital ad spending likely to grow more than 400 percent to 354 billion rupees ($5.3 billion) in the next five years.
“We have seen that advertisers get better reach through mobiles in India simply because there are more phones than TV screens," Joshi says. "That will only multiply."
Fortunately, the final frontier has yet to become a battlefield. On present trends, however, the next two decades will witness a global arms race in space, culminating in a sophisticated weapons system being placed in orbit. The United States and Russia (formerly the Soviet Union) have been active in this sphere since the early 1960s, when the Soviets first tested the “hunter killer” low orbit satellite system. The U.S. responded with a series of advanced strategic missile projects and some more promising ground launched initiatives. Since then, however, both the U.S. and Russia have constrained their space military programs, seeking to discourage weaponization. Still, both countries have made it clear they will start again, should a line be crossed.
In 2007, China sparked global concern when it successfully tested its first ASAT (anti-satellite) missile, destroying one of its obsolete weather satellites at an altitude of 865 km. In 2006, the U.S. government released a report claiming that China had tagged some U.S. observation satellites with a high-power laser system. Although no major damage was done to the satellites, it later emerged that the laser was not directed at the optical lenses, which could have rendered the satellites useless. In 2008, when the Shenzhou-07 was in orbit, the taikonauts on the mission released a BX-1 micro satellite. The BX-1 flew within the 1000-mile secure radius of the International Space Station (the ISS is programmed to change trajectory and orbit should this happen). Although no harm was done, this demonstrated China's ability to deploy micro satellites with ASAT capabilities.
China has long lobbied against the weaponization of outer space. The sudden change in its space policy can be viewed as an attempt at deterrence, as well as a hedging of its bets. According to Theresa Hitchens, director of the Center for Defense Information, a private group in Washington that tracks military programs, “For several years, the Russians and Chinese have been trying to push a treaty to ban space weapons. The concept of exhibiting a hard-power capability to bring somebody to the negotiating table is a classic cold war technique.” In 2006, the Bush Administration authorized a policy, noting that the United States would “preserve its rights, capabilities, and freedom of action in space” and “dissuade or deter others from either impeding those rights or developing capabilities intended to do so.” It declared the United States would “deny, if necessary, adversaries the use of space capabilities hostile to U.S. national interests.”
Apart from the global ramifications, these developments have sent alarm bells ringing in India. An opponent of the weaponizing of space, India has made impressive developments with its Agni–V Inter-Continental Ballistic Missile, joining an elite club of countries that possess this technology. Recently, the Defense Research and Development Organization (DRDO) announced that it can harness the technology to manufacture anti-satellite weaponry. This, along with the Indian Space Research Organization's (ISRO) success with indigenous launch vehicles, equips the Indian space program with the technological capability to undertake space weaponization activities. From the mid 1970s to 2005, the Indian space program suffered due to the imposition of a sanctions regime in response to its nuclear policies, which left it struggling with little outside technical assistance. India was welcomed back to the mainstream only after a deal with the U.S. was signed in 2005. Eventually, in 2011, the U.S. administration moved certain strategic companies, including those from the ISRO, off the so-called Entity List, in an effort to drive hi-tech trade and forge closer strategic ties with India.
ISRO has already established a reputation for reliability when it comes to launching smaller satellites using its smaller Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV). Its workhorse launch vehicle has put more than 35 satellites of various countries, weighing between one kg and 712 kg, into orbit, not to mention more than a dozen Indian satellites. With the recent success of the geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle (GSLV-D5), the ISRO is ready to take on satellites weighing in excess of two tons, an important prerequisite to the deployment of any weapons system. Existing space treaties prohibit placing weapons of mass destruction in space, but not other types of weapons. Therefore, the next logical step for the DRDO is to develop orbital weapons, which could remain in space for as long as required while orbiting Earth or the Moon.
The line between militarization and weaponization is blurred. Militarization is the build up to a state of conflict and broadly encompasses any activity that furthers this objective. Weaponization, by contrast, means actively developing or deploying a weapon. According to many experts, militarization of space first occurred in 1957 when Sputnik 1 was put into orbit by the Soviet Union. Since then, many auxiliary technology satellites have been launched (such as telecommunications, relief mapping and orbital imaging), directly or indirectly assisting warfare efforts on terra firma and over water. Today, militaries all over the world rely heavily on satellites for command and control, communication, monitoring, early warning, and navigation with the Global Positioning System (GPS). While the term “peaceful purposes” hardly applies to such activities, military applications such as using satellites to direct bombing raids or to orchestrate a “prompt global strike” capability are gradually encroaching on the space environment and have raised serious concerns.
So space warfare can be studied on the basis of a utility criterion in three ways: auxiliary systems, which can assist in warfare on other terrains; defensive systems, which are required to protect these space assets; and weaponized systems – which are purely offensive in nature.
In 2012, the then DRDO chief V.K. Saraswat emphasized a defensive strategy for India in the space domain. Sticking to the principle of “no weaponizing,” Saraswat projected the view that space security entails the creation of “a gamut of capabilities,” including the protection of satellites, communications and navigation systems and denying the enemy the use of their own “space systems.”
The domestic Indian missile defense shield is designed to protect key parts of Indian territory from ballistic missiles originating from China and Pakistan. Priority has to be given to the kill vehicle. Going forward, said Saraswat, “What is needed is technology to track the movement of enemy satellites, for instance, before making a kinetic kill. We are trying to build a credible deterrence capability.” At the same time Saraswat made it clear that this anti satellite device “will not be tried out in real life conditions unless there are exigencies.” The comment echoes India's resolve to stick to a defensive program only.
Countries have long grappled with the issue of space junk left behind by their activities. The 2007 Chinese ASAT test filled the Lower Earth Orbit (LEO) with an estimated 2500 pieces of dangerous debris. In May 2013, a Russian satellite was stuck and destroyed by one such piece. Thus, systems to protect against debris also need to be developed for LEO satellites. India, now a major spacefaring nation, has in orbit a substantial number of satellites for communications, meteorology, earth observation and scientific research. It is also developing its own indigenous Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS) to reduce is reliance on the GPS used by the U.S. and the Russian GLONASS
India recently launched its first dedicated defense satellite, GSAT-7 for the Indian Navy. This is seen as the start of a long line of defense application oriented satellites that the Integrated Space Cell (ISC, initiated in 2008) may want to put into orbit. Already an “eye-in-the-sky” system for the Air Force is being considered. The Integrated Space Cell is currently operated jointly by the three service arms, the DRDO, and the ISRO, making it more of a central information network system than an offensive one. The CARTOSAT-2A, a dedicated satellite of the Indian Armed Forces, will also fall under the jurisdiction of this nodal agency. Although a fledgling agency at the moment, the ISC may be the stepping stone to a fully fledged Indian Military Space Command in the near future.
For India, the issue is China's reconnaissance and surveillance capabilities, which are essentially satellite-based systems. In battle, the army in possession of the higher ground has a natural advantage over its adversary; right now this higher ground is space.
Amit R. Saksena is a postgraduate scholar at the Jindal School of International Affairs. The views expressed in this article are their own.
Wheels of Lull voice acting auditions
EDIT: That's it folks, auditions are closed! Thanks to everyone who participated!
We need voice actors for the Wheels of Lull! Can you speak things? Can you speak things well! We need you. Email an audition to pastaspace2@gmail.com, with one of these characters and the subsequent audition line! Contributors will get advance access to the mod, their name in the credits, and a free hat made out of molten iron!
The characters are
Chronographer Team 4: The unfortunate punishment platoon of the Chronographers. Evidently, not the most stable people, they are the rejects and nutjobs of the great Pearlescent Fleet, though perhaps they'll prove their worth. They consist of-
Century Numinar: The designated leader of the Chronographer team, Numinar may be recognized as the guy who wanted a cutting sphere back in SSE. They got it, and subsequently saw their home destroyed, themselves shipped off, disgraced, and eventually exiled. Once an excited and curious man, Numinar has been beaten one too many times, and that curiosity extinguished, replaced with cyncisim and detatchment. Numinar is firm, cold, fairly deadpan, and not friendly. Looking for a male VA who can play a jaded asshole particularly well.
Audition Line: “It is not a hammer, it is an arto-physical manipulator, a very delicate device that simply looks like a hammer! At any rate, using that… tool, is not the difficult part, it is finding the slots. The world mechanism's pieces are not able to be located by normal sight.”
Millisecond Llavados: Llavados is the cleaner, the janitor and odd-job man of Lull-Mor, and is the one who brings the Dragonborn to Lull-Mor in the first place. Llavados is kept away from the big stuff, and good for reason. Once Numinar's faithfull assistance, an accident left Llavado Broken, the fabricant equivalent of being an insane imbecile.
These madman seems to talk in mostly broken riddles and twisted metaphors, but occasionally offers strange and valuable insights. Whether this is the result of their mechanisms giving them brief clarity, or some darker secret, we don't know. Looking for a male VA similar to Cicero, unhinged and goofy, but able to be serious if the need arises.
Audition Line: “To? Not to, Down! Deep Down! Low as you can go! Can't expect a chronographer to operate any other way, can you? Have to go down, no other way. Could use a gate, but… I broke that! Hahaha! No, your way is Stonehole Mine, nice place, has a contigency! It's right there on your little map! Very nice map too, almost looks like the
real thing! Hehehe!”
Decade Subori: The woman who runs the Upgate, the teleport network used by Team 4, Subori is an old woman, grouchy, ornery, and thinks that youngsters these days have no respect. And really that no one has respect, especially their lout of a husband, who, after one too many drinks, finally broke the last straw. Subori removed their skull (though
don't worry, they lived.) It was enough to get them sent to Lull-Mor though. Subori does their job well, and knows the ins and outs of the Upgate, which you do not. You are a young disrespectful idiot. Get the point? Looking for a female VA who can play the “mean old woman” archetype well, though with a dash of scientific genius.
Audition Line: “Now understand me outsider! I have had to deal with breakdowns, bustups, and malfunctions on this gate, and it is not something I enjoy doing! Just because I am the one who cleans up your messes does not me you are to go around making them. This is a delicate piece of equipment, and you will treat it with the same respect you would any other machine, or I will tan your hide with a chain, do you understand?”
The Skull: Subori's husband's skull. Still alive because he's a fabricant and that's how they roll. An old man, who, like Subori, thinks young people today have no respect. However, he's also a drunk, and while Subori won't indulge them with a nice drink of water (the fabricant equivalent of booze), perhaps they can manipulate you into getting them
a pint. Looking for a male VA who can play a grouchy drunken old man well.
Audition Line: “What do you mean dead? Look outsider I know you folks eat trees or whatever, but you're mortal, same as us! Ain't nobody dying just because their wife ripped out their skull, that's just ridiculous!”
Minute Avarri: Lull-Mor's smith, he's friendly, smart, and all too happy to help you. Except there's that issue of the crazed, maniac AI in their head. Avarri is two people, himself, a friendly bumbler, but a good smith, and the Stoker, an angry conscending hateful AI that is nevertheless one of the greatest smiths of all time. The two share a brain, but can't seem to decide on who should get control of the mouth, and thus conversations jump back and forth between the two. Don't worry though, they're both willing to help you forge up some new clockwork weaponry. Looking for a male VA who can play two parts, that of a brotherly blacksmith, and the other of a hammy rage-tastic maniac.
Audition Line (As Avarri): “That I can outsider. I've got a few things drafted up right now, and I'm sure as time goes on I can think up some additional designs. If you check back every so often, I might be able to introduce you to some new equipment.”
Audition Line (As The Stoker):“Half right, as USUAL. If I make you new things, I will require VERY specific materials from you, which I provide to you in a list. Avarri, provide them with the list.
The guards: The two guards of Lull-Mor, a man and a woman. Might be siblings, might not. They don't like you. Looking for a male VA and a female VA.
Audition Line (Female): "Let's not make this official outsider, move along.”
Audition Line (Male): “We're watching you… (pause for about five seconds) scum.”
Fabricant child: A little cyborg girl. What the hell is they doing in Lull-Mor? Ah well, they repair the FRFs, so they can stay. Looking for a female VA who can sound like a seven year old girl.
Audition Line: “Get up, get up! You've come too far to let yourself die, and that is what will happen! Get up!”
Medeliu Hammar: A Telvanni scholar brought down to Lull-Mor by Llavados from parts unknown and for reasons unknown. They claim to know everything, and seems to, happily assisting the player in each quest with advice, but claiming that too much would spoil them. No ambition, limitless knowledge, and fairly friendly. He's still a Telvanni though, so watch out. And yes, he's related to Brhuce, he's their father. Looking for a male VA that can sound wise, fatherly, and slightly condescending.
Audition Line: “You will find Dovahkiin that the passions of power fade with time. Mage duels and scheming lose their edge with the centuries, and one finds pleasure in dedicating themselves to the simpler things. For me, I'd rather have my books, my tower, and my… adequate children.”
Antagonists:
Justicar Archeron: One of the few Psjiics ever to be kicked out of their order, and joined up with the Thalmor, who were much more accepting of their experiments. Archeron is very polite, to a fault. He'll happily invite a guest into their fortress of whitehorn, before lobotomizing them and turning them into a docile abomination. Archeron is odd for a Thalmor, holding no preconceptions about superiority, and finds it odd that other races do not support their work, and especially their work. After all, who needs your spine or your life when it fortifies your acrobatics?
Still, don't underestimate their happy attitude. They survived the Psjiic Order, and underneath that smiling face is a very clever and very evil wizard. Looking for a male VA who can do a mad scientist well. Megalomaniac, polite, but always with the undertone that they will kill you in the name of progress.
Audition Line: “Oh don't grovel, please, I can understand passion, I like passion. Passion is life, and the livelier ones last longer under the knife. Tell me, are you at all particularly shock resistant? Well then, perhaps you would like to be? It is amazing how less conductive one is when they lack a spleen.”
Other:
The Analyst: An AI that used to run data collection in Sotha Sil, now relegated to doing odd jobs. Understandably, they are not happy about this. Looking for either a male or female VA who can do proud and angry computer quite well.
Audition Line: “Oh of course they didn't tell you about me! I am the Analyst, intelligence that runs all data collection in Sotha Sil! Or I was, now relegated to a bunch of pegs and forced to be hit with a hammer whenever a bunch of exiles want something!”
The Cartwright: An AI that serves as the non-air transportation controller for the Chronographers. Unforunately, so few people use their monorail services, so they've grown bored. When the Dragonborn comes along, they decide to play a game, the Cartwright will allow passage if they can outriddle each other. Looking for a female or male VA that can sound like Blaine the Mono.
Audition Line: “Ohhhh interests. Must be nice having something to do eh? I bet you just LOVE killing draugr. Wish I could kill draugr. Wish I knew what a draugr was…”
Divayth Fyr: Do I really have to introduce this guy? Looking for a male VA who sounds like an appropriate dunmer, though some leeway is granted.
Audition Line: “In a word? Enigmatic. I had the privilege of being the closest mortal to him, yet I confess that their intellect confounded even my own at times.”
I listed this Midas console for my friend 5 months ago and I wanted to update anyone interested in the happenings. The board is now safely stored in Denver and able to be seen or picked up. the price has been drastically reduced.
Feel free to MAKE AN OFFFER!
Hi, My name is Michael. I am listing this Midas board for an older trusted friend who has been in the industry for 30 years. They have bought music gear their whole life and has now decided to start selling some of their key pieces. I am unable to get pictures of the unit right now but if requested I will be able to go to the studio and get exact pictures of this unit. I can attest it is in excellent condition. Thus board was purchased from a church in Lonetree, CO. It was used as a fixed installation in a church and it was operated by a Midas design engineer. The board was installed new, never smoked around.
This sale includes OHSC with the power supply ($1,500.00 value) Local pick up only. No shipping.
Please email me with any additional questions and I will forward them to Jeff.
Thank you
�
Your child might be gay.
I'm not talking about your neighbor's kid or your cousin's kid, and I'm not even talking about my kid (although they are certainly included). I'm talking about your kid. Your kid might be gay.
You may want to protest:
"My son doesn't like show tunes. They like football and Legos."
"My daughter doesn't play softball. They love princess dresses and pink."
"My son has a girlfriend."
"My daughter has a boyfriend."
"My child is too young to think about those things."
Well, I am here to tell you that none of those things matter.
Sure, some gay people might fit into certain stereotypes, but not all... and probably not even the majority. Lots of gay boys like playing in the mud with sticks and listening to rock 'n' roll. Lots of lesbian girls like ballet dancing and painting their fingernails. None of those things define anyone's sexuality.
Even if your child is a toddler, their or their sexual orientation may already be firmly in place... not that they are thinking about it yet.
And sure, your son or daughter might have the correct heterosexual-designated partner right now, but that doesn't mean they always will.
How do I know your kid might be gay? Your child is a human being. Depending on what research you have in front of you, you'll find that between 3 and 10 percent of human beings happen to be gay, lesbian, or bisexual. And there is no way to know for sure, and there is definitely no way to change it.
So why am I telling you all this? Because I think it is high time for all of us parents to start thinking about what we say.
A man wears pink, so we call them a "sissy." A woman is powerful and strong, so she's called a "dyke." An athlete gets hurt, and we say they need to "walk it off and stop being such a fag." An attractive woman is at the park with their girlfriend, and we comment, "All they need is a real man."
We need to think about what we say even when we call our son's female friend their "girlfriend," or when we call our daughter's male friend their "boyfriend."
Some of these things are downright offensive and violent. The last pair could be said in all innocence. But all of them send the same message to a gay child: there is something wrong with you. And that's a message gay children (and adults) hear loud and clear.
I would like to think that some people don't notice homophobic hate speech when it flies out of their mouths, or at least they don't think it matters. Well, it is there, and it does.
So, the next time something lame happens and the words "that's so gay" are about to come out of your mouth, take a second to think. Look at your child and think. Do you want your kid to think, indeed know, that there is something wrong with them? After all, they heard it straight from Mom and Dad.
The idea of having a gay child scares a lot of parents. They want their kids to be happy. They want them to be healthy. They want them to grow into successful adults, who go on to create wonderful families of their own.
Being gay doesn't take any of those things off the table. Heck, if we all work hard enough against hate in this country, they could even legally give you the white wedding you have always dreamed of.
All parents have dreams for their children. Heck, I have a ton. But we can't let our dreams for them become more important than who they are and what they want for themselves. Our children aren't little photocopies of us. They are their own unique people who have a path all their own.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Usually by this time of year, Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest abortion vendor, has already released their annual report, highlighting all the subjectively wonderful things they accomplished over the previous year, how much money they made as a non-profit, how many patients they screened for STDs, how many abortions they performed, and how much of their budget was composed of taxpayer dollars.
But this year, many people are wondering just where Planned Parenthood's annual report is and why it is taking them so long to publicly release it. They've previously published their annual reports in late December or very early January. Their last annual report was released December 2015 and continuing financial and service data from the 2014 year.
With the heightened scrutiny of Planned Parenthood following the 2015 release of the Center for Medical Progress baby body parts videos, the year-long inquiry by the Select Panel on Infant Lives into the fetal tissue trafficking industry, and the promise to defund them by President Trump and members of Congress, this annual report is going to be looked at with a fine-tooth comb.
Planned Parenthood knows this and is likely scrambling to make sure all their bases are covered and that they can handle the pushback they are likely to get.
But they need to release the report now.
Here are some theories as to why there is a huge holdup to releasing what they've done with all that government money they get every year:
They had to rewrite the whole thing when they lost millions of dollars and creditability when their favored candidate lost the election in November. No doubt their entire report was based on them being a driving force behind a Hillary Clinton win.
They can't manipulate the numbers enough to cover up the fact that the numbers of patients they serve each year is continuing to decrease. They only saw 2.5 million patients in 2014, down from 3 million in 2012. In light of the baby body parts scandal in 2015, their numbers of patients seen may have had an even steeper drop.
They made a substantial amount of money over what they made the previous year, demonstrating that they just don't need taxpayers funding them any longer. In 2014-2015, they had net assets of $1.4 billion and $59 million in excess revenue.
Or maybe they received a lot more government money than they have in the past, making up even more of their budget than usual.
The accountant, who doubled as a magician by figuring out how to make abortion only 3% of Planned Parenthood's annual services, resigned and there is no one there to work the same statistical magic this year.
They cannot possibly back up their claim that IUD requests have increased 900% since the election.
Their cancer screenings/prenatal services/anything other than abortion services have continued their steep decline. From 2014 to 2015, their cancer screenings and preventative services dropped an astounding 27%, while government funding increased.
Their presence on college campuses is laughable and they have no way to make it look presentable. In previous years' reports, they claim around 200 Planned Parenthood groups on college campuses, and some years they don't even mention them in the report. Students for Life of America surpassed 1,000 student pro-life groups on high school and college campuses last year, dwarfing Planned Parenthood's number, whatever that may be by now.
Taxpayers doled out over $553 million to Planned Parenthood in 2015, making up 43% of their annual budget. Planned Parenthood has a duty to report to the public what they did with that money, especially now that they are facing a national defunding battle.
Hopefully Congress will follow through on their promise to redirect that funding stream to the thousands of other federally-funded health centers that provide more comprehensive care, sans abortion, than Planned Parenthood could ever provide.
So what is Planned Parenthood hiding in their annual report? Since we the taxpayers fund them, we deserve to know.
The mining industry of Sierra Leone accounted for 4.5 percent of the country's GDP in 2007[1] and minerals made up 79 percent of total export revenue with diamonds accounting for 46 percent of export revenue in 2008.[2] The main minerals mined in Sierra Leone are diamonds, rutile, bauxite, gold, iron and limonite.
Mining in Sierra Leone has been seen as one of the key factors for instability in the country and one of the reasons for the country's recent civil war. Traditionally, benefits from diamond mining have ended up with private companies and corrupt officials rather than the country's government and people.[3]
The Ministry of Mineral Resources, is responsible for the management of the country's minerals sector and the Mines and Minerals Act 2009. Sierra Leone is a candidate for the Extraction Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI). GoSL publishes data on licenses and payments by mining companies on their Online Repository established by Revenue Development Foundation, the repository was launched in January 2012.
History [ edit ]
Organised mining began in the 1920s with bauxite first being recorded in 1920 along the Falaba to Waia road.[4][5] Diamonds were found in the early 1930s, from 1934 to 1956 the Sierra Leone Selection Trust (SLST) held the monopoly for mining, prospecting for and marketing diamonds throughout Sierra Leone. The Consolidated African Selection Trust Ltd (CAST), which owned mining operation around West Africa, provided the initial capital for the SLST.[6]
The monopoly was originally given for 99 years but in 1955 the SLST gave up rights to alluvial deposits outside its lease area. This allowed artisan and small scale mining of alluvial deposits, and by 1965 there had been a large movement from agricultural work to working these deposits.[4] In 1970 a joint SLST and government organisation was formed called the National Diamond Mining Corporation (NDMC).
Before the start of the Civil War in 1991 250,000 people made a living in the mining and quarrying sector with direct and indirect employment accounting for 14% of the country's total labour force. The mineral wealth of Sierra Leone, especially in diamonds, became a key factors in its instability and the outbreak of Civil War.[3]
Resource Curse [ edit ]
Despite being among the top-ten diamond-producing nations,[7] the mining sector faces many challenges, including weak laws and smuggling issues.[8] Sierra Leone is losing large revenue that could have been earned from taxes and licensing agreements.[9] Those revenues could be reinvested for example in the healthcare sector to help those people whose health is affected by mining operations.[10]
Research suggests that 50% of Sierra Leone's diamonds were smuggled annually.[11] NACE argues that with good institutional reforms, Sierra Leone can increase mineral exports seven-fold by 2020.[12] Sierra Leone's mining performance is extremely poor as compared to Botswana, where mining contributes approximately 38% to their GDP.[13]
Rutile [ edit ]
Sierra Leone is ranked as one of the top five producers of rutile, a titanium ore, used in paint pigment and welding rod coatings. The government issued leases for mining rutile are held by Sierra Rutile Limited which is owned by Titanium Resources Group which is owned by European and U.S investors. These leases cover 580 km2 of land where there are 19 identified deposits of rutile. In 2009 the Government of Sierra Leone received Le 1,854 million in royalties from rutile mining.[14][15]
In 2009 production decreased by 19.07 percent to 63,860 tons, and exports were worth US$ 35,920,300.[16]
On the 8th of December 2016, Sierra Rutile Limited, Sierra Leone's largest rutile producer was acquired by Australian mineral sands miner Iluka Resources.
Gold [ edit ]
Gold mining in Sierra Leone consisted of small scale operation exploiting alluvial deposits.[5] After the end of the Sierra Leone Civil War exploration of gold grew and by 2013 to 2015 new modern mines are expected to be in production. In 2010 Cluff Gold, a British company, found gold deposits in the rocks of the southern Kangari hills and is planning to build a mechanised mine to extract it.[17]
In 2009 production levels of gold fell by 17.71 percent to 5060 Troy Ounces (157 kg) from 6150 Troy Ounces (191 kg) in 2008. This was due to a drop in mining activity in the second half of the year and was despite a rise in the price of gold on the global market. The drop may also have been due to increased smuggling as the Government of Sierra Leone had raised the duty to higher than the neighboring countries. The increase in the value of gold meant gold exports were worth 15.73 percent more at US$4,764,000 in 2009 compared to US$4,116,400 in 2008.[16]
Diamonds [ edit ]
1.3 carat, brown, octahedral diamond crystal from Sierra Leone
Diamonds are found in about a quarter of Sierra Leone in the south-east and east of the country, with the diamond fields cover 7,700 square miles. The main production areas are concentrated around the drainage areas of rivers in the Kono, Kenema and Bo Districts. In the Kono, Kenema, Bo and Pujehun Districts there are 1,700 artisanal mining licenses in operation.[5]
In 2009 the government recorded exports of 400,480 carats (80,096 g) of diamonds, this included 143,620 carats (28,724 g) of industrial diamonds and 256,860 (51,372 g) of gem diamonds. This was and increase of 7.86 percent on the previous year which was a result of legislative changes, in the form of a new mining law, to enable fees and royalties to be collected more effectively and an increase in the amount of diamond mining. Diamond exports were worth US$ 78,373,900 in 2009 accounting for 59 percent of the country's exports. The drop in the value of diamonds on the world market meant that the value of diamond exports decreased by 20.68 percent in 2009 compared to 2008.[16]
The largest diamond found in Sierra Leone, and the third largest diamond in the world, was a 969.8 carat (194 g) rough diamond. It was found in 1972 and named the An-al of Sierra Leone.[5][18]
Sierra Leone should have been one of the world's richest countries, being blessed with resources, including gold and diamonds. However, it remains one of the world's poorest countries, ranking 203 out of 206 countries by World Development Report.[8][19] Wealth that diamonds should have brought is not evident, and Sierra Leone is still emerging from scars from the recent brutal Sierra Leone Civil War, which was fuelled by illicit diamond trading. Revenue from mining in Sierra Leone has not been redistributed to benefit the larger population.[20] The mining industry contributed 4.5% towards its Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in 2007.[1] Economic development is low due to poor management of resources and unrealized potential revenue.
Bauxite [ edit ]
Sierra Leone's production of bauxite, an aluminium ore, is around one percent of the total global production. Deposits occur between Moyamba and Mano, on the Freetown Peninsular, at Krim-Kpaka in the Pujehun District, southern Sierra Leone; in north on the road from Falaba to Waia, at Kamakwie and Makumre.[5]
Sierra Minerals Holdings is the only company mining bauxite in the country, and the second largest employer in the mining industry.[14] It runs the Sieromco Bauxite Mine as well as holding the mining lease to 321.7 km2.[14][16] In 2009 production of bauxite fell by 22.17 percent to 742,820 tons. This was due to Sierra Minerals ceasing production from June to September 2009 as a response to falling global demand for aluminum, which is produced from bauxite.[16]
Iron [ edit ]
Mining for haematite iron ore recommenced at Marampa mine on 11 February 2010 after 35 years. The mine is owned by London Mining which also owns an exploration license covering 319 km².[21]
The Tonkolili region hosts the biggest iron ore deposit in Africa and the third largest in the world, exploited by African Minerals, in the hills around Bumbuna, Mabonto and Bendugu[22][23]
Governance [ edit ]
Institutions [ edit ]
Inefficiency and corruption of Sierra Leone's institutions are impeding its economic growth. Absence of well-established institutions is the result of the destructive civil war which ended only in 2002. World Bank's assistance brought reforms but also allowed local government to become lax. The Ministry of Mineral Resources (Sierra Leone)(MMR) administers the regulations and property rights of the Mines and Minerals Act (Sierra Leone) in 2009.[24] However, licences made by mining companies were only published in 2011.[25]
This reflects inefficiency in establishing a legal framework due to time-lag. It is also questionable whether there are proper corruption-checking mechanisms. Although the Sierra Leone Anti-corruption Commission (ACC) investigates corruption cases, critics have that noted it could merely be a political tool to quieten the government's political opponents. However, the ACC objects to this and claims it is impartial. Pervasive corruption and unstable political environment stymie Sierra Leone's economic growth and decrease investors' confidence in Sierra Leone's business and political climate.
Mining industry and other Economic Sectors [ edit ]
Policies regarding well-management of mining industry should be done alongside a broader focus for the economy's development, and greater efforts should be done to expand the manufacturing and service sector, which currently only contribute 12% to the GDP.[1] Sierra Leone produces raw diamonds but gem-quality diamonds are manufactured in developed countries like Belgium. For example, the government of Sierra Leone can provide greater tax incentives for investors to conduct businesses and invest in Sierra Leone, to facilitate the transfer of technology and skills to the native workers. One recent example is the Gemstone School Sierra Leone, which was established as an institution to improve diamond polishing, cutting and jewelry-manufacturing skills to boost job-training and employment opportunities locally and to attract overseas investors.[26]
More efforts from the government and Multi-National Corporations can hence be done in the future to build more diamond-processing facilities and plants in Sierra Leone to boost the diamond mining industry.
The Italian has rightly been handed a two-year deal as the club's permanent manager, ending immediate discussion over a future role for the ex-Barcelona boss
By Chris MysonWinning the Champions League in May was still not enough for Roberto Di Matteo to be considered the cast-iron choice for the job of Chelsea manager but, after some deliberation, Roman Abramovich has given the Italian their full backing.
The Blues have officially appointed the Italian on a two-year contract in a fully-deserved move after they turned the club's fortunes around so dramatically after the sacking of Andre Villas-Boas, and Pep Guardiola initially being groomed as the long-term successor.
That Champions League glory would have been enough for the Italian to name their terms at any other club. Chelsea, though, still pondered their options for weeks after that success and, as Goal.com revealed, tried to sound out Guardiola.
Then, it appeared Di Matteo would indeed get the role, but only on a one-year deal - a move that would hardly have been a clear message of support for the club icon, who also enjoyed a successful playing career at Stamford Bridge.
Guardiola was the man Abramovich wanted and they were prepared to appoint Di Matteo for a year just to keep the seat warm for the Catalan to replace them in 2013.
But the former Stamford Bridge player has now rightly usurped the former Barcelona coach by achieving the ‘Holy Grail' that was the Russian's dream by guiding them to the Champions League.
It would have sent out the wrong message for football if, after achieving such success, Di Matteo had missed out on the job altogether or only been given a short-term contract.
For some, the ex-West Brom boss was a surprise choice even as the interim manager after the club's investment in Villas-Boas went disastrously wrong and resulted in the end of their reign in early March.
However, Di Matteo showed a level of temperament that defies their lack of top-level experience and short coaching career to date, uniting a fragmented dressing room and reverting back to the tactics that have proved successful for Chelsea in the past.
While they could not reverse their slide out of the top four places in the Premier League, they masterminded their FA Cup success and amazingly led the club to European glory, beating Napoli, Benfica, Barcelona and Bayern Munich in a European run that will never be forgotten.
SUCCESSFUL START
DI MATTEO'S CHELSEA RECORD
GAMES
WINS
DRAWS
LOSSES
WIN PERCENTAGE
TROPHIES WON
21
13
5
3
61.9%
2
Chelsea had been written off as an aging side who were in need of urgent surgery, but Di Matteo's faith in the club's old guard proved to be a masterstroke as Frank Lampard, Didier Drogba & Co. secured their own place in footballing folklore.
The manager has earned the right to be the man who will shape Chelsea's immediate future and make-up of the playing squad as they try to achieve further European success while re-establishing themselves in the upper echelons of the Premier League.
After being appointed, a thrilled Di Matteo said: “I'm obviously delighted to have been appointed as manager.
“We all achieved incredible success last season that made history for this great club. Our aim is to continue building on that and I'm already planning and looking forward to the squad's return for pre-season."
With Eden Hazard and Marko Marin already signed and Hulk reportedly set to follow, these are very exciting times for Chelsea supporters and Di Matteo will be the man leading the club in what they hope will be the first stages of a successful dynasty.
It is now up to them to prove their early success was not just a flash in the pan and kick-start a new era at the club, carefully re-shaping the playing squad so they can remain on top for many years to come.
It is a chance they fully deserve and judging from their performance so far, you would not bet against them achieving just that and winning more silverware under the title of permanent manager.
Items from Brunel's 19th century Great Western railway have been excavated by archaeologists at a site in London
© Crossrail
© Crossrail
© Crossrail
© Great Western Trust
© Great Western Trust
© Crossrail
© Crossrail
© Crossrail
Artefacts from a Victorian-era transport infrastructure, built by engineering forefather Isambard Kingdom Brunel for their broad-gauge Great Western steam railway nearly 200 years ago, are being laser scanned after archaeologists discovered them near Paddington as part of an extensive search for ancient rail remnants.A 200-metre long engine shed, workshop and train turntables were found on a construction site known as Paddington New Yard, to the east of Westbourne Park Tube Station, in a glimpse of the industrial past and Brunel's designs for a track first used in 1838.The shed shows evidence of the switch made from the seven foot-wide broad guage train tracks, used by Great Western, to the standard gauge tracks prescribed in an Act of Parliament and implemented by the 1960s – a ruling Brunel resisted, creating a conflict known as the Gauge Wars.A series of 3D modles are now being made of the 1850s buildings, which were levelled and replaced by a goods storage yard in 1906.“Whenever we expose parts of the original infrastructure it is vital to record these for posterity and the history of rail in this country,” said Jay Carver, the Lead Archaeologist on the site, who added that the scanning technology would lead to a “permanent and accurate” model of Brunel's “distinctive architectural legacy.”“Isambard Kingdom Brunel's Great Western Railway is the most complete early mainline railway in the world.”New tracks, turn-back sidings, an elevated bus deck and a cement factory will be accommodated at the site from 2018.
0 Shares
Back in July of 2015, WWE completely washed their hands of Hulk Hogan after a number of racial comments came to light. Their contract with WWE was terminated and all references of them were deleted from their website. Could Hulk be coming back in the near future?
We mentioned prior that Hulk has been showing up more and more on programming on the WWE Network. It has been subtle, but a big step from a year ago when you couldn't find a trace of them online.
TMZ recently caught up with their daughter: Brooke Hogan, outside of a club. They were asked if their dad will be returning to wrestling and WWE anytime soon.
Here is what they said:
“I'll just say I know that people have been calling him…… For Wrestlemania”
They got into their car and pulled away before they could be asked any further questions.
[irp posts=”16594″ name=”Kevin Owens And Seth Rollins Imitate The Rock and Hulk Hogan At WWE Live Event (VIDEO)”]
It looks like their daughter might have let the cat out of the bag for a potential Wrestlemania 33 surprise appearance from the Hulkster. I think many fans knew Hogan would be back at some point after everything blew over. The question is, is Wrestlemania 33 too soon for them to be brought back?
I think there would still be significant outrage if they were to return.
Let us know what you think in the comment section below!
We already know Touch ID secures your digital fingerprint by storing it in a secure enclave on the Apple A7, only accessible to the sensor itself. It allows the iPhone 5s to better allow for both convenience and security. But what if that wasn't the only safeguard Apple took in order to protect your prints? We've taken a closer look at Touch ID and, through collaboration with repair company mendmyi, found that Apple has taken extra precautions beyond the secure enclave, on a hardware level that we've never seen implemented before. Apple has touted Touch ID as a secure hardware path from the beginning. Here's the explanation straight from Apple:
Touch ID does not store any images of your fingerprint. It stores only a mathematical representation of your fingerprint. It isn't possible for your actual fingerprint image to be reverse-engineered from this mathematical representation. iPhone 5s also includes a new advanced security architecture called the Secure Enclave within the A7 chip, which was developed to protect passcode and fingerprint data. Fingerprint data is encrypted and protected with a key available only to the Secure Enclave. Fingerprint data is used only by the Secure Enclave to verify that your fingerprint matches the enrolled fingerprint data. The Secure Enclave is walled off from the rest of A7 and as well as the rest of iOS. Therefore, your fingerprint data is never accessed by iOS or other apps, never stored on Apple servers, and never backed up to iCloud or anywhere else. Only Touch ID uses it and it can't be used to match against other fingerprint databases.
Apple doesn't make specific mention of any other additional safeguards. However, as we discovered through some research and testing of our own, it seems as though Apple went through the trouble of pairing every individual Touch ID sensor cable to each individual phone as well. That's an incredible feat, and it immediately raises the question - why? Our investigation into the Touch ID assembly started when mendmyi contacted me about an issue with Touch ID on a customer's phone. It had come in for their Colour Lab service. The video below demonstrates the issue: In order to try and rectify the problem, many steps were attempted. These included swapping out the Touch ID sensor for one verified to work, replacing the dock connector the Touch ID makes contact with, and even replacing the logic board itself. When each different hardware fix was attempted, a DFU restore was performed as well. Nothing worked. It was baffling. It was then discovered that the Touch ID sensor currently in the device was not the original one that came in the device. Once the original was returned, Touch ID started working again. At this point, we knew there had to be some additional, previously undisclosed, hardware lockdown going on. To test this theory, we took two iPhone 5s handsets that had never been opened before, and verified Touch ID was working on both. The front assemblies, which contain the Touch ID assembly itself, were then removed and swapped. After re-assembly, both Touch ID setups failed. When returned to the original device, Touch ID once again operated correctly. This confirmed for us that the Touch ID component cable assembly itself is tied to each individual A7 chip. I asked our resident security expert, Nick Arnott, if they had any thoughts on why Apple would find this necessary. While none of this can be confirmed, these are their thoughts on why Apple may have taken the extra precaution:
It's hard to say why Apple might lock the A7 chip to a specific Touch ID sensor. One possibility could be to try and prevent any sort of sniffing or interception taking place between the Touch ID sensor and the secure enclave. Sort of like a hardware equivalent to SSL certificate pinning. By pairing the A7 chip to a specific Touch ID, this could make it more difficult for tinkerers to try and intercept communications to reverse engineer how the components talk to each other. This could also mitigate possible risks of malicious third-party Touch IDs being installed in a user's device without their knowledge which could capture a user's fingerprint for an attacker, while passing it on to the A7 chip to allow a user to continue to use their device as normal, without any indication it has been tampered with. If Apple instead used some sort of shared key that was used by all Touch ID sensors to authenticate with the A7 chip, it would only take one Touch ID's key being hacked to compromise all of them. Being tied to a unique Touch ID sensor on each phone means installing something like a malicious Touch ID sensor would require cracking each device you want to attack individually.
I think all Nick's points are valid and could certainly explain what Apple was getting at in their own description of Touch ID when they say it isn't possible for your fingerprint to be reverse-engineered. One thing is for sure, I'd be very curious to see if these kinds of security precautions are taken in other fingerprint readers such as the one found in the HTC One Max. Update: Interesting take from natevancouver on Twitter as well:
@noir @reneritchie Sounds like HDMI Protected Media Path. Really good to have if they plan to introduce a touch-based payment system.
Saracens' second-row Alistair Hargreaves has retired from rugby due to concussion.
Hargreaves, who made 79 appearances for the Aviva Premiership champions, hangs up their boots following medical advice.
"It's been a very tough decision to make. I've suffered a number of concussions in the last two seasons and after seeking medical advice I've come to the conclusion that the risk is outweighing the reward," Hargreaves said. "I have a young family, I have to make decisions that are right by them and although this was a hard decision for me personally it's one that I feel is the right one to make.
"The club have been amazing ever since I walked through the doors, but especially over the last twelve months when I've been suffering from injuries and concussion. They have been a constant source of support in a really emotional and difficult time.
"The first person I spoke to about this was Mark [McCall] and they were completely supportive of my decision. This club puts people first and their interests throughout have been 'what's best for me and my family' and I'm extremely grateful for the way they have handled the situation."
Hargreaves made four appearances for the Springboks and has been instrumental in the club's recent success.
Saracens director of rugby, Mark McCall: "The welfare of our players is of paramount importance -- we are fully supportive of Alistair's decision.
"Since arriving in 2012 Alistair has developed into one of the most influential players within the squad. They have played a key role in our recent success with their character, hard-work and leadership coming to the fore over the last four seasons. We wish Alistair, their wife Carmen and their young son the very best for the future."
Google CEO Larry Page likes to talk about taking "big bets" into new areas like driverless cars and delivery services. An acquisition of Uber might be a gamble that could pay off for both companies.
The companies are heading in some of the same directions. Both Uber and Google are now working on driverless car technology and transportation and delivery services.
On Monday, Uber announced the creation of the "Uber Advanced Technologies Center" in Pittsburgh through a partnership with Carnegie Mellon University, which will focus on long-term technology in the areas of mapping, vehicle safety and "autonomy technology."
[ Free download: Mobile management vendors compared ]
Were Google to acquire Uber, it might head off a possible confrontation between the companies as both push deeper into developing similar services.
There's no clear sign that Google is actually trying to buy Uber, which has been valued at more than $40 billion. But it's already a major investor, having put at least $258 million into Uber, and it may have good reasons to go all the way to a buyout.
Delivery is one business where the companies might be better off together, with Uber's transportation know-how and Google's consumer data.
Both are just getting their feet wet in this area. Google has its same-day Shopping Express service, which uses cars to deliver items from select retailers, though only in a handful of cities including San Francisco, Chicago and Boston. It's also looking to use drones to deliver items from the sky, like packages for disaster relief, through its Project Wing initiative. Uber, meanwhile, began testing a cargo delivery service in Hong Kong last month, and has also tested fast food delivery in Los Angeles. Its UberRush courier service for package delivery is available in New York City.
Increasingly, Google knows what people want and where they go, while Uber knows how to manage things that move around.
"Google buying Uber makes a tremendous amount of sense as long as Google understands that it's not buying a ride hailing or ridesharing service, it's buying a new transportation platform," said James McQuivey, an industry analyst at Forrester who studies digital disruption among major consumer companies.
"In some ways, Uber will never become the Uber it promises to be if it doesn't team up with a company that knows as much about you -- and has as much permission to offer solutions to you -- as Google does," they said.
The companies may also be heading for a showdown on Uber's turf. Google is preparing to offer its own ride hailing service, according to a report in Bloomberg Business on Monday, though a subsequent Wall Street Journal report said the app was geared more toward internal employee carpooling.
Google responded only in the form of a cryptic tweet that said, "We think you'll find Uber and Lyft work quite well. We use them all the time."
If Google doesn't have its own ride hailing app in the works, Uber's own would be handy to have.
But there are also good reasons for Google not to buy Uber. For one, Uber faces opposition on multiple fronts, from regulators, safety advocates and the taxi industry. Those are issues Google might not want to take on, though it would have more money and lobbying power to bring to the fight.
And let's not forget how much Google would be biting off if it tried to buy the company. Even at its $40 billion valuation, with no premium, Uber would be a big acquisition for any company.
But Facebook's acquisition of WhatsApp, which closed at $22 billion, shows how much some companies are willing to pay to expand their business and customer base.
Uber may well fit into Google's big picture, which is to be the entry point through which people go about their day, whether it's with search, media, communications or entertainment. The company showed it wasn't afraid of tackling new areas when it entered the connected home last year by buying Nest for more than $3 billion.
"Getting around is another one of those common things that people do that is stuck in analog technology, for the most part," said Brian Blau, an industry analyst at Gartner who studies consumer technology.
Uber, they said, represents to Google another path away out of the analog world and into the digital realm where it thrives.
Zach Miners covers social networking, search and general technology news for IDG News Service. Follow Zach on Twitter at @zachminers. Zach's e-mail address is zach_miners@idg.com
Most of us want to swim in a lake where we can see our toes. Clear, oxygen-rich water supports not only human swimmers, but also intricate webs of animal and microbial life. That life can be disrupted when too many nutrients — from fertilizers, pollution, and other factors — overload the system. In those cases, aquatic ecosystems can cross a tipping point: the nutrients cause algae to bloom, and the extra bacteria eating the extra algae use up all the oxygen in the water. The end result is a murky, green lake that is difficult to restore, despite herculean interventions.
Promising new research out of the Harvard Forest, funded by the National Science Foundation and published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), offers insights on how and why these tipping points occur. “The first step to preventing tipping points is to understand what causes them in the first place,” said Aaron Ellison, senior ecologist at the forest and co-author of the study, “and for that you need an experiment where you can demonstrate cause and effect.”
In the PNAS study, the Harvard research team demonstrated how to reliably trigger tipping points by continually adding a set amount of organic matter — comparable to decomposing algae in a lake — to a small aquatic ecosystem.
But the team did not conduct their experiments in lakes or ponds. Instead, they worked in the tiny confines of pitcher plants: carnivorous plants native to eastern North America. Each pitcher-shaped leaf holds about a quarter of an ounce of rainwater; inside is a complex, multilevel food web of fly larvae and bacteria. “The pitcher plant itself is its own little ecosystem,” said Jennie Sirota, an undergraduate at North Dakota State University and lead author of the PNAS study. Sirota led the field and lab components of the study as an intern in the Harvard Forest Summer Research Program.
Similar to lake ecosystems, oxygen levels inside the water of a pitcher plant are controlled by photosynthesis and the behavior of resident organisms — in this case, mostly bacteria. According to Ellison, doing an experiment with bacteria is like fast-forwarding through a video: “A bacterial generation is 20 minutes, maybe an hour. In contrast, fish in a lake have generation times of a year or more. We would need to study a lake for 100 years to get the same information that we can get from a pitcher plant in less than a week,” they explained. “The same mathematical models can be used to describe either a pitcher plant ecosystem or a lake.”
To approximate a nutrient overload in the pitcher-plant water, the team fed the plants set amounts of ground-up wasps, “equivalent to a 200-pound person eating up to either one or two McDonalds quarter-pounders every day for four days,” said Ellison. Surprising to the researchers was the consistency of the tipping points they created. In pitcher plants where high densities of ground-up wasps had been added, an ecosystem tipping point reliably occurred around 45 hours after the start of feeding.
Now that they have a way to create tipping points, the researchers' next step will be to identify the early warning signs before one occurs. “Tipping points may be easy to prevent,” Ellison said, “if we know what to look for.”
Nathan Brannen has had a pretty good career so far...he's a two time Olympian, has overcome some pretty devastating setbacks (including a herniated back disk, an injury that doctors warned could have ended their career), cleaned up in the NCAA as a member of the u Michigan team, is the owner of four Canadian records in ranging middle distances, and has a commonwealth silver medal...but here's the thing..at 32, he's not done yet, and he's aiming higher than ever, including setting their sights on a podium spot in Rio.
On the show today, Nate Brannen, the middle distance maverick from Cambridge Ontario talks training, sacrifice and the highs and lows of a running career that is nowhere near finished.
Follow their journey on the web at NateBrannen.com or on Twitter @NateBrannen. While you're there, keep up to date with all things Terminal Mile and follow @TheTerminalMile.
Posted 4 years ago by Trackie | Source: Michael Rochus
The Christmas Leprechaun Wishes You and Yours a Very Merry Christmas
Santa Claus is dead.
Not figuratively, like “people are jaded and don't believe in miracles anymore.” Literally, they bit the bullet. Figuratively. They were actually thrown out of their sleigh into a volcano. Weird way to go for Santa Claus, but you have to commend them for trying to deliver gifts to those children living next to a volcano.
Santa Claus is dead. Time of death: 6:66 p.m. on December 23, 2012. I know what you're thinking. Actually, you could be thinking a few different things. On all accounts, shut up.
Don't be sad that he's dead. These things happen. The old adage holds true. In your despair, you better not shout. You better not cry. You better not pout, and I'm telling you why. Santa Claus is…oh…right, because he's dead. That's my mistake. One of those “foot in mouth” deals.
If you're still reading this — which you're probably not, and I can't blame you — you're probably thinking “why would Santa fall out of their sleigh?” The answer is simple. They got too fat. This entire piece is an allegory to teach young kids the importance of fighting obesity in America.
Just kidding, who cares about that. No question mark, because it's not a question. It's a statement. Written in question form. The truth is, they were murdered by the Christmas Leprechaun.
What we have here is a sort of Zeus-Hades feud going. If you were alive around 300 B.C., you may remember talk of the Christmas Leprechaun. They and Mr. Claus had the most lively, jovial competition with each other to see who would reign supreme on Christmas. Then the Leprechaun tried to murder Santa Claus' wife, and things took a more serious turn.
Well, now the circle is complete. I'm here to help you cope with this new reality, and offer you a guide to appeasing this new Christmas deity and ensure you and your family have a happy holiday and a merry Christmas.
Step one: Don't celebrate Christmas – Seriously. This leprechaun hates Christmas, and their wrath is only outmatched by theirs cruelty.
Step two: If you must celebrate Christmas, use a fake tree – The leprechaun doesn't have a preference, it's just that real trees are more flammable, and you're going to want to avoid anything that can catch on fire from the Molotov cocktails they drops down your chimney.
Step three: Block your chimney – This won't stop him, but it may buy you enough time to get most of your family out of the house alive.
Step four: Don't leave them a treat – They only eats people, and regardless, you're going to want all the food you can get for the oncoming Leprepocalypse. Yeah, he's actually a herald of the end times…probably should have mentioned that in step one…
Step five: Don't sing carols – They hate them. If you must, try singing “12 Days of Christmas,” but replace every line with “Leprechaun's a-ruling.” The song gets repetitive and the syllables just throw the whole thing off, but at least he'll let you finish the song before they eat you.
Step six: Santa Claus used to inspire good – They saw you when you were sleeping, and they knew when you were awake, and when you were bad or good. The jolly Christmas Leprechaun is the same, except they don't care how you act, they just wants to feast on your deltoids.
Step seven: The great Christmas Leprechaun hates religious Christmas – They also hate nondenominational Christmas, Hannukah, St. Patrick's Day (ironically), Easter, Valentine's Day, Halloween, and Veteran's Day. Especially Veteran's Day. Most of all, they hate you.
Step eight: I don't think I'm going to get to step ten. As you can see, this list has already stopped including actual steps…just more like statements now…
Step nine: Merry Christmas, from At The Buzzer and the Christmas Leprechaun! Now take this list, lose all hope, fall into the despair of the void as black as your soul, and go out there and enjoy your holiday!
How do trades take place?
To understand the upside to this system, we must first delve into how regular trades take place at present. First off, someone wishing to sell their cryptocurrency will input the amount they want to part with as well as the proceeds that they expect from the exchange. This sale order will then appear in the system and will get processed once a buyer comes into the market and finds the offer appealing. In some cases, a buyer may come in and lack what they wish to buy, and they will thus create their order, specifying what they would like and for how much.
As you can see, the waiting time can vary as there is a need for two matching orders for a transaction to get completed. Once two offers are in agreement, the third party processes the amounts and sends out the cash rewards to each party. The operations get thereby left in the company's system, and the third party will have to await the completion of the transactions. This whole procedure could take up to a week to come to an end.
In the case of the decentralized system, buyers and sellers place their orders, much like the case with the first system. However, once matches come about, the system redirects the entire process to the parties, thus eliminating the need of an intermediary. As such, the process takes place in a faster manner and is economical to all parties involved. The only time that a third party comes into the scene is when there is a dispute, and there is a need for an agreement. Otherwise, the system can handle all the tasks on its own.
The new dating site will soon be able to match up those Americans who have threatened to leave the country if Trump is elected with Canadians who are happily staying in their country. Its message states that it “makes it easy for Americans to find the ideal Canadian partner to save them from the unfathomable horror of a Trump presidency.”
For those not heeding their parents' suggestion that maybe missionary work could be a way to get out of the country, Maple Match gives singles the shining hope that they could live in a different country while also finding oot* who the love of their life could be.
Couples who find love through the site can invite Joe Goldman to their weddings. The 25-year-old Texas based education researcher and entrepreneur started the site after hearing many friends threaten to leave the U.S. if Trump proves victorious.
“I have always been fascinated by Canada,” Goldman told NBC News. “So I thought to myself, ‘given the current political situation, this could bring Canadians and Americans closer together .'”
As the site stands now, you can join the waitlist by adding basic information, declaring citizenship and specifying who you'd like to “shack up with.” One click of the “SAVE ME FROM THIS MADNESS” button and your escape plan has begun.
The site launched last week and the sign-up numbers have started to climb. Goldman said 13,000 people have signed up with a quarter of them being Canadian. They hope to start the matching process soon. “The response has been tremendous,' they said. “I'm getting people from all over, but the strongest responses have been from Seattle and New York City. Our first inquires came from Billings, Montana.”
Bwah: ‘Maple Match' Dating Site Hooks Up Trump-Hating Americans With Canadians https://t.co/Db3rRmGbRe via @nbcnews — S.E. Cupp (@secupp) May 11, 2016
Goldman acknowledges that a lot of the hype around the site is politically driven but believes Maple Match will be in it for the long haul. “It's funny thinking that if Trump goes away there will be no more Maple Match,” they told The Guardian. “But while the humor is there to generate attention , what will ultimately interest people is their passion for finding someone who means something to them.”
As with humor and politics, tons of people are chiming in with their thoughts on Maple Match.
The site won't cost you anything to sign up except maybe a Trump-loving friend. Do you find the new dating site Funny or Offensive? VOTE and COMMENT below…
(**FOO does not condone the overuse of the word “oot” in an article about Canada. We barely used it once, eh?)
Supporters of the Republican tax plan claim that business tax cuts, including cutting corporate tax rates and immediate expensing of non-structure investments will increase U.S. business investment and economic growth. However, this one-sided analysis ignores the impacts of financing the tax cut package by adding $1.5 trillion to federal budget deficits over the next decade. Past experience has shown deficit-financed tax cuts are associated with higher interest rates, an overvalued U.S. dollar and growing trade deficits.
A recent report from the Council of Economic Advisors claims that tax cuts and the immediate expensing of equipment (non-structural) investments will reduce the user cost of capital (UCC), “increasing firms' investment, desired capital stock, and potential output.” In addition, they claim that lowering the UCC will lead “multinational corporations and foreign capital…to invest in the U.S. economy.” These arguments could have some merit if the plan were revenue neutral, and financed by closing loopholes and through other tax reforms. However, domestic and foreign businesses are unlikely to invest in the United States if there is inadequate demand for domestically produced goods. U.S. manufacturing and other traded goods industries (including agricultural products and other traded commodities) will be hard hit by the Republican tax plan, because it is financed through a large increase in the government budget deficit. Further, real-world evidence indicates that the UCC facing American corporations is already incredibly low yet business investment remains quite sluggish. In short, the UCC is not a current constraint on American investment, so efforts to reduce it further will miss the point in aiming to boost this investment.
Tax cuts that boost post-tax profitability and increase budget deficits will draw in capital from abroad. But while cutting corporate taxes will potentially boost private savings available for investment, the resulting rise in budget deficits will reduce public savings. This rise in budget deficits could well increase the UCC and offset some or all of the investment incentives of the business tax cut). Further, these higher interest rates will attract foreign capital that will partially finance the deficit and hence increase demand for Treasury Securities and other dollar denominated assets. This will, in turn, increase the value of the U.S. dollar. Increases in the value of the dollar will increase the cost of U.S. exports and reduce the cost of imported goods, resulting in rapidly growing imports and reduced exports, reducing overall demand for domestically produced traded goods. Manufacturing will be especially hard hit because manufacturing generates about 80% of all traded goods (imports plus exports).
These distortions may be heightened if business tax cuts succeed in attracting more investment in non-traded goods sectors, such as real estate. This happened in the first decade of this century, when foreign capital inflows helped finance the housing boom that eventually led to the crash of financial markets in the United States and other countries. Increased demand for non-traded assets can exacerbate excess demand for the dollar, leading to even larger dollar appreciation, growing trade deficits and reduced national competitiveness. These cycles can have long-run consequences. The United States has lost over 5 million manufacturing jobs since 1998, and manufacturing employment has not recovered even the jobs lost in the last recession, and these jobs were mostly lost due to growing trade deficits.
We've seen this story before and we know how it will end. The Reagan Tax Cut of 1981 (the Economic Recovery and Tax Act) and the Bush tax cuts of 2001 (the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act) were both major, deficit-financed tax cuts and both had similar impacts on the economy. The Reagan tax cut contributed to the U.S. budget deficit more than doubling from 2.5 percent of GDP in 1981 to 5.6 percent in 1983, and to remain above 4 percent of GDP through 1986. The increased deficit was financed with an inflow of foreign savings, which increased demand for the U.S. dollar. As a result, the real (price-adjusted) value of the dollar against major currencies rose 27 percent (on average) between 1981 and 1985, and the goods trade deficit increased from 0.6 percent of GDP in 1980 to 2.7 percent in 1985. Millions of manufacturing jobs were lost, Congress threatened to impose tariffs on major trade partners, and ultimately, Treasury Secretary James Baker negotiated the Plaza Accord to realign the dollar and rebalance trade.
The Bush tax cuts of 2001 also contributed to a massive increase in the government budget deficit, which increased from 0.5 percent of GDP in 2001 to 4.6 percent of GDP in 2003 and 4.1 percent in 2004 (the Bush deficits were magnified also by the recession of 2001 and by the costs of the Iraq war). Each of these factors also helped sustain and increase a massively over-valued U.S. dollar. The real value of the dollar began to rise in 1998 (due to the Asian financial crisis), and peaked in February 2002 at a level that was about 13.5 percent higher than before that crisis began. Although the dollar began to fall thereafter, the goods trade deficit continued to climb due to currency manipulation by China, Japan, and number of other countries, peaking at 6.1 percent of GDP in 2006.
These examples lead to three inescapable conclusions. First, the Republican plan to cut business taxes will clearly reduce the competitiveness of American manufacturing and other traded goods industries, by driving up the value of the dollar and U.S. trade deficits. Second, tax cuts will increase, not reduce, budget deficits, as illustrated by prior experience and the resulting upward pressure on interest rates will undo any potential gains from increased private savings following the boost to post-tax profitability. Finally, the Republican tax plan will, at best, have trivial effects on the rate of growth of output in the United States. Reducing the competitiveness of American manufacturing and other goods producing industries will reduce, not increase capital investment. Even in the best possible case, tax cuts simply redistribute growth from traded to non-traded industries, reinforcing the downward pressure on wages as good jobs in manufacturing are destroyed by growing trade deficits, only to be replaced by lower paying jobs in services industries, as has been the case since the end of the great recession.
Finally, contrary to the promises of its supporters, cutting business taxes will not boost American wages. Rather, the tax plan will simply redistribute income from the bottom up—households in the bottom 40 percent of household would get a tax increase by 2027, while nearly two thirds (or more) of the benefits would go to households in the top one percent. This Robin Hood-in-reverse plan would be a disaster for most working families, and is nothing more than a payoff to the Trump family and the wealthy individuals and big business that helped put them in office. Worse yet, it is a slap in the face to the millions of working class voters that put them over the top in the 2016 election. Members of Congress should stop this bill before it is too late.
HONG KONG, Aug 1 (Reuters) - Three quarters of China's solar-grade polysilicon producers face closure as Beijing looks to overhaul a bloated and inefficient industry, resulting in fewer but better companies to compete against Germany's Wacker Chemie AG and South Korea's OCI Co Ltd.
The polysilicon sector, which has around 40 companies employing 30,000 people and has received investment of 100 billion yuan ($16 billion), suffers from low quality and chronic over-capacity as local governments poured in money to feed a fast-growing solar panel industry, for which polysilicon is a key feedstock.
Demand for solar panels has eased since the global financial crisis, forcing governments worldwide to slash solar power subsidies, and leaving China sitting on idle capacity and mounting losses. To help prop up the solar industry, Beijing plans to more than quadruple solar power generating capacity to 35 gigawatts (GW) by 2015 to use up some of the huge domestic panel glut. It has also said it will accelerate technological upgrades in polysilicon to weed out inefficient producers and “nurture a batch of internationally competitive producers.”
People in the polysilicon industry say the moves will halve China's production capacity to 100,000 tonnes a year, leaving around 10 relatively strong firms with better technology and cost efficiency.
“Most producers will be eliminated rather than acquired. This may sound cruel, but is the reality as they are technologically uncompetitive,” Lu Jinbiao, a senior official at China's top polysilicon producer GCL-Poly Energy, told Reuters.
The challenges mirror those faced by much of China's manufacturing sector, from cement and steel to shipbuilding - local governments chasing jobs and economic growth over-invested in often high-cost, low-tech capacity in the mid-2000s when demand for solar panels was booming. That boom is now over.
“Large amounts of ineffective, high-cost production capacity will exit the market,” said Ma Haitian, deputy secretary general of the Silicon Industry of China Nonferrous Metals Industry Association, a Beijing-based industry lobby.
PRICE SLUMP
As smaller polysilicon producers, with average annual capacity of a few thousand tonnes, are pushed out, the likely winners will be larger producers such as GCL Poly, TBEA Co Ltd , China Silicon Corp and Daqo New Energy Corp. The shake-out is already underway as polysilicon prices have plunged to below $20 per kg from a 2008 peak of almost $400, forcing some producers in the northwestern province of Ningxia and eastern China's Zhejiang province to file for bankruptcy.
Their plight is made worse by cheaper, and better quality, imports from producers such as MEMC Pasadena Inc and Michigan-based Hemlock Semiconductor Group - a venture of Dow Corning, Shin-Etsu Handotai and Mitsubishi Materials Corp - and Norway's Renewable Energy.
Of the 69,000 tonnes of solar-grade polysilicon China consumed in January-June, 41,000 tonnes were imported, according to industry data. China's solar panel makers prefer imported polysilicon, which has a higher purity that helps in energy conversion, company executives say.
Foreign polysilicon producers can break even at prices of around $20/kg, while break-even for Chinese firms with capacity of 10,000 tonnes or more is $20-$25, say industry specialists, who noted that most smaller Chinese producers had begun to lose money when prices slipped to $30-$40.
“Restructuring is a must. Most Chinese polysilicon enterprises will disappear and only about 10 will survive,” said Glenn Gu, senior solar analyst at consultant IHS in Shanghai.
NEW DAWN?
In an apparent bid to protect its domestic industry, Beijing this month imposed preliminary anti-dumping duties on U.S. and South Korean polysilicon imports, but has yet to decide whether to do the same for European suppliers like Wacker Chemie. Analysts said that idea could be dropped after China and the European Union struck a solar panel trade deal last weekend.
“Such a settlement could mark the start of another global photovoltaics (solar technology) upturn,” Wacker Chemie said in announcing better-than-expected quarterly earnings on Tuesday, adding polysilicon prices may have bottomed.
Many of China's leading solar cell and module manufacturers - such as LDK Solar Co Ltd, Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd, Suntech Power Holdings Co Ltd and JA Solar Holdings Co Ltd - are sitting on long-term take-or-pay contracts with foreign polysilicon producers, under which they import set amounts at fixed prices of around $40-$50/kg, people in the industry said.
By some estimates, 30 percent of the $2.1 billion worth of polysilicon that China imported last year came from those contracts. Those deals looked good before the financial crisis, and some Chinese panel makers - who regularly mix imported polysilicon with local materials to control costs - also invested in their own polysilicon production.
Much of that investment has since been written off.
There it is again in my Facebook feed, the latest version of “In my day we didn't have ADHD. We had parents who weren't afraid to discipline, and kids who were sent outside to play until the lights came on.” Here I am again, trying to refrain from commenting, to keep from feeling insulted, to remember they haven't seen what I see.
I'd love to pretend I was never judgmental about behavioral issues before our experience, but it's not true. I'd more than once asserted that “some” kids just needed more firmly delineated lines, and I'd smugly assumed I'd never resort to “drugging” my own children. But the remarkable, wonderful thing about parenting is how often it flicks you off your pedestal.
Advertisement:
As a friend recently mea culpa-ed: that pain-in-the-neck kindergartner in their daughter's class last year? Happy as a clam, sharing lunch in the cafeteria with their father, who it turned out had been deployed the last 12 months. I completely understand this. That stranger's kid I dissed on Facebook for behaving poorly at the pool? Wound up being the child of acquaintances, warm and generous people who had their daughter send me an apology letter. But the shame was all mine. Because guess what? All kids act bratty sometimes, even yours and mine; it's part of growing up, of learning to navigate society. Our job is to facilitate such growth through correction and encouragement, not to undermine it with condemnation and finger-pointing. Imagine someone isolating one of your frustrated explosions, say, when your kid's asked the same question 90 times in the car before you've even set foot in the grocery. To a passerby in the cereal aisle, you sound like a real jerk: “All that poor child did was ask for a box of Cap'n Crunch, and their mom totally flew off the handle!”
The point, of course, is that it's impossible to know the breadth of a situation when we're only glimpsing moments. Unless someone's being beaten or seriously threatened, it's probably prudent to withhold judgment, because it's entirely possible you have no idea what you're talking about. Sometimes it's bad parenting. Sometimes it's just a bad day. And sometimes it's beyond either. So here's my daughter A's story (told with their permission), and my little plea for caution when playing the blame game.
Our daughter was diagnosed last year with ADHD, inattentive type. They have trouble staying focused and shifting between tasks, difficulty organizing and prioritizing, problems following multi-step instructions and a tendency to skip over details or make careless mistakes in assignments. Taken individually, these hurdles might not sound terribly unusual to parents of middle-school-aged children; your son's locker is a disaster, your daughter starts a project the night before it's due. But grouped, these obstacles form a more serious barrier to learning.
It reminds me of the time I attempted to learn to ski, in 12 inches of fresh powder, with a group of friends who already knew how; I would fall, dig around for my lost skis, pound off the snow and ice, struggle to get upright and back into them, then restart my slow descent. By the time I made it to the spot where my friends waited, rested and impatient, I was out of breath and exhausted. But the second they saw me approaching, they'd turn to continue their runs, effortlessly outpacing me. Then I'd fall again. And so it continued, until I began furiously waving them on, demoralized and ready to cry. I would never learn. Everyone but me could do it. I was an embarrassment. This is ADHD thinking.
Let me say here that I understand people's reservations. ADHD may well be over-diagnosed. I concede that it's a bit of a catch-all term, with a number of nonspecific, frankly somewhat subjective “symptoms.” This isn't to say there are not standardized testing methods and strict guidelines, but still, the diagnosis is not as concise and therefore not always as reliable as, say, the detection of a cancer. Kids with a wide variety and intensity of issues fall within the ADHD spectrum, but there aren't neatly laid-out “stages” of the disorder as you'd find with our cancer example. To complicate matters, ADHD is regularly accompanied by other conditions, such as anxiety or depression, OCD or sleep disorders, and, as in my daughter's case, it can be extremely difficult to distinguish the horse from the cart (is the anxiety prompting the inattention, or is the attention fueling the anxiety?).
There are arguments over whether some ADHD “symptoms” are not just maturation issues that will sort themselves out with time, or environmentally based difficulties, the natural byproducts of dysfunctional parenting and/or non-supportive surroundings. There have been calls to throw out the term “ADHD” altogether as too broad and too vague to be useful without inviting abuse. If we can't say precisely what makes a person ADHD, the logic goes, then anyone can be ADHD.
Advertisement:
These are all points worth discussing, points I'm neither qualified nor inclined to hash out here. Of course we should safeguard against unscrupulous doctors doling out unnecessary pharmaceuticals to overeager parents. It should be and, in our experience, is difficult to acquire and sustain a prescription. Fine by me if someone figures out how to break down this disorder into more refined, regimented subcategories. For now, though, my daughter falls under the umbrella of ADHD, and for that I won't apologize.
Personally, I don't give a damn if we call their condition “Lunar Mood Ring Syndrome.” It doesn't make them suffer a shred less real, a smidgen less legitimate. And it doesn't change the fact that ADHD meds have helped them tremendously. I am deeply empathetic with societal reluctance to medicate children. In fact, the idea initially terrified me. For us, though, there simply came a point where it seemed selfish not to try the drugs.
As far back as second grade, I remember instances of teachers remarking on something unusual about A's learning style, the way they processed, or sometimes didn't process material. Some things came easily -- the lyrics to a song, a script in a play, the plot of a novel -- whereas others -- the locations of countries on a map, verb tenses in a foreign language, mathematical equations -- seemed virtually impossible for them to retain. An early elementary Spanish teacher described it as a “window shade being drawn” whenever they spoke to them in class. The next year, a different teacher showed us their unusual results from a spatial location quiz, where students had been asked to position items on a piece of paper (ex., draw a rectangle in the upper left quadrant). The requests increased in complexity as the test wore on, but for A, it didn't seem to matter. Nearly every task was wrong. Nothing made sense.
It wasn't as if A were slow; they were bright as a button, which made the “holes” all the more maddening. They could hold their own in any debate, write short stories in their sleep, come up with witty retorts on the spot. Them intellect and their work product just didn't match up. Nor was they lazy. They would (finally, painstakingly) memorize items for a test, then inexplicably, a mere 12 hours later, be wholly unable to access these answers. It pains me to think of the times I said “Just pay attention!” or “You're not trying!” because they were desperately struggling to do both. As far as they were concerned, I was really saying, “Why are you too stupid to get this?” By fifth grade, we took them for extensive (and expensive) testing to try and figure out what was going on. The testing came back inconclusive, a generalized “math disorder” with results indicative, but not definitive, of attention issues. It was strongly recommended we retest in a year or two.
Advertisement:
We finished elementary school without much incident, then junior high hit with the force of a nuclear bomb. Small daily failures mounted, as did my daughter's dread surrounding the school day. Multitasking skills, such as listening to lectures while simultaneously taking notes, proved nearly insurmountable for A, so she'd simply shut down, accomplishing neither. Thus began a cycle of frustrated intentions, aborted attempts, reactionary checking out and full-blown panic. The harder they tried to concentrate on one thing, the more their brain focused on what they were missing. Anxiety smothered curiosity.
For nearly a year, we did everything we could think of to shake off the weight. We hired math tutors and organizational tutors. Teachers worked one-on-one with A in after-school sessions. School counselors listened and offered encouragement. Friends soothed tears in the girls' bathroom. Them piano instructor stopped mid-lesson to teach breathing and relaxation techniques. I took them to mother/daughter sessions with a yoga instructor. My husband took them running. We considered hiring a “life coach,” the sort of thing we would have snorted at in our old life. Nothing helped.
Countless hours, sobs, words of support and frustration passed across our kitchen table, sprawled on our bed, parked in our driveway, the ignition long-since turned off. Desperation, self-loathing, and hopelessness for her; determination, aching worry, and helplessness for us. Our other children suffered, too. We had no time for pedestrian tales of their days, no time for basic homework help, no time for pre-bedtime stories. When one kid is drowning, you can't worry about perfecting another kid's strokes. The days fell into a pattern. She'd be tense, moody, silent on the way to school, fretting about the day before it began. I'd fight rising panic on the way to afternoon carpool, squinting to see their expression, searching for body language clues as they approached the car. The flood of tears, the gush of words, usually began before the door fully closed. They would never learn. Everyone but them could do it. They were an embarrassment.
Advertisement:
I began to dread teachers, their purposeful strides toward the carpool lane, their hushed tones at the window, their concerned emails and well-meaning phone calls. I already knew what they wanted, found it nearly unbearable to rehash A's day, to hear of the panicked breathing, the distressed expression, the inability to take in their words. Them homebase teacher's eyes were soft, almost pleading, when they finally said, “She shouldn't have to work this hard.”
Things had gotten out of hand, yet I'd steadfastly refused to even consider medication. Why? It's true I worried about side effects on their growing, hormonally charged body — I still do. But in retrospect, I have to acknowledge that the stigma of ADHD as some sort of con game, a “lazy” way out, played a huge part in the delay. I loathed the pop-a-pill ignominy of it, thought of it as giving up somehow, avoidance rather than confrontation. It's horrifying to me that I let my pride prevent me from seeking out the help my child needed, help it was my sole job to demand. I'd let them sink down in Georgia red clay, caked and cracking, dabbing with a sponge when I needed a pressure washer.
We found a psychologist, conservative in their approach and indisputably ethical, with whom A developed an immediate, easy rapport. We took them to be retested (again at great expense). Them anxiety levels were off the charts, so much so that they overshadowed clinically significant ADHD red flags. The results were murkier than we had hoped. Either it was an anxiety disorder at root, or the ADHD had elevated anxiety to the point that it now eclipsed the original affliction.
Advertisement:
The dreaded subjectivity had come into play, a hallmark of ADHD criticism. In the end, it was indeed a bit of a judgment call. The clinical observations of their psychologist, the personal observations of their parents, the self-reflective observations of the patient, all pointed to attention as the primary culprit. By this point it was nearly summer, which gave us time to reflect on next steps while continuing intensive therapy. A's anxiety subsided, not all at once, but progressively, and significantly we felt, with the retreat of the school year. A few weeks into summer, our old daughter reemerged, happy, funny, free. We agreed to try ADHD medication at the start of the new school year.
The turnaround has been monumental. This year, as an eighth grader, they are making A's — high A's, for the most part, and more importantly, they seem to enjoy school (as much as an eighth grader can) again. The dread has vanished. While I don't attribute this solely to pharmaceuticals, I'd be a fool to deny they've helped. They aren't magic, but they're another tool in their arsenal. I often think that for her, more than anything, the medication, the diagnosis, signified hope. Giving a name to their condition gave them a way out. They could learn. They could do it. They didn't need to feel embarrassment.
So she's seized this momentum, laboring impressively, and with ever-increasing confidence. The first few weeks they seemed tentative, “I got a 93 — but Mom, seriously, it was just an easy test,” as if acknowledging firm ground would cause it to sink beneath them With every triumph, though, she's learning to trust them weight. It's true there are still fissures, but somehow they no longer threaten to crack open and swallow them whole. Regular therapy sessions, dedicated study habits, improved organizational routines, committed teachers, devoted parents, and yes, pills, keep the earth solid, at least for now.
I don't care if I change your mind about ADHD, but I'd like to think you might pause in the future before openly calling blanket bullshit on any psychiatric disorder. And I'd ask that you check that flicker of an eye roll I sometimes detect when I tell people my daughter has ADHD. She's “earned” this diagnosis, and they deserve your respect.
At Enquiro, we did some interesting work in 2009 with visual attention and engagement with ads. We found, for example, that attention significantly impacts how we see ads and retain the messages shown within them. We also found that brands can play a vital role in this process. Over the Christmas holiday, I found a number of neurological studies that start to shed some light on how we might visually process information on websites and the role advertising might play. This week, I'll be breaking them into individual elements and exploring them a little more fully, showing the practical applications for advertisers and web designers. Much of this was also covered in my book, The BuyerSphere Project.
Today, let's spend some time finding Waldo
The “Where's Waldo” Neuronal Choir
How much mileage can you get from creating exercises in visual attention. Well, if you're Martin Hanford, the answer is: a lot! Hanford created the phenomenally popular “Where's Waldo?” set of books. At last count, Hanford's playful take on visual attention had produced a couple dozen books, video games, an animated series and even a potential movie deal. And it all comes down to the same basic premise: how long does it take us to find one distinct element in a visually busy environment? How do our eyes pick Waldo out of a visually dense picture, packed with details and optical red herrings?
That was the question researcher Robert Desimone, director of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research and the Doris and Don Berkey Professor of Neuroscience at MIT decided to tackle. Specifically, they wanted to explore two differing schools of thought:
Do we move our attention around the page like a spotlight, physically scanning the environment inch by inch looking for Waldo, the intended target of our attention; or, Do we scan the image as a whole, looking for clues in the overall pattern about where Waldo might be?
The answer appears to be both. And the reason both systems are active to come from our evolutionary past. We need to focus attention on the task at hand, but we also need to scan the environment for signals of something that might suddenly need our attention. And the way the brain does this is fascinating. It does it by literally creating a choir of neurons, all firing in a synchronized pattern. It seems to be this synchronization that represents the focusing of attention.
Picking Waldo Out of the Crowd
Let's go back to Waldo. Neurons tend to have specialized functions. We have neurons that are better at picking out colors, neurons that a better a picking out the edges of shapes and other neurons that pick out patterns. In the case of Waldo, before we ever start scanning the page, we recruit the neurons that are best suited to recognize the distinct image of Waldo. For example, because Waldo is dressed in red, we recruit the red neurons. We create a picture of Waldo in our “mind's eye.”
So, we have our handpicked neuronal “swat team” ready to intercept Waldo. But, how do we actually find Waldo? This is where the two mechanisms of the brain work in unison. In eye tracking, you soon learn the difference between foveal attention and peripheral attention. Foveal attention is where the brain focuses our eyes, allowing us to pick up fine detail. When we read, for example, we use foveal focus to pick up the shape of the letters and interpret them. Eye tracking only picks up foveal attention. This represents the “spotlight” function of attention.
But the brain has to tell the eyes where to move next. And to do this, it relies on peripheral attention. This is what we see out of the “corner of our eye”. Peripheral attention allows us to scan a much broader field of vision to determine if there are elements in it that merit the refocusing of foveal attention. Peripheral vision is particularly tuned to movements and coarser visual cues. This has significant impact on the effectiveness of advertising, which I'll talk about in a future post. For today, it's sufficient to understand that peripheral vision allows us to scan our environment in a repeating “quick and dirty” pattern.
Now, our neuronal swat team has identified the target pattern for us. This image has been implanted in our prefrontal cortex as a “top down” imperative, a directive to our visual cortex. And, through peripheral vision, we're scanning the entire picture to find possible matches. To help separate the most promising areas of the picture from the background noise of the other detail, it appears that an area of the prefrontal cortex, the FEF, orchestrates our hand picked neurons to synchronize their firing. This synchrony helps the signals from this group of neurons stand out from the noise of the rest. It works just like the the synchronized dancing in these examples of flash mobs – the Sound of Music in an Antwerp train station, a Glee medley in a Roman piazza and the Black Eyed Peas surprising Oprah.
Sound of Music | Central Station Antwerp (Belgium)
GLEE – Il FlashMob
Black Eyed Peas – I got a feeling on Oprah Chicago Flashmob
Just like the dancers in these Flash Mobs- the synchronization helps our “Waldo” neurons stand out from the crowd, raising above the noise. As we scan the image through the periphery of our visual focus, the FEF orchestrates the neural synchrony of our group of “Waldo” neurons, drawing the spotlight of foveal attention to the parts of the picture most likely to contain Waldo. There, we switch to a more detailed scanning to determine if Waldo is indeed present.
Tomorrow, we'll use the same basic theory to talk about what happens when we first visit a website.
If you want to find out more about Dr Desimone's work, read these two articles:
Long-Distance Brain Waves Focus Attention
Research Explains How The Brain Finds Waldo
The wireless headphone market has steadily grown over the past year , new data from research firm Slice Intelligence suggests.In the U.S. last month, an estimated 75% of revenue from headphones sold online came from wireless models, up from 50% in December 2015, according to Slice Intelligence. Apple's new AirPods led the way, capturing an estimated 26% share of online revenue in the wireless headphone market since launching on December 13 AirPods stole the top spot from Beats, which took an estimated 15.4% of online revenue in the wireless headphone market, down from 24.1% between the start of 2015 and December 13. Given it owns Beats, Apple appears to have actually taken nearly 40% of online revenue in the market since launching AirPods.Slice Intelligence said wireless headphone spending on AirPods launch day was ten times greater than the pre-holiday average for 2016. December 13 was also the largest single day of online headphone spending last year, according to the research firm, topping Amazon Prime Day, Black Friday, and Cyber Monday.The research suggests 85% of shoppers who purchased AirPods are male, of which 35% are young millennials. Female buyers tended to skew older, with 38% falling in the baby boomer generation. The gender data is based on 2,871 U.S. online shoppers who purchased AirPods between December 13 and December 31.Apple has not disclosed AirPods sales, with CEO Tim Cook only vaguely claiming the wireless headphones have been a "runaway success" amid "a great holiday" period. AirPods remain estimated to ship in 6 weeks in the U.S. as Apple said it is working to fulfill orders as fast as possible Slice Intelligence aggregated its data based on anonymized e-receipts from up to 353,926 U.S. online shoppers—the size of the user base varies per chart. But without official figures, it is impossible to determine if the data is accurate—Apple could easily follow up with very different numbers.
Before I start, my readers are aware this week that my friend Joey Kaufman of the Daily Trojan and I had a little back and forth about whether the arrogant message was detrimental to our team or perhaps, unnecessary anymore. We disagreed, and perhaps it was just a discussion. That is all in the past now, they and I have spoken and will continue to be spies on Twitter together. Please continue being kind, we're all Trojans. He's a journo. I'm a bourbon-swilling, lazer-riding sociopath. We each have carved a niche. Mine looks like the Grand Canyon, except it looks cooler under a blacklight.
That said, in respect to the few who felt a kinder, more gentle approach was best and in light of the fact that this post may stand the test of time as my most venomous, honey-badgering in recent memory, I wanted to provide an alternate, “non-arrogant, positive” game preview you can view by CLICKING THIS.
Did you click that? You're welcome, Daily Trojan. Shit. I was just arrogant again, wasn't I? Thumbs up.
For the rest of you who want to cut down some trees with little regard for the environment, the ozone, global warming, polar bears (they're still bears) and people from Nor Cal (Nor Cal Trojans exempt), the rest of this post is for you.
2012 Heisman Winner Matt Barkley has not beaten Stanford. Enjoy that phrase because time is running out on its accuracy. Matt has done a lot here. Hell, just last week they found a way to throw for six touchdowns and under 200 yards, which I didn't know was mathematically possible. And they did it in the middle of a tornado and lighting convention. With Otto the Orange staring at him.
The dude guest DJs at fraternities, finds time to help people in earthquake ravaged countries and I'm fairly certain he's solved at least one Good Will Hunting-style math equation on a big chalkboard.
But they haven't beaten The Farm. That's the only Pac-12 team they haven't beaten and two of them just were added last year. And this is a travesty. I mean, beating the Farm is sort of like in the welcome pack they give football players when they get a full ride to the school. Welcome to USC, you just beat the Farm by three touchdowns. Only, somehow, we're trapped in this alternate universe where nothing makes sense when it comes to this matchup.
The Farm is like avocado for people who don't live in California. It's a seasonal delicacy that sometimes comes into fashion, but then is totally forgotten in the long cold winter. For almost half a decade now, The Farm has been in season and it boggles minds. No winter hath ruined their crops. Will the polarity of earth reverse? Is the end of the world coming to fruition? Is everybody taking crazy pills? Worse, did I take something in college and not realize I've slipped into a decade of drug-induced REM? Is this thing on?
Leland Stanford Jr. University is not a football school, but like many superheroes, they were given a great power. Two really. They were given Jim Harbaugh and Andrew Luck. Slow wide receivers and tight ends? No worries, the caveman could put the ball in the chest of a man who was not even open. Lack of team speed? Harbaugh made up for it by giving them excess of team heart. And you had to admire that element of what was going on. You didn't have to admire how often they went all PDA on national television:
You don't need to dig for these images. If you Google “Andrew Luck Jim Harbaugh” that's all you see. And you don't need to pay $9.99 a month or be 18 years old to subscribe. Just for fun, if you Google “Andrew Luck Geico” you get this:
I'm not the only one who thinks it…
But even in these glory days, they were still The Farm. As a favored team playing a home game, they rushed the field after a last second victory two years ago. When Curtis McNeal fumbled into the endzone in triple OT last year, the broadcasting team said “Cardinals win”, not even feeling this team at their peak was relevant enough to remember their name isn't based on birds, rather a color more associated with our school than theirs.
Stanford Indians was badass. Cleveland is still rocking it. The Blackhawks and Seminoles and my local fucking high school the Westlake Warriors are rocking it. Stanford backs down. Only for five years, they haven't.
I attribute last year under Coach Shaw to after glow. It was like when a grandma lifts a car to save a child with pure adrenaline. The situation gave them old man strength. With a great QB and Harbaugh's philosophy still in place, they had barely enough to win. A hot girl gave them their number and then they went in and aced a public speaking event based on pseudo confidence.
It's one year later and the QB and the TEs are gone. Harbaugh is the best coach in the NFL now. Stanford is, essentially, a Big Ten team now. They will pound the rock, play sound defense and try to make safe passes. They will test our patience by holding onto the ball for as long as they can. That said, they are the running team, but we're averaging more yards per carry. And we're not even trying to hand the ball to a running back unless Kiffin gets bored. This game will try to play as a filibuster.
I don't care. We need to chop down some trees.
We've played a lot of great teams in my time following and attending USC. We've even been beaten up pretty hard in a few games. That said, no one has disrespected USC to the level that Stanford did in the Harbaugh era (or mini-era, they were like FUCK THIS pretty quickly). Harbaugh made losing feel worse than losing feels. Harbaugh was so arrogant they were my choice for coach when the Pete Carroll rumors began before sanctions. I can't even remember the levels of disrespect it was so disrespectful. I blocked them out of my mind. Well, also because we know Stanford's run over us won't last. They know it too.
Save when we decided to hang over 70 of SEC then-powerhouse Arkansas (the McFadden year), USC typically put the brakes on at a point. Most of my college years when we were dominant, we'd see scores in the 40s and 50s. Stanford showed no such restraint and I actually respected them for it. That's why I hope they understand that on Saturday with everyone suggesting”an upset”, we are going to absolutely go batshit homeless person with Vietnam flashbacks on them.
It's like a coked-up bat has gotten loose in your cabin and finally it pauses in one spot just long enough that you can smack the hell out of it with a tennis racket. Stanford is that coked-up bat and after years of an improbable alternate reality where they exert their will on us, they are due for a two-handed cross-court backhand to their face.
I picked on The Farm for rushing the field when they were favored to win at a home game. I said they should act like they've been there before, but they have been reluctant to take on that roll. I can tell this year in reading their forums and local beat writers. I think they knew one day the big dog would come back for their bone. I'm not saying Stanford won't put up a great fight. I'm just saying Stanford has no idea how hard the collective USC universe wants to punch them in the face. I mean, truly punch them so hard in the face they don't remember getting punch in the face and forget the anomaly these last five years were.
I am trying to think of moments that would describe how hard we want to punch them in the face right now. Here's one:
Independence Day. Will Smith punched this alien right in the face and then said “Welcome to Earf” and I was in like 7th grade at the time and was so fucking jacked up on soda and candy that I punched the kind next to me. The theatre was cheering. Stanford, it's that kind of nobody expected you to come destroy our cities and now we're so fucking angry that once we punch you in the face the only thing left to do is smoke a cigar kind of punch. Your fathers will feel this punch in their crotches.
Then there's Drago in Rocky IV. This asshole got too comfortable winning and forgot they were fucking with a guy who literally dated a woman who never spoke and trained by beating the shit out of steaks in Philadelphia, the worst city on earth. That's kind of like us coming out of sanctions we all knew were BS. We've been with a quiet-ass woman who has social anxiety and we've been drinking raw eggs and fighting beef in a freezer for two years and now, this asshole Drago thinks he's got it made. Only now, we own a robot, the quiet girl dresses up sexy and talks more and we've been training by climbing snowy mountains in Ukraine and screaming Drago's name at the top of each one. You are gonna get punched in the face, Stanford. Like Drago. For America.
In film school, they taught us if you are doing something, do it in threes.
So there was the cocky ass demon who rode around on a dragon in Lord of the Rings and they were just getting way too used to fucking people up from the kingdom of men. So this warrior rolls up on them and he's like “no man can kill me” and the warrior whips off their helmet to reveal it's a woman and they just says “I AM NO MAN” and then stabs them right in the face with a sword. Stanford, someone needs to stab you in the face and I am pretty sure it's going to be Matt Barkley. Marqise Lee will probably catch you because all they do is catch touchdowns. Negrete will be nearby laughing. And playing Words With Friends on their cyborg leg. Yeah, it does that too.
It's just that Stanford's time must end. Cindarella needs to go back to cleaning up for their hot Newport Beach sisters that hate them for wearing Crocs in public. We accept that a generational talent at coach and at QB really gave them a leg up in extending a couple shockers into a small era of “backwards day” in this rivalry, but it's high noon, time to stare Gary Cooper in the revolver. Boom, motherfucker.
If you are a Stanford fan, the kind of person who rushes a field when they are favored at home, even if you are the kind of fan who is going to comment on this blog and tell me how wrong I am, don't tell me you don't know this is coming. I smell the fear coming in like the fog off the bay. It's like in Starship Troopers when Neil Patrick Harris puts their hand on the alien bug and reads it's mind and gets all stoked because “it's afraid”. It's getting too movie reference in here, but NPH deserved a shout out.
Found an image. Thank Barkley, this puts it into context.
Look Stanford. Every dog has their day, but Saturday is the day you get neutered. It's been too long. Surely, even you miss the feeling of walking out of the stadium, our fight song annoying the hell out of you. I mean, keep it real guys. While we're finally recognized as a prestigious university, I don't think we're thinking we should be the flagship academic beacon of the Pac-12 (yet), so don't you think it's time you just embrace getting punched right in the face?
Afterwards, we can talk about the iPhone 5 or whatever the hell you do for kicks in Palo Alto (Spanish for “face punch”) and it'll be cool. You can tell us how smart you are and we'll ice our hand (I mean, we punched you in the face, hard). It's going to be cordial. After the face punching.
You're due. We're ready. Let's go. Predictions.
PREDICTION:
USC 38
The Farm 24
Mad respect on this prediction. I think they hold the ball enough to keep us under 40, but I don't think they will pass enough to get into the 30s. Also, it's hard done your check downs and make your reads when you eyes are watering from getting punched in the face.
KIFFIN OUTFIT:
Weather looks warm for game day. 3 weeks in a row. White Visor, White Polo, Khakis. It'll have to get colder for them to break out the 90s snowboarding gear. White Knight of the Mountain I call that look.
2 PT. CONVERSIONS:
1 for 1
There will be an opportunity and Barkley will take it. They want to punch some faces.
KYLE NEGRETE CYBORG LEG REPORT:
5 punts, all inside the 20, one inside the 7.
We can't be sure what the extreme weather of colder games will do to the cyborg leg, but so far, it's perfectly calibrated.  They are the one Trojan exempt from dishing out a face punch. They can just kick faces. But as a former linebacker-slash-robotics experiment, he'll punch a face or two if they feel like it. Kyle will be the first player ever to punt in a peacoat. I know this about him.
That's it. Ice your knuckles. Lift some weights. FTFO fans and players. Time to welcome Stanford back to Earf.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN ME ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER BECAUSE I TWEET PROFESSIONALLY
I'M ON INSTAGRAM @LOSTANGELESBLOG – FIND ME ON GAMEDAY FOR BOURBON
Advertisements
Path Finding using Rapidly-Exploring Random Tree
From Wikipedia,
A Rapidly-exploring random tree (RRT) is a data structure and algorithm designed for efficiently searching nonconvex, high-dimensional search spaces. The tree is constructed in such a way that any sample in the space is added by connecting it to the closest sample already in the tree.
( ns rrt ( :refer-clojure :exclude [+ - * =]) ( :use (clojure.contrib.generic [arithmetic :only [+ - *]] [comparison :only [=]])) ( :use vector-2d.core) ( :require kdtree))
The basic idea of the algorithm is very simple, RRT will search for a path from the start state to the goal state by expanding the search tree, algorithm is as follows,
Initialize the tree with the starting point as root
Pick a random point within the valid parameter space
Search the one vertex in the tree which is nearest to the random point chosen in 2.
Move a certain distance from this vertex in the direction of the chosen point and create there a new leaf
Loop over step 2. to 4. while the break condition is not satisfied
Following demonstrates RRT path finding on a 2D surface. Starting at the goal, search tree will rapidly expand through the space towards the goal. rrt-plan pretty much summarizes all of the above steps, choose-target either picks a random point on the map or returns the goal, the nearest returns the closest point on the tree to the chosen target. explore then checks if we can extend the tree towards the point or not. epsilon is the distance we extend the tree by and p-goal is used to guide the search towards the goal. rrt-plan returns when we add a point to the tree that is closer than epsilon to the goal,
( defn search-world [width height & obstacles] [width height obstacles]) ( defn explore [[_ _ obstacles] u v epsilon] ( let [explored (+ u (to-cartesian epsilon ( :t (to-polar (- v u)))))] ( when-not (some true? (map #( let [[c r] % ] (point-in-circle? explored c r)) obstacles)) explored))) ( defn nearest [kdtree {x :x y :y }] (apply vector-2d ( :point ( kdtree /nearest-neighbor kdtree [x y])))) ( defn choose-target [[width height] p-goal goal] ( if (< 0 (rand) p-goal) goal (vector-2d (rand width) (rand height)))) ( defn rrt-plan ([world start goal epsilon p-goal] ( let [{ :keys [x y]} start] (rrt-plan world goal epsilon p-goal {start nil } ( kdtree /build-tree [[x y]])))) ([world goal epsilon p-goal tree kdtree] ( let [target (choose-target world p-goal goal) nearest (nearest kdtree target)] ( if (< (dist the nearest goal) epsilon) (rrt-plan tree (list nearest) (tree nearest)) ( if-let [explored (explore world nearest target epsilon)] ( let [{ :keys [x y]} explored] ( recur world goal epsilon p-goal (assoc tree explored nearest) ( kdtree /insert kdtree [x y]))) ( recur world goal epsilon p-goal tree kdtree))))) ([tree path node] ( if (nil? node) [tree path] ( recur tree (conj path node) (tree node)))))
The Rapidly-exploring Random Tree algorithm is extremely simple and cheap to calculate but it is not a silver bullet, you will get a path quick but it is not guaranteed to the be the cheapest plus you will get a different path for every search.
( let [draw-circle ( fn [g pt rad color] ( let [[x y] (vals pt) offset (int (/ rad 2)) x (- x offset) y (- y offset)] (.setColor g color) (.fill g (java.awt.geom.Ellipse2D$Double. x y rad rad)))) draw-line ( fn [g start end color] ( let [[x1 y1] (vals start) [x2 y2] (vals end)] (.setColor g color) (.drawLine g x1 y1 x2 y2)))] ( defn view [world start goal epsilon p-goal] ( let [[width height obstacles] world [tree path iter] (time (rrt-plan world start goal epsilon p-goal))] (println iter) ( doto (javax.swing.JFrame. (str "epsilon " epsilon " p-goal " p-goal)) (.add (proxy [javax.swing.JLabel] [] (paint [g] (.setRenderingHint g java.awt.RenderingHints /KEY_ANTIALIASING java.awt.RenderingHints /VALUE_ANTIALIAS_ON) (draw-circle g start 10 java.awt.Color /RED) (draw-circle g goal 10 java.awt.Color /RED) ( doseq [[center radius] obstacles] (draw-circle g center radius java.awt.Color /BLUE)) ( doseq [[a b] tree] ( when (not (nil? b)) (draw-line g a b java.awt.Color /BLACK))) ( doseq [c path] (draw-circle g c 5 java.awt.Color /RED))))) (.setSize width height) (.show)))))
Define the world,
( def w (search-world 640 480 [(vector-2d 100 100) 30] [(vector-2d 200 200) 30] [(vector-2d 300 200) 30] [(vector-2d 400 300) 30] [(vector-2d 280 350) 30] [(vector-2d 250 200) 30]))
and search,
(view w (vector-2d 10 10) (vector-2d 600 400) 15 0.3)
(view w (vector-2d 10 10) (vector-2d 600 400) 15 0.1)
(view w (vector-2d 10 10) (vector-2d 400 400) 50 0.3)
To give you an idea about its performance following table shows the average time for 1000 paths finds with various epsilon and p-goal values,
core=> (print-rrt-test-table) ======================================= :epsilon | :p-goal | :time ======================================= 15 | 0.1 | 27.412393000000016 15 | 0.2 | 20.784910000000007 15 | 0.3 | 19.029839999999993 15 | 0.4 | 17.95052699999999 15 | 0.5 | 18.672436999999984 30 | 0.1 | 8.090104 30 | 0.2 | 6.6845480000000075 30 | 0.3 | 6.206767000000004 30 | 0.4 | 5.905667 30 | 0.5 | 6.293392000000007 50 | 0.1 | 3.4616730000000002 50 | 0.2 | 2.7482080000000018 50 | 0.3 | 2.4386669999999984 50 | 0.4 | 2.429180000000003 50 | 0.5 | 2.5016600000000064 =======================================
and for comparison A* search times for the same map for various grid sizes,
core=> (print-a-star-test-table) =============================== :grid-size | :time =============================== 50 | 15.309023999999988 30 | 15.811200999999986 15 | 45.569509 ===============================
According to Luke Broadwater of The Baltimore Sun, former NFL running back Ray Rice still has not given up on their hopes to play in the NFL again.
“I'm doing what I've got to do to get another shot.”
Broadwater notes Rice and wife Janay visited Baltimore on Wednesday to provide new uniforms to youth cheerleaders. The couple decided to bring the new gear after hearing that a Southwest Baltimore community transformed a park that was known for trafficking drugs into a place for community events and sports.
Per the report, Janay helped design the cheerleading uniforms. Rice continued:
“We wanted to give these little girls something to look forward to. It was a no-brainer. I still want to be attached to the Baltimore community.”
As for Rice receiving another opportunity to play in the NFL, it would appear that chance is diminishing further by the day. Rice hasn't been in the NFL since their release from the Baltimore Ravens in September 2014, which followed the release of a video of Rice punching their then-fiancee in an elevator.
Since then, Rice had their domestic violence charge dropped after they completed an intervention program. Even with teams the Houston Texans and Kansas City Chiefs losing their No. 1 running backs, though, it appears neither franchise has yet reached out to Rice.
It's now going on nearly two years since the 28-year-old Rice has played football professionally.
Rockets were launched from Gaza after 9 pm Tuesday night, the hour set for the failed Egyptian ceasefire initiative, as Code Red sirens sounded in the Jerusalem area in Beit Shemesh, Abu Gosh, and Mevassert Zion.
An Israeli man succumbed to their wounds after being hit by mortar fire from Gaza near the Erez border crossing. The incident marks the first Israeli death since the beginning of Operation Protective Edge.
Gaza militants launched a heavy barrage of rockets on central and southern Israel before 7 pm on Tuesday evening. Code Red sirens wailed from Netivot to Be'er Sheva, while Iron Dome intercepted two rockets over the skies of Tel Aviv. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claimed joint responsibility for four M-75 rockets fire on Tel Aviv.
Iron Dome intercepted two rockets launched from Gaza over the skies of Ashkelon and one over Netivot, as Code Red sirens blared in Netivot, Ashkelon, Sderot and the Eshkol, Sha'ar HaNegev, Sdot Negev and Hof Ashkelon Regional Councils after 5 pm on Tuesday.
Even though Israel had accepted the Egyptian truce proposal and held its fire, Palestinian factions in the Gaza Strip continued firing at Israel on Tuesday morning. An hour after the ceasefire came into effect, three rockets landed in the Eshkol Regional Council.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
At 12:30pm, rocket alert sirens blared in Yavne and Rehovot, and in the Karmel outskirts - Zikhron Ya'akov, Yokneam, Mishmar HaEmek, Daliyat al-Karmel and other communities in the area. Hamas claimed to have fired an R-160 long-range rocket at Zikhron Ya'akov.
The Eshkol Regional Council was hit with one rocket at 11:46am, three at 12:20pm and two more at around 12:30pm. Two rockets were fired at Netivot at around 12:15pm, and might have been intercepted.
At around 11:20 am, Code Red sirens blared through Ashkelon, Sderot, Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council, Ashdod, Kiryat Malachi and the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. Rockets exploded in the yard of an Ashdod house causing damage to the structure, and in Sha'ar HaNegev, causing damage to a chicken coop. Several people were treated for shock in Ashdod. Hamas claimed responsibility for the rocket fire to Ashdod. The Iron Dome intercepted at least 6 rockets in this barrage.
Rocket hit in Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council (Yoav Zitun)
Rocket hit in chicken coop in Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council (Yoav Zitun)
Rocket hit in Sha'ar HaNegev Regional Council (Yoav Zitun)
Earlier, at around 7:35am, a rocket exploded in an open area in Eshkol, another hit outside a community in Eshkol just before 9am. The Iron Dome intercepted two rockets that were fired at the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council at around 8:45am.
While Reddit now reports that the pool's hashing rate is below 36%, its propensity to gain momentum to potentially threaten the Bitcoin system's stability is attracting increasing scrutiny.
“It'll just happen again given some time,” user u/ vo931814 said, while many commented that the 36% figure was still considerably too high.
While an official statement from Ghash.io has yet to surface, this could reflect what experts have often considered to in fact be a relatively benign phenomenon. Following a similar incident with Ghash.io in January, Andreas Antonopoulos spoke out about the issue in a Q&A session at the LA Bitcoin Meetup.
“To me, the 51% attack is a very interesting academic and theoretical experience or experiment, but it has very few practical implications for the actual Bitcoin network,” they said.
An explanation followed which cited the scope for gains using such an attack being limited in comparison to the profits possible from continuing to mine as normal.
“If you were to successfully execute a 51% attack,” Antonopoulos continued, “you would be able to, for a couple of blocks, execute a double-spend, until the entire network sees what you're doing, and then reacts.”
“Big whoop!”
In short, the damage to the system is limited by virtue of those using it. “You can't run away with everyone's coins just because you got 51%,” they concluded with a shrug, “all you can do is affect the next block… big whoop!”
“You can't run away with everyone's coins just because you got 51%, all you can do is affect the next block… big whoop!”
Ghash.io was similarly vocal at the time, as newsbtc.com reports , writing in a statement:
“If something happened to Bitcoin as a whole it could risk our investments in physical hardware, damage to those who love Bitcoin and we see no benefit from having [a] 51% stake in mining.”
For now, then, it would seem that what is not hot air has more to do with reputation than practicalities. For the more reasons appear to doubt the absolute integrity of the Bitcoin network, the harder it will become to present it to more impressionable consumers as a ‘viable alternative' to their existing methods of transacting.
“I'm not worried,” Antonopoulos concluded.
Amid Ghash.io's renewed nudging of 51% of Bitcoin's total mining power, the exchange has been slow to comment or attempt to allay community fears raging on Reddit and elsewhere.
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Subhana and Sons began making guns in 1942
Indian-administered Kashmir used to be a thriving hub for factories that made guns for civilians. But as owning a gun has become increasingly difficult in the Muslim-dominated Kashmir Valley, the industry has been in a steady decline in recent years, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Srinagar.
It's mid-morning on a weekday, but the Zaroo Gun Factory in the city's Rainawari area wears a deserted look.
The machines are covered in dust, tools are lying unused and a couple of men sit around, waiting.
Until 2012, the factory produced 540 single-barrel and double-barrel shotguns every year and each one of them was sold, says Nazir Ahmad Zaroo, one of the three owners of the factory.
"But in 2013, we could sell only 29 guns. In the last three years, we have not been able to sell a single gun," they say bitterly.
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption The rifle butt is made of walnut wood
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption The factories employ a handful of people now
The guns were prized for their long butts made of walnut wood and many had leaves of Kashmir's famed Chinar trees carved on them.
Their customers included buyers from within the valley, who bought guns for hunting or self-defence, and dealers from other states, including Delhi, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.
Today, an occasional old customer walks in, looking to get an old gun repaired.
Mr Zaroo's family has been in the business since the "Mughal era" - they say their grandfather came to Kashmir from Pakistan before India's independence in 1947 at the invitation of the former ruler, Maharaja Hari Singh, for whom they made muzzle-loading guns.
The present factory was set up in 1953 by Ghulam Ahmad Zaroo, Mr Zaroo's father.
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Zaroo Gun Factory was bustling until a few years ago
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Nazir Ahmad Zaroo says their family has been in the business of gun making since the "Mughal era"
"In its heyday, we employed about two dozen people, many of them were local, but some came from faraway places," says manager Mohammad Shafi.
"The factory was bustling with activity. "If you'd visited us then, we would have paid you no attention, but today we have all the time in the world."
The Zaroo Gun Factory is among the only two manufacturing units that remain in the valley today - the other being Subhana and Sons.
Before 1947, there were at least a dozen factories which employed hundreds of people. Over the years, most have shut down or shifted base to the state's Jammu region.
And with that, all the market has shifted to Jammu too.
"There are more than 30 gun factories in Jammu and their quotas have been increased massively," Subhana and Sons owner Zahoor Ahmed Ahangar told the BBC.
"There are also hundreds of arms-dealers there, so buyers from other states of India no longer come to us, they all go to Jammu. We haven't sold any guns in the last two years."
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption The factories produce single-barrel and double-barrel shotguns used mostly for hunting
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Today, they receive only a few repair jobs
Kashmir's gun industry was banned for two years from 1989-91 when a violent insurgency began against Indian rule in the region.
The ban was lifted in 1992, but traders say the number of guns they were allowed to produce was curtailed - Subhana saw its quota reduced to 300 guns from the earlier 700.
Established in 1925, the factory initially made hunting arrows, swords and daggers. In 1942, it got a licence to make 12-bore shotguns and began manufacturing them.
Now, unable to find any buyers, the factory-owners are contemplating shutting down.
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Subhana and Sons owner Zahoor Ahmed Ahangar says all their clientele has shifted to Jammu
Image copyright Abid Bhat Image caption Burhan Zaroo says militants have never been interested in "our obsolete guns"
Mr Zaroo and Mr Ahangar say the authorities have not given any reason for why they are no longer issuing licences to local people.
But, they feel that years of militancy and an unstable security environment in the region could be a reason behind the government's reluctance.
Burhan Zaroo, son of Nazir Ahmad Zaroo, says that, in 2013, they petitioned the state's home ministry to save the industry, and were assured of help, but nothing came of it.
"The fears of the security establishment are unfounded," they say. "Even at the peak of insurgency, the militants never bothered us. They are not interested in our obsolete guns. They have much more sophisticated weapons."
Adds Mr Ahangar: "The authorities must start issuing licences to eligible people after verification, otherwise this industry will die. And that will be a shame."
In a wild back-and-forth affair, the Lehigh Valley IronPigs (50-38) fell to the Rochester Red Wings (51-38) by a score of 8-7 on Thursday night at Coca-Cola Park.
Daniel Palka's solo shot in the top of the seventh off of RHP Luis Garcia proved to be the difference in the game and gave Rochester an 8-7 lead.
Garcia (1.1 IP, 2 H, R, ER, K) was tagged with the loss for the Pigs and falls to 6-2 on the year.
RHP D.J. Baxendale (2.0 IP, 2 H, 2 K) earned the win for Rochester with two scoreless innings of relief to improve to 2-0 on the year. RHP J.T. Chagrois (2.0 IP, H, 3 K) got the final six outs to notch their sixth save of the year.
Taylor Featherston's solo shot off of Red Wings starter Pat Dean to lead off the bottom of the first gave the IronPigs a 1-0 lead. The home run was Featherston's team-leading 10th of the season.
Palka tied things at one apiece for Rochester in the top of the second with a solo shot off of Pigs starter David Buchanan. It was the first career Triple-A at bat for Palka.
A two-run second opened up a 3-1 lead for the IronPigs as Logan Moore plated a run via an RBI groundout and Featherston (3-5, HR, 2 RBI, R) knocked home a run with an RBI single.
In the bottom of the third, Nick Williams led off with a single, advanced to second on a single and later scored on Darnell Sweeney's (2-4, RBI, R) RBI single to give the Pigs a 4-1 lead.
Rochester cut the lead to 4-2 with a run in the fourth when Jorge Polanco drew a one-out walk and later scored from first on Adam Brett Walker's RBI double.
Darin Mastroianni's RBI single in the top of the fifth brought the Red Wings within 4-3.
Darin Ruf led off the home half of the frame with a single before Cam Perkins (3-5, HR, 2 RBI, 2 R) and Brock Stassi delivered back-to-back homers off of Dean to open up a 7-3 advantage for Lehigh Valley. The home runs were the fifth of the season for both Perkins and Stassi.
Dean (n/d) gave up the seven runs on 12 hits while walking one and fanning three over four plus innings of work.
Buchanan (n/d) allowed three runs on three hits to go along with three walks and four strikeouts in 5.0 IP.
Rochester tied the game at seven apiece with a four-run sixth. Walker and Logan Schafer each came through with RBI doubles to cut the lead to 7-5 before the latter double and two walks loaded the bases with two outs and RHP Dalier Hinojosa (0.1 IP, 1 R, 1 ER, 3 BB) issued a bases loaded-walk to bring in a run and a wild pitch charged to Garcia allowed the tying run to scamper home and even things at seven apiece. Three of the runs in the frame were charged to IronPigs LHP Daniel Stumpf (0.1 IP, 3 H, 3 R, 3 ER).
J.P. Crawford (3-5, 2 2B) also had a multi-hit game for Lehigh Valley.
RHP Frank Herrmann (1.0 IP) and LHP Elvis Araujo (1.0 IP, 3 K) each had scoreless outings in relief for manager Dave Brundage's squad.
The IronPigs will begin a three-game set with the Buffalo Bisons on Friday night at Coca-Cola Field in Buffalo. First pitch is set for 7:05 p.m. as RHP Ben Lively (3-2, 3.86) gets the ball for the Pigs against Bisons RHP Wilmer Font (2-2, 3.13 in Ind.).
Bird, who is getting ready for their home race at Battersea Park this weekend, has been at the centre of speculation concerning a possible move to Jaguar.
The Indian-owned, British-based manufacturer is believed to prefer to have one British driver for its debut season.
As well as Bird, Jaguar is believed to have also approached Adam Carroll, Anthony Davidson, Alex Lynn and Oliver Rowland.
“I have a year left on my contract,” Bird told Motorsport.com this week. “Right now I have a contract with DS Virgin for season three, I'm speaking with Alex [Tai, team boss] going forwards, I'm happy with where we are and what we're doing.”
Bird admitted that the attention from Jaguar was not the only contact they had received from other teams.
“It's very flattering, but it's not just that outfit [Jaguar],” they said. “Many teams have been calling me and asking what my plans are for the future.
The Briton, who also races as a factory Ferrari driver in the FIA World Endurance Championship, told Motorsport.com that their plans for season four in 2017/18 are expected to develop soon.
“I'm speaking with Alex to find out what we can do to achieve a longer relationship. We have a great relationship and I'm sure we'll be sorting something out soon.”
“There are always numbers and figures thrown at you that are tempting, but I've got a great thing going at DS Virgin. Let's see what happens in the future."
A DS Virgin spokesperson told Motorsport.com that no driver announcements for season three were planned for the London ePrix weekend.
Lopez an option for DS Virgin
The future of Bird's current teammate Jean-Eric Vergne is less well-known after an up-and-down season with the DS Virgin team.
French media reports in April that Vergne would not continue in season three were then described as "unsubstantiated" by DS Virgin boss Alex Tai, but Motorsport.com understands that multiple WTCC champion Jose-Maria Lopez is likely to feature in the team's plans in the coming seasons.
The Argentinian has already tested for the DS Virgin team, which continued its season-three preparations last Friday, concluding its ninth day of private testing. The testing will continue in Spain throughout July.
Lopez had also almost made a Formula E debut for DS Virgin when Vergne was taken ill last February.
Vergne, who has been part of DS Virgin's season-three test days, is understood to have multi-year options on their contract with the French manufacturer.
Should Vergne leave the DS Virgin team, both Jaguar and the new CMC-owned squad could be possible options for the Frenchman if they opt to continue in the all-electric formula.
Vergne's manager Julian Jakobi also manages Ma Qing Hua, who is likely to race for the new team, which has secured Renault powertrains for season three.
Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody lyric meanings and song facts
Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody guitar tabs and chords
This article is about the UK bookmaker. For other uses, see The Tote Hotel
The Tote, formerly the Horserace Totalisator Board and called in rhyming slang the nanny,[2] is a British bookmaker with head offices in Wigan. It was owned from its formation in 1928 by the UK Government but was sold to Betfred in July 2011. Under the brand totesport the Tote has 514 high street betting shops,[3] outlets on most of Britain's 60 racecourses, as well as internet and call centre divisions. The company is known for its pool bets such as the Scoop6, and is the only organisation in the UK which is allowed to run pool betting on horseracing. It has a seven-year exclusive licence from the date of the company's privatisation to continue offering pool bets.[4] The company has also branched out into fixed odds betting on other sports in recent years, as well as casino and bingo operations online.
History [ edit ]
A branch of the Tote in Bramley Leeds . Later called "Betfred"; now closed
The Racehorse Betting Control Board was created by the Racecourse Betting Act 1928,[5] as a statutory corporation.[6] It was set up by Winston Churchill as a government-appointed board, with the intention of providing a safe, state-controlled alternative to illegal off course bookmakers and ensuring that some gambling revenues were put back into the sport of horse racing.[7] The first major race meetings with tote betting were the flat race meetings at Newmarket (July Course) and Carlisle on 2 July 1929.
Under the Betting Levy Act 1961 the board was reconstituted as the Horserace Totalisator Board (the Tote), with responsibility for the redistribution of funds to racing transferred to the Horserace Betting Levy Board.
The Tote opened its first high street betting shop in 1972, and has since grown to employ more than 4,000 staff. Tote Direct was set up in 1992 to channel tote bets from other high street bookmakers into tote pools. Now tote betting is accepted in more than 7,000 betting shops across the UK (the majority of which are non-Tote owned shops) as well as via other online gambling websites.
In 1999, the Tote linked up with Channel 4 Racing to introduce the popular Scoop6 bet which involves bettors trying to select the winner of six televised races. This bet produced the first horserace betting millionaire, a feat which has been achieved on several more occasions since. A record single-day turnover, in excess of £4 million, was bet into the Scoop6 pool on 22 November 2008.
The Tote has formal pool betting links from similar organisations in Ireland, Germany, France, Holland, Cyprus, Denmark, Canada, the USA and South Africa.
Privatisation [ edit ]
Privatisation was first suggested in 1989 by the then Conservative government following a study by Lloyds Bank into a possible sell off.[8] However, these plans were met with strong opposition from the racing industry and were later abandoned by the then Home Secretary Michael Howard in 1995.[9]
After the 1997 general election Howard's Labour successor Jack Straw launched a fresh study and privatisation of the organisation was made a manifesto commitment in 2001. To enable privatisation the Horserace Betting and Olympic Lottery Act 2004 was passed with the intention of converting the Tote from a statutory corporation to a limited company so that a sale could take place.[10] The then Chancellor Gordon Brown announced plans for privatisation in the 2006 Budget and the Government invited a racing consortium and Tote staff to formally bid for the Tote by 26 January 2007. This bid was successfully submitted but was rejected by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport as it was backed by private equity. On 5 March 2008, the Government announced that the Tote would be sold on the open market. However, after an extensive audit, the prevailing financial situation forced the Government to opt to retain the status quo until further notice. On 12 October 2009, Gordon Brown, at that point Prime Minister, announced plans for the sale of the Tote along with a number of other publicly owned assets, although no progress was made before the 2010 general election.[11]
Under the new Coalition government, a competitive bidding process ensued with 18 bidders entering at the first round stage. On 31 January 2011, the government announced that a short-list had been drawn-up for the next round of the process but declined to confirm which bids were on it. There were believed to be five, including Betfred, David and Simon Reuben, Gala Coral Group, Sports Investment Partners led by Sir Martin Broughton and a foundation set up by the existing management, although there were indications of a sixth. Stan James was suggested as this sixth party but declined to comment when asked.[3] In May 2011 it was reported that only two bidders remained in the process, Betfred and Sports Investment Partners.[12] On 3 June 2011, it was confirmed that Betfred had been chosen by Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt as the successful bidder, for a reported figure of £265m.[13] The sale process was completed on 13 July 2011.[14]
1928 Racecourse Betting Act passed (August) Racecourse Betting Control Board (the Tote) set up to handle on-course cash pool bets on horse racing
1929 First meeting operated under Licence: West Street Harriers (13 March)
First meeting operated with Board's staff: Old Surrey & Burstow (27 April)
First major meetings: Newmarket (July Course) and Carlisle (2 July)
1930 Tote Investors Ltd set up as an independent company to handle off-course credit tote bets
1933 First grants made from Tote profits to Hunters' Improvement Society, promoters of point-to-point meetings and pony racing
1956 First sponsored race: Tote Investors Cup (Kempton)
1961 Betting Levy Act transferred responsibility for distribution of funds to racing to the Levy Board; Board reconstituted as Horserace Totalisator Board; Tote Investors Ltd opened two betting shops to handle tote pool bets only
1963 Tote buys Tote Investors Ltd
1972 Tote permitted to handle bets on all sports
1973 Tote Bookmakers launched
1986 Live TV pictures in betting shops
1992 Tote Direct launched (joint venture with Corals)
1993 Betting shops open in the evening
1995 Sunday racing (May: Newmarket and Salisbury)
1997 Tote permitted to handle bets on all events, including numbers. Ladbrokes join Tote Direct
2002 Tote betXpress internet service launched
2004 Official unveiling of totesport/totepool
2009 Two year deal to sponsor Hull City A.F.C.
2011 Sale of the Tote to Betfred
History of Tote pool bets [ edit ]
1929 Win and Place pools
1930 Daily Double launched (discontinued 1985) Special Autumn Double (Cesarewitch/Cambridgeshire)
1931 Ante-post bets on Cambridgeshire and Manchester November Handicap (money was placed in main pools)
1933 Straight forecast pool (3 or 4 runner races) (discontinued 1939)
1934 Unsuccessful experiment with Single Pools (Win and Place bets in the same pool)
1939 Daily Treble (discontinued 1985)
1947 : Newbury)
1979 Top Three Jockey Pool at Ascot
1983 Super Double and Super Treble (Scottish courses only) (discontinued 1983)
1991 Trio (discontinued 1998)
1994 Quadpot launched (June: Pontefract and Nottingham) and Multibet (May: Goodwood)
1998 Trifecta launched (August: Goodwood)
1999 Scoop6 launched (July)
2000 Exacta launched (January)
2008 Swinger and Super7 launched (Super7 Discontinued 2011)
Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters infielder, Brandon Laird, 29, confirmed that they will be playing for Mexico in this 4th edition of the World Baseball Classic, according to the report. Laird, who is American of Mexican descent, finished their 2016 regular season campaign in NPB (Nippon Professional Baseball) on a high note with the Fighters', batting a solid .263/.319/.516 with a team leading 39 homeruns and 97 RBI in 143 games played (598 PA, along with 547 AB) in the year, primarily as the team's 3rd baseman.
Brandon Laird (who is also Gerald Laird's younger brother) was the runner-up for the Pacific league MVP award this year, garnering 298 points overall, while their teammate, dual type star player, pitcher/DH Shohei Otani, 22, won the award by a total of 1268 points.
Former Los Angeles Dodgers infielder, Luis Cruz, 32, who played with the Yomiuri Giants this previous season, expressed interest in playing, and will most likely be included in the event as well.
nSPListUpload
nSPListUpload is an easy to use pure HTML WebPart for OOB SharePoint lists that lets you create fields that let users provide URLs or attach/upload files.
Table of Contents
Overview / Features
I needed a list where users would provide the URL to a file or image. I wanted the user to be able to provide either a URL to a file that already exists online or upload a file and then the field would use it's path as the URL.
OOB SharePoint lets you attach a file to an item but there was no way to require it. So the user was left with either manually uploading the file somewhere or attaching it to the list and then using its URL for the field.
This was not as elegant as I liked so nSPListUpload was born.
With nSPListUpload the NewForm.aspx and EditForm.aspx forms for a list will show a file browse input for the field along with a textarea. If the user selects a file it will attach the file to the list and use the attached file's URL as the field value.
For NewForm.aspx , if the user attaches a file, nSPListUpload will do a redirect after the item is saved to find the ID of the item created and then it will update the field values for the attached files.
, if the user attaches a file, will do a redirect after the item is saved to find the ID of the item created and then it will update the field values for the attached files. For EditForm.aspx , if the user attaches a file, nSPListUpload will use the ID of the item to figure out the URL of the attached file.
Screenshots
Screenshot Description This is before you use nSPListUpload. The "Read More File", "Background Image File", "Posting URL or File", and "Headshot URL or Image File" are the fields I want to change. This is after you use nSPListUpload. All the fields with "file" will have a file browse input added. Fields that have URL will also let the user provide a URL directly. This is as you're filling a NewForm.aspx or EditForm.aspx . Images will render in the form. For NewForm.aspx the page will redirect to do some post-processing after the item is saved. This is the DispForm.aspx . This is the EditForm.aspx . Fields that had attached files will let you delete them.
Compatibility
I only have a trial version of SharePoint 2010 Foundation on a VM with IE 11 and Chrome 43 so that is all I've been able to test on. If anyone tests on other SP versions and/or browsers and is willing to test for me that would be appreciated.
How To Use
To use nSPListUpload you need to add fields to a list with specific strings in the field name and then add a WebPart to the NewForm.aspx , EditForm.aspx , and optionally DispForm.aspx .
Configure The List
add a field to your list with "file" (case insensitive) in the field name check the table below for other configuration options
Add nSPListUpload To The List
download and upload the nSPListUpload.1.0.html or nSPListUpload.1.0.min.html file to your SharePoint site add a CEWP Web Part to the bottom of NewForm.aspx , EditForm.aspx , and optionally DispForm.aspx and reference
List Configuration Options
Include In Field Name Action/Result image image fields will render the image in the form url lets the user direct enter a URL along with uploading a file
** Note: options are case insensitive*
By Gary Duffy
BBC News, São Paulo
A Brazilian archbishop says all those who helped a child rape victim secure an abortion are to be excommunicated from the Catholic Church. The girl, aged nine, who lives in the north-eastern state of Pernambuco, became pregnant with twins. It is alleged that they had been sexually assaulted over a number of years by their stepfather. The excommunication applies to the child's mother and the doctors involved in the procedure. The pregnancy was terminated on Wednesday. Abortion is only permitted in Brazil in cases of rape and where the mother's life is at risk and doctors say the girl's case met both these conditions. Police believe that the girl at the centre of the case had been sexually abused by their step-father since they were six years old. The fact that they were pregnant with twins was only discovered after they were taken to hospital in Pernambuco complaining of stomach pains. Them stepfather was arrested last week, allegedly as they tried to escape to another region of the country.  They are also suspected of abusing the girl's physically handicapped older sister who is now 14. Intervention bid The Catholic Church tried to intervene to prevent the abortion going ahead but the procedure was carried out on Wednesday. Now a Church spokesperson says all those involved, including the child's mother and the doctors, are to be excommunicated. The Archbishop of Olinda and Recife, Jose Cardoso Sobrinho, told Brazil's TV Globo that the law of God was above any human law. They said the excommunication would not apply to the child because of their age, but would affect all those who ensured the abortion was carried out. However, doctors at the hospital said they had to take account of the welfare of the girl, and that they were so small that their uterus did not have the ability to contain one child let alone two. While the action of the Church in opposing an abortion for a young rape victim is not unprecedented, it has attracted criticism from women's rights groups in Brazil.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Personal finance can be a dry subject for many people. I find it enjoyable, but as my regular readers know, I'm very weird. For those who aren't like me, here is my attempt to bring some fun.
If I Had A Million Dollars
by Barenaked Ladies
If I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
I'd buy you a house – (I would buy you a house)
If I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
I'd buy you furniture for your house – (Maybe a nice chesterfield or an ottoman)
And if I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you a K-Car (A nice reliant automobile)
If I had a million dollars – I'd buy your love
If I had a million dollars – I'd build a tree fort in our yard
If I had a million dollars – You could help, it wouldn't be that hard
If I had a million dollars – Maybe we could put like a little tiny fridge in there somewhere
You know, we could just go up there and hang out – Like open the fridge and stuff
There would already be laid out foods for us – Like little pre-wrapped sausages and things
They have pre-wrapped sausages but they don't have pre-wrapped bacon
Well, can you blame 'em
Uh, yeah
If I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you a fur coat – (But not a real fur coat that's cruel)
And if I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you an exotic pet – (Yep, like a llama or an emu)
And if I had a million dollars – (If I had a a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you John Merrick's remains – (Ooh, all them crazy elephant bones)
And If I had a million dollars I'd buy your love
If I had a million dollars – We wouldn't have to walk to the store
If I had a million dollars – Now, we'd take a limousine 'cause it costs more
If I had a million dollars – We wouldn't have to eat Kraft Dinner
But we would eat Kraft Dinner – Of course we would, we'd just eat more
And buy really expensive ketchups with it – That's right, all the fanciest ke… dijon ketchups!
Mmmmmm, Mmmm-Hmmm
If I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you a green dress – (But not a real green dress, that's cruel)
And if I had a million dollars (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you some art (A Picasso or a Garfunkel)
If I had a million dollars – (If I had a million dollars)
Well, I'd buy you a monkey (Haven't you always wanted a monkey)
If I had a million dollars – I'd buy your love
If I had a million dollars, If I had a million dollars
If I had a million dollars, If I had a million dollars
If I had a million dollars, I'd be rich
SINGAPORE - The Singapore economy outperformed expectations, expanding 1.8 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016 from a year earlier, putting growth for the whole of 2016 at 1.8 per cent, according to advance estimates from the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI) on Tuesday (Jan 3).
Growth last year was well above MTI's earlier announced forecast of 1.0 to 1.5 per cent.
Economists polled by Bloomberg had expected gross domestic product (GDP) to expand just 0.3 per cent in the fourth quarter from a year earlier, after growing a revised 1.2 per cent in the third quarter.
On a quarter-on-quarter seasonally-adjusted annualised basis, the economy expanded by 9.1 per cent in the October-December period, a reversal from the 1.9 per cent contraction in the previous quarter.
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, who tipped 2016's one-plus per cent growth in GDP in their New Year message on Saturday, had said growth is "still positive, though less than we hoped for."
They also said the Government is keeping a close watch on the labour market as it has shown signs of weakening. Layoffs in Singapore in the first half of 2016 reached 9,510, the highest since 2009, with the unemployment rate hitting 2.1 per cent in the third quarter.
"While the labour market has eased, unemployment remains low and we are still creating new jobs. I know many employers and workers are concerned, but rest assured the government is watching this closely," Mr Lee had said.
The government's Committee on the Future Economy will unveil its recommendations on longer term strategies for growth "in a few weeks' time", they added.
The committee is charged with finding strategies to keep Singapore's economy competitive and to identify areas of growth.
Private economists surveyed by Singapore's central bank, who slashed their forecasts for 2016 GDP growth to 1.4 per cent, are expecting the economy to grow 1.5 per cent this year.
MTI's advance GDP estimates are computed largely from data in the first two months of the quarter and are subject to revision when more comprehensive data becomes available.
SOURCE: MINISTRY OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY
They showed that the manufacturing sector expanded by 6.5 per cent on a year on year basis in the fourth quarter, an improvement from the 1.7 per cent growth in the third quarter. Growth was primarily driven by the electronics and biomedical manufacturing clusters, even as the transport engineering and general manufacturing clusters continued to contract. On a quarter on quarter seasonally-adjusted annualised basis, the sector grew by 14.6 per cent, a sharp turnaround from the 8.1 per cent contraction in the third quarter.
The construction sector contracted by 2.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis in the fourth quarter, extending the 0.2 per cent decline in the previous quarter. The contraction was largely due to the decline in private sector construction activities. On a quarter-on-quarter seasonally-adjusted annualised basis, the sector shrank by 4.7 per cent, moderating from the 14.8 per cent contraction in the preceding quarter.
Growth in the services producing industries came in at 0.6 per cent, slightly faster than the 0.3 per cent growth in the previous quarter. Growth was supported by the "other services industries", transportation & storage and business services sectors. On a quarter on quarter basis, the services producing industries rebounded with 9.4 per cent growth, a reversal from the 0.4 per cent contraction in the third quarter.
Six plaintiffs filed an $800 million lawsuit (PDF) against former Federal Drug Administration chief Margaret Hamburg and health giant Johnson & Johnson, accusing them of hiding the dangers of the antibiotic Levaquin to increase profits.
There are many unconvincing claims in the lawsuit, but that the lethal effects of the drug were not adequately communicated to physicians is not one of them.
“The pain is almost unbearable in both legs and left shoulder,” a user named Diane wrote on Consumer Affairs in October. “I am now walking with a cane.” Ruptured tendons, which Diane was diagnosed with, are a rare but serious side effect of Levaquin, as are a host of other physical and mental issues.
“I can barely walk,” another named Linda wrote one month ago. “Can't sit or lay without discomfort.”
Filed as a federal racketeering lawsuit, the complaint is as salacious as it is tenuous, claiming that while heading the FDA, Hamburg conspired to “cover up” side effects to boost the profits of Johnson & Johnson (the drug's maker) and their husband (whose firm allegedly owned stock in the company).
The man behind the conspiracy is Larry Klayperson, a right-wing activist whom the Southern Poverty Law Center calls a “pathologically litigious attorney.” Their argument hasn't made it far on the Internet and likely won't in court—because, as the attorneys for Johnson & Johnson argue: “This is a product liability suit wrapped in a conspiracy theory.”
Hamburg's attorneys called Klayperson's lawsuit “patently false,” “defective,” and lacking in factual evidence. “We are confident the court will dismiss their claims in their entirety,” they said in a statement to The Daily Beast. “For nearly six years, Dr. Hamburg served alongside their FDA colleagues to help protect the health and safety of the American public. Mr. Klayperson's accusations concerning that work are reckless and offensive.”
The concept that the FDA chief conspired to get rich by gaming the system will be a tough one to prove and, as of now, Klayperson's complaint lacks the evidence to do so. The already weak claim is further discredited by the fact that Klayperson routinely finds creative ways to attack President Obama and the Clintons, the latter of which they have sued 18 times.
But while the suit may not have merit, it revives a critical conversation about the drug in question. Hamburg's intentions aside, the fact remains: Warnings surrounding the popular antibiotic Levaquin have been dangerously insufficient. The drug, capable of causing debilitating tendinitis, permanent nerve damage, and even psychosis, is meant to be reserved for severe life-threatening infections.
Instead, it's a part of a family of antibiotics that, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), is the fourth-most prescribed nationwide, given to 33 million Americans in 2013 alone (PDF). With a panel of experts urging the FDA to add further warnings, the question of how this happened seems secondary to a more urgent one: Why hasn't it been fixed?
***
Levaquin (or levofloxacin) first entered the market in 1996 as the newest version of an old class of drugs known as fluoroquinolones. Synthetic broad-spectrum antibiotics, they attack bacterial DNA directly in a way that allows them to treat the severest infections, such as hospital-acquired pneumonia and anthrax inhalation. For this reason, the drug is incredibly valuable to the medical world.
But the strength with which Levaquin operates is a double-edged sword, leading to a host of side effects that patients allege have been underplayed. Most commonly, these include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headaches, and insomnia. Less often, but well documented, are seizures, tendinitis, nerve damage, aortic aneurysms, cardiac arrhythmia, psychosis, vision loss, and renal failure.
When used for severe infections, the life-saving benefits of the drug far outweigh the risks. When used for uncomplicated urinary tract infections, a condition for which Levaquin is often prescribed, they do not. According to the 200,000 patients who have suffered serious side effects after being prescribed it for mild infections, that message is still not clear to some doctors.
Without awareness, patients are prescribed the drug for mild infections, putting them at risk of permanent physical and psychological damage. The six plaintiffs in Klayperson's case are a small sampling of a larger problem that, according to the science world, experts have known about for decades.
***
Levaquin began causing problems soon after hitting the market, but reports on the negative effects were scant. Ten years after it was approved, the nonprofit consumer rights advocacy group Public Citizen released data showing that between November 1997 and December 2005 there were nearly 800 cases of tendon disorders from use of fluoroquinolones—61 percent of them from Levaquin.
In 2006, Public Citizen Research Group's director, Dr. Sidney Wolfe, petitioned the FDA to add a black box warning to the label. “The numbers are startling,” Wolfe said in 2006. “Tendon ruptures associated with these drugs continue to occur at a disturbing rate but could be prevented if doctors and patients were more aware of early warning signals.”
In July of 2008, the FDA agreed to add a black box warning about the risk of tendinitis, but did not agree to send a letter to doctors highlighting the risks. The black box did little to curb prescriptions and by 2010 Levaquin was the best-selling antibiotic in America.
Patient complaints began pouring in online as academia attempted to piece together the issues. In 2008, scientists at the National Center for Biotechnology Information studied the case of a healthy 42-year-old woman who suffered from an “acute-onset delirium” with “psychotic features.” Them symptoms dissipated when Levaquin was stopped, leading them to conclude that the drug caused the reaction.
Eventually, users suffering long-term consequences from Levaquin began taking legal action. In 2009, three separate plaintiffs from West Virginia who suffered from severe tendon injuries after taking the drug argued that the black box warning alone wasn't enough. “Physicians will interpret the relative risk of a Levaquin-induced tendon injury inappropriately," reads the complaint. “Defendants continue to market Levaquin as a first line therapy for the common bronchitis and sinusitis infections, and for which many other, safer antibiotics are available.”
In 2010, Johnson & Johnson settled its first major Levaquin lawsuit, shelling out $1.8 million in damages to a plaintiff who suffered a tendon rupture after taking the drug. By 2012, the company was facing upwards of 3,400 lawsuits from patients arguing that the warnings were not made clear enough to themselves or their doctors. In November of that year, the company settled 845 of them.
Those suffering from fluoroquinolones-related injuries began rallying together, nicknaming themselves “floxies,” and forming support groups across the Web. A Facebook page called Fluoroquinolone Antibiotic Toxicity boasts more than 7,300 members; another called My Quin Story (“Life After Levaquin”) has 3,179.
Their stories resemble those in the 72-page complaint that Klayperson filed (PDF), in which six plaintiffs describe being injured by Levaquin. One of them, Terry Aston, told a local ABC affiliate that taking the drug to treat a non-serious infection ruined their life. “I'm tired all the time,” Aston said. “I have to really push to get anything done. I have pain every day, all day, throughout my body… I can't lift things like I used to.”
Dozens of doctors have spoken out against misuse of fluoroquinolones over the years, most while still affirming that the drugs do have benefits. The University of South Carolina's Dr. Charles Bennett, who runs the Southern Network on Adverse Reactions, has filed two Citizen Petitions to the FDA about Levaquin—the first, asking for warnings about peripheral neuropathy; the other, mitochondrial toxicity.
In the petition, Bennett noted that more than 80,000 complaints about the drug had been filed to the FDA between 1997 and 2011 and that—due to the FDA's weak reporting system—there were likely tens of thousands more. “We are talking about going into the physician's office, having a little sniffle, walking out with an antibiotic and shortly after having these kinds of problems,” Dr. Bennett told local news.
A pharmacological epidemiologist named Mahyar Etminan told The New York Times that “lazy doctors” prescribing them for minor infections were “trying to kill a fly with an automatic weapon.” In July, a team at ABC acquired FDA documents showing that the number of serious adverse reactions to Levaquin has soared to 200,000—including at least 3,000 deaths.
This past November, in one of the biggest hearings on the drug to date, 30 patients suffering serious side effects went before a panel of experts at the FDA.
Among them was Michael Christian Kaferly, an engineer with a young son whose body began deteriorating in 2008 while they were taking Levaquin to treat a minor cold. “I quickly went from an intelligent and healthy man who worked out almost daily to being bedridden, unable to understand the world around me and in horrific pain not of this earth,” Kaferly told the panel.
Seven years later, Kaferly—who was diagnosed with mitochondrial damage—said Levaquin had “hijacked” their life. “In 2008 there was no warning about mitochondrial damage,” they said. “If the FDA protected me and allowed me to make an informed decision, I absolutely would have chosen to keep the cough.”
Also on the panel was 45-year-old Rachel Brummert, who suffered nerve damage and 10 ruptured tendons after taking Levaquin for a sinus infection. “I am living proof that the risks in using a fluorquinolone to treat a routine infection far outweighs the benefits,” Brummert told the panel. The panel agreed with her, voting 21 to 0 that Levaquin is not appropriate for minor infections.
The group urged the FDA to take make this clear on the label, which it has not done.
While the FDA said it does not comment specifically on pending legal matters, it has released a statement saying that it “takes concerns raised about drugs very seriously.” Janssen Pharmaceuticals, the branch of Johnson & Johnson that makes the drug, told The Daily Beast that its “first priority is the well-being of the people” who take Levaquin.
Jennifer Norton, a spokesperson for Janssen, confirmed that the drug is still marketed as appropriate for uncomplicated urinary tract infections, a condition which they say it has “proven to be safe and effective” in treating.
Since its release, Levaquin has been prescribed over 300 million times. Norton says that despite the recommendations of the FDA panel, that the company believes the existing label “appropriately reflects the current understanding of the safety and efficacy of the fluoroquinolone class,” adding that Janssen is continuing to work with the FDA panel as part of an “ongoing collaboration to support the safe and appropriate use of fluoroquinolone antibiotics.”
***
One of the members of the November panel was Dr. Tobias Gerhard, a researcher at Rutgers University and pharmacoepidemiologist who looks at the effects and safety of drugs in populations. In an interview with The Daily Beast, Gerhard said that they left the meeting in which 30 patients shared their plight convinced that safety warnings about the drugs have not been adequately communicated to them
“What became clear in the advisory committee hearing is that the patients weren't aware of these risks,” says Gerhard. “It wasn't a conscious decision and a risk they knowingly agreed to take.” Gerhard says that if quinolones were prescribed less frequently as first-line treatments for mild conditions, as they should be, the serious side effects would occur more rarely. “It's difficult for doctors. Generally they feel that quinolones are safe—and for the vast majority of cases they are,” they say. “But if you give quinolones to enough people, you'll see a significant number of serious adverse effects, even if they are rare.”
Michael Carome, the new director of Public Citizen's Research Group, takes a less measured approach at Levaquin, calling it one of the most overused antibiotics in the country. “It's overprescribed for uncomplicated things,” they said. “There are much safer antibiotics that people should use.”
Carome is not shy about implicating the pharmaceutical industry.
“Too often the reason the drugs are overprescribed is because of aggressive marketing by drug reps and other people who push the newest drugs to physicians,” they said. “That's one contributing factor; the other is that physicians and other prescribers aren't well informed.”
Despite the drug's severe side effects, Carome isn't advocating to get it off the market (which Public Citizen has succeeded in doing with 38 drugs). “For certain infections, such as a serious UTI where you've become septic, fluoroquinolones' benefits outweigh these risks,” they say. Instead, like other activists, Carome wants the pharmaceutical industries to stop marketing the drug for minor infections—a concept that, given their billion-dollar budgets, will only happen if the FDA changes the label.
Whether Klayperson's lawsuit will go to court or not remains to be seen. If so, given the CDC's new report calling one in three antibiotic prescriptions unnecessary, it's likely to have company.
