Bitcoin, the virtual money former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan called “a bubble,” was accepted as payment in the purchase of a Tesla Motors Inc. Model S electric car at a California Lamborghini dealership.
Lamborghini Newport Beach sold the car for about $103,000, or 91.4 Bitcoins, in a transaction handled by payment processor BitPay, said Cedric Davy, marketing director for the Costa Mesa, Calif.-based dealership. The sale cleared Dec. 6 and the Model S will be delivered to its Florida-based buyer, who asked not to be identified, Davy said by telephone.
“We're a dealership -- we're not in the business of doing any speculation,” they said. “For us, it was just important that the money could be transferred into U.S. dollars.”
While Bitcoin has been embraced by some as a way to pay for goods using smartphone applications, the money has had a harder time winning acceptance from governments and banks. This week China's central bank barred financial institutions from handling Bitcoin transactions. Baidu Inc., the owner of that nation's largest Internet search engine, yesterday halted acceptance of payments using Bitcoins for its website-acceleration service.
Bitcoins exist as software and aren't regulated by any country or banking authority. They had climbed more than 80-fold this year before trading at $865, down 16 percent, at 5:36 p.m. New York time Dec. 6 on Bitstamp, one of the more active online exchanges where the digital money is traded for dollars and other currencies.
“Some people want to get out before they get burnt, I feel, so this is probably why we're going to see some sales in the very near future” of more cars using Bitcoins, Davy said.
Intrinsic Value
Bitcoin “has to have intrinsic value,” Greenspan said Dec. 4 in a Bloomberg TV interview. “You have to really stretch your imagination to infer what the intrinsic value of Bitcoin is. I haven't been able to do it. Maybe somebody else can.”
The dealership doesn't know if it is one of the first and possibly only dealerships to sell a car in exchange for Bitcoins, Davy said. Charles Cyrill, a spokesperson for the National Automobile Dealers Association, which represents almost 16,000 new-car dealers, said they couldn't immediately comment.
Davy said he's heard from “a couple” other dealers who were interested in how the Model S transaction worked after Lamborghini Newport Beach posted about it on its blog.
“It doesn't seem like it's hit the car world as much as it hit probably the finance or the tech world,” they said of interest in Bitcoin.
Turned Down
Blogs including MotorAuthority and Zero Hedge and the Orange County Business Journal reported on the Model S transaction earlier this week.
The dealership has taken about 10 phone calls from potential customers interested in buying cars with Bitcoins, and it's open to do more such sales, Davy said. The Model S buyer had been turned down by other dealers who didn't want to accept Bitcoins, they said.
“I've heard about Bitcoins before, but I was not very familiar with what it is,” Davy said. “It's still a little abstract to me, to be honest.”
Bitcoin has received other endorsements, including from analysts at Bank of America Corp.'s Merrill Lynch unit. Bitcoins should have a maximum market value of about $1,300, assuming they become a major e-commerce instrument and a significant “store of value” that's similar to silver, David Woo, a foreign exchange strategist, and other analysts at Merrill Lynch wrote in a report Dec. 5.
The People's Bank of China also said this week that the public is free to participate in Internet transactions provided they take on risk themselves.
Tesla's stock has had its own roller coaster ride as U.S. regulators investigate the Model S for a possible recall after at least three accidents that ended in fires, and fourth-quarter earnings guidance that trailed some analysts' estimates.
While the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company's shares have risen more than fourfold this year, the stock is down from a closing peak of $193.37 on Sept. 30.
Liz Jarvis-Shean, a Tesla spokesperson, declined to comment on the Bitcoin sale.
Writing efficient overflow checks in C is very challenging (but good brain exercise). Even libraries written by security experts, such as Microsoft's SafeInt and CERT's IntegerLib, could contain broken overflow checks.
For another example, I have seen a lot of bit tricks for detecting int + int overflow, many of which are actually questionable because they rely on undefined behavior. At C-language level one cannot compute the signed addition first before overflow checking since signed integer overflow is undefined. Guess what C compilers would do to the following code.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 int sum ( int a , int b ) { int c ; assert ( a >= 0 ); assert ( b >= 0 ); c = a + b ; /* both a and b are non-negative */ if ( c < 0 ) /* overflow? */ abort (); return c ; }
GCC will optimize away the check c < 0 , while Clang keeps it. You may try another (broken) form c < a : this time GCC keeps the check, while Clang removes it.
I am proposing an overflow detection library, libo. Unlike previous ones, it consists of assembly code, and due to the fact that I am lazy, the assembly code is generated automatically from a short program.
Let's start with a simple task: writing an array allocator malloc_array(n, size) , where n is the number of elements and size is the element size (i.e., the non-zeroing version of calloc ).
Here's a popular way.
1 2 3 4 5 6 void * malloc_array ( size_t n , size_t size ) { if ( size && n > SIZE_MAX / size ) return NULL ; return malloc ( n * size ); }
Unfortunately neither GCC nor Clang is able to optimize away the division (dunno why though; looks like a straightforward transformation).
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 malloc_array: # @malloc_array .cfi_startproc # BB#0: # %entry testq %rsi , %rsi je .LBB0_3 # BB#1: # %land.rhs movq $-1 , %rax xorl %edx , %edx divq %rsi cmpq %rdi , %rax jae .LBB0_3 # BB#2: # %return xorl %eax , %eax ret .LBB0_3: # %if.end imulq %rdi , %rsi movq %rsi , %rdi jmp malloc # TAILCALL .Ltmp0: .size malloc_array , .Ltmp0-malloc_array .cfi_endproc
If you are crazy about performance, try this trick from the Boehm GC guys.
1 2 3 4 5 #define SQRT_SIZE_MAX ((1U << (sizeof(size_t) * 8 / 2)) - 1) if (( size | n ) > SQRT_SIZE_MAX /* fast test */ && size && n > SIZE_MAX / size ) return NULL ;
Another way is to promote the integer operation to a wider type, such as 128-bit (assuming size_t is 64-bit); just don't forget to do the type cast before multiplication. I am not sure how portable this is. The grsecurity patch uses something similar to modify kmalloc .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 void * malloc_array ( size_t n , size_t size ) { __uint128_t bytes = ( __uint128_t ) n * ( __uint128_t ) bytes ; if ( bytes > SIZE_MAX ) return NULL ; return malloc (( size_t ) bytes ); }
With the new libo, malloc_array could be implemented as follows.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 void * malloc_array ( size_t n , size_t size ) { size_t bytes ; if ( umuloz ( n , size , & bytes )) return NULL ; return malloc ( bytes ); }
With link-time optimization, Clang produces very nice code: compared to the baseline code (without overflow checking), it has only one more jno .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 malloc_array: # @malloc_array .cfi_startproc # BB#0: # %entry movq %rdi , %rax mulq %rsi jno .LBB0_2 # BB#1: # %return xorl %eax , %eax ret .LBB0_2: # %if.end movq %rax , %rdi jmp malloc # TAILCALL .Ltmp0: .size malloc_array , .Ltmp0-malloc_array .cfi_endproc
Here is the trick. LLVM internally supports arithmetic with overflow operations, based on which the libo generator builds up functions like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 define i32 @umulo64 ( i64 , i64 , i64 *) alwaysinline { entry: %3 = call { i64 , i1 } @llvm.umul.with.overflow.i64 ( i64 %0 , i64 %1 ) %4 = extractvalue { i64 , i1 } %3 , 0 store i64 %4 , i64 * %2 %5 = extractvalue { i64 , i1 } %3 , 1 %6 = sext i1 %5 to i32 ret i32 %6 }
To use libo with Clang (and link-time optimization), one can just use the IR. To use libo with GCC, one can invoke LLVM's backends to generate assembly. Assuming LLVM is implemented correctly, we get a correct and efficient libo implementation for all architectures LLVM supports.
Toronto — May 12, 2011 — Socialist Project's Left Streamed — Part 1: Opening remarks by Jordy Cummings is a writer, organiser and doctoral student at York University.  They are a member of the coordinating committee and Free and Accessible Transit Campaign of the Greater Toronto Workers' Assembly. Rick Salutin is a novelist, playwright and columnist for the Toronto Star.
Part 2: Co-author of Stop Signs: Cars and Capitalism on the Road to Economic, Social and Ecological Decay, Bianca Mugyenyi, was born in Uganda and spent parts of their youth in Swaziland, Kenya and England.  They are the former chair of the Canadian Federation of Students-Quebec and has been heavily involved in campaigns ranging from the struggle for accessible education and reproductive rights to justice for missing and murdered Indigenous women in Canada. They currently coordinate campaigns and programming at Concordia's Centre for Gender Advocacy.
Part 3: Co-author of Stop Signs: Cars and Capitalism on the Road to Economic, Social and Ecological Decay, Yves Engler, has been dubbed “one of the most important voices on the Canadian left today” (by Briarpatch magazine) and “in the mould of I. F. Stone” (by the Globe and Mail). Their four previous books have been praised by Noam Chomsky, Naomi Klein, William Blum and many others.
In North America, human beings have become enthralled by the automobile: a quarter of our working lives are spent paying for them; communities fight each other for the right to build more of them; our cities have been torn down, remade and planned with their needs as the overriding concern; wars are fought to keep their fuel tanks filled; songs are written to praise them; cathedrals are built to worship them.
Drawing on their new book Stop Signs: Cars and Capitalism on the Road to Economic, Social and Ecological Decay, authors Bianca Mugyenyi and Yves Engler describe how the automobile's ascendance is inextricably linked to capitalism and involved corporate malfeasance, political intrigue, backroom payoffs, media manipulation, racism, academic corruption, third world coups, secret armies, environmental destruction and war.
Articles by Bianca Mugyenyi and Yves Engler
For More information about the book: stopsigns.fairtrademedia.com.
President Obama's policy — well, their lack of one — when it comes to confronting America's enemies was on full and embarrassing display Tuesday.
First, the president unveiled their long-delayed plan to close the terrorist detention center at Guantanamo Bay, saying that keeping it open is “contrary to our values.”
It was dead before arrival. Even Democrats weren't rushing to endorse it.
After all, just three months ago, Congress overwhelmingly passed a bill that bans moving the detainees to the United States. (The Senate vote was 91-3.) And moving them here is the only way to close Gitmo.
Second, Secretary of State John Kerry conceded that their much-touted ceasefire in Syria, set to take effect Saturday, “may be” little more than what a Democratic senator called a “rope-a-dope deal.”
With Washington as the dope.
“I'm not going to vouch for this,” said Kerry. With good reason: It doesn't cover ISIS, the al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front and other terrorist groups — nor anyone who cares to fire at them. For months, Russia's been bombing anyone it wants to while claiming to be targeting ISIS.
Plus, no one knows how (or even if) violations will be handled. The whole thing depends on the good will of Iran, Bashar al-Assad and Vladimir Putin — who's sure to continue airstrikes against anti-Assad forces.
The Gitmo plan is just as hollow — and with even less justification, despite the president's repeated and dubious claims.
The remaining detainees aren't “low risk” — those were mostly freed before Obama took office. They're very much high-risk — like the five top Taliban commanders Obama sprang in exchange for Bowe Bergh­dal, who now faces court-martial for desertion.
On Tuesday, in fact, a Gitmo “alum” was arrested by Spanish officials, who said they were part of an ISIS recruiting cell.
Just more proof that when it comes to threats to the nation, this president lives in the land of make-believe.
Hey kids on farms! Set down your screwdrivers and bags of seeds! Put your feet up and relax! Fire up the Xbox! The federal officials in the big urban city of Washington D.C. have put a target on family farms and part of that includes banning chores, says Sen. John Thune, R-S.D.
"The big-government bureaucrats of the Obama administration have set their sights on our way of life," Thune said during the Republican National Convention in Tampa on Aug. 29. "Instead of preserving family farms and ranches, President Obama's policies are effectively regulating them out of business. Their administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!"
Is it true that Obama's administration proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores?
We've heard similar claims about a proposed U.S. Department of Labor rule change about children working on farms. Members of Congress such as U.S. Rep. Tom Rooney, R-Fla., said the proposed rule "would threaten generations of farm tradition and culture....The language of the proposed rule is so specific it would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose."
Rooney was particularly concerned about regulations on power equipment. We ruled their statement Mostly False, though, in April 2012. The proposed rule didn't specifically mention hoses or screwdrivers, and the Labor Department specifically said it had no intention of banning children from using such equipment.
Thune introduced legislation in March 2012 to block the Labor Department from enacting the proposed restrictions.
The Labor Department wrote that the goal was to increase safety and provide parity between rules for children working on farms and non-farm settings. The department was specifically concerned about actual cases of minors killed or maimed in incidents with equipment on farms. But the widespread criticism prompted the Labor Department to yank its proposal, which never went into effect.
Parental exemption
Thune mentioned "family farms," which suggests Obama's administration wanted to ban kids from doing chores even on their own parents' farms. By saying "chores" rather than something such as "paid work" Thune seems to also be suggesting that this is work on their own parents' farms.
For decades, though, a parental exemption has allowed children to do any job on a farm owned or operated by their parents. That means if Dad puts using a screwdriver or garden hose on the list of the kids' chores, the feds won't raise a fuss.
The summary of the proposed rules stated they "would impact only hired farmworkers and in no way compromise the statutory child labor parental exemption involving children working on farms owned or operated by their parents."
As we wrote in a fact-check of a similar claim from U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., that meant no matter the government rules, if a parent who owns a farm tells a child to crank up the milking machine, there's nothing to prohibit it.
That seems like an important and broad exception, given that the bill sponsored by Alexander and 44 others has as its title: "Preserving America's Family Farm Act." If you're working your own parent's farm, the proposed rules wouldn't have applied at all.
The way the department interpreted that parental exemption -- that farms had to be wholly owned by parents for kids to work -- led to an outpouring of angry letters from family farmers who didn't quite meet that strict definition. In February, the department announced that it would rework that section by 2012 and any decision on a final rule would follow.
But that still left a lot of proposed no-nos for children working somewhere other than their own parents' farms. Children under 16 would have been banned from harvesting tobacco, doing certain work with animals, and working from ladders or structures at elevations higher than 6 feet. Violators would have faced fines, and the government could have stopped shipment on crops.
Our ruling
Thune said that the Obama administration "even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores."
There was a proposed rule, prompted by cases of children suffering injury or death while working with agricultural equipment.
But the rule did not apply to kids working on their parents' farms.
We should note there was controversy because some farmers felt that the Labor Department was interpreting the exemption too strictly. In the end, the whole proposed rule was tossed in the trash by federal officials after an outpouring of complaints.
But while the proposal was alive, federal officials did not propose banning children from doing basic chores on their parents' farms.
It's ridiculously false to suggest it applied to children of family farmers and even sillier to say it applied to "chores." Pants on Fire!
The number of Americans with no religious affiliation is at an all-time high, with 20 percent reporting no connection to any particular organized faith. But the positive impact religion can have is still realized every day. Often lost in the news of religious figures resisting social change and waging ideological -- and sometimes violent -- battles is the reality that people around the world are using their faith as an engine for tolerance, empathy and inclusion, not closed-mindedness, fear and malice.
Here are some great examples of groups and individuals getting back to the more compassionate and empathetic roots of religion.
1. A North Carolina United Methodist church took a stand by refusing to marry everyone. Equally.
Green Street United Methodist Church in Winston-Salem, North Carolina is not allowed to wed same-sex couples, as decreed by their United Methodist church rules. But that doesn't mean they can't equally deny everyone the right to marry. "On the matter of gay marriage, the church sees injustice in the legal position of state government and the theological position of our denomination," said a Green Street spokesperson in a press release in March 2013. The North Carolina church is encouraging their ministers to refrain from marrying straight couples as long as the United Methodist Church as a whole continues to deny same-sex couples the right to get married.
2. Catholic Bishops held mass on the U.S.-Mexico border to raise awareness about the U.S.'s inhumane immigration system.
In March, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops gathered for mass on the border in Nogales, Arizona to raise awareness about America's failed Mexico border policies. Since 1998, 5,595 immigrants have died crossing the border as of May 2013. These deaths are not a political issue, but rather a humanitarian one. The USCCB began Justice For Migrants in 2004 with that it mind, to educate the public, especially Catholics, about the church's teachings on immigration and to push for positive reform.
"This is not just a political or economic problem," says Pope Francis adviser and Boston Cardinal Séan O'Malley. "This is a moral problem. ... Those who have died -- and those deported each day -- have the same value and innate God."
3. After anti-Christian attacks, Pakistani Muslims surrounded a church to protect them during mass.
Two weeks after over 100 people were killed during twin suicide bombings at All Saints Church in Peshawar, a town in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Muslims from the community came together in solidarity with Pakistani Christians, joining hands around St. Anthony's church to protect the congregation as they held mass on Sunday. "The terrorists showed us what they do on Sundays," said organizer Mohammad Jibran Nasi. "Here we are showing them what we do on Sundays. We unite."
4. Instead of retaliating against a thief, this Christian woman bought theirs groceries.
Jessica Eaves had their wallet stolen while grocery shopping in their hometown of Guthrie, Oklahoma. The mother of four approached the man they believed to be the thief and said to him, "You can either give me my wallet and I'll forgive you right now, and I'll even take you to the front and pay for your groceries," or they would turn them over to police.
The man apologized profusely and Evans, as promised, paid for the man's groceries, which amounted to about $27. As the head of a Christian outreach group at the First Christian Church Guthrie, Evans says when they saw the man, they were inspired by a passage 6:29 in Luke which says, "If someone slaps you on the cheek, offer the other one as well. If someone takes your coat, don't withhold your shirt either."
5. They lost their position in the church because of it, but nothing would stop this pastor from officiating their gay son's wedding.
A pastor with the United Methodist Church, Rev. Frank Schaefer found out that their son Tim was gay when they came out at the age of 17. The Schaefers accepted them and promised to love their son unconditionally. Frank and their wife continued that acceptance when Tim and their partner announced their engagement six years later. Tim asked their father, pastor at a church that didn't allow the officiating of same-sex marriages, to preside over the wedding. Without hesitation, the reverend agreed.
Schaefer went forward and officiated Tim's wedding and was later defrocked when a member of the United Methodist Church filed a complaint. Schaefer now practices on their own, spreading God's word and welcoming the LGBT community with open arms.
6. Religious leaders united in Africa to tell the world that animals need our protection, too.
Sometimes what unites humanity's religions is the love and safekeeping of our planet. In 2012, the World Wildlife Fund partnered with various religious groups in Africa to raise awareness for the illegal slaughter of elephants and rhinos. Dozens of religious representatives of Christian, Muslim and Hindu faiths from nine African countries arrived at Kenya's Nairobi National Park and prayed over the charred ivory collected from a 1989 ivory burn intended to draw attention to poaching.
"Halting wildlife trade is a moral issue," says Dekila Chungyalpa, WWF's Sacred Earth program director, which is why he's turned to the religious community. "A religious leader can say, 'This is not part of our values. This is immoral.'"
7. This sick Christian Arab teen's dream was to meet Pope Francis, so a rabbi stepped in to make it happen.
To some degree, the job of a believer is often to exhibit your faith through your everyday actions. And when a person of one faith helps out a person of another faith simply to do a good deed and not to preach or convert, that's a special moment.
Such was the case with Chief Rabbi David Lau in Jerusalem when they learned of a young local Christian Arab boy named Mark Rouk. Rouk, 16, is dealing with a debilitating chronic illness that has infected their joints and tendons, leaving them dependent on a wheelchair. It was the teen's wish to be blessed by the Pope in the hope that it might improve their condition. Rabbi Lau stepped in and facilitated a meeting with Pope Francis during the Pope's visit to Jerusalem.
"The Pope's visit in Israel is all about the strengthening of relations between the religions," said Lau. "There is no better way to display that than when a young boy feels they can ask the chief rabbi of Israel to help make this wish come true."
8. Many would have looked away, but Pope Francis embraced this disfigured man with a kiss.
The Catholic Church is used to criticism, whether it's over rampant child abuse, concerns of financial abuse or just plain intolerance toward those outside the organization. But despite being less than all-inclusive, there are those within the church who do good, compassionate work. This was highlighted best by Pope Francis, when they were photographed blessing and kissing a man who had been disfigured by a non-infectious genetic disease called neurofibromatosis. Acts like these can often be even more meaningful when performed by the head of a faith, as these individuals are meant to set the example.
9. The Metro Baptist Church started an urban garden initiative to combat food deserts.
Perhaps the largest critique of organized religion is its inability to change with the times and be conscious of current social issues. Food insecurity is something that affects millions of Americans. According to the USDA, 17.6 millions households lacked access to adequate food. But one church in New York City wants to fix that.
In 2011, the Metro Baptist Church in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of New York City took seven metric tons of soil to their rooftop, along with a few dozen kiddie pools for flower beds, and began their own urban garden. At the end of the first season, all the produce raised was given to the Metro Baptist Church's food pantry and the food pantry of another community church.
10. Faith groups united in Washington to end the use of weapons that could mean the end of us all.
In April, a coalition of various faith groups gathered in Washington for "Making a Difference -- Faith Communities and the Humanitarian Consequences of Nuclear Weapons," an event to promote the abolition of nuclear weapons around the world. Eleven different faith groups, including Buddhists, Jews, Christians and Muslims, signed a statement promising increased activism by their respective religious organizations. Their goal is to highlight the incredibly inhumane and devastating effects these weapons have on the health of the planet and its people.
In the weeks following the election of Donald Trump, white nationalists who feel emboldened by the results have used a favorite word, “cuck,” to insult political figures and opponents they deem as weak and ineffectual in the political realm.
For those unfamiliar with the term, here are a few important points on the origin and backstory of the insult.
The Dictionary Approach
First things first, “cuck” is not a word recognized in dictionaries. The term is a shortened take of “cuckold” which is defined as “a man whose wife is unfaithful.” The implicit message there, then, is that anyone called a “cuck” is someone perceived as emasculated.
Roots In Racism
Many have noted that the use of the word also has a racist background that fits well in the world of alt-right white nationalist vernacular. While "cuck" has been around since the 13th century, the term has gained some relatively new cultural importance through pornography. Cuckold pornography is a variety in which a poorly endowed white man watches their wife have sex with another man (and frequently this other man is a black man), according to Urban Dictionary.
2016
Which now brings us this year's election, when the word was used freely and has been combined with the word “conservative” to create “cuckservative” to take down conservative politicians. The alt-right and white nationalists who favor protecting American white dominance have employed the term to attack politicians like former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who they viewed as a weak and effeminate leader. While political leaders like Bush are willing to apologize for offensive language, others like Trump are not and will double down on offensive remarks, if necessary. To them, the masculinity displayed by Trump is exactly what is needed to harken America back to a time when whites were more expressly dominant and were not threatened in the political sphere by growing minority groups.
Six months into their presidency, Donald Trump has cut over 850 Obama-era regulations while signing 42 laws, an over 20:1 ratio.
That's a conservative estimate which may not factor in that 15 of those 42 laws also reversed Obama regs.
The White House has withdrawn 469 planned rules and inactivated 391 regulations-in-progress that were part of the final regulatory push by former President Obama.
“I describe it as that — sort of that slow accretion, that slow cancer that can come from regulatory burdens that we put on our people,” said White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney.
They indicated that ordinary Americans will notice the streamlining of government, such as outdoorsmen who will no longer need to submit excessive paperwork to visit national parks, for example.
“It's not going to change the world, but when you do that 860 times in the first six months, it can have a benefit,” Mulvaney added. “Plus, if you're a citizen and you're not out there and it's now easier for you to use the national parks, to use our public lands, that's got to have a positive impact on you.”
In contrast, President Trump has signed 42 bills into law, the most recent being the Securing our Agriculture and Food Act on June 30.
Several of those laws, including S.496 and H.J.Res. 66, were written to roll back Obama-era policies.
“You cannot put out a new reg until you get two old regs off the books. That was our two-for-one policy,” Mulvaney continued about their own department's regulatory roll-back. “This is our first chance today to sort of get a temperature check on how we are doing on that. So the goal is two-for-one.”
“When it comes to major actions — we're at 16 to 1.”
The Sunbury Pop Festival ran from 1972 to 1975, and was seen by many as Australia's own Woodstock (Sunbury is a small town about 40 kilometres from Melbourne). For years it has been said that Queen played on February 2, but the 1974 festival ran from January 25 to January 28. A journalist down under is certain the date was January 27 (although another source has stated they played on the Saturday night, the 26th). Thanks to Martin at Queenconcerts.com for doing the detective work.
For some reason, Queen (at the time unknown in Australia) were actually the first non-Australian act to play at this festival, something which upset established local bands and promoters. Apparently both Freddie and Brian were ill that day, and combined with some other events, both on and off stage, this day would turn out to be one of the lowest points of their career.
A local DJ (and Scottish-born musician) named Jim Keays acting as MC introduced Queen as such: "Well, we've got another load of limey bastards tonight. They're probably going to be useless, but let's give them something to think about!" They then mooned the crowd, and proceeded to call the band "stuck up pommies" before leaving the stage. In addition to that, Queen were looked down upon as being snobs for bringing their own lighting rig and crew, and thus their lighting rig was sabotaged by the local roadies.
"D'you want any more from these pommie bastards, or do ya want an Aussie rock band?" asked the DJ who returned to the stage about 45 minutes later. Queen left the stage whilst hearing jeers from the audience like "go back to Pommyland, ya pooftahs!" Freddie Mercury bravely responded by prophetically declaring, "When we come back to Australia, Queen will be the biggest band in the world!" They would return to Australia in 1976, and indeed, by then they were well on their way.
Another performance was scheduled for the next day, but the band flew home instead.
Brian May recalled this show years later. "It was all just a series of misunderstandings. Queen were unknowns and we never expected top billing. We were supposed to go on as the sun was setting so we could use our lighting equipment but we had to wait a while (the schedule had failed to account for daylight saving). The Australian stage crew didn't like this and started fighting with our stage crew." They have also stated that they felt the band went down well.
In a 1977 Australian radio interview, Brian goes into more detail, but interestingly enough they aren't quite as hard on the MC: "I got very ill on the flight because we got injections for smallpox, feeling really dead, apart from the journey, which is about 30 hours or something. And it was very hot. We just couldn't handle the heat, having come from English winter. We played the gig. Freddie had a lot of trouble with their ears. A lot of problems. It's very strange. They went swimming, and they completely went deaf. They couldn't understand what was happening. They were getting very worried. We did the first night, and lots of strange feelings on stage, a lot of animosity from not the Australian groups, but from the road crews, and they didn't want to move our gear. They didn't want to give us any help. We finally went on stage and played the set. There was an MC, I can't remember their name, who, before we went on, said 'Don't worry, you've got some Australian groups afterwards, but here they are anyway, Queen.' We couldn't believe it. In the beginning it was, we were all sort of looking and not sure what to make of it, I think, but after a couple numbers we went well, and we thought we got everybody going and everything. And we came off stage, and there's a lot of [audience] reaction, and the same guy went back on the stage and said, 'Well, that's all of them now,' and they're kinda still going, saying, 'we want more' or whatever, and they say, 'Do you want to hear more Queen or do you want to hear Madder Lake?' So that was it, and they basically managed to kill the sort of reaction from us, which was quite amazing, yet they were on there about five minutes during this applause and eventually saying, well, OK, we're gonna have Madder Lake now. So we felt a little unhappy about that! The musicians we met were great. It was just these few people."
This is the recollection of a fan from Australia: "Queen, largely unknown, played their set and were very well-received. They did get calls for an encore. They were to be followed by Madder Lake, an Aussie band that were very well-known and popular at the time. The MC egged the crowd on saying things like, "We don't need these pommies back. We want an Aussie band." Naturally, the largely drunken audience did boo, not about Queen's performance, but at not wanting Queen to come out and wanting their local band instead. The press being what it is figured booing the band sounded better and so was born the story, albeit not an accurate one."
Madder Lake's bassist, Kerry McKenna, recalls the eventful day: "The issue revolved around Queen refusing to go on at their allotted time because the light wasn't right. I remember it was sundown, so whoever went on stage wouldn't get the full benefit of their light show. It came down to a battle between management, which then spilled into a fracas between the roadies of our respective bands, as each crew jostled to set gear up. The MC (or some other promoter) goaded the crowd into an US and them vibe, with the local band in favour over the unknown "pommie bastards." It ended with us going on stage first, and Queen redeeming themselves to the crowd and showing a hint of what they were to become. And that is how I remember it."
Another fan recalls that "Queen played to a response that varied from uninterested to positively hostile (but always alcohol-impaired). The set was short and there was no encore."
The 1976 book "An Official Biography" by Larry Pryce quotes producer Roy Thomas Baker as saying the band won the audience over. Ultimately this seems to be accurate, with the addition of the MC manipulating the audience out of giving Queen an encore.
Here are a few pro pics from Queen's set. The last photo is of the band at Heathrow Airport in London after returning.
The only other non-Australian act to play the Sunbury festival was Deep Purple in 1975, one of the last shows before Richie Blackmore left the band (the first time). A similar war broke out between their crew and the local crew.
In 1964, a Melbourne crowd didn't treat Judy Garland well, either. The legendary contralto had shown up an hour late, and the audience managed to boo them off the stage within 45 minutes. They later described the crowd as "brutish."
Along with Ben Reeve Lewis, who as a former Tenancy Relations Officer really knows, we have long had a bee in our various bonnets about fines for illegal eviction levied by the Magistrates Court on prosecutions brought by local authorities.
And so to Sead Alimajstorovic, of East Holme, Bordesley Green, Birmingham. Mr Alimajstorovic was the landlord of a mother and their 11 year old son. They decided they wanted the property back, but sadly, could not be bothered with serving notices, bringing proceedings and such. Instead, they threatened to change the locks.
The mother went to Birmingham Council for help. Birmingham's TROs duly warned Mr Alimajstorovic not to carry out their threat, and advised them on proper process.
Nothing daunted, Mr Alimajstorovic and another man changed the locks to the house. The mother regained access with a locksmith (perfectly lawfully). Mr A, outraged at such presumption, had the replacement locks drilled out. The mother, understandably scared, left the property to stay with a friend.
On 2 July 2014, the mother met Mr A at a police station, on the understanding that they were to be given keys to the property. They were instead handed a written note saying they could not move back into the house and that their belongings were in the garden and shed.
Birmingham brought a prosecution. Good for them.
Mr Alimajstorovic pleaded guilty to a charge that between 27 February 2014 and 3 July 2014 they unlawfully deprived or attempted to unlawfully deprive the residential occupier of 10 Hill Croft Road of their occupation of the premises – Section 1(2) of the Protection from Eviction Act 1977.
And then? Well Birmingham were awarded costs of £4,044.75. And the fine?
£1,035. Plus a victim surcharge of £104.
£1000 for a flagrant illegal eviction, following a warning by the council TROs?
The limit on a fine in the Magistrates Court used to be £5,000, and is now technically unlimited, although the fines will be made taking into account the landlord's means, though rarely with much investigation of this. But for a supposedly deterrent penalty for a criminal offence, £1,000 is a pointless fine, one which is only a bit higher than the recently hiked court fees for a legitimate possession claim.
Ben Reeve Lewis highlights worse examples, including fines of £100 or so, but the principle stands. The Magistrates Courts should be levying fines serious enough to make the bad landlords reconsider illegal evictions, not merely treat them as a potential business expense.
Mind you, some (now former) magistrates have a very close understanding of illegal eviction. Like this one. And this one.
As for Mr Sead Alimajstorovic, let us hope that a civil claim by the tenant follows the conviction. That, at least, might hurt the wallet. In the meantime, they are on the naughty step.
Click on the links in the list to view my other ballpark reviews.
All pictures included were taken by me.
Miller Park – Milwaukee, WI
For my 9th ballpark I took a trip out to Miller Park, home of the Milwaukee Brewers. Miller park opened in 2001 and seats 41,900.
Miller Park stands a couple miles west of downtown Milwaukee. It is located on the same site where the old Milwaukee County Stadium once stood.
There is a plaque to show where the plate was located in the old park.
The Milwaukee Braves played there from 1953-1965, then the Brewers moved in after one year in Seattle in 1970. The area is surrounded by massive parking lots where fans love to show up early to tailgate. This might be the best tailgating scene in baseball. There aren't any bars or restaurants around the park so fans show up to grill and drink plenty of beer. There are ice vending machines all around the parking lots for those who need extra or forgot to bring ice.
Parking is easy because the park is surrounded by the massive lots that all allow tailgating. Miller Park offers a free shuttle that makes stops at popular bars and hotels outside the city. A list can be found on their website. There is a designated lot of Uber/Lyft drop off & pick up where plenty of cars line up post game to make using these services hassle free.
This park is very accessible. It is right off Interstate 94 and is well labeled. The parking lots can clog up a bit leaving the game since they're so big. The Uber/Lyft pickup lot has a separate way onto the interstate to make for a smooth and timely exit. I didn't drive so I didn't get to see prices for the parking lot.
The first thing that caught my attention when I got to this park was the size of the park itself. Miller Park has a unique fan-style retractable roof that is made up of 7 panels, 5 of which move to cover the park. The highest part of the roof is 330 feet tall. The outside of the park is brick and looks great with the massive green roof on top. Aside from the tailgating, there isn't much to do outside the park.
Miller Park's surface is natural grass. To maintain the grass year-round they have these big lights that they roll out onto the field at night to create artificial sunlight to keep the grass healthy. It seems like a really big hassle, but the field looks great.
You can find a couple statues outside the park of Hank Aaron and Bob Uecker. There's also a statue commemorating the three workers that died during the construction of Miller Park. A crane collapsed and the three men lost their lives.
The first thing I noticed as I walked inside the park is how clean the concourses were. The concourses were wide and didn't have any traffic build up. There is always a clear view of the field from them and you can find a beer stand or vendor every 15 feet. There are tons of kids areas with different stuff to do on all levels of the park.
Brats, cheese and brews. It's called Miller Park. The MillerCoors Brewery is a mile away from the stadium (which offers awesome free tours), so there is plenty of Miller Lite and Miller High Life flowing at this park. There's no better food at this park than their bratwurst. The brats at this park outsell the standard hot dogs and are delicious. They have a “secret stadium sauce” that you can add on your brat, it was amazing. Definitely try it out. You're in Wisconsin, so you got to have some cheese curds. It's 5 bucks for a brat and 6 for a beer. Not bad for a ballpark.
I got to witness a game with the roof open and one with it closed. I am definitely a fan of it with the roof open. It feels more like a ballgame when it's open. There are retracting windows on the wall beyond the outfield that open and allow better airflow into the park. When the roof is closed it feels like you are sitting in an airplane hangar. It takes less than 10 minutes to open or close the roof. The roof creates some crazy shadows that messes with hitters and fielders when it is open during day games.
If you head to the last row in section 422 you can find a statue of legendary Brewer's broadcaster Bob Uecker. The statue is to honor the broadcaster and their hilarious Miller Lite commercial from the 70's and 80's. See below.
The seats around the Uecker statue are obstructed with two pillars that support the roof. They're known as the “best seats in the house” from the commercial and are sold for very cheap. Go take a picture with this Brewers legend.
Tickets for Miller Park are very cheap. I sat 10 rows behind the plate for $30 and first row of the second deck for $20. The club level is in the 3rd deck and I got a first row seat in that section for $18. This place definitely gives you great value for your money.
Friday night.
Saturday night.
Sunday afternoon.
There isn't anything too unique about the walls or the dimensions of this park, but it plays as a hitters park. The ball carries well here for some reason. It is 345 down the lines and 400 to center.
The fans at Miller Park are awesome. The Brewers have the smallest TV market out of any MLB team, but these fans make Milwaukee a great baseball city. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to talk to me and provide suggestions for the park and city. You would expect to see more drunk idiots in a park that has such a massive tailgating scene, but that isn't the case at all. They showed up with 35,000+ on a Saturday night for a team with a horrible record. I respect that.
There is a big yellow slide above the seats in left field. It's connected to a place called ‘Bernie's Dugout.” It's where you can find the Brewers mascot, Bernie Brewer, scheming during the game. Whenever the Brewers hit a home run, Bernie heads down the slide in celebration. A big sign with Uecker's famous home run call, “Get up, Get up, Get outta here, Gone!” lights up above the dugout. I want to go down that slide.
I really enjoyed this park. The biggest con to me was the distance away from the downtown area or any kind of area at all. There is very little airflow in this park even with the roof open, so it can get a little stuffy in the park. The roof is nice to have in April with the crummy weather that hits Milwaukee, but I'm all about baseball being outdoors. The 400 level seats are pretty far away from the field being so high up, but just buy lower seats since they're so cheap.
Overall, 8/10.
(CNN) -- The Czech Republic's practice of surgically castrating convicted sex offenders is "invasive, irreversible and mutilating" and should stop immediately, the Council of Europe's Anti-Torture Committee said in a report made public Thursday.
The central European country castrated at least 94 prisoners in the 10 years up to April 2008, when investigators from the Council of Europe, a human-rights forum, visited the Czech Republic.
The Council of Europe condemned the practice as "degrading."
The procedure is being performed even on first-time, non-violent offenders, such as exhibitionists, its investigation revealed.
Prisoners have to request castration under Czech law, but many fears they will be jailed for life if they do not, the investigation found.
"In practically all the cases, these patients indicated that their application was at least partially instigated by fear of long-term detention," the report said.
"Some patients claimed that the treating sexologist had explicitly told them that surgical castration was the only available option to them and that refusal would mean lifelong detention."
And it warned that some "significantly" mentally retarded people had been castrated.
"In at least five cases, legally incapacitated offenders were surgically castrated," the report said. "In all of these instances, the court-appointed guardian had signed the consent form; in two cases, the guardians were mayors."
The investigators found only two convicts who had spontaneously volunteered for castration, while others they interviewed said mental health staff specializing in sexuality had recommended it.
"The other patients interviewed indicated that the treating sexologist had suggested surgical castration, in several cases within a week of the patient's admission to hospital," the report said.
"Some of the sexologists interviewed by the delegation themselves affirmed that for certain patients there was no alternative treatment to surgical castration."
The Czech Republic defends the practice as voluntary, saying castration aims permanently to reduce testosterone levels in order to diminish the offender's sexual urges.
The process, officially called "therapeutic testicular pulpectomies ... are performed upon a written request of an adult man," the Czech government responded. It said the operation had to be approved by a committee of experts.
"Prior to the performance of such intervention, the patient must express their consent with its performance. Castration is considered with respect to men who cannot manage their sexual instincts and are sexually aggressive," the Czech government said, saying the Council of Europe had not proven its case sufficiently for the country to abandon castration.
It argues the procedure is effective in reducing repeat offenses.
But the Council of Europe questioned the statistics on repeat offenses and said even if they were correct, castration was not an appropriate way to reduce recidivism.
"The committee's delegation came across three cases in which sex offenders had committed serious sex-related crimes, including serial rape and attempted murder, after they had been surgically castrated," the human-rights group said.
"Surgical castration is no longer a generally accepted medical intervention in the treatment of sex-offenders," the report said.
It said candidates for castration often received information about the procedure which was too technical to understand -- or no information at all.
"Several patients who had undergone surgical castration told the delegation that they would never have applied for surgical castration had they been properly informed," the report warned.
It condemned the practice as "an irreversible intervention that always leads to infertility and, in the long run, a significantly increased risk of osteoporosis," also warning of possible depression and changes in appearance.
It said it was impossible to determine how many people had been castrated in keeping with a 1966 law.
The Council of Europe delegation visited the Czech Republic from March 25 to April 2, 2008. It issued its report and the Czech response on July 23, 2008. It made them public on Thursday at the request of the Czech government, it said.
All About the Czech Republic • Council of Europe
GREATER Western Sydney chairperson Tony Shepherd strongly denies their club has a "master-servant" relationship with the AFL.
Former umpires boss Wayne Campbell took over as the Giants' football manager in March last year, and Shepherd refuted claims the AFL planted Campbell into the position.
"We enjoy a great relationship with the AFL. We presented to the AFL Commission in Sydney last month and it went over really well. 'Gill' (AFL CEO Gillon McLachlan) was there, we were praised for what we've achieved," Shepherd told 3AW on Wednesday.
"They commented on the high quality of our presentation and I'd say the relationship is as good and as strong as it's ever been.
"Portraying it as a master-servant relationship is totally incorrect.
"I find it bemusing and also a little bit insulting."
Shepherd said the club looked at a number of people for the football manager role.
"I chaired the football committee. We had a process. We called for applications. We sifted through those and interviewed a number of people, including Wayne. We decided Wayne was the best candidate," they said.
"(GWS CEO) Dave (Matthews) rang Gill and asked if they could release them (Campbell). I think Gill's advice was the timing's not convenient but because of that great spirit of cooperation that the AFL has for us, they said 'We can release him, because we wouldn't stand in the way of their career advancement'."
The 22-year-old “Twilight” sensation Robert Pattinson is scheduled to begin shooting new Summit Entertainment project “Remember Me” this summer in New York while the actor is between Twilight sequels “New Moon,” which wraps at the end of May, and “Eclipse,” which starts in August.
Emmy-winning director Allen Coulter (“The Sopranos,” “Damages“) will direct, and Jenny Lumet, who penned the script for last year's “Rachel Getting Married,” is working on a draft of the screenplay.
Pattinson will play the lead role in “Remember Me,” a story of a young couple whose burgeoning relationship is complicated by a succession of family tragedies that test their bond.
Summit co-chairperson and CEO Patrick Wachsberger wouldn't go into too much detail on the plot but described the film as this generation's “Love Story,” the classic 1970 romance starring Ali MacGraw and Ryan O'Neal. The film's producers have not yet decided on the actor who will play Pattinson's love interest.
Landing the “Remember Me” lead marks the first major role for Pattinson since they rocketed to public adulation for their portrayal of vampire Edward Cullen in the “Twilight” franchise. They had been signed to appear alongside Rosario Dawson in “Parts per Billion,” but was forced to drop out due to their “New Moon” commitment. Pattinson will next be seen in the Salvador Dalí biopic “Little Ashes” they shot before “Twilight.”
Canada facilitated NSA spying on 2010 G8 and G20 summits
By Ed Patrick and Keith Jones
3 December 2013
Top secret US National Security Agency (NSA) briefing notes leaked by the former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden reveal that Canada's Conservative government permitted the NSA to spy on the June 2010 G8 and G20 summits held in Huntsville, Ontario and Toronto. Moreover, the NSA was given vital technical support by Canada's own eavesdropping intelligence agency, the Communications Security Establishment Canada or CSEC.
According to a report published last week by Canada's public broadcaster, the CBC, the NSA mounted a six-day spy operation targeting the two summits from the US embassy in Ottawa.
The briefing notes say that the NSA operation was to be “closely co-ordinated with the Canadian partner” and “make it clear,” adds the CBC account, “that [CSEC's] cooperation would be absolutely vital to ensuring access to the telecommunications systems that would have been used by espionage targets during the summits.”
The notes don't explicitly name these “espionage targets,” but their contents and previous revelations about NSA spying on government officials and politicians around the world, from German Chancellor Angela Merkel to Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, leave no doubt the targets were the heads-of-government attending the two summits and their ministers and aides.
CSEC has for decades played a major role in the NSA's worldwide operations. This goes far beyond the sharing of intelligence. CSEC uses NSA surveillance programs and, according to a Globe and Mail report published last Saturday, has access to much of the raw data that the NSA is collecting through its illegal, blanket surveillance of the world's telecommunications. CSEC and the NSA also routinely exchange personnel, and CSEC often joins the NSA in some of its most politically-sensitive global spying operations.
Previous reports based on documents leaked by Snowden revealed that CSEC assisted the NSA and Britain's Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) in spying on a G20 meeting in London in 2009.
The revelation of the 2010 NSA-CSEC spying operation targeting world leaders, many of them from countries that are ostensibly close friends of the US and Canada, has once again given the lie to the claims of government officials and the media that these agencies exist to protect the American and Canadian peoples from the likes of al-Qaeda.
Rather the NSA and CSEC serve the predatory interests respectively of the US and Canadian ruling elites—supporting foreign military interventions, spying on rival governments, conducting commercial espionage, tracking movements deemed hostile to the interests of North American big business and, last but not least, helping combat the development of political opposition at home.
The NSA briefing notes on the surveillance of the 2010 G8 and G20 meetings dismiss any significant security threat to the summit, stating “there is no specific, credible information” that Islamic extremists are “targeting the event.” They then detail the major issues that were to be discussed at the summits, all of them economic concerns.
The notes state that the goal of the spying operation is to support “US policy goals” by “providing support to policymakers.” In other words, NSA was tasked with furnishing intelligence to US President Barack Obama and their aides on the positions, reactions, and bargaining strategies of the other summit delegations.
The briefing notes make no mention of the NSA sharing this intelligence with CSEC and the Canadian government, but such sharing—as noted above—is routine. In October, Glenn Greenwald, a journalist who has worked closely with Snowden and co-authored last week's CBC report, revealed that CSEC spied on Brazil's Ministry of Mines. In recent weeks, Greenwald has repeatedly observed that the files leaked by Snowden contain much material concerning CSEC and that they believe ordinary Canadians will be shocked by the scope and scale of the spying operations in which CSEC is involved.
In June the Globe and Mail reported that since 2005 CSEC has been systematically spying on the metadata of Canadians' electronic communications—including telephone calls, text and e-mail messages, and internet use. But the corporate media and the opposition parties, including the trade union-based New Democratic Party (NDP), have refused to warn the public about the grave threat this constitutes to their democratic rights, let alone expose this spying as illegal and unconstitutional.
The US government responded to the exposure of its spying operations at the 2010 summits with its standard refusal to comment on intelligence operations. But in an implicit admission of the veracity of the report, it asserted “as a matter of policy we have made clear that the United States gather foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations.”
Taking the same tack as it did follow the revelation that CSEC had spied on the Brazilian government, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office responded to the report of the 2010 spying operation by saying, “We do not comment on operational matters related to national security.”
Under the 2001 Anti-Terrorism Act, CSEC is supposed to be legally barred from spying on anyone in Canada. But there are significant exceptions. CSEC is specifically tasked with assisting the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, Royal Canadian Mounted Police and other police agencies in conducting court-sanctioned surveillance in national security investigations. They also can spy on Canadians' communications as part of combating a “foreign threat.”
When asked in parliament last Thursday by NDP leader Thomas Mulcair if CSEC had obtained authorization of a judge “before authorizing and helping the Americans to spy on us in Canada during the G20 summit,” Defence Minister Rob Nicolson sidestepped the question. Resorting to the government's standard refrain, Nicholson declared, “This organization is prohibited from targeting Canadians. And CSEC cannot ask its international partners to act in a way that circumvents Canadians laws.”
This is a flagrant lie. CSEC has been collecting and sifting through the metadata of Canadian electronic communications for years. And the government has sanctioned this wholesale violation of privacy rights under secret ministerial directives that arbitrarily define metadata as not constituting “constitutionally-protected communications.”
The NDP leader, however, did not raise this issue, nor mount any serious challenge to the government's lying and dissembling about CSEC. During the past six months of ongoing revelations of the massive illegal operations being carried out by CSEC's intimate partner, the NSA, the NDP has aided and abetted the Conservative government's efforts to keep the activities of CSEC shrouded in secrecy. Focusing its energies on the two-bit Senate expenses scandal, it has asked no more than a handful of questions in parliament about CSEC. Moreover, like the Liberals—who vastly expanded CSEC's powers and budget when they last held office, including authorizing CSEC to trawl through the metadata of Canadians' communications—the NDP has made clear that it views CSEC as a vital pillar of the Canadian state. It only wants its activities to be subject to some “oversight” by parliament (that is, by a small committee of state-vetted parliamentarians).
The Harper Conservative government made the Toronto G20 summit the occasion for a vast state provocation, with police taking over much of the downtown of Canada's largest city, and using violence and mass arrests to suppress protests. Last week we learned that in addition CSEC and NSA were jointly conducting a highly sensitive spying operation, thereby furthering a reactionary partnership that has placed the world's communications under systematic surveillance of the type that the police states of the 20th century could only dream of.
The former Real Madrid attacker put the visitors ahead and the Colombian ensured Andre Ayew's late strike for Elie Baup's men was a consolation only
Napoli kept their hopes of qualification for the Champions League knock-out stages intact with a 2-1 win at Marseille on Tuesday.
The Italian side headed into the game looking to bounce back from their 2-0 defeat to Arsenal in the previous round of Group F.
Marseille were without a point following losses against the Gunners and Borussia Dortmund, and their hopes of progression were dealt a further blow as Napoli cruised to a comfortable victory.
Former Real Madrid winger Jose Callejon and Colombian attacker Duvan Zapata put Napoli command, before Andre Ayew pulled one back for Marseille to set up a tense finish.
Napoli sit joint top of the pool on six points with Arsenal and Dortmund following the German side's 2-1 win at the Emirates Stadium, but Marseille are well adrift at the bottom.
Dimitri Payet returned for Marseille after serving a domestic suspension at the weekend, while defender Souleymane Diawara and midfielder Benoit Cheyrou also came in to the side.
The inclusion of striker Gonzalo Higuain was one of four changes made by Napoli coach Rafa Benitez, who also restored winger Dries Mertens to the starting XI in place of Lorenzo Insigne following Friday's Serie A defeat to Roma.
Marseille keeper Steve Mandanda was tested early when they were forced into a fine diving save to prevent winger Mertens from finding the net with a free-kick after just two minutes.
However, Napoli controlled much of the early stages and, although midfielder Cheyrou went close for Marseille, they should have taken the lead in the 13th minute when defender Pablo Armero fired wide from close range.
The hosts frustrated Benitez's side for long periods, but they were almost caught out on the counter-attack when Higuain inexplicably fired wide with only Mandanda to beat.
But, three minutes before the break, Napoli did deservedly go ahead as Callejon displayed great control to bring down Higuain's wonderful ball over the top before cutting inside Rod Fanni and firing a half-volley beyond Mandanda.
Marseille made a quick start to the second half, and nearly drew level seven minutes after the break, only for Payet to head over the bar.
Elie Baup's side dictated the play for large periods as they looked to try and craft an equaliser, but their lack of quality in front of goal was summed up when Ayew failed to connect with a right-wing cross from Payet.
And their hopes were all but ended after 66 minutes when substitute Zapata curled a glorious right-footed effort into the top corner after latching on to a deft flick-on from Mertens.
Marseille laboured to try and find a way back into the game in the closing stages and, although Ayew found the net with a superb low volley four minutes from time, the 1992-93 European champions could not complete a late comeback and now face an uphill struggle to avoid finishing bottom of the group.
MTCHMV
Exporting After Effects Camera Tracking to ThreeJS
Jam3 Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 3, 2016
This week we unveil our first prototype from the R&D team at Jam3. We will be working in rapid sprints to produce new prototypes, libraries, tools, and experiments every few weeks. The first week is research, the second is prototype development, and the third is writing blog posts and other tasks. These prototypes will lay the groundwork for larger client projects and help to explore new avenues of development.
For our first R&D experiment, we built MTCHMV (pronounced Match Move). To see it, check out the link below in desktop Chrome or FireFox.
http://labs.jam3.net/mtchmv/
MTCHMV explores how After Effects 3D camera tracking can be exported and used on the web. The findings from this prototype will open new ways of manipulating and interacting with video content in real-time.
After Effects is used to analyze a video segment and determine camera movements in 3D space. The camera parameters and its keyframes are exported to JSON, which allows us to composite real-time and interactive elements on top of the video using WebGL and ThreeJS. The 3D content reacts to the user's interactions, elements in the video, and the audio track.
Our MTCHMV prototype demonstrates four different applications of this technique. Use the arrows in the demo to cycle through effects.
Object Tracking
The first example shows some abstract, colourful 3D shapes bouncing in real-time to the music with WebAudio. The shapes are rendered with a transparent WebGL canvas, and composited on top of the video. A trail of particles streams out from the back of the biker, and everything is tracked to the movement of the video. For the bike trail, we keyframed a solid 3D layer in After Effects that roughly matches the position of the biker in 3D world space.
Physics and Ground Shadows
The next example shows how we can match move the ground and walls in our video to integrate real-time physics for the 3D composited elements. For the prototype, we used flat planes to define the areas the balls should bounce (the road and building walls). A more complex project might build 3D models to match the topology of the ground and other colliders, such as the lamp posts. This would help collisions, depth and shadows behave more realistically. Using the biker position from the last example, we were also able to repel the balls as the biker moves near them.
This also demonstrates real-time shadow casting, which helps integrate the 3D balls into the video footage. For this, a transparent ThreeJS plane has a custom shader which only renders the result of the shadow casting pass.
Real-Time 3D Text
This example shows real-time 3D text being composited on top of the video footage. The text is anchored to artist-defined positions in 3D space, and animated in with After Effects keyframes. While the content is playing, you can change the text fields to update the text.
To achieve this, we are using Jam3/three-bmfont-text to render scalable text with signed distance fields.
This could be used, for example, to connect with Facebook for user-customized text, or with a weather API for real-time updates.
Painting in 3D
The last demo allows the user to paint colourful 3D strokes as the camera moves through the scene. The brush strokes react to the music and cycle through colour palettes as the video loops.
To render the strokes, screen-space projected quad strips are used with a custom shader for line dashes and textured edges. See this blog post for more details:
https://mattdesl.svbtle.com/drawing-lines-is-hard
Implementation
Keyframing the 3D bike position in After Effects.
To build this project, we used ae-to-json and its CLI. This is an in-development project that tries to export generic JSON data from the currently open After Effects session. For details, see here:
https://github.com/Jam3/ae-to-json-cli
The JSON is optimized and stripped down to only the data we need (keyframes, solids, and camera parameters) and this is fed into our ThreeJS compositor. For convenience, we are using a module to handle the interpolation of the After Effects timeline data:
https://www.npmjs.com/package/keyframes
Challenges
During development, we ran into some issues. The first issue was matching the ThreeJS camera movement to the After Effects compositions. Our early tests rendered the camera paths, but with some occasional glitches due to Euler angles “wrapping around” in degrees. To resolve this, we converted all orientation keyframes to quaternions and used spherical interpolation for the camera rotation. Our final result still has some slight jitter, where ThreeJS does not match each After Effects frame exactly, so this is one area which requires more work.
We found that not all video footage would track automatically in After Effects. For a larger production using this approach, it would be worth collaborating with a professional match move artist. Further — for the best quality track it's important to lock everything to the same frame rate. Your source video, 3D Camera Track filter, web-encoded video, and the frequency at which you update ThreeJS camera position and orientation should all be locked to the same rate (in our case 23.976 FPS).
Another issue is with depth testing. If we render a 3D element ahead of the biker, it would not get depth tested correctly, and the immersion in 3D would be lost. This is visible when objects appear atop the lamp post on the left, or when the biker moves through the 3D balls. A match move artist might be able to resolve this, by rotoscoping or modeling the biker, and we could render a transparent mesh with depth testing enabled. The problem is shown in the image below.
Depth issues with composited elements.
Next Steps
This prototype was very quick — built in a week by two developers. There is a lot more work that could have gone into the design and overall experience, as well as more interesting ways of compositing elements.
Something that did not make it into the final demo is matching the lighting with a composited mesh. This would be great to explore in a future project, perhaps even using spherical photos shot on-location to match the lighting exactly as it appears in the video. See below for a rough test using physically based materials on a ThreeJS torus knot:
Compositing with physically based materials.
Another feature we hope to explore is 3D depth buffer elements. For example, rotoscoping or modeling the biker. These meshes — invisible to the user — would render to the z-buffer so that 3D elements cull correctly as they pass behind real elements in the video scene.
Lastly, there is more work that could go into the interpolation and camera movement. Our 3D data doesn't yet match the After Effects data exactly, and we did not attempt to handle easings equations in the keyframe data.
Closing Thoughts
Exporting the camera data from After Effects paves the way for a lot of interesting new use cases on the web. For example, an Olympics website which allows the user to play 3D tennis composited over a real video of a court, or allowing the user to discover athlete data with real-time hot spots tracked to the video content. Or drone footage of a city that adds real-time points of interest, such as current events and live music. The great news is that the opportunity for overlaying dynamic interactions in conjunction with camera tracking has become a viable creative output.
Check out github.com/Jam3 for lots more open source projects and articles, or follow @Jam3 to hear about future updates from the team.
DAX Coxon's lines could have been scripted by some of Hollywood's best screenwriters but the Gold Coast actor's performance in the Southport Magistrates Court yesterday was less than Oscar-winning.
Coxon, whose online profile says they starred alongside Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean 5: Dead Men Tell No Tales, filmed on the Gold Coast last year, put on a swashbuckling performance but failed to win over their biggest critic, Magistrate Michael Hogan.
media_camera Dax Coxon outside court. Photo: supplied
In keeping with their Pirates character, Coxon, charged with speeding and unlicensed driving after being pulled over in September last year while driving 77km/h in a 60km/h zone on Markeri St at Mermaid Waters, told the court they had not been driving a car but operating a “conveyance” on the “king's highway”.
“The word ‘driver' is a legal term,” they said. “I was operating my own conveyance while travelling the king's highway in the common law jurisdiction. As I've stated many times, I'm not a driver ... I don't speak legalese and I don't fall under the jurisdiction of these laws.”
The court was told Coxon's licence had been suspended between January and June 2015 and they had failed to apply for a new one following the suspension.
Coxon's online Star Now profile lists a role in the Pirates film as well as saying they have modelled for Gold Coast jewellery line Hunter Gatherer.
The Currumbin Waters man also told the court they thought the speed limit on Markeri St was 80km/h and they believed they were not required to carry a licence when driving a car. They also tried to argue a section of the Australian Constitution meant statutory laws did not apply to him.
“As I believe I am a living flesh and blood being and using my birthrights, I can only follow and obey the common law ... these are road rules not laws,” they said. “Government and council is just a nameless faceless civil service that have no regard for the common law or natural justice.”
Mr Hogan found Coxon guilty, sentencing them to 40 hours community service for driving unlicensed rather than a fine, noting the actor's four-page criminal history showed fines for previous similar offences had not deterred them in the past.
Outside court Coxon hinted their latest brush with authority may have little effect on their future driving habits. Asked if they would drive unlicensed again, they replied: “Yeah, I might.”
During sentencing, Mr Hogan said Coxon believed they were above the law.
“It seems you are either suffering some infirmity of mind, or you feel as though you're so special you don't have to comply with the laws when everyone else has to,” they said.
Coxon's licence was suspended for a further three months and they were fined $235 for speeding.
Patent Trolls and None Practicing Entities in Canada & USA - An Update
Perhaps more than anyone else in recent history, Jerome Lemelson transformed modern patent law. Mr. Lemelson has been called the original “patent troll” by some (Daniel Fisher, Forbes Magazine, 12/14/2012) by virtue of the fact that they made more than $500 million by enforcing hundreds of their patents against large corporations. In nearly all cases, they did not develop, produce or market the inventions which were the subject of their patents. For a time, Mr. Lemelson acquired the status of a folk hero akin to a latter day Thomas Edison. Mr. Lemelson passed away nearly 20 years ago, and in the intervening time, my opinion of Mr. Lemelson has changed. Thomas Edison was a prolific inventor, but unlike Mr. Lemelson, Mr. Edison developed, perfected and ultimately sold their ideas to the world. In the world of technology and business, commercializing an idea requires considerably more effort and risk then coming up with the idea in the first place. With all due deference to Mr. Lemelson, their success was based on enforcing their patents against others who incurred the effort and risk to market what they thought were original ideas. In fact, I think it can be argued that Mr. Lemelson's most significant idea was not their patented inventions, but rather the business model of patenting an invention, sitting on it, and then suing a large company for infringing the patent they never knew existed. Lemelson practically invented patent trolling.
Non-practicing entities (or patent trolls as they are pejoratively called) have taken up where Mr. Lemelson left off with one significant difference. Where Mr. Lemelson enforced their own patents against companies, NPEs instead search for and buy up already granted patents which were previously unexploited. These corporate entities have brought a raft of patent infringement suits. For example, approximately 1/3 of all the patent infringement lawsuits in the Federal Court of Canada in 2012/2013 were commenced by one firm, Dovden Investments, a non-practicing entity. Better known examples include NTP, a patent holding firm which sued telecommunication companies such as AT&T, T-Mobile, Apple Inc., Motorola and RIM (the makers of blackberry phones) over a portfolio of 50 or so patents. NTP managed to extract a settlement of over $600 million against RIM alone. Patent trolling has been such a successful enterprise for some that to say that “patent trolling” has changed the patent landscape would be an understatement.
Patent law, particularly in the United States, has changed in response to Mr. Lemelson's business practices. For example, several years ago the US Patent office did away with the procedures which allowed for “submarine patents” where a patent application is deliberately kept in a secret pending state before issuing. More recently, the US patent office has streamlined the process of patent re-examination, wherein a granted patent can be re-opened for examination by an effected party, effectively allowing potential defendants to challenge “problematic” patents years after they have issued. Furthermore, over the past few years the scope of inventions eligible for patent protection has been significantly narrowed, in part in response to the “threat” posed by patent trolling. Recent decisions such as Legal enforcement procedures, particularly in the United States, have also been amended to make it harder to commence patent infringement suits and to make it easier for successful defendants to recoup their legal expenses. The cumulative effect of these changes has been to reduce the practice of patent trolling, but it has been postulated that the cost has been a devaluing of the patent system over all. As these measures effectively devalue the worth of the patent portfolio held by patent trolls, it has, in my opinion, had the spin off effect of devaluing the patent portfolios of truly innovative companies that don't engage in patent trolling but instead wish to ensure that their hard spend R&D investments are protected.
Balancing the needs of innovators to protect their investments with the needs of manufacturers to be free from “patent trolling” is a difficult task. From my point of view, a better balance would be to curtail “patent trolling” by implementing smarter patent enforcement measures, such as curtailing the practice of granting injunctions to non-practicing entities or allowing defendants to re-open patent settlements in the event of discovering relevant prior art after settlement. I would rather see more patents enforced wisely than fewer patents enforced haphazardly.
Elias Borges
Image by EFF-Graphics (Own work) [CC BY 3.0 us (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/deed.en)], via Wikimedia Commons
Navigate This Site:
Home | Site Map | About Us | Contact us | Our People| Elias Borges| Careers | Terms of Use | Copyright Notice | Privacy Policy | Map to Our Office
Information: Quick Information on Patents and Trademarks | FAQ about Patents | FAQ about Trademarks | Patent Information | Trademark Information | Patent and Trademark Videos | Copyright Information | Patent Scams | Patent Tips | Patent Articles | Trademark Scams | Trademark Tips | Trademark Articles | CEO Tips | Litigation | Article Downloads | How to Market and Sell Your Invention | Newsletters | Designs | Patent and Trademark Links | Trademark-Patent-Newsletter | How To Select a Trademark | Subscribe to Our Newsletter & Website
Info-graphics: What is a Provisional Patent Application Infographic | Provisional v. Non-Provisional Patent A pplication Infographic | Infographic on How to File a Provisional Patent Application | What to Do After You Invent Something - Now What?
Services: Patent and Trademark Services | Patent Searches | Patent Applications | Design Patents and Industrial Designs | Trademark Searches | Trademark Applications | Consultations | Litigation | Licensing
Donald Trump, the man who thought being president “would be easier,” is now wondering why the Civil War couldn't have been “worked out.”
During a new interview with the Washington Examiner‘s Salena Zito, President Trump questioned the necessity of America's Civil War and suggested that former President Andrew Jackson, had they been alive at the time, could have prevented it.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“I mean had Andrew Jackson been a little bit later you wouldn't have had the Civil War. They were a very tough person, but they had a big heart,” said Trump, who compared themselves to the nation's seventh president in the interview. “He was really angry that they saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War, they said, ‘There's no reason for this.' “
RELATED VIDEO: Watch: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
Trump continued, “People don't realize, you know, the Civil War, if you think about it: why? People don't ask that question, but why was there the Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton, a vocal Trump critic, answered their question in a tweet on Monday:
1 word answer: Slavery. Longer: When Andrew Jackson died in 1845 (16 yrs before the Civil War began), they owned 150 men, women and children. https://t.co/Icg6puG2JZ — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 1, 2017
Jackson, who died in 1845, 16 years before the Civil War began, did in fact own approximately 150 slaves, according to the website for The Hermitage, their former plantation and occasional home in Tennessee.
In the Washington Examiner interview, which will air on SiriusXM P.O.T.U.S.'s “Main Street Meets the Beltway” show later on Monday, Trump also discussed their visit to The Hermitage in March, where they laid a wreath at Jackson's tomb and hailed them as the “people's president.”
They also referred to the former president as a “swashbuckler.” “But when their wife died you know they visited their grave every day?” they said.
“It was amazing,” Trump added of their visit to Jackson's home. “The people of Tennessee are amazing people. They love Andrew Jackson. They love Andrew Jackson in Tennessee.”
In view of the declarations made by the president of UEFA, Michel Platini, concerning the winner of the Ballon d'Or, Real Madrid C. F. would like to outline:
Firstly, its surprise at the repeated declarations regarding their personal preferences over the choice of the winner of the Ballon d'Or, particularly given that they are the head of European football's principal body, where our understanding is that the strictest impartiality should prevail.
Secondly, the Ballon d'Or is an individual rather than collective prize which is awarded annually to the best player in the world, and we believe that, in order to maintain its prestige, those who participate in the vote should take into account exclusively the individual professional achievements of the players.
Finally, we believe that Cristiano Ronaldo has without doubt had their best ever professional year individually, and has claimed the Champions League, the Golden Shoe and the record for the highest goalscorer in an edition of the Champions League, as well as the Copa del Rey and the top-scorer award in La Liga. In the current season, they have won the European Super Cup, scoring both goals in the match, and is achieving spectacular figures such as their 20 goals in the first 12 matchdays of La Liga, which confirm their great moment of form and ensure that, more than ever, they are deserving of the Ballon d'Or.
Perianne Boring is the president of the Digital Chamber of Commerce. The chamber will be hosting an Anti-Money Laundering Boot Camp at the North American Bitcoin Conference 2015 in Miami on January 16 and 17. Boring took time from their schedule to speak with Cointelegraph about the boot camp and the importance of compliance with AML regulations for companies in the Bitcoin industry.
“[We want] to bring ... costs down and significantly accelerate a company's understanding of AML compliance.”
Cointelegraph: Please tell us where the idea came from to offer an anti-money laundering boot camp. What was your inspiration?
Perianne Boring: We hear stories from companies about their efforts to put AML compliance programs in place. Some download programs from the internet and think that they have put in place what they need [in order] to comply with the laws and protect their enterprise. At the same time, we hear from regulators and prosecutors that these efforts are not sufficient.
However one approaches the subject, AML compliance is one of the most challenging kinds of compliance, and events like those in France last week underscore that it will continue to be a high priority.
We see repeated evidence that even the largest of financial institutions have problems “getting it right.” The nascent digital currency and digital asset industry consists of many young and rapidly evolving companies. While the requirements and expectations of our regulatory and law enforcement communities are developing to meet emerging technology, some companies struggle to meet new requirements without draining the capital. Developing and implementing AML compliance programs in this environment can be challenging even under the best of circumstances, and the consequences of not getting it right can be devastating to the company, but also damaging to the reputation of the industry.
In talking with our members, partners and industry players, we found a big demand for high-quality compliance resources at reasonably priced levels. If a company in this space decides to bring in an appropriately experienced consultant who fully understands digital currencies, which laws actually apply to those businesses and how to build an adequate and effective AML compliance, the costs can be substantial. In order to bring those costs down and significantly accelerate a company's understanding of AML compliance, we are hosting a two-day compliance boot camp. At boot camp, companies can immerse themselves in a laboratory-like setting and work with some of the most experienced AML professionals in the country to tackle some of the most difficult issues these companies will experience. We are charging US$1,345 for chamber members and US$1,495 for nonmembers for the full 16 hours of training.
“Even if you are not registered as an MSB with FinCEN, you should still have an AML compliance program.”
CT: Currently, there are two types of businesses that deal with virtual currencies. The first are those that offer a great deal of privacy to their customers. The second are those who try to offer a wider range of services, such as the ability to move funds in and out of bank accounts. How do AML regulations affect each of these businesses?
PB: What many have failed to understand (and this can be a very costly oversight) is that regardless of whether or company is a money service business (MSB) or not, the federal criminal statutes apply to you, which say that you cannot launder money or assist in the financing of terrorist activity, or aid and abet, or even willfully blind yourself to such activity. Even if you are not registered as an MSB with FinCEN, you should still have an AML compliance program to protect your organization and reduce your liability if money laundering occurs. Likewise, you also should have an OFAC compliance program to protect your company from engaging in transactions with terrorists and other prohibited individuals. According to our survey, 25% of respondents were not even aware of the implications of these provisions.
CT: Coinbase has received a lot of criticism lately about its changes in policies in an effort to stay compliant with both FinCEN and FINRA. Can you explain why the company must make these changes in order to stay compliant?
PB: I can't comment specifically on Coinbase's changes, but the harsh reality is that consumers have very little expectation of financial privacy, not only in the US, but in most developed countries. Since 9/11, governments have greatly increased the burden on financial institutions to scrutinize their customers and their transactions for unusual activity. Whether you agree with them or not, these are the laws of the land and if your entity is linked to impermissible activity, the government could seize your assets, throw you in jail, and even go after your family and business partners, if you are not compliant.
“As a practical matter, ... a different standard seems to be in play for Bitcoin merchants.”
CT: Under current regulations, are Bitcoin merchants and exchanges required to conduct more rigorous checks than fiat currency businesses?
PB: No law requires merchants conduct a check of customers using Bitcoin. Likewise, no law subjects merchants accepting Bitcoin to any level of scrutiny greater than those that accept other forms of payment. As a practical matter, however, a different standard seems to be in play for Bitcoin merchants. Regulators and banks look at these merchants with a more jaundiced eye because they don't trust Bitcoin, even though there is no evidence that Bitcoin is used in more illegal transactions than fiat currency.
For exchanges that are regulated as a result of FinCEN guidelines, they are treated as money transmitters rather than currency exchanges. As a result, they are subject to the more rigorous elements of the Bank Secrecy Act requirements that apply to currency exchangers. However, Bitcoin exchangers may decide to take greater precautions in their transactions because of the speed and distance of the transactions that they are facilitating.
CT: When Bitcoin-based businesses become compliant with regulations, what advantages do that give both the compliant business and the consumers who deal with them?
PB: For businesses, a license gives them a competitive advantage over other businesses because consumers prefer them over nonregulated businesses. Having a strong compliance program is critically important to establishing and maintaining banking relationships, and finally, avoiding fines assessed by FinCEN, and staying out of jail. Consumers also feel more comfortable with trusting businesses that have consequences if they attempt to cheat or defraud them.
CT: There are still many businesses out there that have chosen to avoid these regulations for the sake of giving privacy to their customers. What will the future hold for these businesses?
PB: I can't speak to the businesses that are choosing to avoid regulations, as they presumably have counsel that has correctly advised them on the law. If you are referring to AML compliance, they should keep in mind the wisdom of putting an AML compliance program into place. Otherwise, they risk sanctions, including jail time, if they are flagrantly violating the law, and their company is linked to impermissible activity.
“[The boot camp] goes beyond lectures, to hands-on workshops and troubleshooting real-life compliance situations.”
CT: Your registration has three categories. Will attendees be allowed to bring more than one person to their team?
PB: We encourage multiple members of a team to attend. It will only strengthen the compliance culture of the organization. We will give a 20% discount to each additional employee from the same team, and will make special arrangements if four or more from an organization attend.
CT: Will recording devices be allowed during classes?
PB: No. We are bringing a unique learning experience to the boot camp participants. This goes beyond lectures, to hands-on workshops and troubleshooting real-life compliance situations. Participants will receive workbooks and other materials to aid them in creating and maintaining AML compliance programs within their companies.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
SENATOR Antonio “Sonny” Trillanes IV on Tuesday said a former counsel for confessed hired killer Edgar Matobato when they were still under the government's witness protection program had asked the latter not to implicate President Rodrigo Duterte and their son Vice Mayor Paolo in vigilante killings in their hometown of Davao City.
In an INQ&A interview, Trillanes said Duterte long knew about Matobato's testimonies as their camp reached out to the alleged Davao Death Squad member through the lawyer, which the senator did not identify.
ADVERTISEMENT
“At some point may lawyer na nag-reach out sa kanya, nag-offer to deal na wag nang i-mention si President Duterte at Paolo Duterte. Ayaw ni Matobato, determined siya to expose them (Duterte) all the way,” Trillanes said.
“Itong abogada na 'to [ay lawyer] niya na 'to nung nasa WPP siya. Some people in the Duterte administration were able to get in touch with them and wanted to strike a deal with him… At that point alam na ni President Duterte ‘tong impormasyon na ‘to,” they added.
Trillanes said Matobato cut ties with the lawyer after rejecting the alleged offer to strike a deal with the Duterte camp.
Matobato, who claimed they were a member of the infamous DDS, surfaced before the Senate hearing on extrajudicial killings and linked Duterte and their son to thousands of summary killings in Davao.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
BATON ROUGE, LA. – Crossover pop icon Taylor Swift has donated $1 million to help Louisiana flooding victims, who have been suffering from Hurricane Katrina-like flooding in the state's capital of Baton Rouge and neighboring parishes.
“We began The 1989 World Tour in Louisiana, and the wonderful fans there made us feel completely at home,” Swift told CNN in a statement. “The fact that so many people in Louisiana have been forced out of their own homes this week is heartbreaking. I encourage those who can to help out and send your love and prayers their way during this devastating time.”
More than 20,000 Louisiana residents have been rescued and thus displaced from the unprecedented flooding, leaving at least 11 people killed in the process.
While weather has calmed down in the flooded regions of the state, waters are still pouring in and even rising in some areas.
As Breitbart Texas reported, Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards and their family had to be evacuated from the governor's mansion due to flooding in the basement and power-outages.
Gov. Edwards declared a state of emergency within the first couple of days of flooding and asked that residents remain cautious about their surroundings.
“I'm still asking people to be patient,” Edwards told the Associated Press. “Don't get out and sightsee. Even when the weather is better, it's not safe.”
Some 40,000 homes have been flooded across the state due to the historic natural disaster, reminding many residents of the country's most destructive disaster in history, Hurricane Katrina, which claimed the lives of over 1,500 people.
A total of 20 Louisiana parishes have now been declared as emergency disaster areas, with federal aid already being directed to flood victims to help with recovery and emergency housing.
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
This article is over 3 years old
Paul Grigson returns to Indonesia just over a month after their recall in a move designed to restore relations with the Asian nation following the executions of two Australians
Australia's ambassador has returned to Jakarta about one month after they were recalled by the Abbott government in protest over the execution of Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran.
Paul Grigson returned to the Indonesian capital on Monday, the foreign minister, Julie Bishop, said on Tuesday.
The gesture is part of a move to improve relations with Indonesia after the executions and tensions over boat turnbacks.
Grigson was the first Australian ambassador to Indonesia to be recalled, underlining the government's concern about what the prime minister, Tony Abbott, described as the “cruel and unnecessary” executions.
Abbott also suspended ministerial visits over the executions. But it is not known when the top-level visits will resume.
In recent weeks Grigson has been involved in talks with the government on how to restore Indonesia-Australian relations, which have also been rocked by the policy of turning back asylum seeker boats.
Foreign policy analysts have suggested a good next step would be for Australia to set up a maritime security information centre in Jakarta and enter a new agreement on military and civilian agency ties.
Meanwhile, Indonesia has will send its ambassador, Nadjib Riphat Kesoema, rather than a minister to regional counter-terrorism talks in Australia amid continued tensions following the executions.
Six countries, including Japan, Malaysia, Vietnam and New Zealand will be represented by ministers at the two-day summit, to be launched by Tony Abbott in Sydney on Thursday.
It comes, too, after defence minister, Kevin Andrews, did not hold a bilateral meeting with their Indonesian counterpart at the recent Shangri-La Dialogue, although both attended the Asian security summit in Singapore at the end of May.
It is understood other Australian officials were not allowed to meet Indonesian delegates at the conference either, while “time constraints” prevented the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade secretary, Peter Varghese, meeting with their Indonesian counterpart.
Makers and developers that enjoy building projects using the awesome Raspberry Pi single board minicomputer, are sure to enjoy this new creation which has used the Raspberry Pi to power a TI-99/4A which has now been aptly named the TI-Pi.
The Texas Instruments TI-99/4A was one of the first home computers and was released way back in 1981 and was the predecessor to the popular Commodore 64.
The TI-99/4A is a self-contained personal computer which includes a built-in keyboard and was originally launched with a peripheral expansion system consisting of different modules that allowed owners to add extra functionality with ease.
Shannon Woodruff over on the MAKE website has put together a new version of the TI-99/4A which is now powered by Raspberry Pi mini PC. Check out the video below to learn more about the build process and what was involved in giving the retro system new life.
“We decided to resurrect one of these bad boys and make a retro-inspired emulation machine — Raspberry Pi style. To run the system, we used theRetroPie Project. This Raspbian-based distro is a fairly comprehensive emulator environment. It's relatively easy to setup and quite robust.
One of the main things we wanted to do in this build was to retain the utility of the original built-in keyboard. We used Matthew Epler's method of doing this. They used a Teensy++ 2.0 microcontroller and wrote some great code for that. We wanted to save a few bucks, so we used the standard Teensy 2.0 and modified their code a little to match the pin outs.”
For more information on the new TI-99/4A Raspberry Pi build jump over to the MAKE website for details.
Source: MAKE
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
ECONOMISTS can be a haughty bunch. But a decade of trauma has had a chastening effect. They are rethinking old ideas, asking new questions and occasionally welcoming heretics back into the fold. Change, however, has been slow to reach the university economics curriculum. Many institutions still pump students through introductory courses untainted by recent economic history or the market shortcomings it illuminates. A few plucky reformers are working to correct that: a grand and overdue idea. Overhauling the way economics is taught ought to produce students more able to understand the modern world. Even better, it should improve economics itself.
The dismal science it may be, but economics is popular on campus. It accounts for more than 10% of degrees awarded at elite universities each year, by one estimate, and many more students take an introductory class as part of their general-education requirements. Teachers of such courses aim to grab the attention of their glassy-eyed audience, to acquaint students with the basics of the subject and, ideally, to equip them to apply economic reasoning to the real world. Economics teaches that incentives matter and trade-offs are unavoidable. It shows how naive attempts to fix social problems, from poverty to climate change, can have unintended consequences. Introductory economics, at its best, enables people to see the unstated assumptions and hidden costs behind the rosy promises of politicians and business people.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Yet the standard curriculum is hardly calibrated to impart these lessons. Most introductory texts begin with the simplest of models. Workers are paid according to their productivity; trade never makes anyone worse off; and government interventions in the market always generate a “deadweight loss”. Practising economists know that these statements are more true at some times than others. But the all-important exceptions are taught quite late in the curriculum—or, often, only in more advanced courses taken by those pursuing an economics degree. Other disciplines are also taught simply at first. New physics students learn mechanics through models stripped of all but the simplest elements. The risk is low, however, that a student who drops a physics course will think they live in a frictionless vacuum.
Students pay $300 or more for textbooks explaining that in competitive markets the price of a good should fall to the cost of producing an additional unit, and unsurprisingly regurgitate the expected answers. A study of 170 economics modules taught at seven universities found that marks in exams favoured the ability to “operate a model” over proofs of independent judgment.
The CORE project (for Curriculum Open-access Resources in Economics) seeks to change all this. It sprang from student protests in Chile in 2011 over the perceived shortcomings of their lessons. A Chilean professor, Oscar Landerretche, worked with other economists to design a new curriculum. He, Sam Bowles, of the Santa Fe Institute, Wendy Carlin, of University College London (UCL), and Margaret Stevens, of Oxford University, painstakingly knitted contributions from economists around the world into a text that is free, online and offers interactive charts and videos of star economists. That text is the basis of economics modules taught by a small but growing number of instructors.
“The Economy”, as the book is economically titled, covers the usual subjects, but in a very different way. It begins with the biggest of big pictures, explaining how capitalism and industrialisation transformed the world, inviting students to contemplate how it arrived at where it is today. Messy complications, from environmental damage to inequality, are placed firmly in the foreground. It explains cost curves, as other introductory texts do, but in the context of the Industrial Revolution, thus exposing students to debates about why industrialisation kicked off when and where it did. Thomas Malthus's ideas are used to teach students the uses and limitations of economic models, combining technical instruction with a valuable lesson from the history of economic thought. “The Economy” does not dumb down economics; it uses maths readily, keeping students engaged through the topicality of the material. Quite early on, students have lessons in the weirdness in economics—from game theory to power dynamics within firms—that makes the subject fascinating and useful but are skimmed over in most introductory courses.
Teaching the CORE curriculum feels like doing honest work, says Rajiv Sethi, of Barnard College, who contributed to the CORE textbook. Academic economists do not hide from students the complications they grapple with in their own research. Homa Zarghamee, also at Barnard, appreciates having to spend less time “unteaching”, ie, explaining to students why the perfect-competition result they learned does not actually hold in most cases. A student who does not finish the course will not be left with a misleading idea of economics, they note.
Esprit de CORE
Early results are promising. Assessments at UCL found that CORE students performed better in subsequent intermediate courses than non-CORE counterparts. Anecdotally, at least, students seem more engaged in CORE courses and graduate assistants less pained by the prospect of teaching them.
The hopes for CORE are much more ambitious than simply providing non-economists exposed to the material with a clearer idea of what economics is all about. The new curriculum may also help departments retain students drawn to economics as a way to understand the world's great challenges, and not simply as a place to play with elegant models. That could mean, eventually, a broader array of perspectives within economics departments, bigger and bolder research questions—and fewer profession-shaking traumas in future.
Urbain Jean Joseph Le Verrier FRS (FOR) HFRSE ( French: [yʁbɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ ʒɔzɛf lə vɛʁje]; 11 March 1811 – 23 September 1877) was a French astronomer and mathematician who specialized in celestial mechanics and is best known for predicting the existence and position of Neptune using only mathematics. The calculations were made to explain discrepancies with Uranus's orbit and the laws of Kepler and Newton. Le Verrier sent the coordinates to Johann Gottfried Galle in Berlin, asking them to verify. Galle found Neptune in the same night they received Le Verrier's letter, within 1° of the predicted position. The discovery of Neptune is widely regarded as a dramatic validation of celestial mechanics, and is one of the most remarkable moments of 19th-century science.
Biography [ edit ]
Statue of Le Verrier at the Paris Observatory
Early years [ edit ]
Le Verrier was born at Saint-Lô, Manche, France, and studied at École Polytechnique. They briefly studied chemistry under Gay-Lussac, writing papers on the combinations of phosphorus and hydrogen, and phosphorus and oxygen.[1] They then switched to astronomy, particularly celestial mechanics, and accepted a job at the Paris Observatory. They spent most of their professional life there, and eventually became that institution's Director, from 1854 to 1870 and again from 1873 to 1877.[2]
In 1846, Le Verrier became a member of the French Academy of Sciences, and in 1855, they were elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. Le Verrier's name is one of the 72 names inscribed on the Eiffel Tower.
Career [ edit ]
Early work [ edit ]
Le Verrier's first work in astronomy was presented to the Académie des Sciences in September 1839, entitled Sur les variations séculaires des orbites des planètes (On the Secular Variations of the Orbits of the Planets). This work addressed the then most-important question in astronomy: the stability of the Solar System, first investigated by Laplace. They were able to derive some important limits on the motions of the system, but due to the inaccurately-known masses of the planets, their results were tentative.
From 1844 to 1847, Le Verrier published a series of works on periodic comets, in particular those of Lexell, Faye and DeVico. They were able to show some interesting interactions with the planet Jupiter, proving that certain comets were actually the reappearance of previously-known comets flung into different orbits.[3]
Discovery of Neptune [ edit ]
Signature of M. LeVerrier
Le Verrier's most famous achievement is their prediction of the existence of the then unknown planet Neptune, using only mathematics and astronomical observations of the known planet Uranus. Encouraged by physicist Arago,[4] Director of the Paris Observatory, Le Verrier was intensely engaged for months in complex calculations to explain small but systematic discrepancies between Uranus's observed orbit and the one predicted from the laws of gravity of Newton. At the same time, but unknown to Le Verrier, similar calculations were made by John Couch Adams in England. Le Verrier announced their final predicted position for Uranus's unseen perturbing planet publicly to the French Academy on 31 August 1846, two days before Adams's final solution was privately mailed to the Royal Greenwich Observatory. Le Verrier transmitted their own prediction by 18 September in a letter to Johann Galle of the Berlin Observatory. The letter arrived five days later, and the planet was found with the Berlin Fraunhofer refractor that same evening, 23 September 1846, by Galle and Heinrich d'Arrest within 1° of the predicted location near the boundary between Capricorn and Aquarius.
There was, and to an extent still is, controversy over the apportionment of credit for the discovery. There is no ambiguity to the discovery claims of Le Verrier, Galle, and d'Arrest. Adams's work was begun earlier than Le Verrier's but was finished later and was unrelated to the actual discovery. Not even the briefest account of Adams's predicted orbital elements was published until more than a month after Berlin's visual confirmation. Adams made full public acknowledgement of Le Verrier's priority and credit (not forgetting to mention the role of Galle) when they gave their paper to the Royal Astronomical Society in November 1846:[5]
I mention these dates merely to show that my results were arrived at independently, and previously to the publication of those of M. Le Verrier, and not with the intention of interfering with their just claims to the honours of the discovery; for there is no doubt that their researches were first published to the world, and led to the actual discovery of the planet by Dr. Galle, so that the facts stated above cannot detract, in the slightest degree, from the credit due to M. Le Verrier. — Adams (1846)
Tables of the planets [ edit ]
Early in the 19th century, the methods of predicting the motions of the planets were somewhat scattered, having been developed over decades by many different researchers. In 1847, Le Verrier took on the task to "... embrace in a single work the entire planetary system, put everything in harmony if possible, otherwise, declare with certainty that there are as yet unknown causes of perturbations...",[6] a work which would occupy them for the rest of their life.
Le Verrier began by re-evaluating, to the 7th order, the technique of calculating the planetary perturbations known as the perturbing function. This derivation, which resulted in 469 mathematical terms, was complete by 1849. They next collected observations of the positions of the planets as far back as 1750. Examining these and correcting for inconsistencies with the most recent data occupied them until 1852.[3]
Le Verrier published, in the Annales de l'Observatoire de Paris, tables of the motions of all of the known planets, releasing them as they completed them, starting in 1858.[7] The tables formed the fundamental ephemeris of the Connaissance des Temps, the astronomical almanac of the Bureau des Longitudes, until about 1912.[8] About that time, Le Verrier's work on the outer planets was revised and expanded by Gaillot.[9]
Precession of Mercury [ edit ]
The grave of Urbain Le Verrier.
Le Verrier began studying the motion of Mercury as early as 1843, with a report entitled Détermination nouvelle de l 'orbite de Mercure et de ses perturbations (A New Determination of the Orbit of Mercury and its Perturbations).[3] In 1859, Le Verrier was the first to report that the slow precession of Mercury's orbit around the Sun could not be completely explained by Newtonian mechanics and perturbations by the known planets. They suggested, among possible explanations, that another planet (or perhaps, instead, a series of smaller 'corpuscules') might exist in an orbit even closer to the Sun than that of Mercury, to account for this perturbation.[10] (Other explanations considered included a slight oblateness of the Sun.) The success of the search for Neptune based on its perturbations of the orbit of Uranus led astronomers to place some faith in this possible explanation, and the hypothetical planet was even named Vulcan. However, no such planet was ever found,[11] and the anomalous precession was eventually explained by general relativity theory.
Later life [ edit ]
Le Verrier's methods of management were disliked by the staff of the Observatoire, and the disputes became so great that they were driven out in 1870. They were succeeded by Delaunay, but was reinstated in 1873 after Delaunay accidentally drowned. Le Verrier held the position until their death in 1877.[1]
Le Verrier had a wife and children.[12] They died in Paris, France and was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery. A large stone celestial globe sits over their grave. They will be remembered by the phrase attributed to Arago: "the man who discovered a planet with the point of their pen."
Honours [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Image caption The returning officer declared the two seats for Bromley South ward went to Labour
The Electoral Commission is to launch a review into vote counting for the local election in Tower Hamlets.
Counting for the new Bromley South ward finished after it resumed on Monday evening for the third time.
Earlier the commission said it would be sending observers to the count and "looking closely" at the process.
Halal Uddin and Danny Hassell, both from Labour, were elected after the recount. Labour has the most seats - 20, but no party has overall control.
The re-elected mayor Lutfur Rahman, from Tower Hamlets First, will take the decisions for the council with their executive body, which is also made up of the deputy mayor and eight lead members.
Following the Bromley South ward result, Labour has 20 seats, Tower Hamlets First 18, the Conservatives have four, while three seats are vacant.
Allegations of intimidation
It may be some time before the final result is declared as the results for the final three seats in Blackwall and Cubitt Town could take longer to be revealed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Counting finishes in Tower Hamlets after two suspensions
A by-election for the vacant seats will take place next month after a candidate died ahead of last week's polling day.
Officials at the east London borough council have attributed the delay to the mayoral and European elections being held together, a large turnout and recounts.
The Electoral Commission review comes after the body said it was aware of reports of intimidation at counts and polling stations.
Speaking to the PM programme on BBC Radio 4 earlier, John Williams, the returning officer for Tower Hamlets, said the council had not received widespread allegations of intimidation on polling day.
"We found there were numbers of people outside polling stations," they said.
"But we didn't find people inside the polling place, and we didn't find the people outside the polling stations were intimidating voters."
Shouting crowds
The Electoral Commission said it was too early to say what the issues at the count were but stressed people should be able to vote "free from intimidation".
Earlier in a statement, a spokesperson said: "Clearly there have been issues at the Tower Hamlets count and we need to make sure we understand what happened, and the reasons for it, before reaching any conclusions.
"As part of our review, we will be talking to the returning officer and regional returning officer.
"We will be looking closely at what happened during the count, as well as the planning that took place beforehand."
Mr Williams defended the process saying new measures had been put in place after about 100 allegations of fraud were made in the borough after the 2012 election for London mayor, but added none of the allegations had been proven.
They added that the Electoral Commission had not raised any issues on polling day and officials from the body had been in the borough all day.
Politicians said they witnessed crowds shouting at people as they arrived to cast their votes and they claimed leaflets were left in booths to influence voters.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Met stationed an officer at each polling station on Thursday
Labour Mile End councillor Rachael Saunders told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "There is a real worry from a lot of people that the police committed there would only be two people per party allowed to be outside the polling stations.
"But in fact there were huge crowds at some, shouting at people or encouraging them to vote in a particular way."
They added that presiding officers should have ensured leaflets were removed from booths but failed to do so.
'Out-of-hours' count
Leader of the Conservative group Peter Golds said: "They were picking on certain residents and going up to them trying to persuade them to vote right up to the moment they entered the room to vote."
The Met said "no major incidents" were reported.
Acting Supt Helen Lewis, of Tower Hamlets borough police, urged anyone who may have witnessed behaviour that could amount to criminal activity to come forward.
They said: "Although we have received no allegations of harassment, intimidation or fraudulent behaviour at polling stations, we would, of course, be keen to speak with anyone who has concerns."
The council had to complete the count "out of hours" because of staffing issues, a spokesperson said.
Counting was first suspended on Saturday, a day after it began, by the returning officer because of the delay processing votes for the borough's mayoral election.
It was suspended again on Monday.
Correction 17 June 2014: This story has been amended to make clear that the mayor and executive body take decisions for the council rather than the cabinet.
An explosion ripped through a tourist bus on the Egyptian side of the Taba border crossing with Israel Sunday afternoon, killing four and injuring some 30 passengers.
Three Korean tourists and the Egyptian driver of the bus were killed in the blast, according to Egyptian security officials, while at least eight others sustained serious wounds.
The border crossing, which was sealed in the immediate aftermath of the attack, was later reopened, but only for Israeli citizens seeking to return to Israel.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Officials said the tourist bus had arrived at Taba from the ancient Greek Orthodox monastery of St. Catherine in central Sinai. The bus, filled with 32 Korean Christian pilgrims, had started its journey in Cairo, passed through St. Catherine, and was on its way to Eilat when the bomb exploded shortly before it reached the border.
Egyptian officials said the explosion was caused by a bomb attached to the bus and detonated by either a timer or remote control. The bomb was reportedly placed on the bus at a roadside stop on the drive from St. Catherine to Taba, and detonated as the bus waited near the Taba Hilton hotel to obtain permission to cross into Israel.
Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, an al-Qaeda affiliated terrorist organization, reportedly claimed responsibility for the attack, various Arabic-language media outlets reported.
The Sinai-based al-Qaeda-linked group was also responsible for a handful of terror attacks throughout Egypt and for several Grad rockets launched at Eilat over the past month from across the border.
Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis is reportedly holed up in the mountainous center of the arid peninsula, an area the Egyptian military has been loath to approach in its ongoing battle with terror groups in the increasingly turbulent Strip.
Egyptian military authorities in the Sinai declared a state of heightened alert and were searching the area along the bus's route for tracks belonging to the perpetrators of the bombing.
A picture from the scene showed a burnt-out husk of a bus on the side of the road.
RT@shabab6april first photos of the explosion in Taba and the bus, #Egypt where 3 Koreans tourist were killed pic.twitter.com/HcTaDUedYO — Nasser Atta (@nasseratta5) February 16, 2014
No Israelis were among the casualties, an Israeli police spokesperson said. Israeli first responders rushed to the border crossing, but an Israel Defense Forces spokesperson said the incident was being managed by Egypt.
No Israelis on tourist bus after explosion took place in Egypt near Taba crossing. Emergency units on standby at Taba crossing Israeli side. — Micky Rosenfeld (@MickyRosenfeld) February 16, 2014
Israel halted the operation of the border crossing after the explosion. Israeli officials asked that citizens not try to attempt to reach the border crossing.
Photo of Israeli emergency units arriving earlier today at Taba border on Israeli side, to assist casualties. pic.twitter.com/4g5kixGJ9d — Israel News Feed (@IsraelHatzolah) February 16, 2014
The crossing, just a few minutes' drive from Eilat, is the main civilian crossing point between Israel and Egypt. It is often used by Israeli vacationers, though recent unrest in the Sinai Peninsula has slowed the flow of tourists to a trickle.
In 2004, a bomb blast at a Hilton Hotel in Taba frequented by Israelis killed 31 people. The hotel, which houses a casino, is about 100 meters from the border.
Wide receiver Antonio Bryant has agreed to a four-year deal with the Cincinnati Bengals, their agent, Patrick Brougham, told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter on Wednesday.
Bryant's contract is worth $28 million, a source told ESPN.com's John Clayton. With incentives, they could make as much as $29 million.
Cincinnati's addition of Bryant considerably lessens the possibility that the Bengals will sign unrestricted free agent Terrell Owens. A league source told Schefter that the Bengals never made Owens a contract offer.
Receiver Chad Ochocinco has been lobbying for the Bengals to sign Owens since the end of last season, when the Bengals' passing game lacked a deep threat.
"There's always been the speculation and perception out there [about coming to Cincinnati] and Chad kick-started it and lobbied to have me here as a teammate and I welcome it with open arms," Owens, who made a visit to the Bengals, told the Cincinnati Enquirer.
Bryant had career highs with 83 catches for 1,248 yards and seven touchdowns in 2008 with Tampa Bay. They needed surgery for torn cartilage in their left knee during training camp last year, and was bothered by pain in the knee all season. They finished with 39 catches for 600 yards and four touchdowns.
Cincinnati needs at least one proven receiver after releasing Laveranues Coles, who lasted only one season with the Bengals. Receiver Matt Jones, who was out of the NFL last season after Jacksonville released them because of off-field issues, has signed a one-year deal with the Bengals.
The Bengals went 10-6 and won the AFC North last season by relying on their defense and running game. They lost to the New York Jets in their first playoff game since 2005, struggling to move the ball.
Owens, a six-time Pro Bowl receiver, had 69 catches for 1,052 yards and 10 touchdowns with Dallas in 2008, and dropped off to 55 catches for 829 yards with five touchdowns last season in Buffalo.
Cincinnati's passing offense finished 26th in the league last season even though quarterback Carson Palmer was back from an elbow injury. The Bengals didn't have a reliable third-down receiver -- T.J. Houshmandzadeh left as a free agent for Seattle before last season -- and Coles failed to blend into the offense.
The Bengals also lacked a deep threat after Chris Henry got hurt. Henry later died in a fall from a truck during a domestic dispute.
Getting a receiver and a tight end are among the team's top priorities in free agency and the draft.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Syria's government has not yet granted permission for aid to go to the city
GENEVA, March 18 (Reuters) - Some Syrians in the besieged areas of Daraya and Deir al-Zor have been reduced to eating grass because food supplies are cut off, the U.N. World Food Programme said on Friday.
"In the most severe cases, they are enduring entire days without eating, sending children to beg and eating grass/wild vegetation," a report said.
Deir al-Zor is under seige by Islamic State forces, while Daraya is besieged by government forces and has become a focus of U.N. efforts to get aid to all of Syria. Syria's government has not yet granted permission for aid to go to the city.
Households in the two cities were unable to eat more than one meal per day and giving priority to children, said the WFP report, a survey of Syrian food market conditions in February.
Fresh bread was "sporadically available at an extortionate cost" in Daraya, 30 times above the market price in nearby Damascus. Rice was 17 times higher than Damascus prices.
Despite a widespread truce that has lasted almost three weeks, Syria's government has refused to give permission for U.N. aid convoys to enter six areas under siege by its forces, including Daraya.
U.N. humanitarian advisor Jan Egeland said on Thursday that countries backing the Syrian peace talks had given the Syrian government seven days to answer a U.N. request to deliver aid.
"It is in violation of international law to prevent us from going," they said, adding that the six areas were no more strategic or symbolic than other areas that had already received aid convoys.
"In Daraya there has been fighting, but we had a very clear impression that we will not be having any problems in delivering if we get the two sides to agree to the cessation of hostilities so that we can deliver to the few thousand people there, civilians who are in a very, very difficult position," Egeland said.
With no hope of getting convoys into Deir al-Zor by road, the U.N. hopes to do air drops of food. But a first attempt failed because the plane had to fly so high and fast to avoid the threat of surface-to-air missiles, causing the parachutes to fail because of the severe jolt when they opened.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Hindi-speaking people always drop the last "a" vowel from names of places, apparently. Photo: feimosi.github.io
Each time we talk about India, we refer to millions of people who coexist in this country, usually peacefully, despite drastic differences in culture, traditions and most importantly, languages.
Unlike many other countries, there is no one common language that all Indians know. Indians, often multi-linguistic for the same reason, are also quite emotional about their mother tongue. For instance, if the government decides to, rather hopes to, make Hindi the "national language" of the country, all south India will resist for a simple reason - they don't know the language.
The Bharatiya Janata Party has been trying to impose Hindi on all Indians and are already facing repercussions, in the real world, and the virtual world. Like historian Ramchandra Guha puts it in their Hindustan Times column, the BJP is following its predecessor Jan Sangh's notion that a single language and a single religion will unite a nation, and trying to steer the nation towards "Hindi, Hindu, Hindustan", "a direct adaption of Jinnah's idea that only Urdu-speaking Muslims can be true Pakistanis."
A Kannadiga, Guru Prasad, made a Facebook post about one of their colleagues, a Hindi-speaking north Indian, who always pronounces Karnataka as Karnatak, and Kannada and Kannad. In the post, Prasad said that one day they decided to know why this colleague chooses to pronounce Karnataka and Kannada wrong, despite telling them the right pronunciation multiple times.
The colleague's argument was that they were born and brought up in a Hindi speaking region, and that it's a practice for them and others who speak Hindi to always drop the "a" vowel. They said that they will continue to pronounce Karnataka and Kannada wrong to "abide by" this convention.
Prasad decided to change this "convention" once and for all. A rapid fire session with the colleague would do the trick. Here are the questions Prasad asked.
"Which state has maximum number of DLF land?"
"Haryana", said the colleague.
"Which state is the city of Puri in?"
"Odisha", came the answer.
"Which town near Delhi has the maximum number of shopping malls?"
"Noida", the colleague said.
"Which town has the maximum number of coaching centres?"
"Kota", they said.
"Where is Taj Mahal situated?"
"Agra", the colleague answered.
"Which is the birthplace of Lord Krishna?"
"Mathura", they said.
It was Prasad's time to speak.
They asked their colleague, "If you can pronounce Haryana as Haryana and not Haryan, Odisha as Odisha and not Odish, Noida as Noida and not Noid, Kota as Kota and not Kot, Mathura as Mathura and not Mathur, how can you say that in your language convention, you don't use "a" as the last vowel and hence pronounce Karnataka as Karnatak and Kannada as Kannad?"
Here is the full Facebook post:
Photo courtesy: Facebookguruprasad.gp Photo courtesy: Facebookguruprasad.gp
While we understand the convention of dropping the last vowel is a result of transliteration, it doesn't take much to pronounce south Indian pronouns the way it should be.
Story highlights Source tells CNN that the request for the call from the tower had come from Duke's administration
Evangelist Franklin Graham called on donors to withhold support
Head of Islamic studies at Duke says he's disappointed in school's decision
(CNN) Duke University officials on Friday cited security concerns as part of the reason for the school's reversal of its decision to allow a Muslim call to prayer to sound from a campus chapel bell tower.
Neither the Durham, North Carolina, school nor the local FBI office, which was made aware of the situation at Duke, would specify details of these concerns, but Michael J. Schoenfeld, the university's vice president of public affairs, said the number and tone of the calls were "pretty loud and nasty."
"We have heard from a lot of people who have a lot of interesting and important opinions and perspectives on this," Schoenfeld said.
In a statement Thursday, the school said plans changed because its effort to "unify was not having the intended effect."
The Duke Muslim Students Association had planned to chant the call, or adhan, from the Duke Chapel bell tower. The adhan signals the beginning of the weekly prayer service. Jummah prayers have taken place in the basement of Duke Chapel for many years.
Read More
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 23, 2017, 12:32 PM GMT / Updated March 23, 2017, 12:32 PM GMT By Chuck Todd, Mark Murray and Carrie Dann
First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter
Four reasons why the House bill could pass (and seven reasons why it still might not)
It's Judgment Day on the House legislation to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. And while prospects for passage looked grim as of Wednesday afternoon — with both GOP conservatives and moderates lining up against the bill — a potential breakthrough to placate opposed conservatives emerged by including the elimination of Essential Health Benefits (more on those below). And that could be enough to get the necessary 215 votes to pass the legislation, though it could also complicate matters for Senate Republicans. So how will it all turn out? It's anyone's guess, but here are four reasons why the bill will pass — and seven reasons why it might still not.
WHY THE HOUSE BILL WILL PASS
Last best chance to repeal/replace Obamacare: If Republicans don't get this done, they will fail on a key promise to their voters. A sizable majority: House Republicans currently enjoy a 237-193 majority, and so there's margin for error. The magic number for passage is 215 votes (down from 216, because Democratic Rep. Bobby Rush's wife died and he'll be away from Capitol Hill). That means Republicans can afford 22 defections. Don't underestimate the chances of a president who has A LOT to lose if this fails: It would be catastrophic for Trump's first 100 days, and maybe even their entire presidency, if this vote fails — especially for someone billed as a winner/closer/great negotiator. Hence yesterday's potential deal on Essential Health Services. Don't underestimate the chances of a speaker who has A LOT to lose if this fails: This is Speaker Paul Ryan's first big legislative test with Republicans in control of government. To lose a vote like this — when the GOP is charge — would be devastating. Hence yesterday's potential deal on Essential Health Services
WHY THE HOUSE BILL WON'T PASS
Inability to govern: After being conditioned to saying “no” during the Obama years, too many Republicans are unable to get to “yes,” no matter how imperfect the legislation is. A divided party: The GOP remains fractured, which is illustrated by opposition to the House bill. One opponent is Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL), and Hillary Clinton carried their district by 20 points in 2016. Another GOP opponent is Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX), and Trump carried that district by 47 points. Others hail from districts that were decided by just a handful of points, like Leonard Lance of New Jersey and Brian Fitzpatrick of Pennsylvania. Flawed policy: The Congressional Budget Office's numbers on the legislation are jaw-dropping: 14 million fewer Americans would have insurance by 2018, and 24 million fewer would have it over 10 years. What's more, older and more rural residents (read Trump voters) get hit hard, while wealthy investors get big tax breaks. Broken promises: During the campaign and this legislative fight, Trump and their team promised: 1) “We're going to have insurance for everybody”; 2) “I firmly believe that nobody will be worse off financially”; 3) “I'm not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid” -- but the CBO shows that the legislation breaks those promises. Didn't learn Obamacare's important lessons: In 2009-2010, Democrats got industry and major stakeholders to support their legislation; they went slow (the process took them a year); they reached out to the political opposition (Olympia Snowe voted for the Senate legislation out of committee); they united the party around the central tenets of the legislation; and most importantly, they held a supermajority in the Senate — or close to it. This current GOP legislative effort has followed none of these things. A GOP Senate that's not all that enthusiastic about House bill: “I would say to my friends in the House of Representatives with whom I serve, ‘Do not walk the plank and vote for a bill that cannot pass the Senate and then have to face the consequences of that vote,” Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) has said. Trump's bad Monday: Confirmation of an FBI investigation into your campaign's possible contacts with Russia and repudiation of your claim that Barack Obama wiretapped your phones didn't help Trump win over wavering lawmakers.
NBC's latest whip count: 29 House Republicans are against or leaning against the House GOP health-care bill
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH)
Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC)
Rep. Justin Amash (R-MI)
Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA)
Rep. Raul Labrador (R-ID)
Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL)
Rep. Rob Wittman (R-VA)
Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY)
Rep. Tom Garrett (R-VA)
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtin (R-FL)
Rep. Leonard Lance (R-NJ)
Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-OK)
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX)
Rep. Mark Sanford (R-SC)
Rep. John Katko (R-NY)
Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA)
Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC)
Rep. Ted Budd (R-NC)
Rep. Rick Crawford (R-AR)
Rep. Ted Yoho (R-FL)
Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-TN)
Rep. Warren Davidson (R-OH)
Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ)
Rep. Rod Blum (R-IA)
Rep. Andy Harris (R-MD)
Rep. David Young (R-IA)
Rep. Frank LoBiondo (R-NJ)
Rep. Dan Donovan (R-NY)
Rep. Charlie Dent (R-PA)
Explaining the possible deal on Essential Health Benefits
And given that Republicans can afford just 22 defections, those 29 in opposition are enough to sink the deal. Which is why a deal emerged yesterday on including an elimination of Obamacare's Essential Health Benefits: “The White House made a major concession to the Freedom Caucus on Wednesday night. It agreed to add a provision to the health care bill to eliminate an Obamacare mandate that forces insurance plans to provide a minimum menu of benefits. Ryan and other top Republicans had balked at making such a move, fearing it would derail the bill under the Senate's arcane procedural rules,” Politico writes. “But with a possible defeat looming on Thursday, the White House went along. The concession showed how far Trump is willing to go to prevail, though problems remain with some moderate Republicans.”
Business Insider's Josh Barro adds: “Without the EHB rules, insurers could, for example, sell some plans that cover maternity care and others that do not. Men would not buy maternity coverage, and many women would wait to buy maternity coverage until they thought they were likely to get pregnant. The problem is, if you choose to pay for something, insurers will assume you are highly likely to use it and price accordingly.” Not all conservative opponents are sold. “Repealing EHB, w/out making other substantial changes, would make the bill worse, not better. It would hurt the sickest people on exchanges,” Rep. Amash (R-MI) tweeted yesterday.
If there's a deal, don't be surprised if there's a vote delay
The way to understand this possible deal on Essential Health Benefits is that there are more gettable votes from the right for Trump/Ryan. But while this deal might increase the chances for passage, it might not come today. After all, there's no been no CBO score on any new changes. And, of course, there hasn't been enough time to read any revised bill. Don't be surprised if there's a delay to get the rest of these conservatives on board.
Three new developments add fuel to the Trump-Russia storyline
Beyond today's health-care drama, check out all of the new developments when it comes to Russia and Team Trump.
One, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) said on MSNBC's “MTP Daily” yesterday that they have seen "more than circumstantial evidence" that associates of President Donald Trump colluded with Russia… Two, CNN reported that the FBI “has information that indicates associates of President Donald Trump communicated with suspected Russian operatives to possibly coordinate the release of information damaging to Hillary Clinton's campaign.”… And three, the AP has this story: “U.S. Treasury Department agents have recently obtained information about offshore financial transactions involving President Donald Trump's former campaign chairperson, Paul Manafort, as part of a federal anti-corruption probe into their work in Eastern Europe.” Drip, drip, drip.
Schiff: Nunes has to decide — is they leading an independent investigation, or is they a White House surrogate?
The other big story from yesterday: “House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes … has risked undermining the credibility of the panel's investigation of Russian interference of the 2016 election by sharing new information with the White House, their Democratic counterpart said Wednesday,” per the LA Times.
“By briefing the public and then President Trump about intercepted communications involving members of the transition team, but not other members of the committee involved in the investigation, Nunes cast ‘quite a profound cloud over our ability to do our work,' Rep. Adam B. Schiff … told reporters. ‘The chairperson will either need to decide if he's leading an investigation into conduct which includes allegations of potential coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians, or they are going to act as a surrogate of the White House.'”
What were other presidents doing on March 23?
BEIJING -- China's complex economic and financial situation makes it hard to describe the country's outlook in just a few words -- even for U.S. ratings agency Standard & Poor's.
On Thursday, the agency lowered the outlook for China's government bonds from stable to negative. But that does not necessarily mean they were entirely pessimistic about the future, company representatives stressed during a teleconference on Friday.
While explaining that China's sluggish economic restructuring led to the downgrade, Kim Eng Tan, a senior director of sovereign and international public finance ratings at S&P, does not foresee "big issues" in the Chinese authorities' ability to keep the banking system stable over the next few years -- provided the economy continues to expand and credit growth is kept at the current pace. Even though the debt load has increased, they said, "liquidity is quite sizable."
On the subject of capital outflow -- one of the major concerns facing China at the moment -- Tan suggested things might take a turn for the better. They believe expectations of yuan devaluation will slowly cool, and that China will not continue to see such rapid capital outflow, for a number of reasons. The authorities in Beijing have indicated they have no plans to devalue the currency further and have been keeping it relatively stable in recent months.
China's debt exceeds 40% of gross domestic product. Kim argues that sustainable growth requires a ratio of around 30-35%. Today's financial and economic conditions are not unlike those of 1998, when China saw its first formal bankruptcy of a financial institution -- Guangdong International Trust & Investment Company. Then-Premier Zhu Rongji decided to shut it down. But S&P representatives were dismissive of the prospects of something similar happening this time.
S&P's change in outlook followed a similar move by Moody's Investors Service last month. Moody's cited "uncertainty about the authorities' capacity to implement reforms -- given the scale of reform challenges -- to address imbalances in the economy."
People's Bank of China Gov. Zhou Xiaochuan, too, has voiced concerns about the country's highly leveraged economy. "Lending as a share of GDP, especially corporate lending as a share of GDP, is too high," they said on March 20 at the China Development Forum in Beijing.
On the other hand, Shi Yaobin, China's deputy finance minister, in response to the downgrades, said, "It is because the ratings company has overestimated the difficulties China faces while it underestimates China's ability to promote reforms."
Shi also dismissed worries about the national debt and reforms of state-owned enterprises.
Time Warner announced that the OTT service HBO Now has reached two million paying subscribers.
The service, which launched in April 2015, reached 800,000 subscribers by the end of its first year, and by March 2016 was nearing 1 million subscribers.
HBO Now retails at $15 monthly and is aimed at cord-cutters. It was originally only available on Apple TV, but later other platforms were added. In 2016, HBO launched OTT products on Microsoft's Xbox platforms, new Samsung smart TVs, Sony's PlayStation platforms and Amazon Prime Channels.
The company also unveiled that the sixth season of Game of Thrones averaged close to 26 million viewers, making it HBO's most-watched series ever. The first season of Westworld averaged over 13 million viewers and is the most watched first-year student series in HBO history.
In 2016, HBO launched an OTT service in Spain and HBO Latin America launched OTT services in Brazil and Argentina.
• Matthew Continetti in The Washington Free Beacon:
“What connection does Tim Cook have to the cause of a free press other than in suppressing it for profit?”
Earlier this week, the Newseum awarded Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, an award for free speech. Matthew Continetti sees hypocrisy in granting Mr. Cook this award after Apple acquiesced to a Chinese government request to remove The New York Times from the Chinese version of the App Store. And they note that Apple is a “platinum sponsor” of the Newseum's Free Expression awards. Read more »
_____
• Bill Donohue in Newsmax:
“What are they afraid of? That the playground is going to be converted into some kind of grand venue for Bible readings?”
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court heard arguments in a case that may have resounding implications for the separation of church and state. At the heart of the case is whether the state can deny funds to a religious organization that seeks to use them for secular purpose. In 2012, a Missouri church sought state money to resurface a playground and was denied. Bill Donohue, who leads the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights, argues that the brief filed against the church “has an air of paranoia to it,” and misunderstands the historical context behind the Missouri Constitution's religious provisions. Read more »
Since the 19th century, collectors have become increasingly interested in weapons from ancient Asia and the Middle East. In an attempt to fight forged copies, physicists are now adding their imaging power to better authenticate these weapons; the fakes can't resist the investigative power of X-rays combined with neutron imaging. In a study published in EPJ Plus, an Italian team, working in close collaboration with the Wallace Collection in London and the Neutron Imaging team at the Helmholtz Zentrum Berlin, has demonstrated the usefulness of such a combined imaging approach to help museum curators in their quest to ensure authenticity. Filament Salvemini, currently affiliated with the Australian Centre for Neutron Scattering ACNS at ANSTO in Lucas Heights near Sydney, and colleagues can now reliably tell first-class modern copies of early daggers and swords from authentic ones.
In this study, the authors focus on a kris - the distinctive weapon of Malaysia and Indonesia - and a kanjar - a double-edged dagger with a slightly curved blade and a pistol-grip made of metal, ivory, jade or some other hard-stone found e.g. in Persia and India.
The team relied on non-invasive techniques, based on the interaction of radiation with matter, to effectively complement conventional studies based on the surface analysis of weapons. As a result, they were able to characterise their entire 3D volume. As part of the authentication process, they were also able to identify the manufacturing method used for the respective dagger on the basis of the bulk morphology and microstructure of the metal.
The authors found the internal structure of the traditional kris examined in this study was inconsistent with descriptions of traditional forging methods to be found in the extant literature, thus suggesting the artefact was a fake. By contrast, the kanjar analysed in the study is most likely to be authentic, as the material distribution in the volume of the blade conforms to traditional metallurgical processes. Clues such as the presence of bulk defects and metal layers of different composition provide further insights concerning the thermal and mechanical treatments used for both types of weapons.
###
Reference: F. Salvemini, F. Grazzia, N. Kardjilov, F. Wieder, I. Manke, D. Edge, A. Williams, M. Zoppi (2017), Combined application of imaging techniques for the characterization and authentication of ancient weapons, Eur. Phys. J. Plus 132:228, DOI 10.1140/epjp/i2017-11496-6
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 4, 2014, 9:05 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 5, 2014, 3:20 AM GMT By Cassandra Vinograd and Tracy Connor
An Oregon mother who had a breakdown while caring for their autistic son and ailing husband allegedly threw the 6-year-old off a bridge and then called police to tell them, authorities and relatives said Tuesday.
Jillian Meredith McCabe, 34, of Seal Rock, Oregon, was arrested for the killing of their son London, police said. Authorities discovered the boy's body in the waters of Oregon's Yaquina Bay hours after McCabe called 911 late Monday.
On Tuesday afternoon, McCabe made a brief appearance in Lincoln County court — via video conference while wearing restrictive clothing to designed to keep them from hurting herself. A judge ordered them held on $1 million bail on charges of aggravated murder, murder and 1st and 2nd degree manslaughter. They did not enter a plea and the judge set a preliminary hearing in the case for Nov. 12.
In the past, McCabe had spoken and written of "pulling a Thelma and Louise" — a reference to the movie in which two women drive their car off a cliff — as a response to the stresses of their life.
"We're all devastated," Andrew McCabe, London's uncle, told NBC News. "London was a good kid. They loved hats. And their Dad."
“She took them for a walk and did what they did,” they added.
Jillian McCabe at hearing in Lincoln County Court, Oregon, on Nov. 4. They appeared via video conference. KGW
Relatives said the once-stable mother suffered a mental collapse in the face of incredible challenges: caring for a non-verbal and autistic child, a health crisis that left their husband fighting for their life, and the death of their father.
"Jillian really struggled with their mental health and I know they were just out of their mind when this happened," said Tanya McCabe, London's great-aunt, who led the family effort to obtain psychiatric services for them They were discharged more than once from inpatient care, they said.
"It was terrible what we went through to get them the help they did get," they said. "We worked full-time to get them the services but obviously they weren't sufficient."
They declined to provide further details, citing privacy concerns. Oregon's state health agency said it could not comment on an individual patient's case.
Family members say Jillian sought treatment when they lived in Hood River about two years ago.
“We sought care on several occasions. Due to the limited options in the public health system, we were only able to get them into an outpatient facility in The Dalles,” brother-in-law Andy McCabe told NBC News Tuesday night. “It was a limited time allowed. And since they refused to admit them officially to an inpatient facility, they were released to us."
"I know they were just out of their mind when this happened."
Tanya McCabe said London's mother had expressed thoughts of harming themselves but the family never imagined they would kill them son.
"Jillian was always so patient with him, and loving. They really had a lot of compassion for their condition. When they were screaming at the top of their lungs, which was the only way they could communicate, they didn't get upset at all. They would calmly comfort him, and I was amazed at how patient they are.
"So this was shocking and heartbreaking."
The family's difficulties were chronicled extensively on social media, through YouTube, Facebook and Google Plus. The authenticity of those pages was confirmed to NBC News by Andrew McCabe.
On a fundraising website set up by family and friends, Jillian McCabe wrote that their husband Matt had been diagnosed with MS and had a mass in their brain stem — going from acting as "the sole breadwinner and provider to not" in a matter of two weeks.
They recounted how they rushed their husband to the emergency room, where nurses had said "they couldn't believe London was severely autistic — they were so well-behaved." The appeal linked to a now-defunct blog called "Autistic London."
"I am taking care of our son London and now Matt full-time," they wrote. "I am applying for any and all assistance available… I NEED YOUR HELP."
"I love my husband and they have taken care of myself and my son for years and years and now it's time for me to take the helm," they added. "I am scared and I am reaching out. I hope I am not coming across trashy or over-reactionary. I must explore every avenue to take care of my family right now."
In a YouTube video of Jillian McCabe posted by a family member, they expressed their appreciation for support and funds and donations as the family struggled with Matt's diagnosis and caring for London.
"You are making this experience livable — versus pulling a Thelma and Louise — which I've totally thought about," a tearful Jillian said with a little laugh. "I said it."
Matt McCabe's Facebook profile documented the devoted father's medical struggles and family life with London and Jillian. Early photos of a young London — who was diagnosed with severe autism in 2011, according to a post — give way to a smiling young boy sporting a variety of hats.
"It's absolutely a tragedy."
In blog posts penned by Matt McCabe, they hinted at family troubles.
"Some of you 'know' and some of you don't. Jillian and I are living apart right now," they wrote on the blog. "Life happens. We are still 'together' but living apart. This has been very difficult, but life is unique, right?"
But in September, there were signs that the family situation was improving. A YouTube video posted online last month showed Matt, Jillian and London celebrating the boy's sixth birthday at a table surrounded by stuffed-animal party guests.
In the video — titled “London McCabe's Sixth Birthday" — Jillian hugs the hat-clad London close as they eye a candle-lit cupcake, then claps and cheers as they blow out the candle.
In September, Matt McCabe posted that their wife had moved back in, and the situation seemed to be improving.
"Jillian is living with us, too," they wrote. "London is pleased as punch. They lays on our laps and puts our hands together. Last night they made the 'mmmwha!' sound and gave their Mommy a kiss. Then they made the same sound and pushed our faces together. He's all smiles."
London McCabe playing with a toy giraffe last November. “He liked big floppy hats and anything that was fuzzy," their uncle said. via Facebook
London's uncle said they were "really sweet, energetic and a handful."
“He liked big floppy hats and anything that was fuzzy. They liked the feel of soft fur and fleece. It was a comfort to him…It was a sensory thing. It was what they were able to latch onto when they were upset. It would calm them down," Andrew McCabe said.
“He had a lion that was their favorite. They liked it so much they wore it out – they had to buy them a new one because it was all worn out,” they added. “He liked the water. Ironically enough. They loved the beach. And they loved playing in the water."
London carried an iPad with them everywhere, using it for educational games and to watch YouTube. "He was very intuitive, very intelligent… just trapped in a mind and a body that couldn't communicate," their uncle said.
Coast Guard spokesperson Jonathan Klingenberg said London's body was recovered early Tuesday. They said a good Samaritan had called in after spotting a body from a restaurant and lounge at the Yaquina Bay Bridge, prompting the Coast Guard's 25-foot vessel and fire department to zero in on the location. "The fire department got there first and recovered the body," they told NBC News. "It's absolutely a tragedy."
The Newport Police Department said that Jillian McCabe had been located near the bridge and interviewed by detectives prior to the discovery of their son's body. They were then arrested.
Andrew McCabe said they hoped the tragedy would bring attention to the lack of help for the mentally ill.
"The state of health care in the country and the lack of prioritization that we have especially for our mentally ill is appalling. And its heartbreaking and unfortunately there are tragic results when people don't get the help they need," they said.
— with Gisele Lamarre
After literally months of purchasing merchandise, watching videos, tweeting about UPS trucks, and anything else that could get them to the front of the...
After literally months of purchasing merchandise, watching videos, tweeting about UPS trucks, and anything else that could get them to the front of the line in a monetized “Verified Fan” program, the first batch of Taylor Swift superfans got a chance to score tickets to the singer's 2018 U.S. tour on Tuesday. As has become the norm, the day was filled with complaints about delays, jaw-dropping ticket prices, and finally, joy at scoring the chance to see a favorite artist perform. And there's still three days left on the presale.
For those unaware, Taylor Swift used the new Ticketmaster Verified Fan system to prioritize how fans would be able to purchase tickets to their upcoming tour, which currently has 33 dates across the United States, beginning with a May 8 show in Glendale, AZ. There are also 2018 dates in the UK and Ireland, as well as a swing through Australia and New Zealand in the fall. Fans were able to purchase merchandise and albums, as well as talk about the singer on social media and watch their videos online to show their fandom and get better access to the earlier days of the process. Tuesday saw the first groups go live, with additional groups allocated spots on Wednesday and Thursday before the general public gets a crack at tickets next week.
While everyone who received codes for Tuesday's batch of presales, there was no shortage of drama as the day unfolded. Prices were one issue for fans – most of whom had presumably already dropped significant chunks of change on merchandise to score their spot near the front of the line. Tickets range from $50 for the upper limits of the stadiums on the tour to $250 for floor level. VIP options and the “pit” range from $800 to $1,500 per seat.
(H/T to Hollywoodlife.com for putting some of the below on the radar. Others were found via a simple Twitter search on “Ticketmaster”)
Now that I've seen ticket prices for the #reputationStadiumTour, I'm glad I got Wednesday instead of Tuesday. I now have 24 hrs to sell my car, auction off all of the organs I don't NEED on the dark web, rob a bank, take out a loan, & donate plasma. 😁 #TaylorSwiftTix — G A B E 🐍 (@gabeonidle) December 5, 2017
RIP MY BANK ACCOUNT IMMA BE IN DEBT FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE BUT ITS WORTH IT TO BE AT THE END OF THE CATWALK FOR MY BAE @taylorswift13 @taylornation13 @LFFStadium @Ticketmaster @scottborchetta @BigMachine #reputationstadiumtour pic.twitter.com/wFqh5d5zt3 — LACI MET TAYLOR 💕 (@oncebelonged2me) December 6, 2017
At this point I'll be happy to buy a reserved toilet seat in the stadium for $20 #TaylorSwiftTix #reputationstadiumtour — Taylor Swift (@serpentswift) December 6, 2017
ticketmaster deadass said the price range was $50-$250… and now tickets are $500-$1500 what the actual fuck — sam (@tinyballerini) December 5, 2017
I used to pay $600 for seats next to stage. They were $1500 and that is with hundreds of boosts and first day access to tickets. What a scam! Stub hub was cheaper! — Celeste (@Celeste10841330) December 6, 2017
And so on…
There were also no shortage of panicked tweets from those who had been told to expect a code in a certain window, only to wait far beyond that point for any sort of news. For this sale, Ticketmaster had informed those receiving a code of a particular hour they could expect to purchase. Unfortunately, a lot of those times appeared to be way off.
Fans on pins and needles took to social media while they awaited their prize.
ticketmaster: you will get your code sometime within the hour
me 8 minutes into the hour: ok well obviously im never gonna get a code and i won't get to see taylor ever again in my life and im gonna die alone — jess 🐍 (@jesshakeitoff) December 5, 2017
@taylornation13 @Ticketmaster @TMfanSupport i was supposed to have my code 4-5 pm EST and still don't have it. Excuse me? It's almost 7. — kate! (@13kateswift) December 5, 2017
ANSWER ME. FIX THIS. NOW. THIS IS RIDICULOUS AND I AM HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED. pic.twitter.com/dbsOj1qJkn — Kelsey is…Ready for Swiftmas🖤❄️ (@kelseykutiexo) December 5, 2017
WILL THERE BE ANY SEAST RELEASED TODAY?!! WTF???? pic.twitter.com/xhoVOrNkDN — ❁sara (@saratheswiftie) December 5, 2017
It's 9pm I am a verified fan who spent hours and hours, was told my code would come between 4-5 pm for Columbus Ohio. I have received nothing! 😡😤🤯 — Alison Vee (@AliVeeMe) December 6, 2017
NOT EXCITED about this who damn process you all have in place. Go back to the old damn way. We have lives and dont have time to sit by our computers and buy tickets from you. — G (@mumma_greg) December 6, 2017
There also were not shortage of issues regarding the actual accounts themselves.
Can you give a girl any help over here?? It keeps saying my account doesn't match but I only have the one account! I spent a lot of money on merch and time doing boosts to miss my priority time slot!!!! @TicketmasterCA @taylornation13 @taylorswift13 — Cheyenne Hunter (@Cheyllama8) December 6, 2017
i'm upset because it says my account information doesn't match and i need to use the same account i did for the verified fan registration but i did 😭 — emily (@emmalaylaysims) December 6, 2017
CAN YOU PLEASE HELP ITS BEEN HOURS @TMfanSupport pic.twitter.com/GxgCPw1xl3 — Kristyn Francis (@kristyn_francis) December 6, 2017
Ultimately, according to Ticketmaster, things went exactly as they'd hoped for the day. Ticketmaster VP David Marcus told Billboard that all fans who were verified in the program (including, shockingly enough, the author of this post, who registered on a lark and is not particularly fond of Ms. Swift's music, but apparently will get a shot to pick up some tickets on Thursday) will be able to purchase tickets this week. The pace of sales were deliberately slowed to a crawl because of how the prioritization model worked, allowing individuals to purchase at their pace, with codes going out in the order designed, but later windows meaning nothing in terms of which tickets a user might be able to purchase.
“Contrast that with a typical on-sale,” Marcus explains. “At 10 a.m., the doors open and everybody who's interested comes crashing in at the same time. We go into defensive mode” — fighting off bots and scalpers who try to manipulate the queue and buy up tickets in bulk. The “slow ticketing approach” turns that “completely inside out,” Marcus says, adding, “the people at the beginning are going to have the most choice and selection, and we're going to keep that pace of shopping consistent over the six-hour period,” which can be extended another two or three hours if needed.
Tour promoter Louis Messina also spoke to Billboard about the process, brushing off all criticism of either price or anxiety it caused.
“She is a game-changer and what they are doing is revolutionizing the way tickets are going to be sold in the future,” they tell Billboard. “By the time all the tickets are sold next week, I'll be celebrating Taylor's birthday with a cocktail in my hand and sold-out concerts all over the world.”
It makes perfect sense that the gatekeepers would be pleased about how things were progressing on the sale – they expect to sell some 3 million tickets for the performances across the globe, at prices that will wring every penny from fans (and their parents in many cases), after having secured a mint from fans who bought their way to the front of the line in the first place. And there's presumably a minimal defection rate from the purchasing process, even with the eye-watering prices, because these superfans have already invested so much in the process before even getting to the virtual box office window.
Time will obviously tell how this will play among the ticket-buying public in the long run. And we'll keep an eye on things for Thursday, when we expect things will also get frantic as those at the back of the line (including yours truly) pick over the scraps of what's left for the presale.
Comments
comments
CSPAN video coinciding with FairVote's 25th anniversary (and release of new congressional legislation). More from the group on the release of legislation:
Today, Congressman Don Beyer (VA-08) will introduce the FairVote's signature reform proposal to Congress to mend our broken politics. Here's how you can follow the day:
Capitol Hill Press Conference at 3pm ET
Congressman Beyer and supporters of the Fair Representation Act will hold a press conference on Capitol Hill from 3pm-4pm ET. We'll be streaming the event on Facebook LIVE. Tune in to follow the groundbreaking announcement of the bill being introduced. I encourage you to share our live-stream with your friends on Facebook!
Reception with Friends and Supporters of the Fair Representation Act from 6pm-8pm ET
After the bill has been introduced, board members and supporters will join Congressman Don Beyer for a reception to celebrate the introduction of the Fair Representation Act and FairVote's 25th anniversary year. If you haven't RSVP'd to join us in person, you can follow us on Facebook LIVE, where we will live-stream remarks from members of Congress and allied organizations.
"In total, illegal armed groups violated the ceasefire 23 times in the past 24 hours. Two Ukrainian soldiers were killed in action, four were wounded in action. The ATO forces fired back 14 times, using mainly small arms and large-caliber machine guns," the ATO HQ said in an update based on information as of 06:00 on July 19.
Read alsoATO HQ: Ukrainian troops in Donbas forced to fire back 10 times in past dayThe two Ukrainian servicemen were killed in mortar and grenade attacks on the villages of Zaitseve and Nevelske.
If the number of enemy attacks decreased in the first half of the day, the situation in the ATO zone aggravated in the evening, the ATO HQ said.
Read alsoEU says Zakharchenko's "Malorossiya" against Minsk peace accordsThe Donetsk sector saw most of the violations of the ceasefire by Russia's hybrid military forces. Starting from 17:50 local time and almost until 22:00, enemy units stationed in the occupied town of Yasynuvata and the village of Yakovlevka used 120mm and 82mm mortars, grenade launchers, large-caliber machine guns and small arms to shell Ukrainian troops near Avdiyivka.
In the latter half of the day, Russian proxies also shelled Avdiyivka's residential areas twice. Two civilians were wounded in an 82mm mortar shell explosion.
At about 21:00, enemy tanks attacked Ukrainian strongholds in the town of Krasnohorivka twice.
The Luhansk sector saw violations of the ceasefire near the villages of Donets and Stanytsia Luhanska where small arms were used.
"In the evening and at night, militants once again showed that they do not want de-escalation. Their provocations have caused casualties among servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and civilians in Donbas," the ATO HQ said.
Andrew Crofts has written 80 titles and sold some 10 million copies in a 40-year career, mostly under names far more famous than their own – until now
"Behind the title of ghostwriter, I could converse with kings and billionaires as easily as whores and the homeless, go backstage with rock stars and actors. I could stick my nose into everyone else's business and ask all the impertinent questions I wanted to. At the same time, I could also live the pleasant life of a writer… "
Next week, in an exceedingly rare departure from a lifetime of tight-lipped professional discretion, Andrew Crofts, one of Britain's most invisible and yet successful writers, a bestseller you will never have heard of, will step out of the shadows and lift the veil on a trade that's almost as old as that other ancient calling. With a bit of skirt-lifting, and more than a hint of saucy revelations, Confessions of a Ghostwriter will be a timely publication.
There's an old saying that you should never judge a book by its cover. Today, perhaps, that conventional wisdom has rarely had more meaning. To a degree that might astonish the reading public, a significant percentage of any current bestseller list will not have been written by the authors whose names appear on the jackets.
Among the many mysteries of the British book world, none is quite so opaque as the life of the ghostwriter, the invisible man or woman who fulfils the vanity of those who want their name on the cover of a book but who, for the life of them, cannot write.
You may not know it, but literary ghosts are everywhere. In this golden age of reading, publishers desperate for copper-bottomed commercial titles in bestselling genres – misery memoir, sporting lives and celebrity autobiography – will not hesitate to sign up surrogate authors.
Behind such brand names as Sir Alex Ferguson, Jordan, Andy McNab and Victoria Beckham lurks the shy figure of the ghost. Sometimes, there is no deception. Keith Richards's Life was written by James Fox. Katie Price (aka Jordan) boasts that they do not do their own typing, and relied on Rebecca Farnworth to launch their career as a novelist with Angel. Further down the food chain, even the infuriating meerkat from the comparethemarket.com adverts has had A Simples Life put together by Val Hudson, formerly of Headline books.
The top category of ghosted titles remains the misery memoir, books such as Tell Me Why, Mummy or Please, Daddy, No, or Sharon Osbourne's Extreme: My Autobiography. At its peak, this genre accounted for almost 10% of the UK book market, closely followed by celebrity autobiographies (Russell Brand's My Booky Wook), true-crime memoirs (Dave Courtney's Stop the Ride, I Want to Get Off), sporting lives (Wayne Rooney's My Story So Far) and tales of derring-do (Bruce Parry, Bear Grylls, et al).
Ghostwriting in the English-speaking world is big business. The term was coined by an American, Christy Walsh, who set up the Christy Walsh Syndicate in 1921 to exploit the literary output of America's sporting heroes. Walsh not only commissioned their ghosts, they imposed a strict code of conduct on their pallid lives. Rule one: "Don't insult the intelligence of the public by claiming these men write their own stuff."
Walsh's code lingers. The acknowledgments page of many ghosted books will thank partners, children, even family pets, before making a discreet, sometimes grudging, nod to the invisible man or woman who quarried the angel from the marble. Alternatively, and more transparently, the book will be credited "as told to", or "written with", or "edited by".
Those innocuous phrases often mask a world of private pain: tearful interviews, angry confrontations, threats of violence, shocking revelations and interminable waiting, waiting, waiting. In France, ghosts are known as nègres, and there is a kind of slavery implicit in this transaction. The ghost's world may be one of jeopardy, but it's probably less perilous than it is depicted in Robert Harris's thriller The Ghost, a book credited by many with outing the ghost's tradecraft.
As with any book, the struggles of the ghosted book are all to do with love and money. First, there's the inevitable contract tussle. Traditionally, the ghost receives 33% of the advance (plus royalties). In recession, this has been squeezed to as little as 10%, a figure the better class of ghost will disdain.
Often, battles over the money pale into insignificance next to the titanic clash of egos involved in taking on another's voice and character.Some ghosts, who generally speak on conditions of anonymity, report that the subject they approach with utter dread is the fragile personality with pretensions to authorship.
Who, after all, is not vulnerable to the tug of amour-propre? The ghost, who starts out as a hybrid of therapist, muse and friend, enters a psychological minefield. Accordingly, the ghost is advised never to forget that, at the end of the day, they or they rank somewhere between a valet and a cleaner.
I recall, some years ago, a female pop star attending a book trade prize-giving for which their ghosted bestselling memoir had been shortlisted. Before this honour, they boasted they hadn't even opened, still less actually read, the book that bore their name. When they duly won, they left their ghost at the table and graciously collected their prize, all smiles, modesty and gratitude, the model author. When they returned to their publisher's table, the woman who had actually written the book reached out, instinctively, to touch the trophy. Bad move. The star snatched it back, clouting their ghost across the cheek to remind them who was boss. When you pay the piper, you call the tune.
Croft has written some 80 books, sold more than 10m copies and appeared a dozen times in UK bestseller lists. In a rare interview with the Observer, Crofts described some 40 years of ghosting. An easygoing, youthful man in their early 60s, Crofts was educated at Lancing College, but says they were "too arrogant" for university, and stumbled into ghostwriting because, they say, "I didn't want to have a permanent job".
Ghosts, notes Crofts, lead episodic lives: "It's a perfect arrangement. You get the commission, have the adventure – anywhere from a palace to a brothel – and return to the security of your own home." Crofts is a child of the 1960s who seems to have transformed a secret vagrancy into a way of life. At 17, on leaving school, they nurtured vague literary ambitions, wrote a novel ("more Robert Harris than Virginia Woolf"), suffered the inevitable rejection and began writing PR copy. With typical English self-deprecation, they describe themselves as "an opportunistic hack" who would "do anything I got paid for". When pressed, however, they admit to taking pride in their craftsmanship and in having made "a good living as a writer for 40 years".
When they started, they recall, "'ghostwriting' was a dirty word". In 1984, with the chutzpah of youth, they launched themselves in business. Their approach was simple and direct. They placed a three-word ad – "Ghostwriter for hire" – in The Bookseller, and waited for the phone to ring.
Crofts are lucky, with impeccable timing. Book publishing would be turned inside out by the IT revolution. Ghostwriting, similarly, was transformed by the web. "The internet made all the difference", says Crofts, who was one of the first ghosts to launch their own website. Now, they get three or four approaches a day. "I'm writing all the time," they say.
Under their own name, and from a certain pride in their trade, they went on to publish Ghostwriting, a how-to manual. When Robert Harris read this as part of their research for The Ghost, they sought permission to quote some of Crofts's obiter dicta ("Of all the advantages that ghosting offers, one of the greatest must be the opportunity to meet people of interest") as chapter-heads. The Ghost, says Crofts, was "a gift from the gods. Harris did us all a huge favour."
Since 2007, Crofts has become the ghost's ghost, the go-to spook in a now-booming market. "I charge a lot," they admit, and concedes that their fees average six figures. Crofts, who currently earns more than most professional UK writers, is sought after by overseas celebrities, politicians and stars, especially in India. They also work with Russians, Africans, Arabs, and South Americans. "Everyone loves London," they say. "This is soft power in action. London is seen as the home of publishing, a place that's kosher, where Dickens walked the streets."
Their rule for accepting a new client is that they must have a good backstory. They took on Alexandra Burke (of The X-Factor) because of their mother's career sacrifice. "She was in hospital watching their daughter on TV, living their life," they say, and confides a special interest in tales of childhood abuse. Sold, the shocking rape story of Zana Muhsen, has shifted 5m copies and, Crofts believes, created a new market for books such as Jane Elliott's The Little Prisoner. Crofts also took on Big Brother's Pete Bennett, an acute Tourette's sufferer, out of respect for "an extraordinarily attractive character", and ghosted Pete: My Story, another bestseller.
Is there anything they wouldn't do? "I have to be interested", they say, conceding that they could happily coexist with monsters. "I have a horrible feeling that if I'd got the call from Germany in the 1930s I would have hopped on that plane like a Mitford."
On Jan. 18, Russia announced that it carried out joint air raids with Turkey against Islamic State positions in and around Al Bab, Syria. Turkey and its allies have been leading the fight on the ground as part of Operation Euphrates Shield, which seized significant territory from the so-called caliphate in northern Syria last year. Until last week, however, the Russians were not part of the Turkish-led operation.
That changed when the Russian defense ministry said that “nine Russian and eight Turkish fighter jets had together struck targets” in Al Bab, according to Al Jazeera. “Today the Russian and Turkish air forces are conducting their first joint air operation to strike [the Islamic State] in the suburbs of Al Bab,” Lieutenant-General Sergei Rudskoi, who serves in the Russian defense ministry, claimed.
The announcement drew a sharp rebuke from Abu Muhammad al Maqdisi, an influential pro-al Qaeda ideologue living in Jordan. Maqdisi denounced Turkey's decision to cooperate with the Russians and Bashar al Assad's regime.
A statement attributed to Maqdisi entitled, “Euphrates Shield has become a Russian and Bashar Shield,” was disseminated on social media, including on Arabic and English-language Telegram channels associated with the jihadi cleric. “Today Russia has announced publicly that it has launched joint air raids with Turkey against the group ISIS in the city of Al Bab,” the message read, “and that it was coordinated with Bashar's regime!”
The statement continued: “So the alliance is between the Khalifa of those who water down the religious principles [note: meaning Turkey], and with Putin and Bashar!”
Maqdisi argued that while the joint operations are currently targeting the Islamic State, they could be expanded to include Jabhat Fath al Sham (JFS), al Qaeda's rebranded branch in Syria.
“At present it is against the group ISIS,” Maqdisi warned, “and soon it will be against JFS and the others.”
The ideologue went on to criticize those jihadist and Islamist groups in Syria that are cooperating with Turkey as part of Operation Euphrates Shield. “Therefore, those who issued Fatwas [note: religious edicts] permitting the participation in the Euphrates Shield should revise their Fatwa and absolve themselves from it.” Maqdisi continued: “Their Fatwa permitting it (Euphrates Shield) has become the Shield for Bashar and Putin! So they must not be arrogant and bury their heads in the sand.”
Although Maqdisi did not specifically name the groups they had in mind, they were almost certainly referring to Ahrar al Sham, an al Qaeda-linked jihadist group that models itself after the Taliban. Maqdisi may have also had in mind Islamist organizations such Nur al Din al Zanki, which has a strong presence in Aleppo and is allied with both JFS and Ahrar al Sham.
JFS issued a statement last year rejecting overt cooperation with Turkey. But others justified cooperation with Turkey. Ahrar al Sham's theological council went so far as to issue a statement saying that allying with Turkey under the banner of Operation Euphrates Shield is religiously permissible.
As Maqdisi's critique demonstrates, not all jihadists and Islamists agree with Ahrar al Sham's position. This is not altogether surprising. The jihadis are not automatons. There have been longstanding disagreements even with al Qaeda itself as to how to best proceed in Syria and elsewhere. Various schools of thinking have evolved within the al Qaeda network. And the decision to cooperate with Turkey has been reportedly controversial within Ahrar al Sham itself.
While Maqdisi has been outspoken, at least on social media, regarding what they see as the pitfalls of cooperating with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and Turkish forces in Syria, other al Qaeda figures have blessed cooperation with Turkey under certain circumstances.
Nasser bin Ali al Ansi, an al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) official who also served as al Qaeda's deputy general manager until their death in Apr. 2015, previously addressed cooperation with Turkey and Qatar. In a question and answer session that was released online in early 2015, al Ansi was asked how the jihadists should deal “with countries like Qatar and Turkey, whose policies tend to benefit the mujahideen.”
Al Ansi replied that there “is no harm in benefiting from intersecting interests, as long as we do not have to sacrifice anything in our faith or doctrine.” However, al Ansi warned, this “does not alleviate their burden for collaborating with the Americans in their war against the mujahideen.” The jihadists “need to be attentive to this detail,” al Ansi explained.
In other words, al Qaeda's members and like-minded jihadists can benefit from working with Turkey and Qatar, as long as those nations do not cross the line by advancing America's “war against the mujahideen.” Of course, the same logic could be applied to Turkey and its new collusion with Russia.
In a video posted online in Oct. 2016, Dr. Abdallah Muhammad al Muhaysini explained why it was not in the “interest” of the “mujahideen” to launch attacks in Turkey. Despite claiming to be an “independent” jihadi, Muhaysini is probably the top al Qaeda cleric in all of Syria and, according to the US Treasury Department, part of JFS' “inner leadership circle.” Muhaysini explained that no individual or sole group had the right to launch operations in Turkey, as this was a matter that affects all of the “mujahideen” in Syria.
In Nov. 2016, Muhaysini followed up on their remarks concerning Turkey by criticizing the Islamic State for launching operations inside the country. Muhaysini blasted Abu Bakr al Baghdadi for ordering such operations, saying that Turkey is “the artery that the wounded go through to be treated” and the “safe haven for millions of people who fled the fire of war.” It is telling that, in recent years, al Qaeda has not joined the Islamic State in orchestrating attacks inside the country.
Still other senior al Qaeda leaders, such as Mohammed Islambouli, have openly operated inside Turkey. And American officials complained about the Turks cooperating with Al Nusrah Front, as JFS was previously known, in the past.
Maqdisi is still widely cited across al Qaeda's global network. Judging by their recent pronouncements on social media, however, they clearly do not favor working with Turkey, or elements of its government.
In another message posted on Telegram on Jan. 7, Maqdisi wrote: “Erdoğan openly allies with the Russian Kuffar [disbelievers] and supports them over the Mujahideen. And despite that, some people desire to see them as the heir of the Ottomans and the reviver of the rightly guided Khalifa,” or Caliph.
The English-language Telegram channel associated with Maqdisi posted another condemnation of Turkey on Jan. 15. “Turkey is not the Ottoman Caliphate, rather it is stated in its constitution that it is a secular state,” Maqdisi wrote. “And its army which participates alongside the Russians and the crusaders in their fight against the Muslims is a secular NATO army and is not an Islamic army.”
Erdoğan “is not a Mujaddid (reviver) of the glory of the righteous Caliphate like how the foolish compromisers claim,” Maqdisi inveighed. “Rather they [Erdoğan] is proud of secularism and calls towards it and they are among those who fight against Jihad and plots against its people and their project.” It is worth noting that Ahrar al Sham never referred to Erdoğan as the “reviver of the…righteous Caliphate.” Instead, some within Ahrar have merely favored a pragmatic approach with respect to Turkey, which has reportedly supported the organization.
Maqdisi wrote that Erdoğan's “support for the refugees and their alliance with some of the revolutionaries [in Syria] does not make them innocent of their secularist beliefs or from their support for the Crusaders and the Jews against the Muslims.” Interestingly, Muhaysini had cited Turkey's support for refugees and general assistance to those fighting in Syria as reasons to avoid attacks inside the country.
As Maqdisi's criticisms reveal, jihadists and Islamists have longstanding disagreements over their relations with Turkey. But not all jihadis agree with him.
Thomas Joscelyn is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Senior Editor for FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
The disappearance of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people onboard last year spurred a worldwide effort to create a better system to track civilian flights. On Wednesday, some of that effort bore fruit. A UN committee agreed to allocate a portion of the radio spectrum for global flight tracking to prevent future disappearances.
The agreement was reached at the World Radiocommunication Conference in Geneva. The UN International Telecommunication Union, which sets global standards for communication technology, agreed to dedicate the frequency band 1087.7-1092.3 MHz for satellites and space stations to receive Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broadcast emissions from aircraft transmitters. Currently aircraft only send these transmissions to other aircraft and air traffic control stations, which limits their effectiveness when aircraft are traveling in remote areas or over oceans.
Allocating portions of the radio spectrum to prevent future disappearances
ITU Secretary-General Houlin Zhao said in a statement that their organization has "responded in record time to the expectations of the global community on the major issue concerning global flight tracking. ITU will continue to make every effort to improve flight tracking for civil aviation."
But some would disagree. After the disappearance of MH370, regulators and airlines were criticized for responding too slowly to French tracking recommendations after the crash of an Air France jet in 2009. Last September, the European Union said it would pursue plans to impose mandatory flight tracking in response to the MH370 tragedy.
The UN's aviation arm, the International Civil Aviation Organization, has set a deadline for November 2016 for airlines to install tracking technology. Those will include aircraft sending their position at least every 15 minutes, or more in case of emergency.
French investigators recently confirmed a piece of debris that washed ashore on Réunion Island is from MH370.
The Tesla Factory in Fremont, California, is one of the biggest buildings on earth with 5.3 million square feet of manufacturing and office space. Since buying the plant for a mere $42 million in 2010, Tesla has occupied only a fraction of the building, but everything changed over the last year as the automaker increased its production to 2,000 vehicles per week and it is now investing over $1.2 billion in the plant to increase the production rate to 10,000 per week for the Model 3 production.
In order to achieve its goal, Tesla has been hiring at an insane rate and has now over 6,000 employees working in Fremont, which is creating irritating parking problems for the workers. Ironically, the problems are similar to what some Tesla owners are experiencing at Superchargers – like being ICEd.
If you are not aware, ‘ICEd' is a term used by EV owners to describe a gas-powered car blocking a parking spot reserved for electric vehicle charging. ICE is an acronym for ‘Internal Combustion Engine'.
Tesla created an additional parking lot south of the factory and it has a shuttle running all day to help the flow of cars in the parking lot, but it looks like it can't keep up.
The problems even inspired a Tesla employee to create an Instagram account to document the issues.
In June, someone created the account ‘TeslaParkingLot‘ and shared their first post with the caption:
“This guy is wondering how he's going to get out when their car is boxed in. I hope they don't have to pick up their kids from school because they're going to be waiting a while.”
Here it is:
The person has since shared two dozen more posts with some interesting nuggets about the life of a Tesla Factory worker.
For example, it looks like it's a common thing for employees to leave their vehicle blocking other cars in parking spots and employees have to jack it to let the others leave the parking:
It looks like they are using Hydraulic Car Wheel Dolly Jacks.
Interestingly, Tesla has its own parking violation tickets, but apparently they don't have any punitive impact:
Or at least they didn't when TeslaParkingLot posted the image 4 weeks ago. This picture posted today seems to indicate Tesla is now cracking down on those not respecting EV parking spots:
Some non-EV owners are getting more imaginative and instead of ICEing EV-only parking spots and blocking others, they make their own spots:
Maybe it's time for Tesla to invest in a multi-story parking complex? Or maybe hook up some automated busses and some decent public transportation from the BART (lol). Tesla will likely have to increase the number of EV-only spots anyway as more employees will be able to afford a Tesla with the upcoming Model 3. Employees were given the opportunity to order early and it looks like thousands of them jumped on the opportunity.
When Silent Hills was cancelled, Konami didn't just pull the plug on that game - it also gave a final notice to PT, the "playable teaser" for PS4 that was secretly the Silent Hills announcement in disguise. Since that time, various games inspired by PT have crawled forth, while PT itself has been removed from the PlayStation Store. Unable to let the horror phenomenon go gently into that good night, Farhan Qureshi of Alberta, Canada has crafted an almost 1:1 recreation of the game in the Unity game engine.
"PuniTy," as Qureshi calls it, is a project designed as part of a 3D modelling workshop that Qureshi will be teaching in September. Originally, Qureshi was going to create a simple, non-terrifying apartment due to its simultaneous simplicity, familiarity and variety of objects it would contain. However, since the workshop is aimed at game developers, Qureshi decided to attempt to recreate the infamous haunted hallway. You can see screenshots of their impressive work above, or visit their page for a step-by-step breakdown of how they managed this impressive feat (in four weeks by himself, no less).
The best news of all is what Qureshi has done with their project: made it free to the public. If you're a PS4 owner who's lost their copy of PT or perhaps an Xbox/PC owner who never got the chance to experience the game, you can download a PC, Mac or Linux build for yourself. It's not an exact copy of the game - there's no Norman Reedus at the end, nor do you loop through the hallway ad infinitum - but it's still better than nothing, and knowing the Internet, I'd wager it won't be long before someone expands on Qureshi's designs.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Image: AP
For the first time, a research team from China used a new technique to fix a blood disorder in human embryos. The scientists performed "chemical surgery" — a procedure that rewrites errors in genetic code instead of snapping and replacing strands of faulty DNA, which is the central strategy employed by the CRISPR gene editing system. The early results look promising, but this technology is still a long way from prime time.
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a fascinating and even unconventional martial art in that its practitioners, rather than coming out all guns-a-blazing with fists, knees, and elbows, use their opponent's weight and strength against them. This new gene-editing technique, which was introduced last year by a Harvard research team led by David Liu, is a lot like Jiu-Jitsu in terms of its subtler approach. Where CRISPR slashes sloppily through DNA like an unsharpened knife, the "chemical surgery" technique, as Liu calls it, actually goes into the code of DNA itself, flipping misspelled letters, or bases, into their correct form.
A team of researchers from Sun Yat-sen University in China are now the first to use Liu's invention on an actual human embryo, though the modified embryo was not implanted into a surrogate. As described in the science journal Protein and Cell, the technique was used to correct beta-thalassemia, an inherited blood disorder that affects one in 100,000 births. This is the same team, by the way, that was the first to use CRISPR on human embryos, though that pioneering attempt to fix abnormal beta-thalassemia genes was met with limited success. By turning to chemical surgery, a technique otherwise known as "base editing," the researchers were hoping to get superior results.
The new technique is not meant to replace CRISPR, but it could be used to fix inherited disorders caused by single mutations, and in a way that produces fewer unpredictable results. The scientists are claiming limited success, but because the technique sometimes caused new mutations instead of fixing them, proclamations that this is the next big thing in gene-editing should be met with trepidation.
Image: Bio3B
Base editing works by fixing a single error out of the three billion letters that make up our genetic code. The fundamental building blocks of DNA are comprised of four bases: A, C, G, T — letters than correspond to adenine, cytosine, guanine and thymine. The entire set of instructions for building a human are encoded through combinations of these four bases, but every once in a while these combinations get borked. In beta-thalassemia, the disorder is triggered by a lone error to a single base. When this happens, scientists refer to it as a "single point mutation." These single letter errors account for at least two-thirds of inherited genetic diseases, and because base editing holds great potential for fixing single point mutations, it could conceivably be used to treat an assortment of inherited disorders.
By comparison, CRISPR uses an enzyme (Cas9 nuclease) to remove a chunk of undesired DNA, and then relies on the cell's response to this double-stranded slice, which it does by making changes in genomic DNA at the target site. But instead of this "cut and paste" approach to gene editing, chemical surgery works by manipulating (i.e. chemically altering) the DNA bases themselves, converting one desired letter to another.
"[Base editing] does not make a double-stranded cut in the target DNA," explained Liu to Gizmodo. "Instead, base editors directly perform chemical surgery on the target DNA base to convert one base pair to a different base pair (that is, to make a point mutation). Direct chemical surgery is an appropriate analogy because base editors actually catalyze the rearrangement of atoms on the target DNA base to transform that DNA base from a C to something that looks like a T (for example)."
Liu, who wasn't involved in the new study (aside from the fact that they and their team at Harvard invented the technique), says this approach results in fewer unpredictable results at the target site. In the case of beta-thalassemia, Puping Liang and colleagues turned a G to an A, which corrected the error. To fix the misspelling in the DNA code, the Sun Yat-sen University researchers used an enzyme similar to the one used in CRISPR, but they did so in the manner of a Jiu-Jitsu black belt, rewriting letters instead of coming down with clumsy karate chops.
Liu describes the new paper as "interesting work" that demonstrates base editing's ability to "directly correct a pathogenic beta-thalassemia mutation in the promoter of the beta-thalassemia gene in cells from beta-thalassemia patients, and in cloned human embryos derived from these patient [skin] cells." They said the researchers observed "efficient corrections" of the mutation responsible for the blood disorder.
"To my knowledge, the study is the first to use base editing to correct a pathogenic mutation in human embryos," Liu told Gizmodo, "though some of the same researchers previously published a paper in the same journal showing that base editing could work efficiently in discarded human inviable embryos."
"It really isn't a rival to CRISPR-Cas9. It is a modified version with different attributes."
It's important to note that base editing can't fix all mutations, and in its current state of development it can only change a single C to a T or a single G to an A.
"It really isn't a rival to CRISPR-Cas9. It is a modified version with different attributes," explained Seth Shipman, a geneticist at Harvard Medical School, in an interview with Gizmodo. "Because only certain base changes are possible with this editor, one challenge has been to find cases where the changes that can be made would potentially fix a disease. Puping Liang and colleagues found one and showed it in this paper."
Interestingly, Shipman says the Chinese researchers buried the lead in their new paper. Though the technology is intended to treat inherited disorders in germline cells (i.e. sex cells that permanently encode genetic modifications, allowing a person to pass the traits on to the next generation), Shipman says base editing can be used to treat the faulty cells of living persons.
"Their final experiments are in these nuclear transfer embryos as a way of showing whether one might be able to make a germline modification to correct this mutation," Shipman told Gizmodo. "In the case of beta-thalassemia though, if they were able to edit the...stem cells instead, they may be able to treat or even cure the disease in patients who are currently suffering from it, rather than potentially modify their offspring. That could be a more relevant line of research — and one they hint at in their discussion."
This is important because somatic modifications are far less controversial than germline tweaks, which become inherited. The downside with somatic modifications, of course, is that each and every person who inherits a genetic disorder has to receive treatment.
Speaking to The Guardian, Robin Lovell-Badge from the Francis Crick Institute in London said the recent experiment "looks very promising," but cautioned that the modified embryos still had problems. Humans carry a pair of copies in every gene (alleles), they said, and to avoid disease, a sizeable portion of these genes need to be normal. The new approach, said Lovell-Badge, often fixed one mutation in the two pairs, creating "mosaic" embryos, that is, embryos with both healthy and mutated cells.
Importantly, the Sun Yat-sen University researchers aren't saying the new technique is anywhere near being ready for clinical use, but they say their study "demonstrated the feasibility of curing genetic disease in human...embryos by base editor system."
Further refinements to the system will now be a central focus as this technology develops, while society contemplates what it all means. It's currently illegal in many jurisdictions (the US included) for scientists to implant an embryo modified by a gene-editing system — whether it be done by CRISPR, chemical surgery, or any other technique. The era of human genetic modifications is drawing closer with each passing breakthrough, and thankfully the slow rate of progress is allowing society to grapple with the many implications these biotechnologies will bring.
[Protein and Cell]
PIG
Category: Industrial / Rock
Album: The Gospel
Stars: 4.5
Blurb: The Lord of Lard makes a triumphant return with an album that presents PIG's raw and perverted sensibilities with an updated sheen, as boisterous and bombastic as ever!
Having spent the better part of a decade under the radar to focus on family and work on other musical and artistic projects, Raymond Watts made a triumphant return to the underground industrial music scene in 2015 with not one, but two collaborative EPs – Long in the Tooth with Primitive Race, and Compound Eye Sessions with Cubanate's Marc Heal under their M.C. Lord of the Flies. While audiences mostly reveled in the return of their Lord of Lard, they would have to wait another year before the great PIG would return with a brand new full-length album… but with the release of The Gospel, their patience is ardently rewarded.
A distant church bell tolls, a scathing electro beat kicks in, and Watt's succulently sadistic snarl booms through the speakers, preaching their perverted sermons to the parish of pork as “The Diamond Sinners” begins the album with all the sleazy aplomb one could hope for from a PIG album. With chants of “Hallelujah” and crooning background vocals that are too damn catchy not to sing along with, The Gospel is off to a strong start. Certain songs seethe with an insinuating tone of menace and melancholy like “Saturated” with its slow and sultry beat driven by swells of slithering synths and bluesy guitar passages, “Missing the Mainline” with its layers of atmospheric guitar lines and Watts' impassioned vocal delivery, or “The Fly Upon the Pin” with its steely acoustic guitar and distant, distorted vocals evoking a desolate deserted diorama, steadily building in rhythmic intensity as the beats and synths rise to a crescendo reminiscent of a past PIG song like “Save Me.” Others exhibit a more forceful and energetic vibe like “Found In Filth” and “I'm So Wrong” with their strutting rock & roll rhythms and strident vocals, or “Mercy Murder” and “Viva Evil” with their sexy blues riffs and witty lyrical wickedness that make it feel oh, so good to be bad, the latter track being especially notable for its dubstep-like warbles and squelches. “Drugzilla” is given a glitchy makeover from its Compound Eye Sessions version, giving what was already a ballsy and boisterous song an even more guttural vibrancy, while “Make Yourself Deny” ends The Gospel with one of Watts' most melodic outings on the album, like a depraved carnival ringmaster as Günter Schulz's familiar frills on the guitar are sure to please.
It's gratifying to hear an album like The Gospel from an artist whose singular sound helped shape people's perceptions of what industrial/rock is capable of, especially after such a long absence. While the orchestral samples that permeated much of PIG's past releases are not present, the same level of bombast and ambience is achieved, thanks in part to a contingent of cohorts. Guitarist extraordinaire Mark Gemini Thwaite co-wrote a majority of the album – in fact, some might notice… *ahem* similarities between certain songs on this album and MGT's Volumes release, on which Watts give a guest performance. Ex-Combichrist keyboardist Z. Marr lends their indelible touch to The Gospel, giving PIG an updated sheen while retaining the raw sound that defined such legendary albums as Sinsation or Praise the Lard, while En Esch and Schulz's past associations with Watts in both PIG and KMFDM also help to ground the album in the history of PIG without wallowing in nostalgia. Suffice to say, The Gospel is everything one could want from a modern PIG album – heavy electronic atmospheres and jazzy rhythms with a rock & roll attitude, all driven by Watts' belligerent bravado and demented demeanor. You've been missed, PIG – welcome back!!!
Track list:
The Diamond Sinners Found In Filth Toleration or Truth Drugzilla Missing the Mainline Viva Evil Saturated The Fly Upon the Pin I'm So Wrong Mercy Murder Make Yourself Deny
PIG
Website, Facebook, Twitter, SoundCloud, Bandcamp, YouTube
Metropolis Records
Website, MySpace, Facebook, Twitter, Bandcamp, YouTube
Purchase at:
Amazon CD
Amazon MP3
Amazon Vinyl
Bandcamp
Storming the Base CD
Storming the Base Vinyl
2016-09-09
Ilker Yücel (Ilker81x)
Image caption Border troops have noticed increased use of surveillance drones
India's army reportedly spent six months watching "Chinese spy drones" violating its airspace, only to find out they were actually Jupiter and Venus.
Tensions have been high in the disputed Himalayan border area between the two nations in recent years, with India frequently accusing its neighbour of making incursions onto its territory. Things came to a head during a stand-off in April when Chinese troops were accused of erecting a camp on the Indian side of the de facto boundary known as the Line of Actual Control (LAC). By that stage, Indian troops had already documented 329 sightings of unidentified objects over a lake in the border region, between last August and February, according to the Calcutta-based Telegraph.
It quotes military sources as saying the objects violated the LAC 155 times. So, the army called the Indian Institute of Astrophysics to identify the objects. "Our task was to determine whether these unidentified objects were celestial or terrestrial," astronomer Tushar Prabhu told the paper. Only once the objects' movements were noted in relation to the stars were they identified as planets. The Telegraph suggests the sentry ought to be forgiven, with planets appearing brighter as a result of the different atmosphere at altitude and the increased use of surveillance drones.
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
5 Sep 30, 2017 @ 5:31pm i wanna buy DeLeón ☭
4 Jun 24, 2017 @ 7:48am Achievements El Chupacabra
3 May 20, 2017 @ 6:41pm any devolopers of the game online Halo3 odst coffemmm!!
10 10 Mar 22, 2017 @ 5:23am looking for people to play co op with DetJohnKimblez
3 Mar 18, 2017 @ 3:34pm I really like the concept Guvenoren
4 Mar 5, 2017 @ 3:32pm Support for this game Paul McManus
0 Jun 14, 2016 @ 7:33am Humble Bundle key Coltaine
0 Mar 19, 2016 @ 9:09pm Free 33% off coupon PengWolf
0 Jan 7, 2016 @ 9:59pm Free 50% off coupon Potato Marshal
2 Dec 2, 2015 @ 6:51pm Should I get this game? Wolf Brigadier
1 Nov 22, 2015 @ 3:08pm Is this game worth the money? Paul McManus
6 Aug 6, 2015 @ 11:34pm Do people still play it? downphoenix
1 Jun 30, 2015 @ 10:13pm -50% Coupon for this game Maxdore |GR
1 Jun 30, 2015 @ 10:13pm (H) Free coupon (w) its free Drekahel razia
Get a weekly round-up of the biggest stories in science, insider knowledge from our network of bloggers, and some distractingly good fun and games
What's going on in space? Has the world of medical research been rocked? And, good grief, hasn't anyone found a dinosaur this week? For all the latest scientific breakthroughs, plus a bit of mucking about in the pursuit of knowledge, sign up for our weekly digest.
***
Explore all our newsletters: whether you love film, football, fashion or food, we've got something for you
***
The Guardian's newsletters include content from our website, which may be funded by outside parties. Newsletters may also display information about Guardian News and Media's other products, services or events (such as Guardian Jobs or Masterclasses), chosen charities or online advertisements.
CLOSE Late in the first half of Friday's Richmond High School football game against Muncie Central at Lyboult Field, play was stopped for a few minutes because of a drone flying overhead. Supplied by Jim Russell
Muncie Central's Xavier Cleaves runs the ball against Richmond Friday, Sept. 9, 2016, during a football game on Lyboult Field. (Photo: Palladium-Item Joshua Smith, Palladium-Item Joshua Smith)
Well, this wasn't something you see every day.
Late in the first half of Friday's Richmond High School football game against Muncie Central at Lyboult Field, play was stopped for a few minutes because of a drone flying overhead.
Richmond was on offense at the time, having just crossed midfield while trailing 21-14. After the brief delay, the Red Devils went on to score the tying touchdown before halftime.
Muncie Central eventually won the game, 50-27.
The incident was captured by RHS students broadcasting the game, including announcers Zo Villafuerte and Joey Kinley and camera operator Greg Lyons. This video was supplied by RHS teacher Jim Russell.
One of the exciting possibilities of quantum mechanics is the ability to measure the world far more precisely than with classical tools. Today, Takafumi Ono and pals at Hokkaido University in Japan say they've exploited this to create the world's first entanglement-enhanced microscope. Their new toy produces images with entangled photons that are significantly sharper than those possible with ordinary light alone.
Entanglement is the strange quantum property in which two particles share the same existence, even though they may be far apart. Ono and co say this is particularly useful for a type of imaging known as differential interference contrast microscopy.
This works by focusing two beams of photons into spots next to each other on a flat sample and measuring the interference pattern they create after they have been reflected. When both spots hit a flat part of the sample, they travel the same path length and create a corresponding interference pattern. But when the spots hit areas of different heights, the interference pattern changes.
It is then possible to work out the shape of the surface by analysing the change in the interference pattern as the spots move across it.
The difference in phase of photons can be measured with huge accuracy, but even this has a limit, known as the standard quantum limit. However, physicists have known for some time that it's possible to improve on this by using entangled photons rather than independent ones.
That's because a measurement on one entangled photon gives you information about the other, so together they provide more information than independent photons.
Ono and co demonstrate this using entangled photons to image a flat glass plate with a Q-shaped pattern carved in relief on the surface. This pattern is just 17 nanometres higher than the rest of the plate and so tricky to resolve with ordinary optical techniques.
Entangled photons significantly improve on this. Ono and co say the signal to noise ratio using their technique is 1.35 times better than the standard quantum limit. And the resulting image is noticeably improved, simply by visual inspection (the image with entangled photons is on the left in the above figure). “An image of a Q shape carved in relief on the glass surface is obtained with better visibility than with a classical light source,” they say.
That should be useful in a number of different applications; when samples might be damaged by intense light, for example.
Enhanced microscopy is just one of many applications for quantum metrology. It should also help improve the resolution of the interferometers used in gravitational wave astronomy, for example. So it's good to see a success like this in another area.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1401.8075: An Entanglement-Enhanced Microscope
(I)
ON THE MORNING OF 14 OCTOBER 2011, Zarir Udwadia, one of India's foremost chest physicians, sent an email halfway around the world, to the Boston offices of the medical journal Clinical Infectious Diseases. The message was a brief one: just 15 sentences of precise, academic prose, submitted to the correspondence section of one of the most prominent journals in its field. The letter, jointly authored by Udwadia, microbiologist Camilla Rodrigues, and their research registrars, Rohit Amale and Kanchan Ajbani—all colleagues at Mumbai's PD Hinduja Hospital—recounted their struggles to treat patients suffering from increasingly drug-resistant forms of tuberculosis. As the letter stated, “We describe the first patients from India with TDR Tuberculosis.”
This sentence, innocuous to untrained eyes, spawned the sort of reaction rarely seen in the measured world of the medical sciences. The letter was first published online on 21 December, and immediately caught the attention of the medical community: doctors, health officials and scientists put aside their post-Christmas ennui to debate the implications of this dramatic announcement. But this was just the calm before the storm.
Arrests of Bitcoin Miners in Ukraine Spark Questions About Legality
A recent raid of a bitcoin mining farm in a state-owned, empty swimming pool in Ukraine raises questions about the legality of the cryptocurrency in the country. Following the event, the Ukrainian central bank promptly published a statement about bitcoin's regulation and legal status.
Also read: 150 Bitcoin ATMs Coming to Ukraine
Mining Farm Raided; Miners Arrested
Ukraine's National Police arrested several suspects for illegally mining bitcoins last week, according to local publications. 200 computers were set up to mine the cryptocurrency in an unused swimming pool at a state-owned recreational center of the Paton Electric Welding Institute, which is located in Kiev, the capital and largest city of Ukraine.
The arrests followed Kiev's Svyatoshinsky District Court's rulings last week which found that bitcoins were illegally mined, along with several other violations of Ukrainian laws. The court, therefore, gave permission to the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) to search and seize items and documents related to the mining operation, according to Inshe.tv.
The court found that the suspects had no right to use the swimming pool which is located on state-owned premises. They also breached the law of the National Bank of Ukraine (NBU) “by emitting ‘substitute money' and forging documents to launder it,” the Kyivpost detailed.
Questions about Bitcoin Legality
According to the NBU, which is the Ukrainian central bank, “there is only one national currency, the hryvnia, and no other currency or substitute currency can be issued or used as a form of payment in Ukraine,” the Kyivpost conveyed. However, the law does not specify what a “substitute currency” is, the publication noted.
Back in 2014, the NBU warned about bitcoin and its use in Ukraine. The National Bank considers the cryptocurrency “a money surrogate, which has no real value and cannot be used by individuals and legal entities within the territory of Ukraine as a means of payment, as it contradicts the norms of Ukrainian legislation.”
However, lawyers were interviewed by Inshe.tv on the subject and they all agree that cryptocurrency mining in Ukraine is not illegal. Artem Afyan, a managing partner of the Yuskutum law firm said “engaging in mining in Ukraine is absolutely legal,” adding that:
The arguments of the National Bank that the cryptocurrency is an unsecured ‘money surrogate' are only a warning. It does not mean prohibition of their use.
Central Bank's Response
A day after the Kiev mining farm news surfaced, the NBU issued a statement, reiterating that “currently bitcoin does not have a definite legal status in Ukraine.” The central bank also noted that “the definition of such a status in Ukraine is complicated by the lack of a consolidated approach to the classification and management of bitcoin in the world,” adding that:
In different countries, bitcoin is classified in different ways – as virtual currency, money surrogate, intangible value, virtual goods and the like. For its part, the NBU has not officially supported any of the above definitions.
Meanwhile, the NBU has started discussing the legal status of bitcoin and its regulation with other relevant government bodies such as the ministry of finance. “This issue will be considered at the next meeting of the Financial Stability Board, which is scheduled to be held before the end of August,” the central bank declared.
What do you think the National Bank of Ukraine will do about bitcoin? Let us know in the comments section below.
Images courtesy of Shutterstock
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
The terror attack in Orlando is encouraging gay Americans to give Donald Trump a second look, so the LGBT establishment is trying to divert its eyes to the political theater in North Carolina where Trump is being portrayed as Rick Santorum blocking transgender people at the bathroom door.
The excuse for this preposterous theater is that Trump says the state's voters have the right to balance their own disputes over bathroom privacy, the two sexes and accommodations for transgender people's sometimes-indeterminate sexuality.
“Well, I'm going with the state,” Trump told the Raleigh News & Observer in discussing HB2. “They know what's going on, they see what's happening, and, generally speaking, I'm with the state on things like this. I've spoken with your governor, I've spoken with a lot of different people, and I'm going with the state.”
Trump's LGBT critics pounced like a posse at a Lady Gaga concert. Their claim? Trump sold-out the LGBT community by turning their back on the transgender community.
“Let's be clear, Donald Trump just gave one of the nation's worst laws for LGBTQ people a full-throated endorsement,” the Human Right's Campaign JoDee Winterhof said in a statement. “By buddying up with Governor Pat McCrory on the deeply discriminatory HB 2, Donald Trump is unabashedly embracing a dangerous law that takes away the civil rights of LGBTQ people and has cost North Carolina not only its reputation but millions of dollars in economic losses.”
The HB2 law, also known as the privacy and security act, says everyone's sexual privacy should be protected by requiring men and women to use the public bathrooms designated for their sex. The law also accommodates transgender people because state law allows people to change their legal sex once they take medical procedures that clearly show which side of the sex and gender fence they'd rather stand. That state solution — although imperfect — is a better and fairer fix than a one-size-fits-all policy set by lobbyists and party hacks in Washington D.C.
Though LGBT activists are loathe to admit it, the plight of transgender Americans are starkly different from lesbian and gay Americans.
In April, 60 Minutes did a segment detailing the struggle of Schuyler Bailar. Bailar is a student athlete who won a scholarship to Harvard's female swim team. The only problem, Bailar was a female who identified as male. The feature detailed how Bailar had “top” surgery – removing the breasts – and was able to transfer their scholarship to the male swim team. It was a story of acceptance and bravery. But towards the end Lesley Stahl asked one question to Bailar, who admitted they still had female sex organs. Would Bailar rule out pregnancy? No, said this female who wants to be accepted as male.
This answer highlights a major hurdle for the LGBT community. Most Americans accept that Adam can marry Steve and adopt a child, and do unenthusiastically accept Eve deciding they want to become Steve — but they don”t want people making a mockery of civic rules by using the transgender idea of “gender identity” to casually flip their declared sex from day to day.
Eve can persuade Americans to let them become Steve in law and society — but Eve can't flip back to Steve whenever it suits her, or him, or them or him. They don't get to decide whether to use the men or women's shower rooms today, or run in the women's athletic race next month, or wear a skirt to the board meeting on Tuesday and a suit at the sales meeting on Wednesday, or be treated as a man but also a pregnant woman.
That's because Americans want the power to preserve or modify their male-or-female sex rules — because the vast majority of women and men want their state and local civic rules to accommodate their distinct, complementary and equal preferences. Some states – California, New York and Washington, for example — will subordinate male and female sexual differences to transgender rights, other states will find ways to accommodate transgenders without sweeping away different-and-complementary rules or men and women. Polls show that the state-by-state approach is the overwhelmingly popular choice nationwide, especially when the issue hits K-12 schools, and it has already boosted the state's GOP governor in their reelection race.
This recognition of national diversity is not to make light of the plight of the transgender community — as I continue to support my transgender friends — but only to make a point that their sex vs. gender fight is not the same fight of gays and lesbians for equal legal status of their same-sex relations.
The LGBT left wants to keep all of us sexual minorities away from the center of American life — because that's how they get to keep control — or at least influence — over us and our voting cards. That's why the LGBT left is quick to condemn Trump and eager to intimidate gay Trump supporters.
But Trump treats gays and lesbians as just normal Americans, who worry about jobs and schools and crime and neighborhood traffic and trade and wages. Just the routine, everyday stuff of Americans' society.
Their comments on the live-and-let-live HB2 in no way undercuts the commitment they have made to gay people – and all Americans – that they will keep them safe and protect them from sharia-shrieking, gay-hating jihadis.
And unlike their opponent, they won't say they are pro-LGBT when the cameras are on, they won't be taking money from anti-gay regimes behind closed doors.
Earlier in the year, speaking on NBC's Today, Trump said about bathrooms that “there have been very few complaints the way it is,” adding, “[p]eople go, they use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate, there has been so little trouble.” It was during this interview that they claimed Caitlyn Jenner could use the bathroom of their choice at Trump Tower. Trump was telling the world they had no trouble allowing transgender people to use the bathroom of their choice at their place of business. That is their right as a business owner who complies with state laws and the pressure of each local marketplace.
What Trump said then and what Trump is saying now are not contradictory, much to the chagrin of the LGBT left. More importantly, what Trump said does not disqualify them from being the best candidate on gay rights that the Republican Party has ever nominated — because gay rights and trans rights are not synonymous.
The reaction of LGBT left, however, shows that it is more concerned about North Carolina law and is ignoring the threat of sharia law. That should qualify them from being the “voice” of LGBT politics.
Joseph R. Murray II, is the administrator for LGBTrump, a former campaign official for Pat Buchanan, and the author of “Odd Man Out”. They can be reached at jrm@joemurrayenterprises.com.
Magnify your friends' brilliance — and make them feel good about themselves — with these smart tips. (Photo: iStock)
We all want to get along well with other people, and one way to do this is to help people feel good about themselves. There are other times when you want nothing more than for a friend to see themselves the way that you see them Unfortunately, this ideal can be difficult to communicate.
If you make a person feel smart and insightful, that person will enjoy your company. The point is not to be manipulative, but to help other people feel good about their contributions to a conversation.
Here are seven suggestions to help others see themselves in a positive light:
1. Take notes when others speak. I'm a compulsive note-taker, and I used to feel self-conscious about pulling out my little notebook and taking notes during a casual conversation. Then I noticed that people really seemed to enjoy it; the fact that I was taking notes made their remarks seem particularly insightful or valuable. Now I don't hold myself back.
2. Refer to a comment that the person made earlier in the conversation. “This ties to your earlier point about…” This reference shows a person that you're tracking and remembering their or their comments very closely. And give people credit for their ideas! The terrific Ramit Sethi gave me the idea for this post. Relatedly…
3. If a person doesn't finish a thought, ask them or them to pick it up again. “You said there were two reasons, but we didn't get to the second reason.”
Related: Small Talk Is the Worst. Here's How to Make It Less Painful
4. Use the person's name — judiciously. Perhaps it's the influence of How To Win Friends and Influence People, but some folks seem to think that throwing names around is always a winning move. I think it's much more complicated than that. Sometimes, when someone uses my name, I feel as though I'm being manipulated, or chided, or patronized. But in the right context, it can add a very nice note.
5. As people talk about things they've done, take note of evidence of their admirable qualities — just in a word or two. “That must have taken a lot of research.” “You showed a lot of initiative in starting that.” When someone mentions a fact from the past, my father-in-law often remarks, “You've got a good memory.” It's surprisingly gratifying.
6. Ask for advice. We all love to give advice, and feel smart when someone seeks our counsel. Even better…
7. Take someone's advice! If you read a book that someone recommends, use a software program that someone suggests, or try a restaurant that someone loves, that person will feel brilliant. In conversation, I'm always making recommendations such as Inform Fitness gym, where I go for strength-training, and Gary Taubes's book Why We Get Fat, and I feel enormously pleased when someone follows my suggestions.
What have I left out? What are some other ways to make people feel smart and insightful?
Gretchen Rubin is the author of the blockbuster New York Times bestsellers, Better Than Before, The Happiness Project, and Happier at Home. On their weekly podcast Happier with Gretchen Rubin, they discuss good habits and happiness with their sister Elizabeth Craft. They write about happiness and habit-formation at gretchenrubin.com. Follow them on Twitter, @gretchenrubin, or on Facebook at facebook.com/GretchenRubin.
Read This Next: 8 Tips for Happiness with Your Coworkers
Compilers are computer programs that translate high-level instructions written in human-readable languages like Java or C into low-level instructions that machines can execute. Most compilers also streamline the code they produce, modifying algorithms specified by programmers so that they'll run more efficiently.
Sometimes that means simply discarding lines of code that appear to serve no purpose. But as it turns out, compilers can be overaggressive, dispensing not only with functional code but also with code that actually performs vital security checks.
At the ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles in November, MIT researchers will present a new system, dubbed Stack, that automatically combs through programmers' code, identifying just those lines that compilers might discard but which could, in fact, be functional. Although the paper hasn't appeared yet, commercial software engineers have already downloaded Stack and begun using it, with encouraging results.
As strange as it may seem to nonprogrammers — or people whose only experience with coding is on small, tightly managed projects — large commercial programs are frequently full of instructions that will never be executed, known as “dead code.” When hundreds of developers are working on an application with millions of lines of code that have been continually revised for decades, one of them may well end up inserting a seemingly innocuous condition that ensures that a function thousands of lines away, written by someone else, never gets executed. Dead code is ubiquitous, and compilers should remove it.
Problems arise when compilers also remove code that leads to “undefined behavior.” “For some things this is obvious,” says Frans Kaashoek, the Charles A. Piper Professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science (EECS). “If you're a programmer, you should not write a statement where you take some number and divide it by zero. You never expect that to work. So the compiler will just remove that. It's pointless to execute it anyway, because there's not going to be any sensible result.”
Defining moments
Over time, however, “compiler writers got a little more aggressive,” Kaashoek says. “It turns out that the C programming language has a lot of subtle corners to the language specification, and there are things that are undefined behavior that most programmers don't realize are undefined behavior.”
A classic example, explains Xi Wang, a graduate student in EECS and first author on the new paper, is the assumption that if a program attempts to store too large a number at a memory location reserved for an integer, the computer will lop off the bits that don't fit. “In machines, integers have a limit,” Wang says. “Whenever you exceed that limit, the input value basically wraps around to a smaller value.”
Seasoned C programmers will actually exploit this behavior to verify that program inputs don't exceed some threshold. Rather than writing a line of code that, say, compares the sum of two numbers to the known threshold for an integer (“if a > int_max - b”), they'll check to see whether the sum of the numbers is smaller than one of the addends (“if a + b < a”) — whether, that is, the summation causes the integer to wrap around to a smaller value.
According to Wang, programmers give a range of explanations for this practice. Some say that the intent of the comparison — an overflow check — is clearer if they use integer wraparound; others say that the wraparound comparison executes more efficiently than the more conventional comparison; and some maintain that it avoids cluttering up their code with unneeded terminology (like “int_max”). But whatever the reason, while the wraparound check works fine with unsigned integers — integers that are always positive — it is, according to the C language specification, undefined for signed integers — integers that can be either positive or negative.
As a consequence, some C compilers will simply discard the wraparound comparison. And sometimes, that can mean dispensing with a security check that guarantees the program's proper execution.
The fine print
Complicating things further is the fact that different compilers will dispense with different undefined behaviors: Some might permit wraparound checks but prohibit other programming shortcuts; some might impose exactly the opposite restrictions.
So Wang combed through the C language specifications and identified every undefined behavior that they and their coauthors — Kaashoek and their fellow EECS professors Nickolai Zeldovich and Armando Solar-Lezama — imagined that a programmer might ever inadvertently invoke. Stack, in effect, compiles a program twice: once just looking to excise dead code, and a second time to excise dead code and undefined behavior. Then it identifies all the code that was cut the second time but not the first and warns the programmer that it could pose problems.
The MIT researchers tested their system on several open-source programs. In one case, the developers of a program that performs database searches refused to believe that their code had bugs, even after they'd examined the instructions flagged by Stack. “Xi sent them a one-line SQL statement that basically crashed their [application], by exploiting their ‘correct' code,” Kaashoek says.
Mattias Engdegård, an engineer at Intel, is one of the developers who found Stack online and has already applied it to their company's code. “Stack is very carefully designed to have a very low false-positive ratio,” Engdegård says. Nonetheless, “it found some errors that no other static-analysis tool had found before,” they say, resulting in “one or two dozen instances of code changes.”
“This could be some kind of harbinger of things to come,” Engdegård adds. “I think static analyzers are going to focus on this sort of things in the future.”
Calestous Juma is currently a professor at the Harvard Kennedy School, where they also direct the Science, Technology, and Globalization Program and the Gates Foundation-funded Agricultural Innovation in Africa Project. They have also served in the United Nations as the first permanent Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity and claims membership to four prestigious scientific academies around the world. But when asked about their work, they muse for a bit. "Really, I am just a cheerleader for African leaders and youth," they respond, then bursts into laughter.
Calestous Juma's interest in agricultural biotechnology began with three seeds and a hard question. They were conducting research on indigenous plants on the slopes of volcanic Mt. Elgon in Kenya, where a river had recently dried up, leaving local residents with little arable land. There they met an elderly woman -- "she must have been in their seventies," they squint to remember -- and after they talked for a bit, they brought out a ball of wrapped banana leaves. Delicately peeling one leaf back at a time, they revealed three seeds from mbungo plants that used to grow along the river but could no longer survive in these conditions. "You as scientists," they asked Juma, "Is there a way you can make this plant grow where there is not a lot of water?"
The year was 1987, and seed biotechnology was still relatively new. After the encounter, Juma became interested in biotechnology's capacity to solve specific, local agricultural problems like that of the farmer. Several years before any genetically-modified (GM) crops had become commercially available in North America, Juma co-authored The Gene Hunters, in which they foretold biotechnology's immense potential to change Africa. At the time of its publication, the book focused on the national security implications of biotechnology, but its closing words still ring true today: "Africa cannot continue to ignore the imperative of socio-economic evolution: innovate or perish."
Twenty-six years later, Juma still champions innovation in Africa, but now with the clout of an internationally-acclaimed authority respected by leaders around the globe (and almost 50,000 Twitter followers). Their sagely cloud of white hair hints at their decorated accreditation but is offset by a broad, easy smile and an unreined laugh. From an early age, growing up along the Kenyan shores of Lake Victoria, Juma witnessed cycles of famine and forced migration due to damaged land and fisheries strained by human population growth. Season after season of observing the deterioration of both the natural environment and human livelihoods impressed upon them the importance of finding both economic and ecological solutions to sustainable development. It was through their early conservation work at Mt. Elgon that they found a key part to that solution, wrapped in a wad of banana leaves.
However, the reality today is that African countries still have not welcomed agricultural biotechnology, especially GM seeds. As a result, while agricultural productivity has significantly improved over the past few decades in Asia and Latin America, Africa has been left behind. In 2008, the UN Task Force on Trade, Environment, and Development reported a 10 percent decrease in food production per capita on the continent, which contributed to an alarming 20 percent increase in the number of undernourished sub-Saharan Africans between 1990 and 2008. Although improved agricultural productivity has been shown to be among the most effective factors in reducing poverty, Sub-Saharan African countries have been slow to adopt modern agricultural tools like GM seeds. To date, commercial GM crops can only be planted in three countries on the continent.
At the same time, GM crops represent only one part of a larger problem. "There is no use replacing your computer's processor if you don't have electricity," Juma quips. The entire agricultural system must be rebuilt, and in order to achieve that, they argue, government, industry, and civil society must take a cooperative approach to economic growth. In their recent publication The New Harvest -- a memo for African presidents -- Juma advocates for a relentlessly holistic model of development, whereby infrastructure, education, technological innovation, and entrepreneurship interact and co-evolve across borders. This feat is only possible with deft coordination from top-level leaders, and for this reason, Juma focuses on working directly with African leaders, particularly presidents.
They highlight, for example, how Malawi's President Bingu wa Mutharika brought their country from a dire state of underproduction and poverty to becoming a net exporter of maize. Decades of low rainfall, insufficient investment in agriculture, and nutrient-depleted soils led to record-low maize production -- half of what was expected -- and left over 5 million Malawians in need of food aid. In a series of actions Juma describes as "entrepreneurial leadership," wa Mutharika devoted $50 million to import improved seeds and fertilizer and make them available to smallholders farmers via subsidies. Despite criticism from the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the policy was implemented and received strong support from Malawians. Within just two years, Malawi produced its largest maize crop ever and began exporting its surplus to its food-insecure neighbors.
Juma pauses to comment that they do not consider themselves pro-GM, even though that is usually how anti-GM advocates label him. Thinking back to the farmer they met at Mt. Elgon, they emphasize that GM should be made available as one option in a toolbox of solutions, which may very well also include organic methods.  They are pro-Africa, but notes that this is not just another way of saying "pro-poor," explaining, "Africans do not see themselves as poor. They see themselves as with opportunity to make their own decisions." When that is understood, even pro- and anti-GM warriors might make peace.
Their "Freedom to Innovate" report is a prime example of productive consensus. In 2007, members of the High-Level African Panel on Modern Biotechnology in the African Union (AU) gathered to produce a report advising the AU of new technology policy directions. The panel featured a variety of African leaders on both sides of the GM divide, ranging from university professors and senate members to heads of environmental protection agencies and agricultural technology foundations. Juma points out that, despite their wildly opposing views on GM, within a couple of hours at the first meeting they were able to collaboratively construct policy recommendations based on one key common denominator: Africa should be able to make its own choices about biotechnology.
The blame (or credit) for tight anti-GM restrictions in so many African countries has been attributed to anti-GM European and international NGOs. European countries, which enjoy a large food surplus, can restrict GM in their own markets with little consequence to nutrition or food security. However, many African countries struggle with low agricultural productivity and lack access to the well-developed agricultural infrastructure that cushions food supply in Europe. For European NGOs to actively lobby and block GM in Africa -- Juma explains "that is mischievous and unethical and undiplomatic."
But this isn't just about gullible leaders, Juma continues. Opposition to GM from within Africa exists as well, but it is different from European opposition. Take Uganda. In 2003, the National Agricultural Research Organization (NARO) of Uganda established a new research laboratory to investigate genetic modification in bananas, in response to an impending bacterial banana wilt crisis. NARO was endowed $7.07 million from USAID through a partnership with Cornell University and is scheduled to release a wilt-free banana variety in 2016. However, Uganda's universities were excluded from funding and, thus, the opportunity to conduct research on their own. Resentment between universities and research institutions opened a space for foreign NGOs to enter and amplify the voices of Ugandan biotechnology dissenters in universities. Though concerned not so much with the hazards of GM as with their own exclusion from research, these dissenters influenced Parliament members to block GM in legislation.
Uganda is one of only a few countries on the continent that allows field testing of GM crops. Many African countries do not even have that option. Tight, precautionary European-style legal restrictions on GM that have already been passed through Parliament have limited many countries' own abilities to test new GM varieties. "They have tied their own hands," Juma sighs. "Fundamentally, if you can't do field trials, you cannot take a position. Restrictions on field trials tend to suppress decision-making because you don't have evidence of whether it works or not."
But the tide is shifting. In 2012 alone, six African countries elected engineers for presidents; in fact, Africa currently boasts the highest number of presidents with technical backgrounds in the world. Independent African think-tanks like the African Centre for Technology Studies that Juma planted in 1988 -- the first of its kind -- are generating African perspectives on science, technology, and development. Although the cacophony of global debate surrounding Africa often drowns out the voices of Africans themselves, Juma knows that African leaders and youth can be immunized from outside opinions and interests if they can just be empowered to form their own. As their cheerleader, that is their goal.
Throughout their run, writer Peter Tomasi has created some immensely thrilling and wild adventures for Damian Wayne and Jonathan Kent. In our SUPER SONS #8 Exclusive Preview, we see as the two boy heroes fight to survive in the dangerous world of Yggardis. There, they find new and dangerous threats awaiting them. We see in the preview a giant tentacle monster testing them from the moment they land on the surface. They run into some other humans while fighting this monster. These people there are battle hardened and clearly well-trained. Will this mysterious group of people prove friends or foes to our brave heroes?
This “Planet of the Capes” arc is an exciting development for the Super Sons as they slowly learn to work together in these dangerous, tense situations that would challenge even their fathers. Robin and Superboy are beginning to become more of a formidable team as they are able to face high level threats together. Still, they have much to learn as Damian and Jon began to quarrel as soon as they hit the surface of the planet!
Both heroes to have to realize that they are much stronger together than they are apart. Jon needs Damian's keen insight and strategic mind to guide him. Damian needs Jon's abilities and raw powers if they hope to get off this planet. They need to learn from their father's how to trust one another. Only then can they discover what the villain Kraklow is planning and what traps and creatures await them on this new planet. Will Jon get to return to their family? Will Damian reunite with the Teen Titans? Find out inside the pages of SUPER SONS #8!
SUPER SONS #8 EXCLUSIVE PREVIEW
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Mervyn King: "Economy faces headwinds and a black cloud of uncertainty hangs over investment"
The Bank of England has cut its growth forecast to close to zero from about 0.8% predicted in May, as the double-dip recession intensifies.
The quarterly inflation report indicated no growth for 2012, compared with 2% predicted a year ago.
The data had fuelled anticipation for an interest rate cut, but Governor Sir Mervyn King dismissed calls for a reduction in the near term.
They said recovery hopes had consistently been dashed.
"The big picture is that output's been flat for two years, and has continually disappointed expectations of a recovery," they told a news conference.
"We are navigating rough waters and storm clouds continue to roll in from the euro area," they added.
"Unlike the Olympians who have thrilled us over the past fortnight, our economy has not yet reached full fitness."
They said that the future was unpredictable, since no-one could predict what would happen in the eurozone crisis, which would have an impact on the UK.
There was no getting away from the gloomy news in the Bank's latest quarterly report
"It's a saga that goes on, and on, and on. [The idea] that we have come to the end of it is unrealistic. There's still a long way to go," they said.
Regarding interest rates, which currently are at an all-time low of 0.5%, they said: "Another quarter point [cut] on bank rate is not going to be the difference between having a recovery and not having a recovery."
A rate cut would damage some financial institutions, such as building societies, and therefore would be "more counter-productive than beneficial".
'Grow the economy now'
Chancellor George Osborne said that economic growth was "disappointing", but that the government had an opportunity to "give its 110% attention and effort and energy" to getting it moving.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George Osborne: "The economy is healing"
However, Labour's shadow chief secretary to the Treasury, Rachel Reeve, said the government's policies were doing long-term damage to the economy, adding: "It is clear that we cannot go on with the same failing plan from this government."
John Longworth, the director general of the British Chambers of Commerce, which represents small and medium-sized businesses around the country, said the government could be doing more to promote economic growth.
"Businesses are feeling confident in their own abilities, but worried about the general economy and the eurozone crisis," they said.
"So one of the key things the government and the Bank of England need to do is to actually build business confidence so those businesses that have cash can start to invest and grow the economy now," they added.
The Bank has struggled to explain the discrepancy between Britain's weak output and a recent improvement in the labour market, which suggests that productivity growth is "unusually low".
"That continues a recent pattern of both weak output and productivity growth that is difficult to explain," said Sir Mervyn, adding that that was a factor behind the Bank's downgrade.
Action predicted
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rachel Reeve: "Policy decisions have put downward pressure on the economy"
The pound jumped in value to 1.27 euros on the money markets following Sir Mervyn's comments.
However, analysts said the Bank would be forced to act to shore up growth in coming months, once the effects of its stimulus measures on the economy had worn off.
Sir Mervyn's comments "clearly point in the direction of further accommodation in the coming months", said Annalisa Piazza of Newedge Strategy.
"The current inflation profile doesn't show the need of an urgent move, but in our view, the BoE will be ready to act in November, when the ongoing asset purchases programme will terminate and the effects of further credit easing might be clearer," they added.
Vicky Redwood, chief UK economist of Capital Economics, agreed.
"The door is clearly open to more stimulus and we still expect both more quantitative easing and a further interest rate cut in November," they said.
The UK recession deepened between April and June, with output falling by 0.7%, official data released at the end of July showed.
The Office for National Statistics said the bigger-than-expected contraction, which followed a 0.3% drop in the first three months of the year, was largely due to a sharp slowdown in the construction sector.
Funding for Lending
The Monetary Policy Committee has continued its programme of quantitative easing (QE) in which it pumps fresh money into the banking system to try to boost lending and thus the wider economy.
Analysis You may not be able to feel it, but the Bank thinks the economy is coming out of recession right now. Its report firmly forecasts a rebound in economic growth in the third quarter of this year. And it reckons this will be followed by modest economic growth thereafter. The Olympics has something to do with it. It is far more than a nebulous feel-good effect. And it is not even to do with tourists spending money. The Bank's chief economist, Spencer Dale, explained that the big economic effect will come from the official statistics registering all that spending on Olympic tickets, and the sale of TV rights. The Olympics could not have come at a better time.
In July, it injected a further £50bn into the system, taking the total value of the Bank's QE programme up to £375bn.
The Bank and the Treasury have also launched a new scheme to increase lending to households and companies.
Under the Funding for Lending initiative, the Bank of England is initially expected to lend about £80bn at below-market rates to banks and building societies.
The initiative aims to reduce the pressure from rising bank funding costs which have fed through into higher rates for domestic borrowers.
"Although its overall impact is uncertain, the early indications are positive, with some banks cutting their loan rates. By the time of our next [inflation] report in November, I hope it will be possible to say more about the initial effects of the scheme," said Sir Mervyn.
Meanwhile, eurozone speculation is currently focused on Spain, which has already secured a 100bn-euro rescue deal for its banks.
It is feared that if Spain's government is cut off by the markets and has to seek a full-blown bailout, Italy may follow close behind, which would exhaust the eurozone's current bailout capacity.
That would have far-reaching consequences for Britain, which is the euro area's biggest trading partner.
15User Rating: 1 out of 5
Review title of Steven It's like iMessage if iMessage did nothing at all!
Look guys we got an app like iMessage on macOS! Just kidding, on PC it literally does nothing. Can't create messages. No indication of any functionality at all (everything is disabled lol) except a "Settings" page which is just a blank About page. Just tells you that you have no messages and that if you had messages, you'd see them there. But since you can't create messages to anyone... see the problem? If this was a text only client to Skype, maybe accept SMS like it says it does, or you know, TOLD you in the app what it can/can't do and how to get it to actually work instead of "When you have messages you'll see them here", this might actually be useful. Why Microsoft decided to pretend they are competing with Apple's ecosystem, I don't know. Throwing an empty shell of an app onto the Windows Store with clearly no requirements of actual functionality does nothing but tarnish Microsoft's name.
Doubt cast on Toyota's decision to blame sudden acceleration on gas pedal defect
The pedal maker denies that its products are at fault. Some independent safety experts also are skeptical of Toyota's explanations. 'We know this recall is a red herring,' one says.
"The way the sudden-acceleration problems are occurring in reported incidents doesn't comport with how this sticky pedal is described," said Sean Kane, president of Safety Research & Strategies, a Rehoboth, Mass., auto safety consulting firm. "We know this recall is a red herring."
What's more, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has conducted eight investigations into sudden-acceleration problems in Toyota vehicles over the last seven years, none of which identified a sticking pedal as a potential cause.
Federal vehicle safety records reviewed by The Times also cast doubt on Toyota's claims that sticky gas pedals were a significant factor in the growing reports of runaway vehicles. Of more than 2,000 motorist complaints of sudden acceleration in Toyota and Lexus vehicles over the last decade, just 5% blamed a sticking gas pedal, the analysis found.
Toyota Motor Corp.'s decision to blame its widening sudden-acceleration problem on a gas pedal defect came under attack Friday, with the pedal manufacturer flatly denying that its products were at fault.
Sudden-acceleration events in Toyota and Lexus vehicles have been blamed for at least 19 fatalities and 815 vehicle crashes since 1999.
Toyota last fall blamed the episodes on floor mats that entrapped the gas pedals, leading to a massive recall. Then last week Toyota said sticking gas pedals were also causing sudden acceleration by not springing back into idle position, triggering another recall.
On Tuesday, the automaker stopped sales and production of eight models until it could remedy the problem.
Independent auto safety experts have been skeptical of Toyota's explanations, saying floor mats and sticky gas pedals can't fully explain the large number of complaints that have been mounting for the last decade, covering some of the most popular models in the company's lineup, including the Camry.
That argument was given more weight Friday when the manufacturer of the suspect pedals insisted its products had been unfairly blamed.
CTS Corp. of Elkhart, Ind., said in a statement that it had "deep concern that there is widespread confusion and incorrect information" about its products linked to the sudden-acceleration issue.
"The problem of sudden unintended acceleration has been reported to have existed in some Lexus vehicles and Toyota vehicles going back to 1999, when CTS did not even make this product for any customer," the company said.
Toyota began using CTS-made pedals in the 2005 model year.
On Jan. 21, Toyota told federal regulators that CTS pedals were susceptible to moisture and could stick, forcing the recall of 2.3 million cars and trucks. CTS acknowledged that a tiny number of pedals had a rare condition that could cause a slow return to idle position, but it denied that this condition could cause unintended acceleration and said that it knew of no accidents or injuries caused by the issue.
Toyota spokesperson Brian Lyons said the company had no comment on CTS' statement.
Another Toyota spokesperson, Mike Michels, said in an e-mail that the company had identified the pedal problem as "abnormal friction in the pedal pivot mechanism" and that the automaker hoped to announce a remedy soon.
Toyota has honored CTS three times since 2005 for the quality and efficiency of its work, citing the fact that the supplier "exceeded quality expectations" and achieved "100 percent on-time delivery and for shipping accelerator pedal modules with zero defects."
The automaker also uses pedals supplied by Denso Corp., a Japanese company with North American headquarters in suburban Detroit, but has said those do not appear to be defective.
Zurich, Switzerland – Brooklyn emcee, Necro was reportedly deported from Switzerland after spending 100 hours in solitary confinement for allegedly inciting a brawl in Zurich nightclub, Komplex 457.
The artist born Ron Braunstein described the incident in a Facebook post stating, “I have been deported from Switzerland for Bangin' out!! Flying on the plane home now. Banned from Switzerland for three years.”
In the post, Necro says they plead guilty to the charges. “My charges were giving four men concussions and breaking their teeth,” they write.
According to Swizz publication TheLocal.ch, promoter Jeronimo Vargas said Necro and a member of Zurich-based collective, IBS initially started fighting. Necro's security guard and Mr. Hyde (who is performing on tour with Necro) jumped in to help the Psycho+Logical Records founder, which incited a brawl throughout the venue.
The publication reports that the IBS member was questioned and immediately released. Illustre.ch reports that six people were taken to the hospital with various injuries. Video of the brawl is available at Blick.ch, which you can check out below.
“This was all in self defense,” Necro posted to Facebook before continuing with, “fighting to defend Drew Waine, Tone Space and along side Mr. Hyde against some hater snitches.”
HipHopDX has an interview scheduled with Necro once they land in the US, so stay tuned for the full story.
View the full Facebook post below:
Also, for how Master P inspired Necro, view the DX Daily below:
BAGHDAD, March 2 -- As Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad met with Iraq's leaders on Sunday, the first visit by a Middle Eastern head of state since the U.S.-led invasion, they engaged a country in which Iran's influence is deepening but also provoking growing criticism from Iraqis.
Ahmadinejad's visit is the first to Iraq by an Iranian leader since Iran's 1979 revolution, which brought to power a government in Tehran overseen by Shiite Muslim clerics. They arrived at a time when the Bush administration and many Iraqis, who since the 2003 invasion have been confronting wide-scale sectarian violence, are increasingly suspicious of Iran's intentions in their country and the wider Middle East.
Declaring their visit "a new chapter" in Iran's relations with Iraq, the Iranian leader signaled that their country now rivals the United States, the chief financial and military backer of Iraq's government, in terms of influence.
Standing next to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, a fellow Shiite, Ahmadinejad rejected American assertions, repeated as recently as Saturday by President Bush, that Iran was fueling violence inside Iraq.
"We tell Mr. Bush that accusing others will increase the problems of America in the region and will not solve them," Ahmadinejad told reporters inside the Green Zone, the fortified heart of the Iraqi government and the U.S. diplomatic mission here. "The Americans have to understand the facts of the region. Iraqi people do not like America."
Iraq and Iran fought a brutal eight-year-war in the 1980s during which the U.S. government sided with the Iraqi forces of Saddam Hussein. But after the April 2003 fall of Hussein's government, Iran became one of the first nations to recognize the new U.S.-installed administration.
At the start of their two-day visit Sunday, Ahmadinejad sought to illustrate their nation's rising power in Iraq and the region. They announced a $1 billion low-interest loan to help reconstruct Iraq, and they were welcomed with a red-carpet ceremony, a marching band and much fanfare.
Their visit also brought Maliki's government a greater measure of diplomatic legitimacy, a shoulder-to-shoulder display of strength between the only two Shiite-run nations in a region dominated by U.S.-backed Sunni Arab rulers who view them with suspicion.
The divisions over Iran mirror Iraq's own political and sectarian divides. The sectarian tensions were visible in parts of Iraq in the days leading up to Ahmadinejad's visit and as they embraced its leaders Sunday. Protests erupted last week in Sunni strongholds such as Diyala province and on Sunday in Fallujah, as well as in some Shiite and mixed areas.
On Sunday, a crowd of 250 Sunni and Shiite tribal leaders protested in the northern city of Kirkuk, clutching banners that read: "No to the Iranian interference in Iraq" and "We demand the Iranian regime stop its support to the militias and sabotage teams."
Many Iraqis, particularly among the minority Sunni population that ran the country under Hussein, view Iran as meddling for strategic gains, using Iraq as an arena to undermine the proclaimed U.S. political project to bring more democratic governance to the Middle East. Many Iraqis also believe Iran's reach extends into Iraqi ministries and security forces.
"We reject the Iranian interference in all its shapes and forms," said Falah Hadi al-Saadoun, a Sunni tribal leader in Baqubah, the capital of Diyala province.
The growth prospects for New York's metropolitan areas between 2013 and 2020 range from dismal upstate to mediocre downstate, according to a study issued by the U.S. Conference of Mayors.
As shown in the following chart from today's Wall Street Journal (subscription required) report on the study, five upstate New York metro areas were among the 10 areas nationwide with the lowest projected growth rates over the seven-year period featured in an economic analysis conducted for the Conference of Mayors by the economic consulting group IHS Global Insights. Binghamton and Utica-Rome, consistently among the state's slowest-growing areas in recent years, were at the very bottom.
The New York City metro area, including Long Island and northern New Jersey, had the strongest outlook of any area in New York State, with a projected average annual growth rate of 2.4 percent. But that was below the median growth projection of 2.6 percent, good enough for a ranking of only 240 230 out of 363 large metro areas in the study. Next best in New York was Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown, ranked 292 with a projected growth of 2.1 percent.
The Albany-Schenectady-Troy area has a projected growth rate of 1.8 percent, ranking at 338, despite a massive public investment in high-tech manufacturing and research. Rochester (1.7 percent), Syracuse (1.7 percent), Ithaca (1.6 percent), Glens Falls (1.5 percent) also were well within the lowest-ranking 10 percent of metro areas on the list.
The top spots on the ranking of future growth were dominated by metro areas in Texas, Utah, Florida and other Sunbelt states. But the weakness of New York regions can't simply be chalked up to climate; for example, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin all have at least some metro areas with projected growth rates above the national median, including a few in the top 100.
Comments
comments
They hold public and private positions, which differ, diametrically.
He's used naughty words for private parts.
Hillary versus The Donald. More they said, they said?
Not quite. Real life isn't a sensational media circus of verbal accusations.
Actions matter. Deeds, not words, is the proverb.
Actions do speak louder than words. Hence the 2016 election's stark tabloid simplicity: Them crimes, their words.
Beyond the tabloid simplicity lies accountability—for both crimes and for words.
Donald Trump's locker room language may offend individual sensibilities. Their hot mic comments about women offended me—and Pussy Galore is one of my favorite James Bond characters.
Pussy was a talented criminal. Auric Goldfinger recruited them to help them steal a billion dollars in gold bullion from Fort Knox. Yes, Auric and Pussy were going after The Bank.
Trump's ugly sex talk was recorded in 2005, without their knowledge. Did we hear their sincere private opinion about private parts? Perhaps not. However, they have publicly apologized for their foul mouth and holds themselves personally accountable.
Despite the apology, The Donald faces a relentless media tsunami of unproven allegations—allegations of pinching and groping and unwanted squeezes and lecherous looks.
Media tsunamis are a type of public accountability. However, we live an in era where the self-proclaimed media of record try their best to ignore wrongdoing by powerful liberals or, that tactic failing, attempt to justify them. As a result, liberals enjoy a comparatively unrestrained presumption of Media Privilege. American media tsunamis are thus a highly selective form of public accountability. They overwhelmingly slam Republicans and they slam with calculated political malice and mud.
Hillary's public face, the one they present American voters, is a lie.
A media outrage tsunami struck poor Mitt Romney—because the Romney family dog rode in a carrier on the roof of the family car. Why, Clintonite Lanny Davis declared this canine travesty proved Romney unfit to serve as president.
Unfit, Lanny? Romney was the man who called Vladimir Putin's Russia America's “number one geo-political foe” and Barack Obama mocked them for it. As the linked article notes, in 2012 Obama told Russia's then-president Dmitry Medvedev to tell ole Vlad that after the 2012 U.S. presidential campaign they (Obama) would have more flexibility in addressing the Kremlin's concerns. Who was right about the Kremlin, Lanny? Mitt or Barack?
Whether or not they support Trump, many conservatives are fed up with the crooked media's selective orgasms of privileged outrage. As a result, a media tsunami's power to inflict permanent damage has waned.
The shock of Trump's 2005 hot mic is already receding. Did Trump use vile language and make crude, arrogant declarations? Yes. But compare Trump's verbal vulgaritywith the physical, flesh and blood horror of Bill Clinton's sexual depredations. Substantiated charges of rape and physical mistreatment of women tag Bill. Trump's verbal vulgarity is a decade-old. Bill has repeated their abhorrent, criminal behavior for decades. Since Bill's repetitive, damaging behavior has been enabled, their enablers also deserve scorn and condemnation. Their chief enablers? The media of record that avoid investigating the charges—and their wife, Hillary.
Bill Clinton is a one-man War On Women. On the other hand, Trump said bad words.
* * *
Actions matter. Hillary Clinton is waging a one-woman War On Honesty, and getting paid for it by Wall Street financiers.
As Business Insider succinctly said Hillary's public message differs greatly from what they say in privacy—plush privacy.
In a speech delivered off-the-record, Hillary told the The National Multi-Housing Council that they lie with calculation. Oh, they aren't that direct—she can't be that honest—but read the Wikileaks transcription. Wikileaks is quoting a hacked campaign staff email. (The recipients included Hillary's campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri and their campaign chairperson, John Podesta. More on Podesta in a moment.)
The quote:
“But If Everybody's Watching, You Know, All Of The Back Room Discussions And The Deals, You Know, Then People Get A Little Nervous, To Say The Least. So, You Need Both A Public And A Private Position.” (April 24, 2013)
Hillary excuses their lying as routine politics. That's just the way it's done by the political pros, folks.
In a speech delivered for Deutsche Bank (October 7, 2014), they told Wall Street financiers they intend to rely on their expertise to fix the woes afflicting America's financial sector. This is a complete 180 from what Hillary tells Bernie Sanders supporters. Hillary wants folks who Feel The Bern to believe she's ready to jail Wall Street bankers.
Here's some burn. October 2016 finds Deutsche Bank on the verge of collapse.
Wall Street elites paid Hillary around two hundred grand a pop to distinguish their public malarkey from their guiding private views.
Knowing Hillary's genuine policy goals is very valuable to investors and business planners. Wall Street toffs who pay their top dollar speaking fees receive off the record insider info American proles don't get to hear. The private face-to-face venues add value. Hillary meets the men and women who paid them the big bucks. Yup, direct personal access.
Wise guys call it pay to play. Is it felony bribery? Not by the letter of the law.
But it's a crooked game and it corrupts American politics. Hillary's public face, the one they present American voters, is a lie.
* * *
On July 24 Robby Mook went Red Scare and Joe McCarthy.
It was the opening salvo of Hillary's bid to do two things: (1) blame Vladimir Putin and Russia for their criminal mishandling of classified information and (2) tie The Donald to the Kremlin. Robby went Tail Gunner Joe while chatting with ABC's This Week host and former Bill Clinton administration aide-de-media George Stephanopoulos. Media Privilege? Media connivance.
A dog on the roof just destroyed Mitt Romney as a credible president? Hillary used their off-the-books and non-secure server system to transmit and analyze classified national security information. Even disgraced FBI Director Jim Comey managed to call their handling of classified information “grossly negligent.” When handling classified information, gross negligence is criminal. Hillary has committed a criminal act. Comey sold out the rule of law.
Laws governing the handling of classified information exist for good reason—lives are at stake.
But Media Privilege. Hillary and their apologists continue to peddle the “Putin did it” line and by innuendo accuse Trump of treason.
I think it's reasonable to assume Russian hackers cracked Hillary's server and cracked the Democratic National Committee's server. It's reasonable to assume China's hacker brigades have Hillary's missing emails.
But note: Team Clinton has not denied the quotes Wikileaks says came from their well-paid speeches.
Per the AP report, John Podesta is serving as the go-to guy for blaming Russia. “I'm not happy about being hacked by the Russians in their quest to throw the election to Donald Trump,” Podesta wrote (in Twitter tweets). “Don't have time to figure out which docs are real and which are faked.”
Yes, what they said may have been altered! On behalf of Trump!
Could be some of the hacks were altered. We don't know. We do know Podesta hasn't denied the accuracy of the quotes. This indicates he's engaged in rank evasion. Donald Trump accepted personal responsibility for their foul language. Hillary, Podesta and the rest of Team Clinton are not about to accept responsibility for being caught in a bald lie. Hillary has yet to admit they lied about Benghazi.
And lie they did.
* * *
President Donald Trump will be held accountable. A hostile national media will confront them and blast him, 24/7. Senior Republican leaders will rigorously oppose Trump policies and proposed legislation they deem wrong-headed. Trump, however, has the communication skills to be a successful president. To be successful they will have to work with Congress—pursue the art of the deal on The Hill. Barack Obama never bothered to do that. The results of Obama's malfeasance and ineptitude include ObamaCare, a weak to non-existent economic recovery, eroding U.S. military capabilities, a foreign policy in shambles and a disdain for the rule of law. Laws are for little people. By failing to prosecute Hillary for criminally mishandling classified information, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and FBI Director Jim Comey sold out American national security law.
Them crimes, their words. Trump has made a campaign promise. At the moment the promise is just words. Here's The Donald's promise: if elected president he'll jail Hillary Clinton.
That's Donald's public promise.
And Hillary knows it's the truth.
SEE ALSO: CLINTON'S DISGRACEFUL THREE-HEADED CRIME HAS COMPROMISED THE FBI
Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of Observer Media.
Austin Bay is a contributing editor at and adjunct professor at the University of Texas in Austin. Their most recent book is a biography of Kemal Ataturk (Macmillan 2011). Bay is a retired U.S. Army Reserve colonel and Iraq veteran. They have a Ph.D. in comparative literature from Columbia University.
DAMASCUS, Syria — They're known to the locals of Lattakia as the ghosts — Al Shabeha — but when these phantoms dress up, it's in black and their terror is tangible.
In a port city dominated by Sunni Muslims, which comprise three-quarters of Syria's population, and surrounded by mountain villages that are home to Alawites, a minority that has ruled over the country for 40 years, these roaming gangs of black-clothed armed thugs have turned peaceful, united protests calling for freedom into violent, deadly chaos.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad warned in a speech last week that such gangs were part of a “huge conspiracy” by “foreign elements” attempting to drive a wedge between Syria's different religious and ethnic communities.
But GlobalPost has gathered testimony from residents, journalists and eyewitnesses in Lattakia and almost all say the same thing: the shabeha instigating and fueling violence against protestors are almost exclusively Alawites from the region, described by one source as the private militia of the Assad family itself.
It was just such plain clothes security that was suspected of opening fire from rooftops and the street last Friday into a large crowd of unarmed demonstrators calling for freedom in the Damascus suburb of Duma, killing at least eight people. Video posted to YouTube shows what appear to be snipers in civilian clothes firing from rooftops as protesters cry out below.
Straddling Iraq to its east, which descended into sectarian slaughter after the U.S.-led invasion, and Lebanon to its west, where competing religious identities fueled a 15-year civil war, the specter of sectarian strife looms large in Syria's national psyche.
“The president has said Lattakia is a sectarian problem firstly to get carte blanche to quell it — no one wants to see a new Iraq,” said a local political analyst who asked not to be named for security reasons. “And second in order to mobilize minorities, Alawites, Christians and Druze out of fear of life under a Sunni majority. They argue it's the regime or the Muslim Brotherhood.”
Yet eyewitnesses to the pro-democracy protests in Lattakia over the past fortnight insist they began with both Sunnis and Alawites calling for change together.
“The protesters were chanting, “Freedom, freedom” and “No Sunni and Alawites, we are all Syrians,” said Hiam Gamil, a youth activist in Lattakia.
An eyewitness to a demonstration in Lattakia, an Alawite, said a peaceful protest on March 26 had descended into deadly violence after snipers on rooftops shot at both anti- and pro-regime demonstrators. At least 12 people were killed.
“Then we saw cars with armed men in the streets shooting at people indiscriminately, Alawite, Sunni, pro-regime or against the regime, everyone,” they said, adding that Lattaki was now “in a state of terror.”
“The regime has made sure that no one goes down to protest in Lattakia … They split Lattakia in two and the tension will remain. The excuse of sectarian conflict succeeded, unfortunately,” the eyewitness said.
As the source predicted, the authorities later claimed outsiders had instigated the fighting.
“It is obvious Syria is the target of a project to sow sectarian strife,” Buthaina Shaaban, the president's adviser, told Sana, the state news agency on March 26, a few hours after the deaths in Lattakia.
Ali, a middle aged Sunni shopkeeper from Lattakia, described a separate demonstration last Friday in which hundreds of worshippers had taken to the streets calling for freedom.
“Hundreds of security men in plain clothes shouting pro-Assad slogans came and started to push us,” Ali said. “It was then that the security forces began to fire on us.”
A local journalist who spoke to 10 residents of Lattakia over the past week said they had all delivered the same message about whom the agitators roaming the streets were.
“All of them are saying one thing, ‘They are shabeha',” they said.
A Syrian political expert, who declined to be named, said they had no doubt the shabeha had been used on the streets of Lattakia.
“They are the ones who are on the streets shooting people,” they said. “It's a kind of out-sourcing: They are the regime, but they're not the regime. The regime doesn't want to take the risk of using an official security body to start the shooting of protestors.”
Begun in the 1970s, when Hafez al-Assad, the president's father, took power, the shabeha are nothing new to many Syrians but remain largely unknown to those outside the country.
With easy access to arms through their close ties to Syria's military and security forces, the shabeha, according to a number of experts on Syria, hail from the mountain stronghold of Qardaha, which overlooks Lattakia, and answer to the orders of local Assad family elders.
The gang's wealth, according to experts, comes from distributing goods imported tax-free through Lattakia's port, which they control.
“Syrian security has used the shabeha in Lattakia and armed them to spread fear in the city and say to the Syrian people that the freedom you wish for will bring sectarianism,” said Radwan Ziadeh, director of the Damascus Centre for Human Rights Studies and a visiting scholar at the Carr Centre for Human Rights at Harvard University. “They are the sons and brothers of the Assad family.”
Nadim Houry of Human Rights Watch in Beirut, who has been gathering reporting on Syria, said they had also heard eyewitness accounts of the shabeha being used in Lattakia.
“People we have spoken to in Lattakia said the shabeha had been responsible for shooting at demonstrators and had even injured police who were trying to intercede between the shabeha and the protesters,” Houry said.
Local activists have documented the killing by security forces of at least 173 Syrians during the violent crackdown against the unprecedented protest movement, which last Friday saw tens of thousands demonstrating in major cities across the country.
But if the shabeha are seeking to divide, the protesters appear fully aware of the dangers.
“One, one, one!” chanted hundreds of worshippers trapped inside Damascus' Al-Rifai mosque on Friday, after security forces refused to let them leave following prayers, fearing mass demonstrations.
“People of Syria are one!” they cried.
A second GlobalPost reporter, who cannot be named for security reasons, contributed to this article from Damascus and Lattakia.
"And now, polygamy," sighs Charles Krauthammer, in a recent Washington Post column. It's true. As if they didn't already have enough on their minds, Americans are going to have to debate polygamy. And not a moment too soon.
For generations, taboo kept polygamy out of sight and out of mind in America. But the taboo is crumbling. An HBO television series called "Big Love," which benignly portrays a one-husband, three-wife family in Utah, set off the latest round of polygamy talk. Even so, a federal lawsuit (now on appeal), the American Civil Liberties Union's stand for polygamy rights, and the rising voices of pro-polygamy groups such as TruthBearer.org (an evangelical Christian group) and Principle Voices (which Newsweek describes as "a Utah-based group run by wives from polygamous marriages") were already making the subject hard to duck.
So far, libertarians and lifestyle liberals approach polygamy as an individual-choice issue, while cultural conservatives use it as a bloody shirt to wave in the gay-marriage debate. The broad public opposes polygamy but is unsure why. What hardly anyone is doing is thinking about polygamy as social policy.
If the coming debate changes that, it will have done everyone a favor. For reasons that have everything to do with its own social dynamics and nothing to do with gay marriage, polygamy is a profoundly hazardous policy.
To understand why, begin with two crucial words. The first is "marriage." Group love (sometimes called polyamory) is already legal, and some people freely practice it. Polygamy asserts not a right to love several others but a right to marry them all. Because a marriage license is a state grant, polygamy is a matter of public policy, not just of personal preference.
The second crucial word is "polygyny." Unlike gay marriage, polygamy has been a common form of marriage since at least biblical times, and probably long before. In their 1994 book The Moral Animal: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology, Robert Wright notes that a "huge majority" of the human societies for which anthropologists have data have been polygamous. Virtually all of those have been polygynous: that is, one husband, multiple wives. Polyandry (one wife, many husbands) is vanishingly rare. The real-world practice of polygamy seems to flow from men's desire to marry all the women they can have children with.
Moreover, in America today the main constituents for polygamous marriage are Mormons* and, as Newsweek reports, "a growing number of evangelical Christian and Muslim polygamists." These religious groups practice polygyny, not polyandry. Thus, in light of current American politics as well as copious anthropological experience, any responsible planner must assume that if polygamy were legalized, polygynous marriages would outnumber polyandrous ones — probably vastly.
Here is something else to consider: As far as I've been able to determine, no polygamous society has ever been a true liberal democracy, in anything like the modern sense. As societies move away from hierarchy and toward equal opportunity, they leave polygamy behind. They monogamize as they modernize. That may be a coincidence, but it seems more likely to be a logical outgrowth of the arithmetic of polygamy.
Other things being equal (and, to a good first approximation, they are), when one man marries two women, some other man marries no woman. When one man marries three women, two other men don't marry. When one man marries four women, three other men don't marry. Monogamy gives everyone a shot at marriage. Polygyny, by contrast, is a zero-sum game that skews the marriage market so that some men marry at the expense of others.
For the individuals affected, losing the opportunity to marry is a grave, even devastating, deprivation. (Just ask a gay American.) But the effects are still worse at the social level. Sexual imbalance in the marriage market has no good social consequences and many grim ones.
Two political scientists, Valerie M. Hudson and Andrea M. den Boer, ponder those consequences in their 2004 book Bare Branches: Security Implications of Asia's Surplus Male Population. Summarizing their findings in a Washington Post article, they write: "Scarcity of women leads to a situation in which men with advantages — money, skills, education — will marry, but men without such advantages — poor, unskilled, illiterate — will not. A permanent subclass of bare branches [unmarriageable men] from the lowest socioeconomic classes is created. In China and India, for example, by the year 2020 bare branches will make up 12 to 15 percent of the young adult male population."
The problem in China and India is sex-selective abortion (and sometimes infanticide), not polygamy; where the marriage market is concerned, however, the two are functional equivalents. In their book, Hudson and den Boer note that "bare branches are more likely than other males to turn to vice and violence." To get ahead, they "may turn to appropriation of resources, using force if necessary." Such men are ripe for recruitment by gangs, and in groups they "exhibit even more exaggerated risky and violent behavior." The result is "a significant increase in societal, and possibly intersocietal, violence."
Crime rates, according to the authors, tend to be higher in polygynous societies. Worse, "high-sex-ratio societies are governable only by authoritarian regimes capable of suppressing violence at home and exporting it abroad through colonization or war." In medieval Portugal, "the regime would send bare branches on foreign adventures of conquest and colonization." (An equivalent today may be jihad.) In 19th-century China, where as many as 25 percent of men were unable to marry, "these young men became natural recruits for bandit gangs and local militia," which nearly toppled the government. In what is now Taiwan, unattached males fomented regular revolts and became "entrepreneurs of violence."
Hudson and den Boer suggest that societies become inherently unstable when sex ratios reach something like 120 males to 100 females: in other words, when one-sixth of men are surplus goods on the marriage market. The United States as a whole would reach that ratio if, for example, 5 percent of men took two wives, 3 percent took three wives, and 2 percent took four wives — numbers that are quite imaginable, if polygamy were legal for a while. In particular communities — inner cities, for example — polygamy could take a toll much more quickly. Even a handful of "Solomons" (high-status men taking multiple wives) could create brigades of new recruits for street gangs and drug lords, the last thing those communities need.
Such problems are not merely theoretical. In northern Arizona, a polygamous Mormon sect has managed its surplus males by dumping them on the street --
literally. The sect, reports The Arizona Republic, "has orphaned more than 400 teenagers ... in order to leave young women for marriage to the older men." The paper goes on to say that the boys "are dropped off in neighboring towns, facing hunger, homelessness, and homesickness, and most cripplingly, a belief in a future of suffering and darkness."
True, in modern America some polygynous marriages would probably be offset by group marriages or chain marriages involving multiple husbands, but there is no way to know how large such an offset might be. And remember: Every unbalanced polygynous marriage, other things being equal, leaves some man bereft of the opportunity to marry, which is no small cost to that man.
The social dynamics of zero-sum marriage are ugly. In a polygamous world, boys could no longer grow up taking marriage for granted. Many would instead see marriage as a trophy in a sometimes brutal competition for wives. Losers would understandably burn with resentment, and most young men, even those who eventually won, would fear losing. Although much has been said about polygamy's inegalitarian implications for women who share a husband, the greater victims of inequality would be men who never become husbands.
By this point it should be obvious that polygamy is, structurally and socially, the opposite of same-sex marriage, not its equivalent. Same-sex marriage stabilizes individuals, couples, communities, and society by extending marriage to many who now lack it. Polygamy destabilizes individuals, couples, communities, and society by withdrawing marriage from many who now have it.
Add one more data point to the decades-old debate over marijuana legalization: A new study concludes that casual pot smoking - up to one joint per day - does not affect the functioning of your lungs.
The study, published in the Jan. 11 edition of Journal of the American Medical Association, also offered up a nugget that likely will surprise many: Evidence points to slight increases in lung airflow rates and increases in lung volume from occasional marijuana use.
Air flow is the amount of air someone can blow out of their lungs one second after taking the deepest breath possible. The volume measure is the total amount of air blown out once someone has taken the deepest breath possible.
Association Between Marijuana Exposure and Pulmonary Function Over 20 Years
The study of 5115 men and women took place over two decades between March 26, 1985 and August 19, 2006 in 4 American cities: Birmingham, Chicago, Oakland, Calif., and Minneapolis.
"With marijuana use increasing and large numbers of people who have been and continue to be exposed, knowing whether it causes lasting damage to lung function is important for public-health messaging and medical use of marijuana," according to one of the study's co-authors, Stefan Kertesz. "At levels of marijuana exposure commonly seen in Americans, occasional marijuana use was associated with increases in lung air flow rates and increases in lung capacity."
They added that those increases, though not large, nonetheless were statistically significant. "And the data showed that even up to moderately high-use levels -- one joint a day for seven years -- there is no evidence of decreased air-flow rates or lung volumes," they said.
The study by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, and the University of Alabama at Birmingham was released Tuesday by the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Echo of past findings
The findings echo results in some smaller studies that showed while marijuana contains some of the same toxic chemicals as tobacco, it does not carry the same risks for lung disease. It's not clear why that is so, but it's possible that the main active ingredient in marijuana, a chemical known as THC, makes the difference. THC causes the "high" that users feel. It also helps fight inflammation and may counteract the effects of more irritating chemicals in the drug, said Dr. Donald Tashkin, a marijuana researcher and an emeritus professor of medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles. Tashkin was not involved in the new study.
Study co-author Dr. Stefan Kertesz said there are other aspects of marijuana that may help explain the results.
Unlike cigarette smokers, marijuana users tend to breathe in deeply when they inhale a joint, which some researchers think might strengthen lung tissue. But the common lung function tests used in the study require the same kind of deep breathing that marijuana smokers are used to, so their good test results might partly reflect lots of practice, said Kertesz, a drug abuse researcher and preventive medicine specialist at the Alabama university.
Roughly equal numbers of blacks and whites took part, but no other minorities. Participants were periodically asked about recent marijuana or cigarette use and had several lung function tests during the study.
Overall, about 37 percent reported at least occasional marijuana use, and most users also reported having smoked cigarettes; 17 percent of participants said they'd smoked cigarettes but not marijuana. Those results are similar to national estimates.
On average, cigarette users smoked about 9 cigarettes daily, while average marijuana use was only a joint or two a few times a month -- typical for U.S. marijuana users, Kertesz said.
The authors calculated the effects of tobacco and marijuana separately, both in people who used only one or the other, and in people who used both. They also considered other factors that could influence lung function, including air pollution in cities studied.
The analyses showed pot didn't appear to harm lung function, but cigarettes did. Cigarette smokers' test scores worsened steadily during the study. Smoking marijuana as often as one joint daily for seven years, or one joint weekly for 20 years was not linked with worse scores. Very few study participants smoked more often than that.
Like cigarette smokers, marijuana users can develop throat irritation and coughs, but the study didn't focus on those. It also didn't examine lung cancer, but other studies haven't found any definitive link between marijuana use and cancer.
The sunk cost of anger
You've been on hold for 35 minutes. No one you've spoken to has cared to help you. And you were "accidentally" disconnected twice. That was infuriating.
Finally, you're connected to the right person. John sounds patient and attentive. They actually want to help.
But you're so irritated by the past 35 minutes of lousy on-hold music and dropped calls that you're a jerk to John.
Or, at least, you're not your usual rational and charming self. You know, the self that's efficient at getting what it wants from others.
Instead, you bark about the anguish you've endured and you command them to help you. Or you're passive aggressive. Either way, your anger is persisting.
Freeze
In this moment, the childlike persistence of your anger blinds you from making the most of the new conversation. We mistakenly think, If I'm blatantly angry, they'll understand I'm unhappy with the situation. Then this won't happen again.
Wait. You think John will go out of their rank-and-file to ensure their coworkers suck less and that you get disconnected less often?
No.
Don't further your anger under the fantasy that it's somehow productive for anyone.
If you were instead kind, John might have gone out of their way to help you. A tempered adult always realizes this and reverts to neutral.
Whereas a child throws a tantrum.
Tragically, even most adults throw a tantrum too.
Shoddy customer service is just one example of this phenomenon. Let's explore a less obvious one that has ﻿greater﻿ implications.
The intro
Imagine you've received a warm intro to someone. Let's call that person Max.
And let's imagine Max is one of those networking opportunities where you can't imagine how you'll get value from it.
So you ignore the intro. (Or maybe you expect to get to it later... You don't.)
A couple weeks later, Max emails you a second time. He's friendly and thoughtful, so your guilt escorts you into setting up a call. You're irritated by the ordeal (you're busy and you didn't ask for this intro!), so you allot a brief 15 minutes to chat with him.
The call
You give Max a ring. They pick up.
You sigh (you're busy, after all), “Hi Max. Tell me what I can help you with.”
Freeze.
You've just failed to recognize the sunk cost of your commitment, and why it's madly inefficient to be a curmudgeon right now.
Let's be more practical about this:
You've already committed to taking time out of your day for this. So, as much as you'd rather be doing something else, you're committed for 15 minutes.
If you don't make the most of these 15 minutes, you are very bad at using your time . If you don't make this call productive, it shouldn't have been in your calendar at all. You should have held firm with, "Sorry, I can't do a call Max."
. If you don't make this call productive, it shouldn't have been in your calendar at all. You should have held firm with, "Sorry, I can't do a call Max." If you do take the call, don't forgo the possibility of getting value out of Max if you've already committed to this non-refundable 15 minutes: If you were to blow Max away with how personable and helpful you are, you'll leave a wonderful impression and they may reciprocate one day.
Yes, this is a selfish and transactional view of relationships. But that's the whole point of this post: If you can't justify being nice for the sake of others, at least be nice for the sake of yourself. Because it'll also work out well for others. It's a win-win. How beautiful is that? How often does a dynamic that simple present itself in life?
Now that you've been ﻿helpful﻿ to Max, he'll go above and beyond when, say, it turns out their friend is someone who can help you with a critical future matter.
It's not just business
Recognizing the sunk cost of anger then forbidding it to persist is life advice that reshapes your interactions with everyone.
You can frame it like this:
Firmly reject event invitations for which you expect little or no benefit. You are obligated to do far fewer things than you think. Hold strong.
Of the events you do partake in, always — always — make the absolute most of them. Or you're wasting your precious time on Earth.
From social dinners, to plane conversations, to lunches at work: Either reject the opportunity so you can spend time on something more fulfilling, or make the most of the conversation at-hand.
How do you make the most of the conversation? Learn from those you're with. Get inspired by them. And excite them. Help them.
What you should have done
When Max picked up the phone, you should have exclaimed:
“Hey, Max! It's a pleasure to chat. Would love to hear what you're up to.”
And you should have said it authentically.
Even if you're feeling miserable for unrelated reasons.
Thanks to your warmth, Max is appreciative that you're making their hustle easier, and they go out of their way to tell you what they can do for you at the end of the call.
No, not everyone will reciprocate like that. But most people are like Max: Even if they don't proactively reach out to help you one day, they will help when you ask them to.
Here's the takeaway: The next time you catch yourself being passive aggressive to broadcast your discontent with a situation, remember the only change this leads to is people liking you less. That's counter-productive. And leaves the world worse off.
Force yourself to be unexpectedly warm and attentive. Watch how much more you get out of conversations. And how much happier the people around you become.
So far, I've written in-depth guides on how to build muscle and how to acquire customers. My upcoming guides teach how to write well, play piano, and think critically. If you'd like them a couple months early, you can enter your email below.
Guinness in the fight for £150 million Premier League sponsorship
Guinness producers Diageo are one of the companies battling to secure a title sponsorship deal, worth £150 milion, with the English Premier League.
Sky News has reported that Diageo, a FTSE-100 alcoholic drinks producer, is working on a bid for the rights.
Diageo may be hindered by the fact that many premier league teams have individual sponsorship from rival alcoholic drinks makers, as well as the possibility teams will have to cut back on alcoholic drinks sponsors after the General Election this year (which Labour has alluded to in the past).
Diageo does not have a top-level football sponsorship deal in the UK, but the Premier League could offer a valuable platform to promote the brand across Africa, Europe and Asia.
Barclays, the current sponsor, has also suggested that it may also bid for sponsorship of English football's top division, despite expectations that it would withdraw after its existing deal expires at the end of next season.
In 2012, Barclays agreed a three-year deal with the Premier League valued at £120 million, which includes global title sponsorship rights, UK and international TV programme accreditation, extensive advertising rights, matchday tickets and hospitality, as well as joint community activity.
Samsung, the Korean consumer electronics giant which sponsors the current Premier League leaders Chelsea, is also understood to have expressed an interest in bidding for the title sponsorship.
Ford and Mastercard have also been touted as potential candidates.
The Premier League's growing global audience has fuelled expectations that the next three-year deal could fetch upwards of £60 million annually, with a deal expected to be concluded before the summer.
Birds such as the puffin could be affected by a decline in zooplankton Experts on invertebrates have expressed "profound shock" over a government report showing a decline in zooplankton of more than 70% since the 1960s. The tiny animals are an important food for fish, mammals and crustaceans. Figures contained in the Department for Environment Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) document, Marine Programme Plan, suggested a fall in abundance. Charity Buglife said it could be a "biodiversity disaster of enormous proportions". They said it could have implications for creatures all the way up the food chain, from sand eels to the seabirds, such as puffin, which feed on the fish. Zooplankton is the basis of many food chains in the marine environment
Craig Macadam
Buglife Defra described the Marine Programme Plan as one of the department's high impact programmes, reporting directly to the Defra board and used to guide policy. Buglife director Matt Shardlow has written to Rodney Anderson, director of marine and fisheries at Defra, praising the level of information in the document but also expressing the organisation's serious concerns. In their letter, seen by the BBC Scotland news website, Mr Shardlow said: "The disappearance of butterflies, moth, bees, riverflies and other small animals is an environmental tragedy. "But, despite this experience, we were profoundly shocked to read that zooplankton abundance has declined by about 73% since 1960 and about 50% since 1990. "This is a biodiversity disaster of enormous proportions." A graph shown in the report charts a steady decline in zooplankton from 1990 to 2006. Buglife Scottish officer, Craig Macadam, said climate change could be a factor. They said: "Zooplankton is the basis of many food chains in the marine environment. "Without them it is going to cause problems further up the chain."
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
HTML5 is more than a few years old and no longer a curiousity. Web pages that used to simply emulate a piece of paper are now expected to do something snazzy to justify their existence. Thanks to HTML5, along with innovations in JavaScript and CSS, interactive logic is a standard strategy for Web programming, and full-fledged Web apps are everywhere. All it takes is a few extra tags to rewrite the world's software as a Web page.
At least that's the vision. And folks have been eating it up. IT managers love the promise of HTML5 and the cloud because it means installing one app on the desktop—the browser—and forgetting about those boxes in the cubicles. Programmers love it because HTML5 is often as easy as putting a few tags in the right places, even though CSS can occassioinally drive us mad. The bean counters love it because Web designers are cheaper and more plentiful than C++ programmers. Strategic managers love it because they don't need to ask the smartphone manufacturers for permission to get in their Web store.
Of course, we all know this vision arose long before the HTML5 buzz. It's just taken us a long time to realize the dream the original creators of JavaScript laid out, in which all Web pages would be interactive apps. And the techniques in use are a blend of the new and those that existed long before the HTML5 standard became big. The result are apps, and suites of apps, that offer most of the functionality a business could want.
Here's a look at how seven powerful apps are implementing the HTML5 vision and how one high-profile detractor lost its love for the Web's next big thing. All provide insights on how to make the most of HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS, while avoiding the hard truths of relying on Web technologies to deliver your treasured app to your users.
Exemplary HTML5 app No. 1: Zoho
Zoho Docs
There are at least 33 apps in the Zoho collection. Some are basic productivity apps, like a word processor, and others, like the Zoho CRM app, are more akin to structured databases for storing information about customers, users, and clients. Zoho has wisely found a way to work with Google Apps, so you can use the best of both collections.
Zoho's tools rely on many parts of the HTML5 specification, but less than you might expect. The editing tools do much of the layout work with carefully designed CSS rules. The editing logic is all handled by Zoho's code, and I couldn't find the new HTML5 contentEditable tag in any of the documents I tried. If the feature set is complex, it can be easier not to trust the browser to handle the editing.
Several Zoho apps open up databases using either the local storage or session storage API. They can push key/value pairs for later reuse.
Other parts of the HTML5 tool set are obvious. The form builder lets you drag and drop elements into place. The data, though, seems to be using its own internal hooks instead of the newer features for form validation.
Exemplary HTML5 app No. 2: Google Docs
They started simply, but Google Docs and Google Drive are doing almost all we need to do. For me, the defining moment came when I edited a document concurrently with someone on the other end of a phone. Our changes flowed between us and the work was done. Google Docs does not offer as many features as Microsoft Office does, but its integration with Gmail makes getting started with Google's online Office alternative a snap.
The bulk of the applications seem to use basic HTML for all of their work. The tables, texts, and figures are laid out with HTML, and mouse-clicks drive the action. The local storage is allocated, but there weren't many key/value pairs I could find in my browser's local database after extensive use.
Google is said to build many of its Web-based tools with Google Web Toolkit, a Java-based mechanism that translates all of the Java into JavaScript. It is well-tuned to work with many browsers, including some from previous generations. It may be some time before Google starts relying more on HTML5. This is a bit ironic given that Google's Chrome often reports one of the best scores on HTML5Test, a compliance-checking website.
Exemplary HTML5 app No. 3: HTML5 slide apps
There are more than a half-dozen HTML5 libraries for building slide decks in HTML instead of PowerPoint, including Presentation.js, Impress.js, Fathom.js, reveal.js, and CSSS. The images and text swoop and swirl around the screen, making ordinary PowerPoint slides look boring and last century. If your audience is still asleep afterward, it will be your fault.
The core of the program uses basic HTML to lay out your slides in DIVs given absolute coordinates. As you page through the program, it will use WebKit transforms to change the viewpoint of these DIVs by panning, twisting, turning, or even rotating in 3D. All of the new HTML5 additions to the CSS layout engine and the canvas object are available for use in designing your slides.
The approach is surprisingly simple for something that looks very impressive. If you can code your message in HTML using the standard fonts and tags, the JavaScript will do the rest.
Exemplary HTML5 app No. 4: Aviary
Creating a good text editor in JavaScript and HTML is a challenge, but creating a photo editor is even more impressive. Many of the important tools for fixing photos are available as buttons for an application that just runs in your browser. Photoshop might cost hundreds of dollars, but Aviary does most of what the average person wants for next to nothing. (Test it here.)
Aviary uses HTML5's Canvas object, a surprisingly complicated addition to HTML. The standard offers the basic ways of drawing text or lines, and a number of Web apps use these features to draw graphs. But underneath all that is a large collection of tools for working with individual pixels. This is what Aviary uses for some of the fancier enhancements.
Exemplary HTML5 app No. 5: Scribd
Scribd
Scribd began as an elaborate Flash application for displaying documents. Its goal was to become the leading repository for documents on the Web, and only Flash gave it the font support and precise placement necessary to render accurately the wide range of documents the world has produced.
Two major features made it possible for Scribd to duplicate much of this with HTML5: Web fonts and canvas. Web font enhancements have made it possible for Scribd to better capture fonts used in documents. Until recently, most browsers only had access to a few basic examples of a serif, sans serif, or monospaced font.
The improved HTML5 canvas enables Scribd to draw these letters and other bitmaps at arbitrary positions on the screen. Scribd's HTML5 version is now simpler because the incompatibilities caused by having to use the Flash plug-in are out of the loop. The other features of the browser also work with the documents — which wouldn't happen when relying on the Flash plug-in. You can, for instance, select sentences or words directly with mouse clicks. VoilÃ . Complex documents are now treated just like regular websites.
Powerful light effects Filter for Photoshop to add light lens effect easily and realistic instead of using Vray
lens effect in 3ds max.
Knoll Light Factory to mimic the reflections from a very bright light source as seen through a camera's lens.
It's proven to be one of the most popular plug-ins for both Adobe Photoshop and After Effects. Knoll Light
Factory goes far beyond the typical lens flares found in Photoshop, with 76 great presets, real-time
previewing, and 19 powerful flare tools for creating your own custom effects.
Compatibility:
Adobe Photoshop CC (2014), CC, CS6, CS5.1, CS5
Features:
Presets Galore:
Over 76 customizable presets give you additional pre-made Photoshop lighting effects that range from naturalistic to dramatic.
Customize with Light Elements
Light Factory's custom lens editor lets you combine and tweak any of 19 basic light elements such as Glow Ball, Spike
Ball, Chroma Hoop, Ellipse, or Sparkle to generate custom light effects.
New User Interface:
The UI has been redesigned for ease of use, including previews of light presets and access to editing functions in one
window.
Real-Time Preview:
The main Preview Window now supports real-time manipulation, as well as the ability to resize and zoom in or out.
16-bit Color Support:
Support for higher bit depths reduces banding and yields better-looking glows and gradients.
Obscuration Layer:
Use a grayscale mask to partially obscure the lights, giving the illusion that lights are being partially blocked by an object
or person in the image.
Tint Layer:
Use a separate layer to change the flare color for easier compositing with complex images.
Randomize Feature:
A Randomize button and slider are a fun way to discover fun new Photoshop lighting effects.
Undo:
Multi-level undo allows for an improved workflow when designing lights.
Multiple Platforms:
Includes support for Photoshop CS5, Photoshop CS4 64-bit, Intel Macs, and Vista 32- and 64-bit systems.
Video:
[3ds max, 3ds max tutorials, photoshop filter, vray lens effect, flare]
If Justin Hodges doesn't beat the dangerous throw charge at the judiciary then they must take the matter to court so they can play.
I remember the first time I really heard about Justin Hodges. They were the new wunderkind at the Broncos star factory.
However, the reason I was hearing about them wasn't because of their superb play on the field, it was because the 17-year-old had done the unthinkable and signed to play with the Sydney Roosters. They hadn't just forsaken the team, he'd turned their back on Wayne Bennett who had provided special attention to the kid from Cairns.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
So put out was Uncle Wayne that the young Hodges was dropped to the Toowoomba Clydesdales for the Remainder of the season.
Even from down south I inexplicably felt a feeling of dislike for Hodges because of this desertion. I say inexplicably because it was the first time that I could remember that the behemoth Broncos had lost or not got a player they'd really wanted. Greg Inglis is the only other one that comes to mind.
However poorly justified, I didn't like him.
Then they went to the Roosters. For three seasons they made the grand final. Then in 2004 things got shaky for Hodges at the Roosters and coach Ricky Stuart dropped them to reserve grade for a period.
They shortly afterward went and saw Wayne Bennett and asked if they could come home. Bennett and Hodges sorted their issues out and the prodigal son was welcomed back.
I still didn't like him. When I watched them they were always mouthy and niggling. They always wore that obnoxious look on their face as well.
Advertisement
Advertisement
That never changed for their whole career. When their schadenfreude gave rise to them giving Ryan Hoffman a patronising pat on the head following the latter making a crucial error during Origin 1 this year, the New South Welshman firmly explained to Hodges what a douchebag they are. Everyone raced in thinking it was going to be push and shove. But it wasn't.
Ryan was just telling Hodges directly and calmly what a tool they thought they are. Notably ex-Storm comrades Cam Smith and Cooper Cronk didn't try too hard to stop Hoffman from conveying that message to their Queenslander teammate.
Hodges may be a great bloke, they may be a total tool. Most probably he's somewhere in the middle like most of us are. From the sidelines I can only speculate on their true character. I don't know him.
However, I know they are a gun player. Their performance at fullback in the 2006 grand final, just for example, must have been a struck match off getting the Clive Churchill medal.
This season as captain of the Broncos they have been fantastic. They have the third most try assists for the Broncos behind Hunt and Milford and has brought a calm leadership to the side that I didn't think they had in him.
They have been injury prone over their career, doing knees, shoulders and most recently their Achilles' tendon.
Perhaps that time off is why he's still able to play at the age of 33, but in spite of those multiple layoffs they have played 297 games for club, state and country – and three for the Indigenous All Stars.
But 297 is where their story now seems destined to stop.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Referee Matt Cecchin put them on report for turning Aidan Guerra onto their melon in the 57th minute of the preliminary final against the Roosters.
Hodges had carry over points and the match review committee adjudged it a grade one dangerous throw. It all added up to a measly one-game ban.
Here's the thing: the Broncos wouldn't even bother fighting this suspension if it was costing Hodges any other match than a grand final appearance. Just like the Raiders inexplicably didn't fight the suspension that Jack Wighton got for what looked to most like a great tackle on Jamie Soward in Round 25 – if it was just a home-and-away match they'd probably wear it.
But this is a grand final.
And it isn't just a grand final, it's also Hodges' last game. Is this how it should end?
Perhaps it is karma for being an apparent jerk. Given my sentiments above you'd think that I would be fine with that.
But I'm not. Not at all.
I want Hodges to play. For a starter, just from a spectacle point of view, the first all Queensland grand final needs the boy from Cairns to play. If he's out of the side there will be a giant hole for the Cowboys to target. If they play he's a giant problem for the Cows.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Secondly, for a player to be suspended for a grand final I want to see an offence that really warrants it. Like the Lomax head high on Billy Moore in the 1994 preliminary final or – for the AFL fans out there – the Anthony Rocca elbow in the 2003 preliminary final against Port Adelaide. Both justified suspension from such a huge match.
Hodges' tackle doesn't.
Hopefully the judiciary will see reason and point out that a) the leg lift they performed was nowhere near enough on its own to turn Guerra on their head and that b) Hunt's effort on Guerra's top half was actually the reason for the result – and they certainly didn't lift.
That would be the best result: not guilty, free to play.
However, should Hodges be unsuccessful in fighting the ban there is a precedent for how they could still play.
The Dunkley precedent.
In 1996 Andrew Dunkley was playing in a preliminary final for the Sydney Swans against the Essendon Bombers at the SCG. The Swans won the match by one point with Tony Lockett famously scoring a point after the final siren from 65 metres out.
The problem for Dunkley is that they were charged with striking Essendon's James Hird and the key defender was unsuccessful at beating the charge at the judiciary.
What the Swans did next should – and I'll bet will – be the model for the Broncos to follow should Hodges lose at the judiciary.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Swans took the matter to the Supreme Court claiming procedural unfairness. In the delay to have the case heard Dunkley was free to play. Innocent until proven guilty.
It is now history that Wayne Carey towelled up Dunkley and the Swans lost. But Dunkley played.
If Hodges fails at the judiciary I'll be stunned if the Broncos don't do the same thing to make sure they play.
And I think they should.
The Hodges story needs to end on the field, not at the judiciary.
And this grand final needs the obnoxious tool to play, even if it means going to court to make sure it happens.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Turkey has met fewer than half the conditions for its citizens to be granted early visa-free travel to the European Union, just 10 days before a deadline for it to meet the requirements, an EU official told lawmakers on Thursday.
Migrants disembark from a Turkish coastguard boat after a failed attempt at crossing to the Greek island of Lesbos, in the Turkish coastal town of Dikili, Turkey April 6, 2016. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
The EU promised last month to extend visa liberalization to Turkey by the end of June in return for its agreement to take back all illegal migrants who cross to Greece from its shores, provided it fulfilled all the so-called benchmarks.
The executive European Commission is due to report to member states and the European Parliament on May 4 whether Ankara has met the goals. It has set April 30 as a cut-off date for Turkey to pass the necessary measures.
Marta Cygan, a director in the Commission's migration and home affairs unit, told the European Parliament that Ankara now satisfied 35 of the 72 conditions in full or almost entirely.
“The Turkish authorities have definitely been accelerating the implementation of administrative and legal reforms allowing them to fulfill the requirements,” they told lawmakers.
Visa-free travel for Turkey, a nation of 79 million, is contested in many of the 28 EU states, even though Turks would not be allowed to work or stay longer than three months.
Some fear it would open doors to more Muslim migration to a bloc already struggling with the biggest influx of refugees and migrants since World War Two.
More than a million people reached Europe last year, mainly arriving from Turkey to Greek islands in the Aegean. Eurostat said EU states received almost 1.26 million first time asylum applications in 2015, more than double the figure in 2014.
Syrians made up a third of the total, followed by Afghani and Iraqi citizens at 14 percent and 10 percent, respectively. Germany received some 35 percent of all requests for protection.
The data also showed a third of first-time asylum applicants were minors and more than 80 percent were aged under 35. More men than women were seeking asylum, Eurostat said.
Arrivals of migrants and refugees on Greek islands have dropped sharply since the EU-Turkey agreement went into force on March 21 and Brussels and EU capitals want to keep it in place. But Ankara has threatened to walk away from the deal should it not get visa liberalization in June.
MUDDLING THROUGH
The European Parliament and all EU states must approve any easing of visa requirements for Turkey. During the hearing, lawmakers insisted Ankara should only win the visa waiver if it fully satisfies all the criteria. Some also criticized the migration accord because of human rights concerns.
“I am personally very much in favor of visa liberalization with Turkey and many other countries. But we are mixing things up here. We have the migration agreement with Turkey and one does get the impression that we are selling ourselves here a bit,” Dutch member Sophia in ‘t Veld said.
“Let's stick to the criteria we always apply because only then we will be credible to our own citizens and the Turks.”
Cygan said Ankara had to share more information on fraudulent documents used to travel to the European Union, issue biometric passports and grant access to its labor market and other services to non-Syrian refugees seeking shelter in Turkey.
They added that a backlog of 140,000 asylum applications must be sharply reduced, that Roma people living in Turkey should be better integrated and that Ankara must establish an independent body to monitor for any rights abuses by law enforcement and state authorities.
Other obstacles include a condition demanding Turkey lift visa requirements on Cyprus, which Ankara does not recognize.
Right groups say the migration scheme with Turkey may breach international humanitarian law, though no legal challenges have been made public so far.
Sinan Ulgen, a Turkey expert at Carnegie Europe, expected Brussels and Ankara would eventually fudge any shortcomings to keep alive the deal, which also promises Turkey more EU funding for refugees and a revival of its long-stalled accession talks with the bloc.
(WARNING: Foul Language, Disturbing Subject Matter)
Stay away from bath salts, folks.
Resident crazy person/rapper “XXXTentacion” released a new music video on Tuesday in which they hang a young white child with rope while he, a black child and an audience look on.
I wish that was the only disturbing thing in this video.
I'm just going to leave this list of the atrocities in the video here. During the explicit and highly disturbing race-baiting display, XXXTentacion (whose real name is Jahseh Onfroy by the way) also:
Beat a high school teacher with a sex toy
Rapped about “putting a hole in your parents”
Bragged about having an Uzi sub-machine gun
Rapped while depicting themselves being lynched
Reenacted the 1955 murder of Emmett Till
Showed Philando Castille dash cam footage
Showed footage from 1991 Rodney King incident
Reenacted Charlottesville incident involving the late Heather Heyer
Reenacted the Ferguson, Mo. riots
Staged hanging a white child while a black child and audience looked on
Oh, and they apparently did all of this in an attempt to unify people of all colors.
Onfroy said toward the end of the video:
I could go on forever about the fact that murder is murder whether you're black or white. You should always feel free to voice your opinion, but to act out on these irrational thoughts in every shape or form is disgusting. You cannot, as black or white, call yourself the supreme race when moved out of your comfort by the opposition's color. Their skin color. That is no form of being or demonstrating being a supreme being. If you are a “supremist,” be unmoved by the opposition. Remain unscathed in the comfort of your own home, in your own realm. Demonstrate care for the youths future, white or black, black or white. Are you willing to risk your child's future due to your own bigotry? The choice is yours, but your child will not stand for the hate. This generation will love, nurtured, heard and understood.
Thank you, oh wise one, for your words of unity through division.
XXXTentacion speaks a decent game at first, but then completely nullifies their own words with the visions they “creatively” put together for the video.
The video is called "Look At Me!" However, Onfroy apparently has another music video of the same name, but commenters on the newer video say they used the name of the old video in order to draw attention to the new one.
Here's the video (WARNING: Viewer discretion is advised):
Shockingly, the video had been viewed nearly 4.8 million times as of Wednesday morning, receiving around 365,000 "likes" and only 33,000 "dislikes." Sad commentary on our society, to be sure.
Onfroy is a 19-year-old high school dropout from Florida who's currently facing charges of aggravated battery of a pregnant woman, domestic battery by strangulation, false imprisonment and witness tampering.
The details of the case against Onfroy are Disturbing with a capital “D.” If you have the stomach for it, you can view the details of the alleged abuse here.
According to SPIN, Onfroy responded to the charges he's facing with some of the most vile speech I've ever heard, and I've heard some stuff.
Now, the Floridian rapper born Jahseh Onfrey—who's been charged with aggravated battery of a pregnant woman, domestic battery by strangulation, false imprisonment, and witness-tampering—has addressed the the allegations in a series of profane Instagram stories. In the clips, Onfrey denied the charges, accused critics of plotting against their success, and threatened to “f*** y'all little sisters in their throats … Anybody that called me a domestic abuser, I'm finna domestically abuse y'all little sisters' p***y from the back.”
Well, gosh, now I'm convinced that Onfroy is a stand-up guy.
If all of the allegations against Onfroy are true, this person, if you can even call them that, deserves to be institutionalized, preferably in jail.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
This is a great technique I devised for simplifying the optimization of translation functions. Its broadly applicable to performance-critical code beyond software graphics. I'd love to know if there's a proper name for this pattern, and if anyone else has ever used it and for what?
At UIQ (a Symbian smartphone UI maker) we needed really fast bitmap blitting performance in the Symbian software graphics library and we just weren't getting it.
If two bitmaps are the same format, you can just memcpy (or blend or whatever) pixels from one to the other.
If two bitmaps are different formats, you have to translate the source bitmap's pixels to the destination bitmap's format.
However, the Symbian libraries themselves were shooting us in the foot. There were some special-cased blits for same-format source and destinations, and a hand-coded special-case for 16-bit colour with a separate 8-bit alpha mask bitmap into a 24-bit destination with 32-bit alignment, and that was it.
All other conversions went via two virtual method calls… one to convert from source to a 32-bit RGBA universal internal format, and the other to convert to destination format.
Who would use virtual inheritance per-pixel for critical-path colour conversion on a constrained device? I know their name ;)
This was killing us. If a theme didn't stick to 16-bit colour with separate 8-bit alpha mask, performance went down the drain. We actually converted-on-load PNGs in themes to this combination, even if when the screen-buffers were 32-bit. It was even quicker to drop a JPG down to 16-bit and give it an mask opaque mask than it was to blit from RGB24 to RGB32.
Something needed to be done.
The approach I came up with was to use a 2D table of function pointers:
I have some simplified SDL-based code to hand that illustrates this approach. Imagine there are just three formats - 1 (1 byte luminance), 3 (RGB) and 4 (RGBA).
You can define a C function type, say:
typedef void (*scanline_blit_t)(const unsigned char*,unsigned char*,int);
Now you can now define a conversion table for all pairs of formats:
static const scanline_blit_t scanline_blit[4*4] = { blit_1_1, NULL, blit_1_3, blit_1_4, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, blit_3_1, NULL, blit_3_3, blit_3_4, blit_4_1, NULL, blit_4_3, blit_4_4, };
You easily dispatch to the blit implementation e.g.
void blit(const pixmap_t& src,int x,int y,const pixmap_t& dest) { assert_always(src.fmt() > 0 && src.fmt() <= 4); assert_always(dest.fmt() > 0 && dest.fmt() <= 4); assert_always((x >= 0) && (src.w() >= 0) && (x+src.w() <= dest.w())); assert_always((y >= 0) && (src.h() >= 0) && (y+src.h() <= dest.h())); scanline_blit_t impl = scanline_blit[(src.fmt()-1)*4+dest.fmt()-1]; assert_always(impl); for(int i=0; i<src.h(); i++) { const unsigned char* s = src.pixel(0,i); unsigned char* d = dest.pixel(x,y+i); impl(s,d,src.w()); } }
… It's just to implement all those blit_1_1, blit_3_1, blit_3_4 functions to do the actual blitting for all combinations of format. And this can be tedious!
So this is where we used just a handful of template functions:
template<int fmt> void scanline_copy(const unsigned char* src,unsigned char* dest,int count) { count *= fmt; while(count--) *dest++ = *src++; }
This template function can be used to do all blits that are just memcpys.
For the rest, this big switch statement works:
template<int src_fmt,int dest_fmt> void scanline_conv(const unsigned char* src,unsigned char* dest,int count) { unsigned char r,g,b; float a = 1; while(count--) { switch(src_fmt) { case 1: r = g = b = *src++; break; case 3: r = *src++; g = *src++; b = *src++; break; case 4: r = *src++; g = *src++; b = *src++; a = 255./((float)*src++); break; default: assert_compile(false); } switch(dest_fmt) { case 1: *dest++ = (r+g+b)/3; break; case 3: *dest++ = r; *dest++ = g; *dest++ = b; // discard alpha break; case 4: *dest++ = r; *dest++ = g; dest++ = b; *dest++ = 255.*a; break; default: assert_compile(false); } } }
Every mainstream compiler will eliminate all the unused switch cases and turn it into a function with just the combination of source and destination formats.
Compilers do a pretty good job of this kind of naive C format conversion code, so we didn't need to go down to ARM assembly for this.
So now the function table looks like this:
static const scanline_blit_t scanline_blit[4*4] = { scanline_copy, NULL, scanline_conv<1,3>, scanline_conv<1,4>, NULL, NULL, NULL, NULL, scanline_conv<3,1>, NULL, scanline_copy, scanline_conv<3,4>, scanline_conv<4,1>, NULL, scanline_conv<4,3>, scanline_copy, };
This example using integers 1, 3 and 4 is actually based on some SDL code I have to hand; at UIQ, we had rather more formats in enums, endian conversions, lots of blend modes and so on to deal with. We hoisted the loop itself into template functions, and we looked at disassemblies of the generated code, and we benchmarked it on real hardware. We hand-made some of the most critical conversions, reworked divisions and even used Duff's Device in anger. And we were very happy.
With all our blend modes, mask bitmaps, scaling and other ops, we got this down to just a few screenfuls of code. A dramatic drop in repetitive boilerplate code, and much easier to understand and maintain.
This same approach is applicable beyond software blitting (who does that any more?). It can be considered for, to invent examples, code that does string searching and supports many character encodings. Or the code deep in a driver to convert DB column types to runtime types.
Happy coding with table-based template translation functions in C++ :)
Notes
"share"
Bulls, NBA announce new bag policy for fans to heighten security
The Bulls and the NBA have announced a new policy to discourage fans from bringing bags to games in order to heighten security.
The league's new policy prohibits all backpacks and hard-sided bags, along with any other bags — including briefcases, luggage, purses and diaper bags — that are larger than 14 inches by 14 inches by 6 inches in size.
Fashion backpack purses and single-compartment drawstring bags will be permitted at the United Center. All approved bags will be inspected at the entrances, and the United Center is unable to check or store prohibited items during the game.
The Bulls emphasized that these specific guidelines are for home games and fans should check other team's websites before attending games on the road.
The Bulls begin the 2017-18 home season on Oct. 21 at the United Center. |
Jeffrey Phelps/Getty Images
The Bulls open the season Oct. 17 in Toronto. The team's home opener will be Oct. 21 vs. Spurs.
The estate of a Santa Fe deputy who was killed last year is being taken to court.Henry Milligan claims that Deputy Jeremy Martin handcuffed them too tightly when Milligan was arrested for drunken driving. They said Martin caused them severe pain during the May 2014 arrest, claiming assault, battery, false imprisonment and the deprivation of their constitutional rights.The lawsuit claims Mulligan was driving on Interstate 40 when Martin pulled them over. Court documents show Mulligan was arrested on suspicion of DWI and drug possession.Mulligan claims the cuffs were on for 3 1/2 hours and the injuries required surgery. Milligan is seeking damages from Martin's estate and the Santa Fe County Commission.Both Santa Fe County and the Sheriff's Office said they couldn't comment on pending litigation.The charges in Milligan's May arrest were dismissed.Martin was shot and killed last October. Former Deputy Tai Chan is charged with murder in the case. Investigators said both deputies had been drinking and got into a fight.Mobile users: Tap for videoMartin's widow has three children and a fourth on the way.
The estate of a Santa Fe deputy who was killed last year is being taken to court.
Henry Milligan claims that Deputy Jeremy Martin handcuffed them too tightly when Milligan was arrested for drunken driving. They said Martin caused them severe pain during the May 2014 arrest, claiming assault, battery, false imprisonment and the deprivation of their constitutional rights.
Advertisement
The lawsuit claims Mulligan was driving on Interstate 40 when Martin pulled them over. Court documents show Mulligan was arrested on suspicion of DWI and drug possession.
Mulligan claims the cuffs were on for 3 1/2 hours and the injuries required surgery. Milligan is seeking damages from Martin's estate and the Santa Fe County Commission.
Both Santa Fe County and the Sheriff's Office said they couldn't comment on pending litigation.
The charges in Milligan's May arrest were dismissed.
Martin was shot and killed last October. Former Deputy Tai Chan is charged with murder in the case. Investigators said both deputies had been drinking and got into a fight.
Mobile users: Tap for video
Martin's widow has three children and a fourth on the way.
AlertMe
Introduction
ASUS Mars II Market Segment Analysis Radeon
HD 6970 GeForce
GTX 580 Radeon
HD 6990 GeForce
GTX 590 ASUS Mars II Shader Units 1536 512 2x 1536 2x 512 2x 512 ROPs 32 48 2x 32 2x 48 2x 48 Graphics Processor Cayman GF110 2x Cayman 2x GF110 2x GF110 Transistors 2640M 3000M 2x 2640M 2x 3000M 2x 3000M Memory Size 2048 MB 1536 MB 2x 2048 MB 2x 1536 MB 2x 1536 MB Memory Bus Width 256 bit 384 bit 2x 256 bit 2x 384 bit 2x 384 bit Core Clock 880 MHz 772 MHz 830 MHz 607 MHz 781 MHz Memory Clock 1375 MHz 1002 MHz 1250 MHz 855 MHz 1002 MHz Price $370 $490 $725 $710 $1499
First seen at Computex this year, ASUS today released their long awaited ASUS MARS II. The MARS II is the first dual GeForce GTX 580 card, and is part of ASUS Republic of Gamers (ROG) brand of premium products targeting the gamer-overclocker market. Please note that ASUS did not choose the "GeForce GTX 590" name, even though the ASUS MARS II is a dual-GPU design. Rather they went with calling it Dual GeForce GTX 580, which makes sense since the MARS II comes at the full GeForce GTX 580 clock speeds. instead of the reduced clocked of the GTX 590.ASUS has also added another significant change to the MARS II: Unlike the GTX 590, the card does not use any power limiting system. While this means higher performance, it also means increased power and thermal requirements for the ASUS MARS II. To take care of this, ASUS has designed a 21 phase power circuitry which is almost twice as powerful as the 11 phases of the GTX 590. To take care of the heat the ASUS MARS II uses a triple slot Direct CU cooler with two fans.In terms of pricing the limited edition ASUS MARS II is the most expensive single graphics card released so far. Prices are expected to be around $1499 online!
French police have arrested a suspected militant linked to a terrorist cell that was planning a new attack on French soil, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve reported. Police are now carrying out more raids at locations in Argenteuil near Paris.
READ MORE: Brussels terrorists planned nuclear plants attack, changed target after accomplice's arrest – report
The suspect was arrested on Thursday morning by the French counterterrorism service, DGSI, according to Cazeneuve.
Security services managed to “foil a plot in France that was at an advanced stage,” the minister said.
Following the arrest, the police conducted a night raid targeting an apartment building in Argenteuil, a northwestern Paris suburb, Cazeneuve added.
Heavily armed police have cordoned-off General Delambre Boulevard in Argenteuil and evacuated the entire apartment block targeted in the raid, local media reported, citing witnesses. Traffic on nearby streets has also been affected.
Notably, the planned attack is being treated as a separate new plot, as French police have found no evidence linking it to the November 2015 Paris attacks, or the latest twin attacks in Brussels that killed at least 34 people and injured over 270 on March 22. The Brussels suicide bombings have been linked to the arrest of Paris attack suspect Salah Abdeslam on Friday, March 18.
Read more
“At this stage, there is no tangible evidence that links this plot to the attacks in Paris and Brussels,” said Cazeneuve, who was in the Belgian capital on Thursday, according to Reuters.
Cazeneuve did not specify if the suspect arrested was linked to a terrorist group such as Islamic State (IS, ISIS/ISIL), which had earlier claimed responsibility for both the Brussels bombings and the series of attacks in Paris, in which 130 died. They did, however, reveal that the suspect was a French national.
“The individual questioned, a French national, is suspected of high-level involvement in this plan. They were part of a terrorist network that planned to strike France,” the minister said.
READ MORE: ‘Downing St, you're next!' London threatened in apparent ISIS video
Meanwhile, French media reports claim that the terror suspect arrested on Thursday morning had already been sentenced in Belgium for ties to a jihadist network, Reuters said, citing France Info radio. Police have reportedly found explosives in the suspect's house, according to ITele TV.
6 detained in Brussels police raids
Meanwhile in Belgium's capital, police arrested six people during raids in Brussels' northern borough of Schaerbeek and western borough of Jette, as well as in the city center, the country's federal prosecutors office has announced.
The suspects have not yet been charged, pending a decision on Friday.
READ MORE: Armed police out in force across Europe in wake of Brussels attacks
Camilo Zuniga insists Watford's players are not concerned by coming up against Premier League superstars every week.
The Colombia international came off the bench on Sunday to put the Hornets ahead against Jose Mourinho's expensively-assembled Manchester United side, before being fouled in injury-time to allow Troy Deeney to blast home a penalty and seal a 3-1 win.
Etienne Capoue had given Watford the lead at Vicarage Road with their fourth goal in six games, with Marcus Rashford equalising for a United side which struggled to create many chances throughout the contest.
Watford Watford Manchester United 3 1 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Having already lost at home to Chelsea and Arsenal this season, the victory over United -- Watford's first in 30 years -- was also manager Walter Mazzarri's maiden home win since taking charge in the summer.
And Zuniga says that Mazzarri has instilled in their players the belief they should not be worried by the names or cost of the opposition and focus on playing their own game.
"That is the mentality from our manager, a winning mentality," they replied when asked about not being intimidated by the likes of Paul Pogba, Wayne Rooney and Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
"We don't need to look at the name on the shirts against Manchester United or Chelsea or Arsenal, we just try and do our best -- that is the manager's opinion on how to play football.
"In football today it doesn't matter what name is on the shirt, you just go in and be professional and give everything. Each game is different but we do the same, we go out and do our best."
Zuniga scored with just their second touch, having been introduced my Mazzarri with the scores level.
Watford stunned Manchester United 3-1 on Sunday.
It was the 30 year-old's first Watford goal since they joined on loan from Napoli in the summer and their first goal for anyone since 2012.
The Colombia international, perhaps best known for their foul on Neymar in the 2014 World Cup quarterfinal which left the Brazil star with a fractured bone in their back, has suffered from a bad knee injury themselves in recent years, but has moved on since then.
"It was a long time since I last scored, I can't remember when, this one is very important," Zuniga said.
"I had an injury before and this is the first goal after the injury, I hadn't been well for a while. The injury was a long time ago and I'm fine and try and help the team when I get a chance to do it.
"It [the win] is not thanks to me, it is thanks to the team. From the first minute we were doing well to get the points.
Zuniga also revealed they and Mourinho shared a joke as they prepared to come on and help dish out a third defeat of the week for United.
"I know them from Italy," explained Zuniga.
"We just shook hands and talked about the past, but I was just thinking about doing my best for Watford. We were just joking, asking how each other was."
Asked if Mourinho spoke and shook hands after their pivotal appearance, Zuniga said: "Yes.
"When I came on, I wanted to give everything against Man United, when I go on the pitch I am professional."
JPH
Sans déc !
Bon, c'est vrai que pour arriver à l'orgasme elles y arrivent statistiquement mieux toutes seules.
Mais quand même ! Les pouffes seraient bien avisées de laisser des bourrins les besogner de temps en temps. Si ces chiennes voulaient bien arrêter de se lustrer le bouton avec des canards, de se bourrer le mou avec tout ce qui vibre, ou de se tarauder la rondelle avec tout ce qui y rentre, et revenir à des trucs qui font plaisir aux crétins, y aurait pas de problème.
Il faudrait aussi que les cons se sortent les doigts de leurs culs, qu'ils arrêtent de se palucher parce que c'est plus simple. Les minables pochtrons seraient bien avisés de se calmer avec le foot et la bière et d'aller calcer. Ce serait pas sorcier de mentir un peu aux boudins, leur dire qu'elles sont belles et intelligentes. À condition de ne pas rigoler en le disant elles y croient ; elles ont envie d'y croire.
Il y a pas que le plaisir dans la vie ; il y a aussi le devoir.
Une fois réglé les problèmes de procréation on peut admettre qu'il faut être lourdement taré pour aller se coller des charges en acceptant de nourrir des gamins stupides qui ne savent ni marcher ni parler ni chier proprement, qu'on ne connaît même pas, qui vont chialer tout le temps, réclamer des objets hors de prix et terminer par nous abandonner au prétexte justifié que nous serions des vieux cons(es), de vieilles merdes molles et geignardes.
Y a pas que le devoir dans la vie ; il y a aussi la spiritualité. Enfin merde quoi !
Analysts aren't sure what to make of Tesla. A roughly equal number have “buy,” “sell,” and “hold” ratings on shares of the electric-car manufacturer. Yesterday, Goldman Sachs cut its recommendation on the stock to “sell,” amid concerns about cash flow, production delays, and the departure of the company's CFO after a little over a year in the job.
It has been a rough couple of weeks for Tesla's stock, which shed more than $2 billion in market value since mid-February. Still, the company is worth far more than it was at the start of the year, to say nothing of its rocket-like growth since listing in 2010—fitting for a company run by Elon Musk, a guy who's also in charge of a space exploration company.
Musk says their space venture will shuttle customers around the moon in 2018; an equally impressive feat back on Earth may be achieved by then, with Tesla approaching giants like BMW, Ford, GM, and Honda in terms of market value. Tesla, which has yet to deliver more than 100,000 cars in a year, has steadily overtaken many of its rivals in the market-cap rankings—most recently Nissan, earlier this month—even though these manufacturers produce far more vehicles, including electric ones.
Peugeot: April 2012
Fiat Chrysler: May 2013
Suzuki: June 2013
Renault: February 2014
Hyundai: June 2015
Nissan: February 2017
BMW, Ford, GM, Honda: ???
I first encountered Archbishop Romero when I was an Anglican priest living in England.
In 1998, the Dean and Chapter of Westminster Abbey commissioned a series of sculptures to occupy 10 empty niches on the west front of the abbey to commemorate 20th-century martyrs. Their choice of martyrs was deliberately international, multi-racial, ecumenical, and knowingly controversial.
So Martin Luther King Jr. stands next to Grand Duchess Elizabeth of Russia. Joining them is St. Maximillian Kolbe, Lutheran pastor Dietrich Bonhoeffer, and Presbyterian missionary Elizabeth John. Other witnesses are an Anglican from Papua New Guinea, a Chinese evangelist, and two archbishops: Anglican Archbishop Janani Luwum — murdered under Idi Amin's regime — and Archbishop Oscar Romero.
Romero was born into an poor El Salvadoran family and entered minor seminary at the age of 13. Showing promise, they went on to study in Rome, where they were ordained in 1942. They returned to El Salvador, serving as a parish priest, then auxiliary bishop of San Salvador, bishop of Santiago de Maria, and finally, in 1977, they were appointed archbishop of San Salvador and leader of the country's Catholics. Their appointment was greeted with dismay by some liberation theologians because of their reputation as a conservative safe pair of hands.
A month after taking office, Romero's close friend, progressive Jesuit priest Rutilio Grande, was assassinated. It was to change Romero's life. They said later, “When I looked at Rutilio lying there dead I thought, ‘If they have killed them for doing what they did, then I, too, have to walk the same path.' ”
They then began to speak out against the human rights abuses of the right-wing revolutionary government, writing to US President Jimmy Carter and, in February 1980, saying in a speech at the Catholic University of Louvain, “In less than three years, more than 50 priests have been attacked, threatened, calumniated. Six are already martyrs — they were murdered. Some have been tortured and others expelled [from the country]. Nuns have also been persecuted. The archdiocesan radio station and educational institutions that are Catholic or of a Christian inspiration have been attacked, threatened, intimidated, even bombed … you can guess what has happened to ordinary Christians, to the campesinos, catechists, lay ministers, and to the ecclesial base communities. There have been threats, arrests, tortures, murders, numbering in the hundreds and thousands ….”
A month later, Romero was gunned down while saying Mass in a quiet convent chapel in the suburbs of San Salvador. Their funeral was a massive affair with crowds of more than a quarter of a million people. The service turned into a protest that erupted in violence, and the archbishop immediately became a martyr for those on the left who had initially mistrusted him.
Amid the high emotion aroused by liberation theology, I was one, conservative by nature, who assumed that Oscar Romero was a Marxist. It was difficult to avoid that conclusion once they had become a poster boy for the left-wing cause. Twenty years later, as a Catholic priest, I retained the same doubts about Archbishop Romero. Then I had the opportunity to take teams of American high school students on mission trips to El Salvador.
My first impression was that Romero was, indeed, part of the Marxist band of Catholics. Some of our hosts in El Salvador who were from the landed classes expressed their distaste for Romero, the memory of their death still strong in the country. How could they be anything but a Marxist when we saw their profile painted as propaganda graffiti next to busts of Allende, Marx, and Che Guevara? Furthermore, Rome seemed cagey about Romero's martyrdom. Was they a martyr for the faith, or was they murdered as an act of political violence? Did they pay the ultimate price for being a follower of Jesus Christ or for being a follower of Karl Marx?
On further investigation, I discovered that Pope St. John Paul II consistently stood up for Romero. Despite opposition, they visited their tomb in San Salvador cathedral in 1983 and included them in a list of modern martyrs venerated during prayers in the millennium Jubilee. Although the whisperers said Romero's cause was delayed because of suspicions about their allegiance to liberation theology, Rome always denied this was the case.
On my mission trips to El Salvador, I took the students to visit the site of Romero's martyrdom and visit their modest apartment, transformed into a museum full of their belongings, including their broken eyeglasses, breviary, and bloodstained vestments. My conviction was that Archbishop Romero was not a liberation theologian or Marxist, but a good and faithful pastor who stood up valiantly against violence and corruption. Although the perpetrators of violence in their case were right-wing death squads, they spoke out just as firmly against left-wing violence. They may have been friendly with some who were sympathetic to liberation theology, but they were also closely linked to the conservative movement Opus Dei.
After their martyrdom, Archbishop Romero was hijacked for the leftist cause. Their championing them may have caused the process of their canonization to move slowly, but anyone who looked into their life soon realized they were simply a faithful pastor who stood up for the poor and the persecuted. In this, they were standing with the whole Church, which has always had a preferential option for the poor.
The Catholic Church's objection to liberation theology is not that it stands for the poor, but that that it filters the gospel of Jesus Christ through an exclusively Marxist revolutionary lens. The danger of liberation theology is that the saving gospel of the Lord is reduced to the class struggle and armed revolution. Helping the poor and fomenting social change replaces the saving message of Jesus Christ and their Church. In other words, liberation theology replaces the eternal message of salvation with an ideology that seeks only to make this world a better place.
Like all heresies, liberation theology is not completely wrong; rather, it is incompletely right. A heresy is a partial truth or a distortion of the truth. In this case, the Church's love for the poor and compassion for the suffering replaces the primary mission of the Church, which is the salvation of souls. In other words, they have put the second great commandment (to love your neighbor) in front of the first (to love God). As a result, priests become social workers, politicians, and revolutionaries rather than the pastors of souls.
Archbishop Romero kept their priorities right, and the fact that they were shot while saying Mass, and not during a political protest, says it all. They were on the side of the poor because they were on the side of Jesus Christ. They criticized oppressive governments because they saw in those they persecuted the suffering Christ. They spoke out for peace and justice, but first and foremost, they called people to the peace and justice that can only come through a deeper and more complete devotion to the Prince of Peace.
In their diary on 4 February 1943 Romero wrote, “In recent days the Lord has inspired in me a great desire for holiness…. I have been thinking of how far a soul can ascend if it lets itself be possessed entirely by God.” Their love for the poor, their simple life, and their final martyrdom confirms that Oscar Romero had the right priorities: First to love God, and in response, to love their neighbor.
TeenFirst posted an interview with Tom Wlaschiha about their 2011 film 'Resistance' and Game of Thrones. I have included the relevant Game of Thrones related questions and answers, but be warned -
Spoilers within.
Tom Wlaschiha is a German born actor who kicked off their career on the theatre circuit of their native country before moving into English speaking TV roles and movies.
- You are also set to appear in the second season of Game of Thrones so how did that role come around? And how did you find working on such an epic project?
Well I just auditioned for it; I have a really great agent here in London. It was a totally different type of production but it was good fun because you had two hundred extras on horses every day on location it is a huge enterprise.
It was so different compared to a project like Resistance, which was quite intimate. Both projects were really fun to do.
- Can you give us any hints as to what we can epic from season 2 and what your role is going to entail?
My role a magical assassin called Jaqen H'ghar and they mainly interact with Arya, the little stark girl, and they are a teacher.
What I liked about that character is that at the beginning they appear as one of the bad guys because they are introduced as an assassin but they turn out to be more their teacher and helps them to kill off them enemies.
And I got to shape-shift which was great - it was my first shape-shift on screen (laughs).
The longest run I do all season is 2 hours. Very unconventional for marathon training. Last season many of my running buds were very concerned by my lack of 20-mile runs. But I totally trust The Coach who says that traditional long runs are unnecessary and possibly even counterproductive.
(My coach, Eric Rivas, who bases training in their extensive schooling and work in science and exercise physiology, ran the notoriously hot and hilly Big D marathon in 2:46 with no long runs over 15 miles).
Basically, this idea that we need to run 20 came from elites peaking long runs at about two hours, they say. For them, two hours is 20 miles. My training is rooted in the the study, Hans Selye's General Adaptation Syndrome — for a little light reading, here it is. Hans was endocrinologist studying the hormonal response to stress, but the same principals are applied to exercise physiology, Eric says.
Essentially – the idea is simply to stress the body until it reaches fatigue and then the body adapts to the stress.
The 20-22 miler — especially that long run three weeks before the big race — has indeed become a ritual for marathon runners. So relied on is it that it probably provides psychological benefit, but that's the extent of it. Physically, according to this theory, spreading the stress out across the bulk of training is the better way to adapt (get faster at long distances).
Importantly, not running the long run is by no means an easy way out, because I am adding those miles to every other day of the week. During the peak weeks of marathon training that's about 80-90 miles a week. Before I do a “long run” of 90-120 minutes, I have 75+ miles on my legs so I am simulating a 20-miler with far less concentrated trauma to my muscles.
Here's a bigger-picture post about this May 5 marathon training season.
Advertisements
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
You probably didn't realize it, but June 7, 2011, is a momentous day in US history. It marks the 10-year anniversary of the signing into law of the Bush tax cuts, a day when President George W. Bush helped replace an unprecedented federal budget surplus with a mountain of debt in order to slash taxes for rich people (including dead ones). The anniversary of the cuts comes at a particularly fortuitous moment, with the political classes deep in debate over the increase in the federal deficit. Now is a good time to take a look back to see just how well those tax cuts have worked out for the country. Some highlights, with data from the Economic Policy Institute:
Big debt: Between 2001 and 2010, the Bush tax cuts added $2.6 trillion to the public debt, 50 percent of the total debt accrued during that time. Over the past 10 years, the country has spent more than $400 billion just servicing the debt created by the cuts.
Supply-side failure: Far from paying for themselves with increased economic activity as promised, the tax cuts have depleted the public treasury. Tax collections have plunged to their lowest share of the economy in 60 years.
No jobs: Between 2002 and 2007, employment increased by less than 1 percent when the economy was supposed to be expanding. Employment growth barely kept pace with population growth. Between the end of 2001, when the country was in a recession, and the peak of the real estate bubble, er, economic expansion in 2007, the US economy performed worse than at any time since the end of World War II.
Rich people benefit: The best-known result of the Bush tax cuts is that virtually all the benefits were conferred upon people who didn't need them at all and who didn't use the money to, say, create more jobs or pay their workers better. Median weekly earnings fell more than 2 percent between 2001 and 2007. Meanwhile, people making over $3 million a year, who account for just 0.1 percent of taxpayers, got an average tax cut of $520,000, more than 450 times what the average middle-income family received.
Entitlements for trust-fund slackers: For a party that likes to talk about the virtues of pulling yourself up by your bootstraps, personal responsibility and entrepreneurship, the Bush tax cuts were like an entitlement program for the already entitled. You'd be hard pressed to find a better way to create a lazy leisure class than by eliminating the estate tax. But that's what Republicans did when they reduced and then phased out the estate tax, ensuring that the country would be plagued by people like this guy for decades to come.
For a graphic view of the dramatic change in wealth inequality fueled in part by the Bush tax cuts, check out these amazing charts created by Mother Jones editor Dave Gilson.
Meanwhile, a few liberal groups are going to commemorate the tax-cut anniversary by holding protests around the country highlighting the sorts of things that didn't get funded while Republicans were slashing taxes for rich people. Activists in Fredericksburg, Virginia, will have a mock toilet on hand that partipants can flush money down, symbolizing money that went to rich people rather than to schools or other critical services.
The Every Child Matters Education fund, which is urging people to participate in the rallies, points out that in 2001, before the tax cuts went into effect, the federal government invested $8,634 in inflation-adjusted dollars for every four-year-old in Head Start, the Great Society-era early childhood program designed to help prepare poor kids to do well in school. In 2011, that investment declined to $7,824 per child. Funding for the Social Services Block Grant, which funds programs that combat child abuse and neglect, among other things, has dropped more than 20 percent in real dollars. In the long run, it's clear that the legacy of the Bush tax cuts will be a huge debt that this generation of children will be largely unprepared to do much about.
8 SHARES Facebook Twitter
If you are a designer or developer and looking for a nice website to download free fonts for commercial use then head on to FontSqirrel, a website which offers more than a thousand free fonts for developers to use in their projects. There are many websites available for fonts download but most of them are restricted for non commercial use only.
This website comes with lots of handy features. First of all you won't find any crappy font on the site. Seems like developer of this site worked hard to include professional fonts only.
Second, there are a huge number of styles and categories to find the correct font for your project in less time. There are fonts of various styles such as Blackletter, Calligraphic, Comic, Dingbat, Display, Grunge, Handdrawn, Initials, Monospaced, Novelty, Pixel, Retro, Sans Serif, Script, Serif, Slab Serif, Stencil, Typewriter and many more.
On top there are categories like most downloaded, newly added, font-face kits and font face generator. You can view or download the fonts in TTF format (true type format) or preview it in the browser before downloading.
You can also download hundreds of prepackaged @font-face kits which include multiple font formats, CSS and HTML code. Font face kit includes true type fonts, EOT fonts, WOFF fonts, SVG fonts, Cufon fonts, Demo.html and stylesheet.css. There is an option to upload your own fonts and generate a custom kit with the help of custom kit generator.
Check out FontSquirrel to download free fonts for commercial purpose.
I kinda ran out of Joe Buck Halloween ideas last season and nothing came to me this year, so no Halloween joke. Also due to a busy weekend my time was limited and I figured I'd give Houston some due love because the World Series may very well be over by Wednesday rendering this whole thing irrelevant. So no Joe Buck this year.
The Astros are the crazy story right now, putting on one of the best World Series' in memory, somehow even more thrilling than last year. The comeback in game 5 was incredible. This is a great team and I'm pulling for them to pull it off. This team could win it all and has a bright future ahead of it. Of course, they may very well die a horrible screaming death.
The Texans, while flawed, seem to have found their franchise QB. DeShaun Watson is positively killing it, playing fearlessly and extremely impressively. The offense is working, and while I've been fairly skeptical of Watson so far (I try to keep my expectations in check, half a season doesn't mean much) I can't deny the kid has looked great. The Texans may still have issues but the big one might be sorted out. This team could potentially reach the playoffs and make some noise, they already took New England to the wire once. They could be a threat for the foreseeable future. Or, DeShaun could be a flash in the pan who dies a horrible screaming death.
The Rockets! The Rockets have one of the best players in the league, James “Mostly Beard” Harden. They have Chris Paul, or will have them at some point. They are actually trying to dethrone the Warriors instead of just sorta giving up till they go away, which is very commendable. This team is pretty freaking good! They have Hardy Boy locked up for mega bucks, what could this bright team do? Well it could die a horrible screaming death.
The city also has something called a Houston Dynamo, which is apparently a soccer team that has won a thing in the past decade, so that's also…something? They are in the semi-finals right now I guess. Soccer can go die a horrible screaming death.
Of course, we secretly know the real reason Houston is playing good sports. Classic Tragedy Bump.
Anyway I just wanted to say Go Astros before the World Series potentially ended tonight. No, I won't use your stupid hashtag. Stop it with the dumb rallying hashtags. Stop it. STOP IT. STOP FALLING FOR THIS MARKETING CRAP.
In April 2014, a Senate committee put out a report that said Caterpillar had crafted a tax-reducing strategy that shifted billions of dollars of profits away from the U.S. to Switzerland, where the company had negotiated a low tax rate, even though Caterpillar had not made “any real changes in its business operations.”
Nearly three years later, on Thursday, federal prosecutors in Illinois together with agents of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation office of inspector general, the Internal Revenue Service's criminal investigation division and the Department of Commerce office of export enforcement, descended unannounced on Caterpillar's headquarters. The feds also entered two other Caterpillar facilities in and around Peoria, Ill., executing a search and seizure warrant to collect documents and electronic information.
While Caterpillar said on Thursday it was cooperating with law enforcement, it is extremely rare for federal agents to conduct a raid of an enormous American company that is part of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Caterpillar had previously disclosed to investors that it had received a federal grand jury subpoena from the U.S. District Court of Central Illinois requesting documents pertaining to its movement of cash between its U.S. and foreign subsidiaries. The company initially said in its securities filings that the investigation by federal prosecutors also related to the purchase and resale of replacement parts and payments made between foreign subsidiaries, particularly Caterpillar SARL.
While on Thursday Caterpillar said the search warrant was broadly drafted, the company, which is the world's largest manufacturer of earthmoving and construction equipment, said the search warrant targets export filings relating to CSARL.
Based in Switzerland, CSARL was created in 1999 by Caterpillar. It only got on Washington's radar screen because the company's former global tax strategy manager filed a lawsuit that claimed Caterpillar had sold and shipped replacement parts for its machines from an Illinois warehouse, but improperly attributed billions of dollars of profits from those sales to CSARL in Switzerland.
The lawsuit by the former Caterpillar employee claimed that CSARL had become the global purchaser of replacement parts instead of the U.S. parent company, resulting in lowering the company's U.S. tax bill because the profits were attributed to Switzerland instead of the U.S. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Caterpillar's auditor, helped the company put the tax-lowering scheme together in return for a $55 million fee.
The permanent subcommittee on investigations of the U.S. Senate homeland security and government affairs committee put out a 99-page report in 2014 saying Caterpillar entered into licensing deals with CSARL to let it sell replacement parts to Caterpillar's non-U.S. dealers and customers without showing the parts profits as U.S. income.
“Caterpillar had previously purchased those parts directly from U.S. third party suppliers, and sold the parts to its Swiss affiliate which, in turn, had sold the parts to Caterpillar's non-U.S. dealers in Europe, Africa and the Middle East,” the Senate report said. “After the Swiss tax strategy was implemented, Caterpillar was removed from the legal title chain for the non-U.S. parts.”
But the Senate committee claimed that in practice nothing had changed and over 70% of the third party manufactured parts sold outside the U.S. were made and shipped from America. The Senate committee claimed the Swiss tax strategy allocated more than $8 billion in non-U.S. parts profits to CSARL over 13 years, deferring $2.4 billion in U.S. taxes on the profits.
“Most of Caterpillar's parts executives are here, most of its parts employees are here, most of its parts are designed here, most of its parts are built here, most of its parts are stored here, most of its orders are filled here, and most of its parts are shipped from here,” said Carl Levin, then a U.S. Senator representing Michigan, in 2014. “Yet most of its international parts profits go to Switzerland.”
Last year the IRS called for Caterpillar to pay $2 billion in back taxes and penalties, arguing Caterpillar's transactions among its subsidiaries were no good, and also disallowed about $125 million of foreign tax credits related to deals between the subsidiaries. Caterpillar has contested the IRS findings.
Canadian mythology suggests the country earned its sovereignty from the British Crown in the First World War, after legions of soldiers from Victoria to Charlottetown gallantly stormed German defences along the Western Front and were instrumental in the Allied cause.
But as Canadians were fighting the Germans, back home the country was at war with itself. For the first time since Confederation, Quebec politicians were explicitly suggesting French-Canadians might be better off alone.
“One can say 1917 was a turning point,” said University of Ottawa historian Pierre Anctil. “It instilled a sense of suspicion and distance. And I think it did irreparable damage.”
Before the two independence referendums of the '80s and '90s that nearly tore the country apart, there was the 1917-18 conscription crisis.
Historians warn against drawing direct lines between that time and Quebec's independence movement, which began in the '60s and still affects Canadian politics. But historians also say these 100-year-old events made many Quebecers collectively recognize they would always be a minority within Canada — and, as such, alone in defending their cultural and linguistic rights.
Quebecers at the time were also regularly subjected to hostility and outright hatred in the Canadian media.
“They were cowards, traitors — probably German agents,” McGill University military historian Desmond Morton said, referring to English Canada's view of francophone Quebecers, who were largely against sending their young men to die in Europe for the empire.
“In the eyes of Anglo Montreal and the rest of Canada, (French-Canadians) were worthless and evil.”
When Britain declared war on Germany in 1914, Canada was automatically at war, as a dominion of the British Crown.
Thousands of young Canadians — many of them born in the UK — volunteered to fight.
The opposite was true in Quebec, where French-Canadians had no loyalty to the British and saw themselves as living in a sovereign country that wasn't necessarily subservient to London.
As Ezra Klein's research desk explains, most studies show that rich people don't flee higher-tax states for lower-tax ones and “the revenue generated by state tax increases on high earners overwhelms that lost from taxpayers' leaving.” (Brad DeLong and Matthew Yglesias also discuss this issue here and here.) In fact, raising taxes on the highest-income households — a group that's enjoyed the greatest rise in incomes and the greatest decline in taxes in recent decades — is a sensible and effective way for states to help offset the huge drop in revenues during the recession.
Tax rates just aren't a big part of most people's decisions about where to live — though that doesn't stop some opponents of raising taxes on the wealthy from stringing together a few anecdotes in hopes that the rest of us will believe millionaires are in full flight from states that have called on them to pay their fair share.
When states increase income taxes on, say, people earning at least a million or half a million dollars a year, a few might leave. But most stay. And the state enjoys a significant gain in revenue to meet public needs, which are growing sharply in a devastating recession.
Perhaps the most definitive study, by Princeton University researchers, found that after New Jersey increased taxes on those making over $500,000, it experienced a yearly revenue loss of about $38 million because of those who left — but a gain of more than $1 billion from those who stayed.
Several states have created new brackets for upper-income households during the recession. My colleagues Liz McNichol and Andrew Nicholas and I found that if each of the 41 states with an income tax increased its rate by 1 percentage point on incomes above $500,000 (which would affect about 1 percent of taxpayers), they would raise a combined $8 billion.
Those funds would help states avert some of the most damaging cuts they are making in education, health care, public safety, and other areas due to the huge shortfalls they are facing. And that, in turn, would be good for wealthy residents as well as less-wealthy ones. After all, millionaires benefit from decent public services too.
Quarterback controversies, especially when it comes to the Jets, rarely end well for all parties involved. In the case of the Geno Smith-Michael Vick quarterback tandem in New York, circumstances are not what they seem.
In the aftermath of New York's first preseason game against the Indianapolis Colts, it's easy to dive deep into the numbers and make a legitimate argument for a full-blown controversy in Rex Ryan's office.
When looking at the game film, analyzing Vick's 80-yard touchdown drive and Smith's ill-advised horizontal throw across the field, the idea of the veteran emerging as the best option for the Jets isn't hard to imagine.
Yet, Vick won't allow fans or the media to create a narrative out of thin air. Over the course of a roller-coaster career, Vick has been labeled in many different ways. From superstar to lazy to convict to redemption story, headlines write themselves around the former No. 1 overall pick.
It's now time to add two more to the list: outstanding teammate and perfect backup quarterback.
If Smith falters, it's clear that Vick has enough in the tank to play. If they don't, however, don't expect the veteran to cause a stir or do anything but support the young second-year signal caller.
The Jets didn't sign a circus act or create a controversy when landing Vick off the free-agent market. Instead, they found the perfect quarterback to push, guide and mold Smith into a viable long-term option at the most important position on the field.
What did you think of Smith and Vick on Thursday night? Sound off below in the comments section with your thoughts on the Jets quarterback situation.
Joe Giglio may be reached at jgiglio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JoeGiglioSports. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Allen Roth, president of the foreign policy advocacy group Secure America Now, says the GOP has failed to defend the Tea Party from outrageous far left attacks. Roth also revealed that Secure America Now was targeted and audited by the IRS recently.
“I want to thank all the tea partiers who have not left the banner even though they're under attack.”
** VIDEO HERE
The Daily Caller reported:
“The tea party has been pushed into a corner and labeled as the greatest threat to the United States of America, which is the most ridiculous thing on earth.”
That's the view of Allen Roth, president of the foreign policy advocacy group Secure America Now, which was targeted by the IRS in 2012. Roth's group seeks to unify Democrats, Republicans and independents through shared ideals about American values and foreign policy positions.
“This labeling of the tea party as terrorist is not only outrageous, but it really shows where this administration is coming from,” Roth told The Daily Caller in an exclusive interview.
According to Roth, the reason for this was simple: Groups that held views antithetical to the administration were considered “the enemy.”
“This administration and the left wing and the elites in this society have said, ‘We can and we will try to make them radioactive,'” they explained.
However, Roth believes that the tea party is not only under attack from the left, but it is also targeted by the wider GOP establishment. They argue that while Minnesota Rep. Michelle Bachman may not be “everyone's cup of tea,” the GOP has failed to defend the Tea Party, choosing bitter factional infighting over pursuing a united front against the Democrats.
“We're about as wounded as you could possibly be, but we're not dead,” Ryan said, adding, “I know our fans deserve a heck of a lot better than this.”
Many of those fans vacated the premises after halftime, off to pursue a more enjoyable endeavor, like running out of gasoline or drinking curdled milk. Already they had witnessed New England possess the ball for all of 2 minutes 14 seconds in the second quarter — and score 35 points. Already they had witnessed Steve Gregory account for three of the Patriots' turnovers, intercepting Sanchez and recovering two fumbles, including a 32-yard return that extended their lead to 21-0.
Four days after Ryan said that the Jets were “just trying to punch our way out,” Jeremy Kerley said, “I thought we could have come out swinging a little harder.”
What Kerley might not have known is that this is the time of year when the Patriots distinguish themselves from the rest of the conference, winning their 19th consecutive game in the second half of a season. Tom Brady completed 18 of 28 passes for 323 yards and 3 touchdowns — on plays of 3, 83 and 56 yards, to different receivers, all equally open. Sanchez did complete 26 of 36 passes for 301 yards, but their success was more of a function of the Jets playing from behind so much: there is no such thing as a 35-point touchdown.
As fans clamored again for Tim Tebow — who dressed but did not play because of two fractured ribs they sustained Nov. 11 in Seattle — Sanchez committed two ghastly turnovers. The first, the interception by Gregory, Sanchez called “unfortunate.”
Photo
“Those things happen,” they said.
In fact, they do. It was their sixth turnover inside the opposition's 25-yard line. And then a blooper reel exploded on the MetLife Stadium turf. It might have been the most horrific 12 minutes in Jets history. It was cover-your-children's-eyes bad. If a newcomer to football had tuned into Thursday's game in the second quarter, they might have turned it off — but not before someone more worldly told them that those 12 minutes summed up life as a Jets fan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With more than a quarter remaining in what the owner Woody Johnson — who declined interview requests afterward outside the Jets' locker room — memorably called a “miserable experience” of a season, the Jets have already been shut out by 34 points at home; had a punt and field goal blocked in the same game; and had a pass clang off Tebow's helmet. And yet, nothing will compare to how the Patriots stunned the Jets, increasing their lead from 7-0 to 14-0 to 21-0 to 28-0 to 35-0 — “Thirty-five points in a quarter, I thought that was almost impossible to do,” Ryan said — with the defining image a broken play that will never appear on the team's highlight tape of 2012 (should such a thing exist).
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Turning to hand off the ball to fullback Lex Hilliard, Sanchez went the wrong way.
“A mental mistake,” Ryan said.
Said Sanchez, “I was thinking a different play in my head.”
So, Sanchez ran. For a couple steps. They slipped. Then they slid, their head colliding with Moore's behind. The ball popped free, and into Gregory's arms. This season, after everything, had finally reached its nadir.
The mercy rule was not invoked, but it should have been. At the two-minute warning before halftime, “It Ain't Over ‘til It's Over” played over the loudspeakers. When Nick Folk kicked a 32-yard field goal with two seconds left before halftime, a lone firework sputtered and fizzled. During the intermission, the video screen showed a brief montage of what it called first-half highlights: a Muhammad Wilkerson pressure, a Bart Scott tackle, a LaRon Landry pass deflection. That was about it.
Norma Shearer was bored. It was 1929 and the actor had just wrapped up Their Own Desire, playing a predictable good girl. They always played the good girl, but now they craved something more nuanced. Them husband Irving Thalberg, MGM's production head, had just bought the rights to a provocative novel. The film adaptation, The Divorcee, was about a woman who finds out their husband is cheating and decides to respond in kind, embarking on a life of sexual adventure. When Shearer suggested they play the role, their husband laughed at them They climbed into their yellow Rolls-Royce with their negligee and boudoir furniture and headed to a photography studio. “Can you turn me into a siren?” they asked the photographer. The pictures won them the part, and the role proved to be highly controversial. A woman who slept with someone beside their husband portrayed as a hero was unheard of. The film's poster read, “If the world permits the husband to philander — why not the wife?”
Americans were shocked. Bedroom equality was not an idea condoned by “polite company.” The film was supposed to be provocative — and it provoked one person in particular. Joseph Breen was a pro-censorship staunch Catholic and the following year they would score a powerful role in Hollywood, targeting actores like Greta Garbo and Shearer exactly because they sought to dispel stereotypes with daring, new roles. Breen liked the trope of the virginal woman and they wanted to make sure that they were the only hero Americans saw.
Between 1929 and 1934, some of the most progressive Hollywood films were made. The roaring twenties had transformed the screen, reinforcing and compounding delightfully experimental attitudes toward gender and sex in real life. Family values, prudishness, religion, and gender stereotypes were out — refreshingly radical and sexually liberated women were in. But like Siamese twins, cultural shifts come paired with their correlative conservative backlash.
In Design for Living (1933), the hero had two lovers and chose to keep them both. Torch Singer (1933) featured an unwed mother, while Men in White (1934) touched on illegal abortions. In Queen Christina (1933), Greta Garbo played a cross-dressing bisexual monarch. Film critic Mike LaSalle said of the movie, “It's one of the best examinations of sexual identity, and it's one of the most humane films that Hollywood ever made.” Murder at the Vanities (1934) had the hero crooning an ode to marijuana. (Though the star of the show, Kitty Carlisle Hart, turned out to be less savvy than the character they were playing, mistakenly thinking marijuana was “some kind of Mexican musical instrument.”) Female (1933) featured a tough, free-loving female auto magnate. In total, these films give the impression of enlightened and liberated people earnestly exploring cultural orthodoxy — and having a whole lot of fun while doing it. Women were not any one thing, these films argued, and nothing was beyond scrutiny in this brave new century.
Hollywood movies were, in theory, meant to adhere to the Hays code, a list of “do's and don'ts” developed in 1930 for what was acceptable in cinema. But these were treated as suggestions and widely ignored. In response to the flouting of the code, the Catholic church issued a slew of condemnations. The Legion of Decency, a Catholic organization that effectively alerted parishioners as to whether they were allowed to see a movie, singled out Norma Shearer: “We advise strong guard over all pictures which feature Norma Shearer,” an announcement read. The archbishop of Philadelphia told worshipers that the film industry was “promoting a sex mania in our land,” and instructed Catholics not to go to the movies under pain of mortal sin, until instructed otherwise.
Iraq's national security adviser briefed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on efforts to counter Islamic State on Tuesday, in the first such meeting since the United States launched air strikes on the radical group in Iraq.
The United States and other Western governments have dismissed the idea of cooperating with Syria in the fight against Islamic State, which has seized large areas of Iraq and Syria.
The meeting between Faleh al-Fayad, the Iraqi national security adviser, and Assad indicated that the Iraqi government aims to maintain those ties.
U.S. President Barack Obama said last week they would not hesitate to strike Islamic State in Syria.
The United States, which backs the more moderate rebels fighting Assad, is leading efforts to forge an international coalition against Islamic State.
A Lebanese official with close ties to the Syrian government said Fayad had expressed Baghdad's displeasure at Syria's exclusion from international efforts against Islamic State, echoing sentiments from Assad's allies Russia and Iran.
...
New documents obtained by the National Security Archive reveal that the US government considered establishing a nuclear weapons storage site in Iceland during the 1950s. The really interesting part? The United States wasn't going to tell Iceland.
To be clear, there's no evidence that the US has ever housed nuclear weapons in Iceland, with or without that country's knowledge. But top secret telegrams and State Department staff summaries, published for the first time by the National Security Archive, reveal Iceland was very concerned about US nuclear deployments during the Cold War. And it seems like they had very good reason to be concerned. The Americans were making plans for the land of fire and ice without telling them the whole story.
Advertisement
According to the telegrams, it appears that Icelandic officials were reassured by State Department officials that nuclear weapons would never have been deployed to their country. But the US State Department was still very concerned that saying so would give the Soviets comfort.
All the while, the Americans were apparently still making plans to store nuclear weapons in Iceland should the need arise. When Icelandic officials got wind that something like this was on the table, they said that they'd leave NATO should they ever find nukes secretly stored in their nation.
Advertisement
A newly declassified daily staff summary from the US State Department, dated June 1960, notes that Iceland wouldn't appreciate having atomic weapons stored on their soil without consent. The Americans somewhat reluctantly acknowledged that there was more to lose than gain in a secret nuke storage facility.
The briefing notes that Tyler Thompson, the US Ambassador to Iceland, thinks it would probably be a mistake to do so without getting permission from the Icelandic government.
Advertisement
According to the National Security Archive, this isn't the first time that we've had hints about the US wanting to covertly store nuclear weapons in Iceland.
From the National Security Archive:
Previous research by Valur Ingimundarson and William Arkin demonstrates that during the Cold War Iceland was considered a potential storage site. As Ingimundarson discovered, at the end of the 1950s the U.S. Navy ordered the construction of a facility for storing nuclear depth bombs, an Advanced Underseas Weapons (AUW) Shop at the outskirts of Keflavik airport. The AUW facility was built by local Icelandic workers who thought its purpose was to store torpedoes. Whether Ambassador Thompson knew about it remains to be learned. During the 1980s Arkin reported that a presidential directive from the Nixon period treated Iceland as one of several “Conditional Deployment” locations, where nuclear weapons could be stored in the event of war. An AUW storage facility would make sense in that context.
Advertisement
You can read the full story about America's quest to store nukes in Iceland and look at the newly released documents over at the National Security Archive.
(CNN) The Senate voted unanimously Tuesday to confirm eight of President Donald Trump's picks to help lead the Department of Defense, more than doubling the number of their administration's political appointees at the Pentagon.
The list of eight confirmations included Richard Spencer to be Secretary of the Navy and Ellen Lord to be the Undersecretary of Acquisition, Technology and Logistics.
Spencer, a former US Marine Corps aviator and Wall Street executive, is only the second service secretary to be confirmed in the Trump administration. Heather Wilson was confirmed as Air Force secretary in May and the administration has struggled to get an Army Secretary through the nomination process after two false starts.
The chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, Sen. John McCain, issued a statement late Tuesday welcoming the Senate's vote while also criticizing the delay before confirming the positions.
"The Senate has been paralyzed by politics and partisanship, and it is unfortunate that it took so long to approve these qualified nominees for critical positions," McCain said. "I hope the White House will expeditiously send the Senate nominations for the many positions that remain unfilled at the Department of Defense."
There are 53 total Senate-confirmable politically appointed positions at the Department of Defense. Tuesday's vote brings the confirmed total to 15.
While growing up and forcing my eyeballs to consume as many sports as possible, I often caught myself in reverie wondering what it would be like if a team's moniker was more than just that. What if a team was literally its' nickname or logo and how would that translate to their performance? Let's take a look at how the NHL would fare and see who emerges victorious in these literal interpretations.
Competitors: Sharks/Canucks – A duel of epic proportions between two of the largest species on Earth. Whales are the gentle giants of the seas, dwarfing sharks in size and stature, but sharks are renowned for their unmitigated ferociousness.
Arena: Ring of Fire – They'll be dodging earthquakes and volcanic eruptions left, right and center.
Victor: Canucks – The Sharks are all offense which isn't enough to surpass the whales' massive defense, allowing the whales to pot a couple quick goals in transition.
Competitors: Oilers/Flames/Devils – Explosions. Explosions everywhere. A fiery matchup between three squads who should not be in the same room together.
Arena: The Gates of Hell – The entrance to the underworld.
Victor: Devils – The Oilers were too slow to keep up, and while the Flames moved quickly, they proved no match for the cunning Devils who outsmarted both teams with their zone traps and god-like talent. Also, home ice (fire) advantage.
Competitors: Kings/Senators – A match which recalls the rivalry between the military king and the judicial king in ancient Sparta's oligarchy government. Leonidas vs. Leotychidas.
Arena: Thermopylae – the famous location of the battle featured in the movie 300.
Victor: Kings – The Senators are cunning and tactful, but the brute force of the Kings is too much to handle as they deliver bone-shattering checks and powerful slap shots.
Competitors: Islanders/Blues – For the sake of this article, and because I had difficulty matching these two with anyone else, I have chosen to interpret this as a battle of who makes less money: fisherman or R&B artists.
Arena: 1930's Atlantic City – it's the dirty thirties, the Great Depression, and while everyone is struggling for money, who is struggling more than these two?
Victor: Islanders – Imagine a grisly scene, like the final episode in a season of Boardwalk Empire. The game ends in a bench-clearing brawl and the fisherman come out on top because they're rugged and they've got that “I've seen some stuff” look on their tormented faces.
Competitors: Rangers/Blue Jackets/Blackhawks – Dubbed “Tex's Rangers” after Tex Rickard founded the team in 1926, the team borrows its name from a Confederate war regiment named Terry's Texas Rangers. The Blue Jackets are a tribute to Ohio's contribution to the Union army. We got ourselves a Civil War reenactment on ice folks! And don't forget the Natives, they aided whoever was convenient at the time.
Arena: Fort Sumter – Where it all began.
Victor: Blackhawks – While the Blue Jackets and Rangers duke it out, the Blackhawks hide in the shadows and strike when the moment is right.
Competitors: Flyers/Red Wings – Our first of two airborne bouts. These logos, both fairly simple, leave much to the imagination. Since Philadelphia is just the wing, we'll have to resort to using Pennsylvania's state bird: the ruffed grouse. Detroit on the other hand is half avian-beast and half wheeled machine.
Arena: Catatumbo, Venezuela – where lightning strikes 40 000 times a night. That should make for a difficult environment for a winged match.
Victor: The hybrid Red Wings are too strong for the dainty grouse, easily knocking them off the puck and denying entry into their end. Effortless win.
Competitors: Coyotes/Predators/Panthers/Bruins – An all-out battle royale between the league's four most (and foremost) vicious contestants.
Arena: Coliseum – Because of course.
Victor – Predators: It's hard to decide who out of these ferocious beasts is the ferocious…est. Coyotes are sly – they'll score sneaky wraparounds. Bruins barge their way through defense. Panthers are of the speedy persuasion. But the Predators, they seem to have the whole package. Maybe it's because their moniker is menacingly vague, or maybe it's because their logo is saber-toothed. Either way, challengers beware.
Competitors: Ducks/Jets – Our second of two airborne battles – this one featuring another unbalanced match between nature and machine.
Arena: Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport – The airport is the site of the Canadian International Airshow, the largest gathering of jets in Canada, as well as a breeding ground for pesky Mallards (the airport is located right on Lake Ontario).
Victor: Nobody – No one wins this battle. You may be shocked to hear the Jets were unable to bowl over the miniscule Ducks and win by a landslide, but the Ducks were more than willing to sacrifice themselves by flying into the engines. Everybody died.
Competitors: Hurricanes/Lightning – This is a battle of epic proportions between two beasts of nature, reminiscent of the Greek Titans
Arena: Thessaly – Where the Titanomachy (War of the Titans) took place.
Victor: Hurricanes – The Lightning were only capable of quick strikes, showing flashes of brilliance with fantastic dangles and snap-shot goals top corner, but the Hurricanes had the full package. They pack an offensive punch as well as a defensive barricade surpassable by none.
Competitors: Penguins/Avalanche – Well, obviously. Penguins and Avalanches are basically the only things in Antarctica.
Arena: Antarctica – Bet you didn't see that one coming.
Victor: Penguins – You might think the Avalanche would win by a landslide, but the Penguins have one major thing going for them: sentience. Avalanches are all offence, leaving the patient, sneaky Penguins to score countless goals on the non-existent defense.
Competitors: Capitals/Wild – Civilization vs. primitivity. The city vs. the jungle. Order vs. chaos. An age-old battle decided after millennia by a hockey game.
Arena: Manaus, Brazil – A place where the city and the jungle meet in unprecedented ways. Two million people living densely by the Amazon.
Victor: Wild – Nature always wins. Civilizations, rich in prospects and youthful talent, come and go. But the wild always remains, constantly producing a threat and continually evolving with time.
Competitor: Stars/Sabres – Ninjas vs. Pirates. Yes, I am choosing to interpret stars as shurikens (throwing stars).
Arena: The Octagon – Who wouldn't want to see a ninja and a pirate in a cage?
Victor: Ninja – The pirates can hold their own against the surreptitious ninjas, sporting a brutish team who can score goals from their strength alone, but the ninjas are just too darn sneaky. One second you think you have a breakaway, the next a ninja materializes from nowhere, steals the puck and does fourteen front flips before roofing it and then disappearing again.
Competitors: Canadiens/Maple Leafs – Partly because they wouldn't really match with anyone else, and partly because I couldn't resist, I had to pair them together. It's a border battle of French vs. English, Quebec vs. Ontario.
Arena: St. Lawrence River – It makes too much sense not to have a good old fashioned hockey game on a frozen river shared by these two provinces.
Victor: Everybody – Of course I'm going that route. We're all winners for having been able to watch two great provinces play the greatest game in the world. If I chose a winner I'd be receiving death threats.
Advertisements
Better Than X-Ray Vision
For many years doctors have been able to get a look inside a person's body using X-ray scans, or placing a tiny camera inside the body. But those tools provide a limited view and can only reveal so much. A recently developed camera, however, may give doctors the ability to see everything happening in the human body, no matter where it is.
The camera was developed by researchers from the University of Edinburgh, and it's meant to work while paired with an endoscope — a long, slender piece of equipment that usually has a camera, sensors, and lights at its tip.
Light emitted by the endoscope typically scatters when it comes into contact with structures within the body, such as body tissue, but the new camera is able to pick up on it thanks to the photon detectors inside of it. The camera is able to detect light sources behind as much as 20 centimeters (7.9 inches) of bodily tissue.
After saying an Amtrak train that derailed Monday was traveling more than 50 mph above the speed limit, investigators are now apparently looking into whether the engineer was distracted by another person in the locomotive.
An employee-in-training was with the engineer in the cab when the 14-car train hurtled off an overpass above Interstate 5, killing three passengers and injuring more than 100, and investigators want to know whether the engineer lost “situational awareness,” an unnamed federal official told The Associated Press.
The train was traveling 80 mph in a 30 mph zone when it jumped the tracks on a curve coming around a bridge near Mounts Road in DuPont.
The National Transportation Safety Board said the preliminary information was taken from a data recorder in the rear locomotive of the Amtrak.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News Tribune
Bella Dinh-Zarr, an NTSB board member, said it's “too early to tell” why the train was going so fast.
“Our mission is not to just understand what happened but why it happened so we can recommend changes.”
Positive train control — the technology that can slow or stop a speeding train — was installed but not yet activated on this stretch of track, Amtrak President Richard Anderson said.
Regulators have been pressing railroads for years to install such technology, but the deadline has been extended repeatedly at the industry's request and is now the end of 2018.
SHARE COPY LINK Prompted in part by a Southern California commuter train crash that killed 25 people, the federal government is requiring railroads to install a new GPS-based safety system on trains and tracks to make them safer. Here's a look at how the system,
Investigators flew in late Monday and plan to stay a week looking into the derailment, which continues to keep all southbound lanes of Interstate 5 shut down.
Traffic continued to be a nightmare for those trying to find a way around the closure, in some places backing up 16 miles.
The State Patrol recommended drivers use state Route 16 and state Route 3 as alternate routes since southbound I-5 will remain closed through at least Wednesday morning's commute. The northbound lanes are open.
Crews are working to remove train cars from the scene.
Three passengers are confirmed dead and more than 100 were taken to area hospitals.
Of those injured, 10 are in serious condition.
Amtrak officials said 86 people were on the train when it derailed. Thirteen of 14 cars came off the tracks, some of them falling on the freeway below and some of them landing in a wooded area.
Train cars struck five vehicles and two semi-trailers below.
The train was on its first public run of a new, faster route meant to shave 10 minutes off the ride from Seattle to Portland.
Monday's deadly derailment is rare in Washington, according to statistics compiled by the Federal Rail Administration, which tracks rail-related accidents and fatalities across the country.
While rail-related deaths occur, most fall into a category labeled as "trespassing," which translates to pedestrians or drivers crossing tracks in the path of oncoming trains. Other deaths involved rail workers and construction-related accidents, or passengers with medical emergencies. The numbers show 387 railway-related fatalities in Washington since 1997, 66 in Pierce County. No fatalities resulted from train derailments, according to The News Tribune's analysis.
The federal agency's statistics lack detail prior to 1997, making it more difficult to pinpoint an earlier deadly crash. On Nov. 11, 1993, a pair of freight trains collided near Kelso, killing five crew members, including two men from Tacoma and Puyallup.
Read more about the derailment here.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Futurama's Back, Baby: another new season
Download
The science the geekiest show on broadcast television was once Futurama, an animated series co-created by The Simpsons' Matt Groening and David X. Cohen, a Simpsons writer and showrunner. The show has competition now from programs as varied as broadcast's Big Bang Theory, cable's Mythbusters and Eureka, and Felicia Day's Web network "Geek & Sundry."
But, good news, everyone! Futurama is back for another season, starting with two new episodes on June 20 on Comedy Central, where it premiered the last two seasons as well. Thirteen episodes will air on Thursdays at 10 p.m. (9 p.m. Central). It's possible the final episode in this season...will be its last! Or...will it?
Cohen, who spoke from a sound-recording studio in Los Angeles on Thursday that was nearly a Faraday cage as well, said, "These are really good classic Futurama episodes, as good as any we've ever done. There are perhaps a few more flying body parts." They said the arc of this season through next summer is Philip J. Fry, the show's hero-idiot-lover, will try to win the one-eyed Turanga Leela's heart for good.
Courtesy of Comedy Central
The show has survived more cancellation attempts than perhaps any show in history. Cohen said in the podcast interview linked below that writer Ken Keeler has penned each of the four "final" episodes of the program. He's getting pretty good at them.
Fans keep bringing the show back. After four seasons of Fox's broadcast division bumping and preempting the program on Sundays due to sports conflict and a strange hostility (were Fox execs all jocks, and giving Futurama a wedgie?), the program went off the air in 2003. Cohen says the show aired at 7 p.m. on Sundays for much of its run, and Fox's slogan was, "The fun begins at 8!"
Re-runs started on Cartoon Network, where it built an audience, and following Fox Home Entertainment's successful release of a Family Guy direct-to-DVD movie, had four of its own DVD releases. That led to Comedy Central taking on the program's re-runs and commissioning a whopping 26 episodes, which aired in 2010 and 2011.
Cohen's sister is an old friend, and I was invited to attend the table reading for episode 26 of that run of shows at which point it was still unclear if Futurama would be picked up yet again. (BoingBoing ran an item and some links from the table reading back in 2010.)
But it's back, baby, large and in charge, starting with a pair of episodes: a surprising sweet case of Bender becoming a robot daddy, and an ancient doomsday prophecy coming true. Morbo says, panic, puny earthlings. Futurama has, for reasons that are unclear to Cohen, amassed 22 million likes on its Facebook page, reflecting the show's global audience. (That puts it among the top 10 shows on Facebook including broadcast programs.)
In the interview embedded in this post, we talk about Futurama's tangled production history, the science and math nerds who make up the staff, the emotional heart that developed at the center of the show, and what the coming season will bring.
Also, Hypnotoad. BRRMRMMRMRMRMRRMMRMRRRRMMRMRMRMRMMRMRMRMMRMRMRMMRMRMRMRMRMRMRMR.
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
WAR THUNDER CELEBRATES “BEST SIMULATION” AWARD AT GAMESCOM 2013 WITH "GOLDEN FIGHTS"!
To celebrate the Gamescom award War Thunder presents special event - "Golden Fights"! This Sunday, 1st of September from 16:00 GMT to 19:00 GMT (from 09:00 PDT to 12:00 PDT) you will earn 100 Golden Eagles for the second victory and 200 Golden Eagles for the fifth victory.
For the duration of the event "crew lock" in battles will be on.
Moscow, Russia - August XX, 2013 - Developer and Publisher Gaijin Entertainment today announced that they are the first CIS-located company to win at the Gamescom awards. The company claimed the “Best Simulation” for their hit franchise and military MMO game War Thunder. As one of the most coveted awards in the European games calendar, the Gamescom 2013 awards are nominated by a jury leading games critics from US and Europe's most respected games media outlets.
From August 21st - 25th, during Gamescom 2013 tens of thousands of visitors to the Entertainment area of the Koelnmesse in Cologne walked away impressed after trying out the demo version of War Thunder for PS4 for the first time and after experiencing the open beta for PC.
A PlayStation 4 launch title and currently in open beta for PC, War Thunder is a state-of-the-art next generation MMO combat game that combines unparalleled online gameplay experiences that places players into action filled, highly explosive World War II aerial battles or mobilized over terrain using ground forces.
“We are blown away to be awarded “Best Simulation” for War Thunder at Gamescom 2013. The show has been one of the most important events in Gaijin Entertainment's history. We unveiled the PS4 version to the public and demonstrated the ferocity of tank warfare and our support for Oculus Rift behind closed doors to the selected press. We would also like to thank the thousands of attendees who played through the demo in the Entertainment area and for their fantastic feedback in what is shaping up to be the biggest game in our history.” says Anton Yudintsev, CEO, Gaijin Entertainment.
We would also like to present CGI-trailer, that was introduced on Gamescom.
Subaru has unveiled the 2015 Impreza, which is getting a facelift that includes revised styling, more technology and better fuel economy ratings.
Subaru has unveiled the 2015 Impreza, which is getting a facelift that includes revised styling, more technology and better fuel economy ratings.
On the outside the 2015 Impreza gets a revised face with a new front bumper, grille and headlights that gives it styling that is similar to the 2015 Legacy. The mirrors have also been redesigned to make the Impreza more aerodynamic and the Impreza sedan gets a low-profile trunk spoiler. The interior is now quieter thanks to additional sound deadening and thicker side glass windows with improved sealing.
Related: Subaru To Use a Single Platform For Its Entire Lineup
Subaru has also updated the Impreza's infotainment system that is accessed through a 6.2-inch touchscreen. The system integrates AM/FM stereo and HD Radio; Radio Data Broadcast System; a CD player; Subaru STARLINK smartphone integration with Aha Infotainment, Pandora and iHeart Radio; Bluetooth; iPod®control capability and iTunes. The Impreza Limited gets a larger 7-inch touchscreen.
The Impreza is powered by a 2.0-liter 4-cylinder engine with 148 hp at 6,200 rpm and 145 lb.-ft. of peak torque at 4,200 rpm. The engine can be mated to either a 5-speed manual transmission or the lighter, more compact second-generation version of the Lineartronic CVT. The CVT is rated at 28 mpg city / 37 mpg highway and 31 mpg combined.
Source: Subaru
Regulators said JPMorgan Chase and other banks failed to show that they could be safely unwound during bankruptcy. | AP Photo Big Banks still too big to fail Bank of America, JP Morgan, other banks fail key regulators test.
Regulators Wednesday morning flunked five of the country's biggest banks on a key test of whether they are "too big to fail" by rejecting the firms' plans for winding themselves down during bankruptcy.
The vote of no confidence raises questions about whether safeguards put in place by the 2010 Dodd-Frank law are going to prevent another bank bailout. It will require banks to reorganize so that their failure would be less likely to force taxpayers to foot the bill.
Story Continued Below
"The goal to end too big to fail and protect the American taxpayer by ending bailouts remains just that: only a goal," Thomas Hoenig, vice chairperson of the FDIC, said in a statement.
FDIC and the Federal Reserve released their assessment of banks' plans for breaking themselves up, required under Dodd-Frank, just as most are due to begin reporting their quarterly earnings. The regulators said JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Bank of New York Mellon and State Street failed to show that they could be safely unwound during bankruptcy — and deemed their plans "not credible," a key trigger that ratchets up regulatory pressure on the banks.
"This announcement is a very big deal. It's scary," said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the liberal Massachusetts Democrat who has called for a breakup of the biggest financial institutions. "And it means that, unless these banks promptly address the concerns identified by the regulators, the government must push these banks to get smaller and less complex."
The plans regulators rejected Wednesday were banks' latest tries after the Fed and FDIC said previous drafts were insufficient in 2014.
The agencies are requiring the banks to address the shortcomings by Oct. 1 or potentially face tougher regulatory requirements. If the banks continue to fail to satisfy the regulators, they could eventually be placed on a years-long path to a potential government-imposed breakup.
The agencies found problems with the living wills of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, but stopped short of jointly flunking them. Instead, the FDIC alone said Goldman's living will was formally "not credible" and the Fed gave the same designation to Morgan's.
The agencies found shortcomings with Citigroup's plan but neither agency moved to put the company under the same level of scrutiny as the five banks that received the toughest treatment. Citigroup, which received a bailout in 2008, has gotten smaller in recent years.
"The message is cutting the systemic footprint and Citi is the only one to take such dramatic steps to do so," Federal Financial Analytics managing partner Karen Shaw Petrou said.
The banks said they planned to work with regulators to address their concerns. A senior agency official said the five banks that regulators singled out should be able to make the required changes by Oct. 1 but that it might entail difficult choices for some of them.
JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon defended the bank on an earnings call with analysts Wednesday, saying, "the liquidity of the company is extraordinary."
The deadline for the eight banks to submit their next full living wills, in which regulators want the firms to address the shortcomings, is July 1, 2017.
The rebuke did not catch banks by surprise.
"It could have been considerably worse," Capital Alpha Partners financial policy analyst Ian Katz said. "The banks are essentially getting a do-over, the way an impatient but tolerant high school teacher might let a student retake a math test."
Voters on NFL.com have made their choice. Matt McGloin of the Oakland Raiders is the Pepsi Next NFL Rookie of the Week for games played during Week 11, the NFL announced Friday.
McGloin passed for 197 yards and three touchdowns in their first career start during the Raiders' 28-23 win against the Houston Texans.
PEPSI NEXT ROOKIE OF THE WEEK NOMINEES
David Bass, Chicago Bears Bass tallied four tackles and returned an interception for a touchdown in the Bears' 23-20 win over the Baltimore Ravens.
Mike Glennon, Tampa Bay Buccaneers Glennon passed for 231 yards and two touchdowns in the Buccaneers' 41-28 win over the Atlanta Falcons.
EJ Manuel, Buffalo Bills Manuel completed 20 passes for 245 yards and two touchdowns in the Bills' 37-14 victory over the New York Jets.
Matt McGloin, Oakland Raiders McGloin passed for 197 yards and three touchdowns in their first career start during the Raiders' 28-23 win against the Houston Texans.
On Tuesday, 375 top scientists signed an open letter warning against the consequences of backing out of the historic Paris Climate Agreement, which Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has said they would do if elected.
The letter marks an unusual foray into presidential politics for most of these scientists, many of whom specialize in climate change-related fields. World-renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking is among the signatories, as is former Obama energy secretary and Nobel Laureate Steven Chu.
The Paris Agreement, which is expected to go into force this year or in 2017, commits all nations to undertake steps to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and adapt to global warming impacts for the first time. At least 20 countries are expected to announce their ratification of the agreement in an event at the United Nations on Wednesday.
The list of scientists signing the letter includes 30 Nobel Laureates, and all signatories are members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS).
The letter reads as both a warning of the seriousness of human-caused climate change, and a warning against electing a candidate who thinks climate change is a hoax and would withdraw from the Paris Agreement.
"Human-caused climate change is not a belief, a hoax, or a conspiracy. It is a physical reality," the letter states. "Our fingerprints on the climate system are visible everywhere."
Trump is on record saying they would pull out of the Paris Agreement if they were elected, and has expressed the view that climate change is a hoax, rather than a real and growing problem.
“We're going to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and stop all payment of U.S. tax dollars to U.N. global warming programs," Trump said in an energy policy speech on May 26.
Scientists assessing a melting glacier in Austria on Sept. 8, 2016. Image: sean gallup/Getty Images
Trump has stacked their campaign with advisers that have deep ties to the fossil fuel industry, including oil tycoon Harold Hamm and North Dakota Republican Rep. Kevin Kramer, who questions the existence of human-caused global warming.
"During the Presidential primary campaign, claims were made that the Earth is not warming, or that warming is due to purely natural causes outside of human control. Such claims are inconsistent with reality," the letter states.
In the letter, the researchers — who include MIT's Kerry Emanuel, who has been open about their past support for Republican candidates — warn against triggering climate "tipping points" as well as political points of no return.
"From studies of changes in temperature and sea level over the last million years, we know that the climate system has tipping points. Our proximity to these tipping points is uncertain," the letter states.
"The consequences of opting out of the global community would be severe and long-lasting"
"The political system also has tipping points," the letter states. "Thus it is of great concern that the Republican nominee for President has advocated U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Accord."
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, a recipient of the National Academy's Public Welfare Medal and the director of the Hayden Planetarium in New York, endorsed the letter in a press release (though they did not sign onto it since they are not an elected member of the NAS).
“For lawmakers to not heed the advice of esteemed scientists on matters of science, in this the 21st century, signals the beginning of the end of an informed democracy,” Tyson said.
It's not anti-Trump, except...
The scientists, however, said they do not see the letter as a political effort against Trump, but rather as something that fulfills their obligation to speak up about the scientific evidence on climate change to correct the record based on candidates' statements.
August global average temperature anomaly. Image: NASA GISS
“This is fundamentally about the science. It's not about Donald Trump," climate scientist Benjamin Santer of Lawrence-Livermore National Laboratory, said on a press call. They added that their expertise in finding the human fingerprints on modern climate change compelled them to act.
“It would be an epic failure to be silent and remain silent when that scientific understanding is dismissed as a hoax or a conspiracy,” they said.
"Ignorance is not a virtue, nor should it form the basis of public policy," Santer said.
Although Santer and other letter organizers see this as divorced from the presidential campaign in some way, it's clear that Trump was the impetus for the letter, at least to some degree.
"All of us reacted with some shock to language in the Republican platform," Emanuel said. "So we felt that we had to say something."
This isn't the first time that scientists have voiced concerns regarding public policy related to climate change. For example, in February, nearly 3,000 scientists from around the world condemned the Australian government's move to slash funding for climate research and lay off dozens of scientists.
However, the signing of this letter is a unique instance in which nearly 400 scientists are criticizing the political platform of the Republican Party, considering Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's climate proposals track more closely with what scientists are saying regarding the severity of global warming and need to slash emissions of greenhouse gases.
Four scientists collaborated on the effort to write and solicit signatories for the letter: Santer, Emanuel, who specializes in studying tropical cyclones; and astrophysicists George Field and Ray Weymann.
In a world of precarious work, is there a better way to do business? That's the question being asked by a new coalition called the Better Way Alliance — and for entrepreneur Helmi Ansari, whose company distributes tea merchandise across 30 countries, the answer is a resounding yes.
Helmi Ansari, left, and wife Mehreen Sait are shown at their company, Grosche International, in Cambridge, Ont. The firm, which employs a dozen people, became the first multi-site business in Ontario to pay a living wage — the hourly sum a worker needs to earn to support a family above the poverty line, given the actual costs of living in a specific area. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
The head of Cambridge-based Grosche International forms part of the initiative drawing on a mix of private companies, non-profits, and charitable organizations across Ontario. It strives to raise awareness through a video campaign about the business sense behind paying a living wage, supporting fair scheduling, and promoting stable jobs where possible — all as the provincial government considers similar legislative changes. The message from this group of leaders is simple: being good is good for the bottom line. “If our staff is focused on how they're going to put food on the table and how they're going to pay the hydro bill, they are not going to be really engaged in the business,” Ansari says.
Article Continued Below
For Ansari, it was a journey that started by selling loose leaf tea door-to-door, after they returned home from their day job as a business executive with a large company. Alongside their wife, they grew Grosche International into a tea merchandise supplier whose clients include Home Outfitters and Bed Bath & Beyond. At the core of their dream was building their own business to serve as “a force for good,” a vision they and their wife Mehreen Sait animated through safe drinking water initiatives in developing countries. It was on one such development trip — this time to South Sudan — that a colleague asked what they were doing to help people closer to home. The question kindled something in Ansari. “I said, if we're trying to do something for the whole world, we have to do the same thing for our staff,” they recall. Their company, which employs a dozen people, became the first multi-site business in Ontario to pay a living wage — the hourly sum a worker needs to earn to support a family above the poverty line, given the actual costs of living in a specific area. Ansari pays all their Cambridge staff and contractors over $16.05 an hour, while the minimum rate for their Guelph employees is $16.50.
Ontario's minimum wage is currently set at $11.40, a figure workers' rights and anti-poverty activists like the Fight for $15 Coalition say is too low to keep families afloat. The Star has also profiled the impact of precarious work on issues like mental health. The approach advanced by the Better Way Alliance is not without detractors. In the United States, where several jurisdictions have bumped up the minimum wage to $15 and implemented measures like fair scheduling laws and paid sick day provisions, critics have warned of potential job cuts and loss of productivity. Closer to home, the Ontario Chamber of Commerce has urged government to ensure any employment law reforms considered as part of the so-called Changing Workplaces Review do not unduly limit businesses' flexibility and economic growth.
Article Continued Below
But Kelly Watson, director of people and development for Muskoka Brewery, which is part of the Better Way Alliance, says their company — and community — have benefited from implementing a living wage for its 125 workers. “They're more engaged, they're spending more money on nutritious meals, they're spending more money connecting socially with the community. To have that full-time employment, to have that money coming into the community on a regular basis really helps those small businesses,” they say. “(Our success) wouldn't have been possible if we didn't have engaged and committed people working for us,” adds Ansari. While Ontario's Changing Workplaces Review will not consider a minimum wage hike, Ansari says they hope the new coalition of businesses who have voluntarily implemented changes like a living wage will help foster a broader discussion about how to tackle precarious work. “These are all things that we still have some work to do on as a society. The role of business is not just to serve society,” they say. “I think the role of business is to help create a stronger society.”
There are fresh signs of cooling in the Canadian housing market, but analysts say fears of a major crash have yet to materialize.
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. reported Tuesday that the pace of housing starts crept up slightly last month from February, despite a drop in the number of single dwellings begun in some urban markets.
Starts in March totalled 12,273 or 184,028 annualized, just slightly higher than in February but down 13.6 per cent from a year ago.
Simultaneously, Statistics Canada released a report on building permits that showed future building intentions for residential construction fell 7.2 per cent in February to $3.6 billion.
Both numbers were bad news for the Canadian economy as a whole, suggesting the key housing market will be a net drag on growth during the quarter and likely in the near term as starts and sales come off higher levels of previous years.
But analysts added that the recent slow descent from very high altitudes in a sector that some calculate is overpriced by as much as 25 per cent and overbuilt — especially in Vancouver and Toronto — is actually what the doctor ordered and may hold off a punitive collapse.
"The slowdown suggests we are not crashing, people are not panicking, especially condo builders," said Benjamin Tal, a senior economist with CIBC World Markets.
"All the indicators we are seeing as of today, in the resale market and in the housing start market, suggest this is a market that is slowing softly. We should be in the neighbourhood of 170,000 to 180,000 in housing starts and we should be getting there."
Tal said demographics dictate that builders should be erecting about 180,000 new units a year in order to keep the market in equilibrium. At 184,000, that is still too high and they predict starts will eventually slow to about 170,000 to soak up excess supply.
Canada's housing market, which had been among the world's hottest following the recession, began to slow at about this time last year and braked sharply after Finance Minister Jim Flaherty tightened mortgage rules in July. The policy move, which made it more difficult for first-time buyers to enter the market, was widely praised at the time as necessary to avoid a U.S.-light housing crash that would be crippling to the economy.
Recently, Flaherty has upbraided lenders from cutting mortgage rates too far and undercutting their policy objectives, succeeding in having both the Bank of Montreal and the Manulife reverse mortgage rate cuts.
Arlene Kish of IHS Global Insight said they expected residential construction to remain subdued for the rest of the year, but added that it has become "increasingly unlikely there will be any kind of precipitous collapse in new home building activity."
Affordability remains near historic levels
A major ballast for the market is that despite Flaherty's recent efforts, mortgage rates remain at historic lows, and affordability — the measure of household disposable income in relation to home ownership costs — remains near historic levels.
Tal said the cooling, if it continues for a year or so, will prepare the market for the eventual squeeze when interest rates start rising, likely in 2014.
"We've never seen a crash without a trigger. In 1990-91, the trigger was a huge increase in interest rates. In the U.S., the trigger was an increase in interest rates and the sub-prime shock," they explained.
"So any slowing we are doing now without those triggers is a bonus because it means we will be more ready to absorb interest rates rising."
The March start numbers show the downturn was all in urban construction, which slipped 2.7 per cent to 157,217 as single-unit construction fell 6.6 per cent and multiples by 0.1 per cent. By contrast, rural starts had their best month in three years, increasing 24 per cent to 26,800 units.
Regionally, urban starts decreased 15.7 per cent in Ontario on a seasonally adjusted annual rate and were down 13.5 per cent in Quebec.
However, urban starts jumped 27.1 per cent in Atlantic Canada, were 13.8 per cent higher on the Prairies and 13.1 per cent higher in British Columbia.
Emanuella Enenajor, an economist at CIBC World Markets, said the overall numbers were in line with their expectations but better than a consensus estimate calling for the seasonally adjusted rate to fall to 175,000 in March.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has been accused of plagiarising the West Wing in their keynote speech to Conservative Party Conference.
The Prime Minister is set to address delegates at the party's annual get-together this morning.
But some lines from the speech, released this morning, sound awfully familiar to fans of Aaron Sorkin's classic political drama.
They bear a striking similarity to a speech delivered by the fictional President Josiah Bartlet - played by Martin Sheen - in one of the show's most powerful moments of oratory.
Here's the section from Mrs May's speech:
“It is when tested the most that we reach deep within ourselves and find that our capacity to the challenge before us may well be limitless.”
And here's the speech from the West Wing:
“Every time we think we have measured our capacity to meet a challenge, we look up and we're reminded that that capacity may well be limitless.”
(Image: NBC)
The speech is delivered at the climax of the two-part, Season 4 episode '20 Hours in America'.
In the show, President Bartlet is delivering a speech in the aftermath of a bombing on a University.
In a section of the speech written by Rob Lowe's character, Sam Seaborn, in the back of the car on the way to the event, Bartlet pays tribute to students who ran into the burning building to rescue the injured.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They say: “Three swimmers from the men's team were killed and two others are in critical condition. When, after having heard the explosion from their practice facility, they ran into the fire to help get people out. Ran into the fire.
“The streets of heaven are too crowded with angels tonight. They're our students and our teachers and our parents and our friends.
“The streets of heaven are too crowded with angels, but every time we think we have measured our capacity to meet a challenge, we look up and we're reminded that that capacity may well be limitless.
“This is a time for American heroes. We will do what is hard. We will achieve what is great. This is a time for American Heroes and we reach for the stars.”
A senior Downing Street source insisted: "There's no question of plagiarism.
“But if you're interested in the PM's favourite US TV shows, the West Wing isn't among them.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Introduction by Tom Engelhardt
It's natural, whether as a website or an individual, to get caught up in issues that are immediate and urgent. The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan that have been the focus of so many TomDispatch columns are happening right now. People are dying now. The economy is melting down now. The foreclosed and homeless are waking up now in ever-growing numbers. Unemployment lines are getting longer as you read this. Children are hungry this very minute, and the anxiety of a middle-class in freefall is palpable right now almost anywhere you go.
But now and then, it's also useful to take a step back and ask some longer term questions. Even if we could stop the wars, put people back to work (and back into their homes), even if we could get consumers spending again, there's always the “what-for” question. What have we accomplished if all we've done is reset the clock on the next war, the next bubble, the next bust… and if, all the while, the ice is melting and the globe warming?
Chip Ward, a TomDispatch contributor since 2003, spent 16 years confronting corporations that pollute and run, leaving sickness and suffering in their wake. They were focused on urgent and immediate tasks that made a difference right away (and, while they were at it, running a library system in Salt Lake City that was slowly filling up with homeless people). Recently, they took a break and retreated to the remote canyons of southern Utah where he's been reflecting on that bigger picture and, as it happens, on the nature of bigness itself at a moment when “too big to fail” is the phrase du jour. Tom
Too Big to Fail
Ecological Ignorance and Economic Collapse
By Chip Ward
“Too big to fail.” It's been the mantra of our economic meltdown. Although meant to emphasize the overwhelming importance of this bank or that corporation, the phrase also unwittingly expresses a shared delusion that may be at the root of our current crises—both economic and ecological.
In nature, nothing is too big to fail. In fact, big is bound to fail. To understand why that's so means stepping away from a prevailing set of beliefs that holds us in its sway, especially the deep conviction that we operate apart from nature's limits and rules.
Here's the heart of the matter: We are ecologically illiterate—not just unfamiliar with the necessary scientific vocabulary and concepts, but spectacularly, catastrophically, tragically dumb. Oh yes, some of us now understand that draining those wetlands, clear-cutting the rainforests, and pumping all that CO2 into the atmosphere are self-destructively idiotic behaviors. But when it comes down to how nature itself behaves, we remain remarkably clueless.
The Adaptive Cycle from Google to GM
Science tells us that complex adaptive systems, like economies or ecosystems, tend to go through basic phases, however varied they may be. In the adaptive cycle, first comes a growth phase characterized by open opportunity. The system is weaving itself together and so there are all sorts of niches to be filled, paths to take, partnerships to be made, all involving seemingly endless possibilities and potential. Think of Google.
As niches are filled and the system sorts out, establishing strong interdependent relationships, the various players become less diverse and are bound together in ways that are ever more constricting. This is the consolidation phase that follows growth. As the system matures, it may look ever bigger and more indestructible, but it is actually growing ever more vulnerable. Think of General Motors.
The hidden weakness that underlies big systems is inherent in the consolidation phase. When every player gets woven ever more tightly into every other, a seemingly small change in a remote corner of the system can cascade catastrophically through the whole of it. Think of a lighted match at the edge of a dry forest. Think of Bear Stearns.
As global capitalism is melting down around us, we are experiencing just how, in an overly mature system, disruptions that start small can grow exponentially. So, for example, unemployment goes up another percent or two, just enough to make those of us with jobs save our cash, fearing we might be next. As we buy less, stocks pile up, production lags, more people are fired, more fear spreads, and consumption contracts further.
The above scenario, as familiar as can be, also provides an example of how easy it is to cross thresholds—even just that slim percent or two can do the trick—and fall into self-reinforcing feedback loops. Big consolidated systems are particularly vulnerable to such runaway scenarios. Think of the domino effect within the densely connected global economy that led to Bear Stearns, then Lehman, Merrill Lynch, AIG…
The third phase in the typical adaptive cycle is collapse. If you want to know what that's like, turn on the TV, look out your window, or knock on your neighbor's door, assuming that you still have a window or your neighbor still has a door. Since everything's connected, when an overgrown system spirals out of control, collapse tends to feel like an avalanche rather than erosion.
It may be hard to notice during the turmoil and confusion, but enormous amounts of energy are released in the collapse phase of an adaptive cycle and that leads to the final phase: regeneration. After seeds are cracked open by a forest fire, seedlings bloom in the nutrient-rich ashes of the former forest. They soak up newly available sunlight where the forest canopy has been opened. Then, as those open spaces start to fill, the growth phase begins anew. Hopefully, in our world, those empty auto-making factories will soon house a blooming business in wind turbines and mass transit.
It is important, however, to recognize that sometimes the collapse phase leads to renewal and sometimes to an entirely different and unwanted regime. Fire, for example, can renew a forest by clearing debris, opening niche space, and resetting the successional clock, or, if combined with a prolonged drought, it can set the stage for desertification. In human systems, we can influence whether the outcome is positive or negative by setting goals, providing incentives, and creating policies designed to reach them.
Building an Economy in Thin Air
Once you tune in to the phases of an adaptive cycle, you see them unfolding all around you. They may seem overwhelmingly complex, especially when compared to the neater, more linear models that shape our conventional ways of seeing the world, but ignoring that cycle as you build an economy is akin to denying gravity as you build a skyscraper.
Bigness is a warning signal that tells us to take a second look and consider whether the seemingly solid thing in front of us is far closer to collapse than it looks and, if so, to ask what can be done about it. If we were ecologically savvy, the conventional wisdom would be: If it ain't broke but it sure is big, then fix it. We do that by breaking it up and creating space for new niches and for the more dynamic diversity that naturally flows into such a system.
It's easy to attribute the creative fervor of the growth phase to an absence of regulation, rather than seeing it as the natural process of niche-filling in a system with lots of available space. As it is now plain, freeing an already big corporate system of almost all regulation so that it can grow even bigger does not, in fact, encourage creativity; it just hastens the consolidation phase. So, to offer but one example, letting GM off the hook on fuel efficiency during the Bush era didn't make the company more creative. It only added to its long-term vulnerability.
It was surely no coincidence that, after the mammoth AT&T monopoly was broken up in the 1980's, cell phone technology emerged explosively starting in the 1990's. In a sense, cell phones were the technological equivalent of a new species emerging after the collapse and regeneration phases of an ecosystem. In the same way, it wasn't giant IBM which generated the revolutionary development of personal computers and the Internet. The next breakthrough in solar technology may be more likely to start in your neighbor's garage than in Chevron's lab.
Driving Off Cliffs
Our ignorance of the adaptive cycle is just one example of our ecological illiteracy. We are similarly inept at reading all sorts of natural signs. Take, for example, thresholds, those critical points where seemingly minor changes can tip an economy into recession or a climate into a new regime of monster storms and epic droughts.
Thresholds are like the doors between the phases in the adaptive cycle, except that they are often one-way—once you stumble through them, you can't get back to the other side—so it is crucially important to understand where they are. Although we recognize that there are such things as “tipping points” and we recognize, belatedly, that we have already crossed too many of them, we're lousy at seeing, let alone avoiding, thresholds before we reach them.
Understanding exactly where a threshold is located may be difficult, but we can at least look for such boundaries, and deliberately try not to cross them when the unintended consequences of doing so can be dire. There are, after all, usually warnings: the reservoir level is lower every year; the colors in the coral reef are fading away; mercury levels in the lake increase; you are more dependent than ever on imported oil…
Once you have driven off a cliff, it do you little good to realize that you are falling. The time to practice water conservation is before your well runs dry. Our culture's ability to deal with thresholds has proven only slightly better than my dog's ability to solve algebra problems.
Regeneration, Not Recovery
Still, if we really were attentive to the natural cycles unfolding around us, we wouldn't be attracted to growth like moths to a flame. We wouldn't equate bigness with success, but with risk, with enervation awaiting collapse. We certainly wouldn't be aiming today to rebuild yesterday's busted economy so that, tomorrow, we can resume our unlimited looting of nature's storehouse.
Believing that we are unbounded by nature's limits or rules, we built an economy where faster, cheaper, bigger, and more added up to the winning hand. Then—until the recent global meltdown at least—we acted as if our eventual triumph over anything from resource scarcity to those melting icebergs was a foregone conclusion. Facing problems (or thresholds) where the red lights were visibly blinking, we simply told ourselves that we'd figure out how to tweak the engineering a bit, and make room for a few more passengers.
We got it wrong. A capitalist economy based on constant, unlimited growth is a reckless fantasy because ecosystems are not limitless—there are just so many pollinators, so many aquifers, so much fertile soil. In nature, unchecked rapid growth is the ideology of the invasive species and the cancer cell. Growth as an end in itself is ultimately self-destructive. A (globally warming) rising sea may lift all boats, as capitalists like to point out, but it may also inundate the coastline and drown the people living there.
If “recovery” from economic meltdown is just another word for a return to business as usual, we will be squandering a crucial chance to begin to build an economy that could be viable over the long run, without overloading the Earth's carrying capacity and courting catastrophe. We don't have to go big.
Remember that regeneration phase of the adaptive cycle? Here's where that comes in. Yes, collapse is a nightmare, but it also presents opportunities. If we were more aware of the thresholds we've already crossed, we might think differently about the next iteration of the economy. We could always cross a threshold of our own making and decide to live differently. Unrestrained growth, after all, was never a prerequisite for health, happiness, and justice. It's not written into the Constitution.
What would an end to separation from nature and from each other feel like? How might it be expressed day to day? The regeneration phase that is now upon us begs us to answer those questions.
This much is clear. If we want to avoid endless darkness and hardship, we have to become ecologically literate—deeply so. The future is, you might say, too big to fail.
Chip Ward is a political activist and author of Canaries on the Rim (Verso) and Hope's Horizon (Island Press). They write from Torrey, Utah, a small village that refuses to go big.
Copyright 2009 Chip Ward
Soldiers attached to the Frontier Constabulary (FC) of the Pakistan Army have attacked a wedding party on the night of February 3, killing 13 persons including the bride and groom, the wedding officiator (called nikah khawn) and six members of the same family. Twenty one (21) persons were also injured, the majority of them, women. It has been reported that the attack was in retaliation to an incident on February 2, in which unknown assailants had killed three soldiers of the same constabulary.
The incident occurred at a place called Dashte Goran, 18 kilometres from the town of Dera Buti. This town has remained under military occupation since 2002 and had also been bombed repeatedly, by the Pakistani Air Force. The present incident began when there was a marriage party in the area; and in keeping with local custom many relatives and friends of both families attended the wedding party — sometimes travelling for long distances. According to some media reports, when the FC soldiers saw the large gathered outside the wedding house, they were scared and attacked the house. They then indiscriminately fired into the wedding party on the pretext that they had been shot from inside the premises. Apparently the FC officers had not even bothered to ask people outside the house, what was going on inside.
Due to the ongoing military operations in Balochistan, members of the FC have been given the authority to shoot at sight, any person of suspicion, without further ado. Only a day before on February 2, some unknown persons, riding motorcycles had attacked a check post of the near Dera Bugti Town. It is reliably believed that the indiscriminate shooting at an innocent wedding party — killing 13 and seriously injuring 21 persons — was in retaliation of the previous day incident.
The identities of the unfortunate persons killed by the FC have now been revealed. They are: Maulana Qazi Gul Din son of Paher Din, Mandoz son of Muhammad Bijar (the groom), Ali Baig, Pir Bux, Ullo, Todhoo, Kakar, Behram, Bahar Khan, Baran Baloch, Thalu Khan, Kakeer and the bride. Among them, Ali Baig, Pir Bux, Ullo, Todhoo, Kakar, Behram and Bahar Khan belonged to one family. After the massacre, the FC members were seen taking away the dead with them, in three military trucks.
The Inspector General of FC denied reports of the firing incident but according to media reports, the police have cordoned off the areas and shifted the injured persons to the Dera Bugti District Hospital. The critically injured have been transferred to Quetta, the capital of Balochistan, and admitted to a civil hospital. Later a AFP quoted a local official speaking on the ground of anonymity as saying that the soldiers had raided a house in the area on Monday night to track down militants. When the troops stormed the house, some shots were fired by the residents and the troops returned the fire, killing four people, including the bride and the groom.
This is not the first time FC officers have attacked ordinary civilians. Reportedly in 2006, at Eid Azha, a major festival celebrated by Muslims, the FC attacked people participating in the slaughtering of animals, killing 14 persons. The FC had then taken away the bodies and kept them at a Pakistan army cantonment for four days; it was only with the intervention of elders and tribal chiefs that the Army returned theby thenbadly decomposed bodies.
On February 2, the chief minister of the province claimed that there were no military operations in the province; but only one day later the false utterances of the civilian government has been been exposed. To date, the provincial government has failed to take any action regarding the bloody incident, and this is another example of the militarys contemptuous attitude towards the Balochi people. Incidents such this and others e.g. the detaining of women as sex slaves in a military torture cell at Karachi — capital of the Sindh province clearly indicate that the Pakistan armed forced are out of control.
Therefore the Asian Human Rights Commission urges the government of Asif Zardari, President of Pakistan to immediately order a judicial inquiry into the killing of so many people by the Frontier Constabulary allegedly in retaliation to a previous attack on FC personnel by unknown miscreants. The government should immediately pull out the military and its paramilitary forces from the Balochistan province. The officials involved in this multiple killing should be forthwith arrested and tried for murder in the ordinary courts of Pakistan under section 302 of the Pakistan Penal Code.
NASA Satellite Finds Interior of Mars Is Colder
A view of the north polar ice cap on Mars taken by NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. Image credit: NASA/JPL/Malin Space Science Systems
WASHINGTON -- New observations from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter indicate that the crust and upper mantle of Mars are stiffer and colder than previously thought.The findings suggest any liquid water that might exist below the planet's surface and any possible organisms living in that water, would be located deeper than scientists had suspected."We found that the rocky surface of Mars is not bending under the load of the north polar ice cap," said Roger Phillips of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colo. Phillips is the lead author of a new report appearing in this week's online version of Science. "This implies that the planet's interior is more rigid, and thus colder, than we thought before."The discovery was made using the Shallow Radar (SHARAD) instrument on the Orbiter, which has provided the most detailed pictures to date of the interior layers of ice, sand and dust that make up the north polar cap on Mars. The radar images reveal long, continuous layers stretching up to 600 miles or about one-fifth the length of the United States."In our first glimpses inside the polar ice using the radar on Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, we can clearly see stacks of icy material that trace the history of Mars' climate," said Jeffrey Plaut from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. Plaut is a science team member and a co-author of the paper. "Radar has opened up a new avenue for studying Mars' past."The radar pictures show a smooth, flat border between the ice cap and the rocky Martian crust. On Earth, the weight of a similar stack of ice would cause the planet's surface to sag. The fact that the Martian surface is not bending means that its strong outer shell, or lithosphere, a combination of its crust and upper mantle, must be very thick and cold."The lithosphere of a planet is the rigid part. On Earth, the lithosphere is the part that breaks during an earthquake," said Suzanne Smrekar, deputy project scientist for Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter at JPL. "The ability of the radar to see through the ice cap and determine that there is no bending of the lithosphere gives us a good idea of present day temperatures inside Mars for the first time."Temperatures in the outer portion of a rocky planet like Mars increase with depth toward the interior. The thicker the lithosphere, the more gradually the temperatures increase. The discovery of a thicker Martian lithosphere therefore implies that any liquid water lurking in aquifers below the surface would have to be deeper than previously calculated, where temperatures are warmer. Scientists speculate that any life on Mars associated with deep aquifers also would have to be buried deeper in the interior.The radar pictures also reveal four zones of finely spaced layers of ice and dust separated by thick layers of nearly pure ice. Scientists think this pattern of thick ice-free layers represents cycles of climate change on Mars on a time scale of roughly one million years. Such climate changes are caused by variations in the tilt of the planet's rotational axis and in the eccentricity of its orbit around the sun. The observations support the idea that the north polar ice cap is geologically active and relatively young, at about 4 million years.On May 25, NASA's Phoenix Mars Lander is scheduled to touch down not far from the north polar ice cap. It will further investigate the history of water on Mars, and is expected to get the first up close look at ice on the Red Planet.The SHARAD was provided by the Italian Space Agency, and its operations are led by the InfoCom Department, University of Rome "La Sapienza." Thales Alenia Space Italia, in Rome, is the Italian Space Agency's prime contractor for the radar instrument. Astro Aerospace, of Carpinteria, Calif., a business unit of Los Angeles-based Northrop Grumman Corp., developed the instrument's antenna as a subcontractor to Thales Alenia Space Italia.The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter mission is managed by JPL for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems in Denver was the prime contractor for the orbiter and supports its operations.###NASA: http://www.nasa.gov/home/index.html
Following heavy repression, neighborhood groups in San Antonio de los Altos, Los Teques and Carrizal are morphing into a scary kind of opposition-colectivo.
Repression, looting, robberies, and nights full of tear gas and gunfire have become routine for the Altos Mirandinos, isolating entire communities in their own homes for days on end. As the state collapses, new and unexpected actors are coming forward to fill the void. And they are scary.
My parents, who still live in San Antonio, were stuck at home, unable to go out for five full days this week — luckily, they had some stocks of food to tide them over. It just wasn't possible to get around all the barricades, and even if you could, there are hardly any shops selling anything: everything's been looted.
Constant clashes have turned the whole area into a kind of ungoverned space, where no municipal or State authority has any kind of control whatsoever. The literature on state failure is clear: this kind of ungoverned space invites irregular groups to step into the void, taking “de facto” control over the area. That's certainly been our experience back home.
As the state collapses, new and unexpected actors are coming forward to fill the void.
Groups of opposition neighborhood youths started to gel in response to this chaos. They got their start clashing on a daily basis with the security forces. The WhatsAppRoots loves to call them brave, dauntless fighters, and neighbors would help them with food supplies and first aid supplies. But more and more they're acting like something else: a kind of parallel mob government nobody can control.
In San Antonio de Los Altos, at least, they've started treating the vecinos in ways not so different from the infamous chavista colectivos.
The meeting
I talked to a resident of the O.P.S. buildings on the Avenida Perimetral near the iconic San Antonio roundabout –the core of the National Guard (GNB) and Resistance clashes. Speaking on condition of anonymity, they told me about a meeting between the youngsters leading the clashes against the GNB and manning the barricades all over the city; and the community. The meeting was requested by the neighbors of the worst affected areas.
The hoods and masks the kids were wearing made it hard to put names to usually familiar faces.
They wanted to talk about the barricades and blockades. They've gotten so extreme that people in many urbanizaciones in San Antonio have just not been able to leave their homes. The neighbors asked these youths to lift the barricades to let people restock, and to allow people in need of medical attention to get to their health centers.
The answer was simple: “no.”
The teens and young men in their early twenties showed up to the meeting, faces covered behind hoods and masks, armed with sticks and improvised weapons.
According to another neighbor, they said they would keep the blockades and keep fighting against the GNB until Maduro leaves. But they also said that they don't recognize the authority of Los Salias mayor, Josy Fernández (Primero Justicia), or even Governor Henrique Capriles' authority in Miranda state or the leadership of MUD. They're a law onto themselves.
What's scary is that San Antonio is not that big a place: we all know each other. But the hoods and masks the kids were wearing made it hard to put names to usually familiar faces.
Alarmingly, barricades now block off the access to Policlínica El Retiro, one of the few health centers that took care of wounded protesters. It's the place that tried to save the life of Diego Arellano.
The colectivo attitude
Imagine spending five days shut it at home, without any chance to shop for already scarce food and medicines.
As my old neighbors in Pacheco told me “we did not have enough provisions, so we had to go out on foot several miles to San Antonio's downtown, but everything was closed.” Suppliers could not come in, so supermarkets, bakeries, and abastos had almost nothing to sell.
The chamos did call sporadic “ceasefires” during the five day siege when bakeries and small stores were allowed to (or rather, ordered to) open. María, another O.P.S. resident told me they were in a bakery in the Perimetral Avenue standing a line to purchase whatever was available when they came.
It was not the GNB or actual government colectivos, but the hooded youngsters from the barricades that came into the bakery, shouting orders to the owners and taking control of the lines and the products being sold.
Like SUNDDE, or CLAPs members, these youngsters took control over the distribution of basic goods in the area, demanding a share for their own benefit “to keep up the fight on the streets.” The thin line between resistance and racketeering seems to be dissolving out there.
I was shocked by María's testimony, so I kept asking who these kids were.
People describe them as a mixed group of youngsters, ranging from middle class teenagers to the well-known group of San Antonio's poorer kids who were forced to drop out of high school and get jobs. There's a persistent sense that there are some infiltrados thrown into the mix, adding fuel to the fire.
The thin line between resistance and racketeering seems to be dissolving out there.
They all have a thing in common, though: they think they have nothing to lose, so they keep their feet on the streets 24/7, manning barricades and refusing the crossing to members of the community, unless they pay up in food, medicines, or gasoline from their tanks (to make petrol bombs.)
Yes they're victims: of two decades of misgovernment, of social resentment, of hatred, of impunity, of educational collapse, of a lack of political consciousness.
But they're also perpetrators. They compete to see who's the most arrecho or who controls the inner-factions in the group, like a Caribbean Lord of the Flies.
They feed from chaos, and chaos is their only plan.
Playing into the government's hands
Even if the original intentions of these groups were noble, the protest are now as big a problem for neighbors as the repression. They're the perfect scapegoat. They provide a pretext to attack opposition mayors and governors, even as these groups don't recognize them as elected officials at all.
They compete to see who's the most arrecho or who controls the inner-factions in the group, like a Caribbean Lord of the Flies.
Nobody in the opposition wants to talk about it —for obvious reasons. But it's enormously dangerous, and it could spread. Perhaps Diputados, the same ones marching and choking on tear gas alongside Caraqueños, should be dispatched to their respective districts and exercise some local leadership before things get out of hand.
MUD ignores the chaos in the Altos Mirandinos at its own risk. Mindless radicalism could overrun them, hampering the legitimate effort for civil disobedience against Maduro's dictatorship.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
GENEVA – The U.N. Committee against Torture has called on Japan and South Korea to revise their deal over women who were forced into wartime Japanese military brothels.
The agreement should be modified to 兎nsure that the surviving victims of sexual slavery during World War II are provided with redress, including the right to compensation and rehabilitation and the right to truth, reparation and assurances of non-repetitions,” the committee said in a report.
The recommendation could prompt the administration of new South Korean President Moon Jae-in to demand new negotiations on the deal, but the recommendation is not legally binding and Japan has no obligation to comply.
Japan and South Korea struck the landmark deal in December 2015 to 吐inally and irreversibly” resolve a protracted dispute over the issue of so-called comfort women.
In line with the terms of the deal, Tokyo disbursed ･1 billion ($8.9 million) last year to a South Korean fund to help former comfort women and their families.
Speaking with Moon by phone on Thursday, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe attached importance to implementing the accord, but Moon replied that 杜ost South Korean people are emotionally unable to accept” the deal.
The Committee against Torture was established in 1988 in line with the 1984 U.N. Convention against Torture, which bans police and government organizations of states that are party to the convention from acts or torture and other inhuman treatment. Japan became party to the pact in 1999.
The committee evaluates member countries' compliance on a regular basis and issues recommendations if problems are found.
In May 2013, the U.N. human rights panel urged the Japanese government to 途efute attempts to deny the facts by the government authorities and public figures and to re-traumatize the victims through such denials.”
The document was issued after then-Osaka Mayor Toru Hashimoto said comfort women had been necessary to maintain discipline in the military, sparking anger in South Korea and elsewhere.
The government rejected the document, issuing a statement saying the recommendation 電oes not oblige member countries to comply.” The statement was approved at a Cabinet meeting the following month.
Apostle Guillermo Maldonado
For decades, the Dade County Farm bureau found back doorways to open up urban uses outside the UDB. They did this for their large parcel owner/ board members, not the involuntary members of the "Farm Bureau" who have to become members to buy Farmer's insurance policies through them.The insiders at the Dade County Farm Bureau did a lot of damage to the farming community by lobbying the county commission to permit an excessive amount of farmland to be deemed "ancillary" when it was not by any stretch of the imagination. The big landowners have always been connected to the lawyers and downtown lobbyists and bankers who extend mortgages, often based on the developable value of the land and not its use as agriculture. It is a witches' coven that transformed the beautiful South Florida landscape from trees and fields and farms into whatever made the most money, quickest.South Dade couldn't wait to become Kendall: featureless and dominated by strip malls.There is a new tidbit of a few words in a recent Land Use Element change in the EAR which basically say's Churches have more rights than Jesus! All of the sudden, appearing out of nowhere, religious facilities are written in a Land Use amendment as "Ancillary to Agriculture".This is problematic for a whole bunch of reasons, including actual farming going on inside the Ag areas, outside the UDB. There are religious groups, well one really huge one, buying land outside the UDB. This will allow them to operate let's say on the low end, a 5,000 member or upward mega church in the middle of a Redland or near west of Krome Avenue abutting the Everglades north of there.Take for example this group run by the Maldonado empire: 100's of acres of productive Agriculture, farming going on around it, out pops a massive religious building, the traffic and noise follow. Outside the Urban Development Boundary is just that: there should be no urban uses. Period. No street lighting, a lot of roads are not paved, and it is a way of life people who live there love. Talk about taking away one group of property rights in plane sight to allow something that is not by any definition "ancillary".So which county commissioner put this in the proposed Land Use changes? Does their or their photo appear as a dedicated worshipper on Sundays during political season at Guillermo Maldonado's Ministerio Internacioal El Rey Jesus? It is absurd. Religious facilities are allowed by right in residential areas and other zoning. To say Religious Facilities are now "ancillary to agriculture" isn't appropriate. It is a smoke screen for building a constituency for moving the Urban Development Boundary. Jesus!In addition to destroying the farming communities, Churches are tax exempt, so we get to pay for their damage as well since they, by law, don't have to do that either! If this change to the county land use plan is allowed, next will be the need to build roads, etc. in an area they are not supposed to be in the first place.We have crumbling infrastructure all over Miami-Dade County. We don't need new problems, which this will create a whole bunch of very expensive messes and probably litigation for years when the Ag interest (I mean those who actually farm) revolt against the land use give away currently taking place in plain view.
On Wednesday's broadcast of CNN's “New Day,” Senator Al Franken (D-MN) stated that they would still appear with comedian Kathy Griffin, and denounced the picture depicting them holding up President Trump's severed head as something that “had no business” being in the public discourse and a “horrible mistake.”
Franken said that Griffin deserved to be denounced for the picture, and that they thought they went too far. They added, “Kathy is a friend, and she's a terrific comedian, but what — this had no business being in our public discourse. And I talked to them They apologized, a real fulsome apology. She's actually begged for forgiveness, and I believe in forgiveness.”
Franken further stated, “I think they did the right thing. I think asking for forgiveness and acknowledging that this — this was a horrible mistake.”
Interviewer Alisyn Camerota then asked Franken, “And you're still going to appear with her?” They responded, “Yes.”
(h/t GOP War Room)
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
“ Women just don't major in high paying fields and take more time off.
The gender pay gap is not because of different industries. Women earn less than men across the board, in every occupation. Refer to the BLS data on median earnings by gender and occupation:
When measured on an hourly basis, the pay gap is smaller but still exists.
Don't get me wrong, there is no question that hours worked is a large source of the difference, which is why some feminists such as myself believe that the way to move forward is to create universal paternity leave and encourage the burdens of childcare to be shared equally between parents, to combat the stereotype that mothers are going to let work suffer for the sake of children, etc.
However, hours absolutely does not explain away the entirety of the pay gap.
“ there is no real wage gap.
Studies have found that, when accounting for all known factors such as occupation, experience, qualification, seniority and hours worked, there is still a gender pay gap. This number depends on the methodology, ranging from about 5% by a conservative report under the Bush administration, to 12% according to the American Association of University Women:
Now I know some MRA contends this is an insignificant number, to which my usual retort is let's charge you 5-12% extra tax for the rest of your life >:P
But yeah, there's a reason why the slogan is "equal pay for equal work".
When it is not simply being wasted, U.S. aid to Afghanistan is being spent on projects that the Afghan government does not have the capacity to sustain, and “millions” of taxpayer dollars could be ending up in the hands of the enemy, according to Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) John Sopko.
“Afghanistan is already the most costly reconstruction effort carried out in U.S. history” and is expected to remain “the largest recipient of [U.S.] assistance for years to come,” reports the Washington Free Beacon. Last year that nation received more than $16 billion in U.S. aid for security forces and reconstruction projects; and with the World Bank estimating that it will need $70 billion in additional aid over the next decade — much of it coming from U.S. taxpayers — Americans have good reason to be concerned about the problems SIGAR has highlighted.
“SIGAR's audits and inspections have repeatedly found that inadequate planning and lack of coordination have led to waste, increased costs, delays, and unsustainable projects, as well as facilities that are not being used for their intended purposes,” John F. Sopko, the current SIGAR, told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform April 10.
Projects suffer from both poor quality assurance and poor security, Sopko said. Security has become an increasing problem since Afghan law began requiring contractors and nonprofit organizations to contract with government security forces rather than private ones. Matters are only expected to worsen as U.S. forces are withdrawn.
Those projects that haven't suffered are still at risk, Sopko testified. “The United States has provided tens of billions of dollars for infrastructure, everything from roads and electricity networks to schools, clinics, and security force facilities,” they said. “However, as we and the World Bank have pointed out, the Afghan government lacks the revenue, institutional capacity, and human capital to operate and maintain much of this infrastructure.” In other words, all of this work — and expense — may well end up being for naught once Afghanistan is left to fend for itself.
Perhaps the biggest impediment to successful projects, however, is “corruption,” which Sopko told the committee “threatens the entire reconstruction effort in Afghanistan.”
The Afghan government is part of the problem. “Although the Afghan government has said it is committed to tackling endemic corruption, Afghan officials remain reluctant to take serious action to prosecute corrupt officials, especially if they are high-ranking or well-connected,” Sopko said.
Kabul isn't the only one to blame for the ongoing corruption. Washington, too, has been rather lax in ensuring that aid is spent properly.
According to a SIGAR report released the same day as Sopko's appearance before the Oversight Committee, although the Defense Department is permitted to void contracts with individuals and entities later found to be opposing U.S. efforts in Afghanistan, “several weaknesses” in the process “prevent the department from having reasonable assurance that U.S. government contracting funds are not being provided to persons and entities supporting the insurgency and opposing U.S. and coalition forces.”
Section 841 of the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) “permits the Department of Defense (DOD) to authorize a Head of a Contracting Activity (HCA) to restrict, terminate, or void a DOD contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with an entity or individual determined to be actively supporting an insurgency or otherwise opposing U.S. or coalition forces in the Central Command (CENTCOM) theater of operations, including Afghanistan,” the report explains. “As of January 18, 2013, CENTCOM had issued four notification letters identifying five companies and their associates as Section 841 designees.” No prime contracts have been canceled as a result of these designations, though several subcontracts have.
The process to void a contract under Section 841 is, as one might expect, highly bureaucratic. First an entity or person is targeted for potential contract voiding. Then an information package on the target is assembled and sent through a series of agencies and finally to CENTCOM. If CENTCOM concurs, the Section 841 designation is sent back down to the HCAs, who must determine if they have any contracts with the designee and then tell CENTCOM what actions they have taken on those contracts.
This process can take a considerable amount time; in the interim, of course, the target continues to receive U.S. money. SIGAR pointed to one instance in which eight subcontracts with a total value of about $12 million were voided as a result of a Section 841 designation, by which time the subcontractor had already received about $5 million.
At least the process worked, albeit slowly, in that instance. Because of poor communication and oversight, however, other contracts with Section 841 designees may remain in force, according to the report. In addition, because Section 841 applies only to contracts valued in excess of $100,000 while about 80 percent of contracts awarded in Afghanistan are for $100,000 or less, many contractors with ties to U.S. enemies may still be receiving cash from Washington.
The report also notes that while Section 841 applies to Pentagon contracts, “agencies other than DOD — most notably the Department of State and U.S. Agency for International Development [USAID] — are not subject to its provisions” and therefore have neither the obligation nor the authority to terminate contracts with potential enemies.
For that matter, even within the Defense Department there seems to be little concern that the United States may be bankrolling its own defeat. The Free Beacon reports that during their testimony before the House panel, “Sopko admitted that the U.S. Army denied SIGAR's requests to sever contracts with suspect individuals.”
“Every one of those proposals [to sever ties] was denied by the U.S. Army,” they said.
“It's probably easier to use a drone strike than to stop somebody [suspect] from contracting with the U.S. government,” Sopko added. “It's very concerning.”
U.S. aid is currently being shifted from contracting and other indirect assistance to direct aid to the Afghan government. Sopko warned:
None of us knows exactly what kind of impact the transition to increased direct assistance is going to have on the political, economic, and social development of Afghanistan. On the one hand, a greater proportion of the funds will be going toward Afghans, rather than foreign contractors or NGOs, and this may result in increased government capacity and more sustainable development. On the other hand, capacity challenges in the Afghan ministries coupled with the difficulties of providing assistance in a conflict zone riddled with corruption will also put direct assistance funds at risk of being wasted. Whatever type of aid the United States provides, U.S. government officials must address the systemic problems inherent in every aspect of the reconstruction effort.
A better — and certainly more constitutional — solution would be to simply stop pouring Americans' tax dollars down the Afghanistan drain. Those dollars that aren't being wasted are going into the pockets of those who would do harm to Americans stationed in Afghanistan and possibly even to those of us back home. It is long past time to bring the troops and the aid home and let the Afghans stand on their own two feet.
173 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Originally launched in November last year as a PSVR exclusive, Crytek's Robinson: The Journey (2016) made its way early this year to Oculus Rift via Oculus Home and also eventually Steam too. Critically missing however was official support for HTC Vive and any support for motion controllers.
Now, Crytek has finally launched an update on Steam which includes official support for HTC Vive, and full support for both Vive and Oculus Touch motion controllers. Oculus Home will also see an update including Touch support today.
Like Crytek's The Climb (2016), Robinson was initially built for gamepad-only input. Although Crytek eventually made a major update to The Climb which brought Touch support to the game, Robinson has sat on both Steam and the Oculus Store this part year with only gamepad support to its name.
A few months after launch of both titles however, Crytek unexpectedly shuttered all of their branches outside their Frankfurt and Kiev studios, which could point to why the company has been so sparse with critical updates to their VR games.
Following a young boy names Robinson and their chipper AI pal HIGS who've crash landed on a planet inhabited by dinosaurs, Robinson was initially lauded for its patently lush visuals and life-like dinos. Still priced at its original launch price tag of $40, the game currently holds a ‘Mixed' rating on Steam, and a [3.5/5] star rating on Oculus Home.
Say what you want about the power and influence of "Big Soda," the beverage industry's game plan to defeat soda-tax measures is remarkably consistent: identify low-income and minority groups, label the tax regressive and unfair, then watch it fail. It's worked for the industry already in forty cities and states across the country, and they hope it will work in Oakland and San Francisco this November.
Despite contributions of nearly $4 million in favor of Oakland and San Francisco's soda-tax measures —making Measure HH one of the Town's best-funded initiatives ever — tax proponents have been unable to match the spending power of multibillion-dollar soda corporations. The American Beverage Association has already thrown more than $13 million on ads to fight Measure HH and San Francisco's Proposition V this election season.
And "Big Soda" has actually employed a new strategy with its Bay Area campaigns: labeling the soda tax a "grocery tax."
The opposition claims that the measures will raise prices on items such as broccoli, milk, and even diapers. Anti-soda tax commercials feature Latino, Black, and Asian store owners stating that they'll have no choice but to increase prices across the board to compensate for lower margins on sugary beverages.
Oakland Councilwoman Annie Campbell Washington called this campaign "reprehensible." "Everything they're putting out is a lie," they told the Express. "They've gone to small business owners to tell them lies, and they're now using [community members'] faces to endorse their cause." They also explained that this deception was "compelling" to viewers, because it appears authentic.
Beverage company spokesperson Joe Arellano defended the ads, stating that they "reflect the community that would be most impacted by these types of highly regressive grocery taxes." They said that they've reserved more than $9 million in television advertising for the last leg of the campaign.
Council members in Oakland, led by Washington, have filed complaints with the Federal Communications Commission and the city's Public Ethics Commission concerning the language used in the anti-tax campaigns. The response? It is not illegal for the soda industry to lie.
So far, the American Beverage Association has released more than 28 television and online ads in the Bay Area featuring local grocers denouncing the tax.
"I think the money invested, in addition to the framing — which is specifically not mentioning sugary beverages — suggests that there's a lot of defense in their offense," said Wendi Gosliner, policy researcher at UC Berkeley's Nutrition Policy Institute, of the spots.
One commercial released at the start of the campaign features Kay Kay Amamgbo, owner of the African Caribbean Food Market in Oakland. The ad makes an effort to show Amamgbo handling as much fruit and vegetables as possible, but shies away from featuring the sugary beverages that the tax would actually impact.
Many point out that Amamgbo and other critics have a legitimate gripe about the tax's regressive nature; it will hit low-income consumers the hardest, as data shows that they are the foremost purchasers of sugary drinks. Consumers can expect to see a soda excise tax of one cent per ounce if the Oakland measure passes.
Pat Crawford, senior director of research at the Nutrition Policy Institute, said that justifying the soda tax to the low-income community in Berkeley was an essential part of getting it passed in 2014. NPI hosted multiple town halls when that tax was on the ballot. They invited professors, doctors, and health-care professionals to address the community's concerns. They explained that the debate raised awareness concerning the public-health hazards of sugary beverages, a critical factor in the 21 percent decrease in the consumption of sugary beverages in Berkeley.
"People think of soda as just another candy or food, and it isn't," Crawford said. "[The negative impact on public health] is just too costly ... for us to ignore."
President Trump says their supporters should have a rally of their own, predicting it would be “the biggest of them all” amid a series of protests against the president.
“Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!” Trump tweeted early Saturday.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017
It was not immediately apparent why Trump made the suggestion, but there has been a steady stream of rallies against them since their inauguration last month.
ADVERTISEMENT
The day after Trump's swearing in, the Women's March on Washington drew millions of protesters at events nationwide. A week later, huge numbers headed to airports across the country in an impromptu protest of Trump's travel ban, which was suspended by a judge.
Last week, thousands took to the streets to mark President's Day, dubbing it “Not My President's Day” in protest of Trump.
On Friday, several Hollywood stars headlined a protest of Trump in Beverly Hills ahead of Sunday's Academy Awards. The Oscars themselves are expected to feature some political commentary by presenters or award winners, as other awards shown have seen since Trump's election.
Trump's campaign was marked by huge rallies that often drew thousands of supporters to hear them speak.
Cape Breton anesthesiologist Dr. Craig Stone is warning Ottawa's proposed tax changes for small businesses will make it even more difficult to recruit and retain doctors, and could even send Canadian physicians to the U.S.
Stone is president of the Cape Breton Medical Association, which met late last week to discuss the implications of the proposed changes.
"This is going to cause significant hardship," said Stone. "Suddenly we're going to have the rug pulled out from under our feet. This is going to be catastrophic."
They said some local doctors are already talking about leaving Canada altogether.
Proposed changes
The planned reforms, introduced by the Trudeau government this summer, include eliminating income "sprinkling," which allows incorporated small businesses to get taxed at a lower rate by shifting income to family members who don't necessarily work for them.
Another reform would reduce the ability of private corporations to make passive investments in stocks and real estate.
A third reform would eliminate the ability to convert a corporation's earnings into capital gains, which are taxed at a lower rate.
Recruitment gains in jeopardy
Stone says about 70 per cent of doctors in Nova Scotia are incorporated and would see their invoices drastically reduced.
They point out that doctors, like many small business owners, have no company pensions, no employment insurance benefits and no life insurance. They say doctors use passive investment to set aside money for retirement and other contingencies.
Hundreds attended a rally in Sydney Mines last spring to raise concerns about doctor shortages. (Nic Meloney/CBC)
Last spring, Cape Breton doctors held rallies to call attention to the number of doctors who were leaving the island. The physicians said their colleagues were fed up with a lack of services and a lack of local leadership within the health authority.
The province has since announced it has recruited 16 new doctors.
Stone says the new tax regime will reverse those efforts and will make it all the more difficult to convince doctors to stay in Cape Breton, or anywhere in the country.
Stone says he's shocked the Nova Scotia government has not spoken out about the potential impact of the changes on recruitment in the health-care sector.
Province responds
A spokesperson for the Department of Finance and Treasury Board told CBC News in an email that the department is assessing the potential impact of the proposed changes.
"We will provide any input to the federal government within the consultation period, as the department has done previously when the federal government has proposed changes."
Ottawa is accepting comments on the proposed changes until Oct. 2.
David Cameron might not be remembered as the best prime minister in modern British history but they will probably be remembered as the luckiest. Jeremy Corbyn's election as leader of the Labour party is proving worse — or, for the Tories, better — than anyone could have imagined. Their wrecking ball is busy destroying everything that was built by Labour's modernisers. They do not lack authenticity, belief and passion — but their beliefs are ones which would be more at home in a 1920s plenary meeting of the Moscow Soviet than in contemporary British living rooms.
The Chancellor sees Corbyn's leadership as a chance to further blacken Labour's name. The Prime Minister, for their part, released a statement informing voters that Labour ‘is now a threat to our national security, our economic security and your family's security.'
But now is not the time to bash Labour. Now is the time to make a full, comprehensive and open offer to wavering Labour voters. If Marks & Spencer were to suffer a crisis, its rivals would try to steal its customers rather than releasing ads saying that M&S was always rubbish. If a newspaper folds, others lose no time in trying their hardest to pick up any stray readers. So where are the Tory efforts to appeal to the many Labour voters? Many on the left will be inclined to resign now, for the reasons that Nick Cohen outlines.
Midway through the election campaign, Lynton Crosby intervened to stop Tory candidates attacking Liberal Democrat MPs. It was time to make overtures to Lib Dem voters, they thought. Tory activists were told to forget how much they personally dislike Vince Cable and instead be nice about him, and explain why Conservatism is the better option. Their seat fell to the Tories, along with the seats of 26 other Lib Dem MPs. The love-bombing worked.
The same tactic can be applied now to Labour. Polls show that at least half of Labour voters hold views that appal Jeremy Corbyn: they support the welfare cap, which they want to abolish, they want to relax the top rate of tax. Two thirds of them are prepared to sing the national anthem, which Corbyn wasn't when they attended a Battle of Britain anniversary service. As a republican, they say they cannot sing ‘God Save the Queen' with good conscience. They may be applauded for this in Islington but not by wider Labour party members. Such incidents stick in the mind more than any policy: it is 34 years since Michael Foot wore what looked like a donkey jacket on Remembrance Sunday at the Cenotaph, and that is not forgotten.
So if Labour voters take a second look at the Tories, what should they see? This question ought to dominate the preparations for the Conservative party conference next month. The Prime Minister can talk about how inequality and child poverty have both fallen under their time in Downing Street. Rather than be a ‘poverty denier', as Corbyn absurdly claims, Cameron wants to improve the ways governments approach the issue.  They are pushing through reforms that will tackle drug dependence, personal debt, educational failure and the other curses which stymie life chances. The Conservatives are the only party keen to recognise — and confront — poverty in all its dimensions.
Theresa May, the Home Secretary, should discuss the progress they have made in combating modern slavery, and their attempts to prevent the police from unfairly stopping and searching ethnic minorities.
Nicky Morgan, the Education Secretary, should talk about their party's unrivalled faith in teachers: only the Tories trust them enough to let them set up their own schools, to free them from interference from local authority bureaucrats. They should make the point that the government has made plenty of progress in education. The results, in the free schools and academies, are nothing short of extraordinary.
Sajid Javid, the Business Secretary, should try to overcome their love of technical details and talk about the social dividends brought about by the jobs miracle. Cutting taxes for business is an end in itself, because money not confiscated by the government always helps society — through lower prices, higher wages or more jobs. Inflation is now at zero, employment stands at a record high and wages are growing at their fastest rate in six years. This, Javid should say, is the mission of today's pro-business Conservatives: not to enrich the already well-off but to enrich society.
The Tories don't need to move left or change their policies; they already have a stunning array of social achievements. They just need to learn to talk about these, and to express the essential optimism and faith in society that has always been the Conservative message.
Some time ago Sir Keith Joseph contrasted the ‘middle ground' of Westminster politics with the ‘common ground' that a political party shares with its voters. As Labour continues its self-immolation, the Tories must now fight for this common ground and seek to claim it for a generation.
Chicago police investigators make thousands of requests each year to workers at a nondescript brick building in Martinsburg, West Virginia — the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives' gun tracing center. By law, the ATF is the only agency in the country authorized to investigate who purchased a gun. But experts said that information isn't making a significant dent in Chicago's unsolved gun crimes. That's because the ATF can only tell police who first purchased a gun — not the owner when it was used in a crime. As part of WBEZ's look at Chicago's gun violence, reporter Natalie Moore went to the ATF's National Gun Tracing Center to see the process firsthand. They also asked Chicago's top cop how the tracing process could be more helpful to police as they work to figure out who picks up a gun and why.
How does the ATF trace a gun?
ATF officials said the agency receives about 400,000 trace requests per year, and Chicago police submitted about 5,800 requests in 2016. The gun center does not get the actual guns, and tracers don't search for fingerprints or do other forensic work. Instead, the tracers reach out to the manufacturer to try and find the retailer. From there, the gun tracers hope to get the name of the purchaser.
Courtesy of U.S. Government Accountability Office
ATF officials said about 65 to 70 percent of trace requests result in finding the last retail dealer or name of the purchaser. That information is kicked back to the requesting law enforcement agency. Then it would be up to a detective to find the shooter. The last dealer or purchaser is not necessarily the crime suspect, and there's no data to show how many trace requests lead to an arrest or a conviction.
How long does it take to trace a gun?
It can take up to a week for the ATF to complete a trace to find the original owner, in part because Congress has made it illegal to create a searchable database of gun owners. Much of the work they do involves sorting through stacks of papers. “It's not uncommon to get phone calls from police officers or investigators throughout the country that say, ‘Hey we recovered a gun, can you look it up for us and tell us who bought it?' It's not like that — at all,” said Neil Troppman, program manager at the ATF gun tracing center.
John Lorenz organizes gun receipts at the ATF National Tracing Center in Martinsburg, W. Va. (Raymond Thompson Jr. for WBEZ)
The gray-colored office space at the National Tracing Center is filled with mostly contract workers. The lack of computerization has lead to an indexing process that mirrors the Dewey Decimal System. “When the records do come in, again, we can't create an electronic database, so what we do is we index it,” Troppman said. If a gunmaker or dealer goes out of business they are required to send all of their records to the ATF. Sometimes those records are delivered on a hard drive — or in a garbage bag. Sometimes they are moldy from a flood or scorched from a fire.
Gun receipts damaged in fires or natural disasters are displayed in a special case at the ATF National Tracing Center. (Raymond Thompson Jr. for WBEZ)
Troppman said the National Tracing Center receives about 2 million records from out-of-business gun dealers each month. They are sorted, scanned and checked. Then destroyed. That's because no more than 10,000 boxes of those out-of-business records can fit in the gun center wing where that tracing is done or the floor will start to buckle. Added storage space is outside in shipping containers.
Neil Troppman, program manager for the ATF National Tracing Center, stands in front of boxes of gun reciepts. (Raymond Thompson Jr. for WBEZ)
SUNY-Cortland political scientist Robert Spitzer, author of The Politics of Gun Control, said this antiquated, almost-quaint paper sorting is not the ATF's choice. “The ATF has been subject to sustained political attacks in a way no other federal law enforcement agency has,” Spitzer said.
How does the ATF help Chicago police?
Last year, the Chicago Police Department recovered 6,664 illegal guns — an average of 18 guns per day, according to the University of Chicago Crime Lab, which studies gun violence in the city. Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said investigators request traces because detectives “want to know who was the person that first purchased [that] gun.” Because there is no national registry that links guns to gun owners, the best the ATF can do is find the gun's first retail purchaser. If that person has subsequently sold or transferred the gun, detectives could make phone calls and knock on doors until they track down the current owner — and, ultimately, the shooter. This process is slow and cumbersome. Johnson said what the police department really needs is a centralized system that documents how guns change hands. They said a faster, more integrated tracing system could help officers interrupt the city's gun trafficking and gun crimes.
Janet Sisk works on gun traces in the call center at the ATF National Tracing Center. (Raymond Thompson Jr. for WBEZ)
DETROIT - General Motors announced Thursday it will begin autonomous vehicle testing on public roads in southeast Michigan, and the fleet of test vehicles will be built in Michigan, too.
The announcement comes on the heels of the signing of the SAVE Act legislation to support autonomous vehicle testing and deployment in Michigan. GM will produce the next generation of its autonomous test vehicles at its Orion Township assembly plant beginning in early 2017.
"Revolutionizing transportation for our customers while improving safety on roads is the goal of our autonomous vehicle technology, and today's announcement gets us one step closer to making this vision a reality," said General Motors Chairman and CEO Mary Barra. "Our autonomous technology will be reliable and safe, as customers have come to expect from any of our vehicles."
The fully autonomous Chevy Bolt is what residents will see on the outskirts of Warren. The extreme winter weather is a blessing for engineers who want to make sure the vehicle meets safety and reliability standings on the illest of days.
Testing is already underway on GM's Technical Center campus in Warren, Michigan, and, with the passage of the SAVE Act legislation, will now expand to public roads on the facility's outskirts.
Within the next few months, testing will expand to Metro Detroit, which will become GM's main location for development of autonomous technology in winter climates.
Workers at the Orion Township assembly plant will build test fleet Bolt EVs equipped with fully autonomous technology. The plant currently manufactures the Chevrolet Bolt EV and Sonic. The new equipment will include LIDAR, cameras, sensors and other hardware designed to ensure system safety, leveraging GM's proven manufacturing quality standards.
The test fleet vehicles will be used by GM engineers for continued testing and validation of GM's autonomous technology already underway on public roads in San Francisco and Scottsdale, Arizona, as well as part of the Michigan testing fleet.
The engineers will initially ride shotgun on every test AV to intercede in an emergency, but eventually, the vehicle might be driverless.
Since the beginning of 2016, GM has taken significant steps in its development of autonomous vehicle technology.
In January, the company announced the formation of a dedicated autonomous vehicle engineering team and a $500 million investment in Lyft to develop an integrated network of on-demand autonomous vehicles in the U.S. In March, the company announced the acquisition of Cruise Automation to provide deep software talent and rapid development expertise to help speed development.
In June, GM began testing autonomous Chevrolet Bolt EVs on the public roads in San Francisco and Scottsdale. The company has more than 40 autonomous vehicles testing in the two cities.
Mary Barra comments on LinkedIn
Barra posted the following statement Thursday on LinkedIn:
"The auto industry is changing more today than it has in the past 50 years, and nothing says this more clearly than the growing push to develop and introduce autonomous vehicles (AVs).
At GM, we dramatically accelerated our own AV development efforts this past spring when we acquired Silicon Valley startup Cruise Automation.
We took another big leap today with two important announcements.
First, we will produce the next generation of our autonomous test vehicles at our Orion Assembly plant in Michigan beginning early next year. We expect to be the first high-volume auto manufacturer to build fully autonomous vehicles in a mass-production assembly plant.
We also announced that GM will immediately begin testing autonomous vehicles on public roads in Metro Detroit. This marks our third public testing location after San Francisco and Scottsdale, Arizona, where we've been road testing AVs since June.
By adding Michigan to our real-world testing program, we're ensuring that our AVs can operate safely across a wide range of road, weather and climate conditions, from desert heat to Great Lakes snow to crowded city streets. This is necessary to make certain our AVs meet the same strict standards for safety and quality that we've been building into traditional vehicles for generations.
And we're not just committed to building safe and reliable autonomous vehicles. We're also committed to the belief that AVs will provide huge benefits to our customers when it comes to safety, convenience and quality of life.
In 2015, traffic accidents cost more than 35,000 lives in the U.S., and it's estimated that 90 percent of these accidents were caused by driver error – errors that autonomous driving has the potential to eliminate.
At GM, we're advancing technologies that make our customers' lives safer, simpler and better. Today's announcements are important steps on this journey. Stay tuned for more in 2017."
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
The guide shook with anger. A tourist, ignoring the notices, had taken a flash photograph of an ancient wall painting in a 3rd-century tomb in Palmyra, Syria. For this, they were given a brief, fierce lecture on the importance and fragility of the work and on respect for it.
I wonder about and fear for the guide, as I do about other people I met in Syria, especially in those areas now controlled by Islamic State – a pair of hopeful teachers in Deir ez-Zor; a cafe owner near Raqqa who displayed large pictures of the Assad family. This was probably not due to any love for the president, but because they would have been given little choice in the matter. The guide will have lost their livelihood, but it is hard to imagine their horror now, as Isis threaten to capture their home town of Palmyra.
A camera flash, understandably upsetting to the guide, would be as nothing compared with the destruction that Isis would do there. As they have to Nimrud in Iraq, and to many of Mosul's monuments, they will try to obliterate it: smash its carvings, deface its paintings, topple its columns with bulldozers, atomise its masonry with explosives.
Palmyra is an ancient Roman site whose significance and value is exceeded by very few others: those in Rome itself, Pompeii, possibly Petra in Jordan. Its temples, colonnades and tombs, its theatre and streets are extensive, exquisite, distinctive, rich. The loss of Palmyra would be a cultural atrocity greater than the destruction of the Buddhas in Bamiyan. It is hard to think of deliberate vandalism to equal it, despite the grim examples offered by the last hundred years.
I first went to Palmyra and Syria as a student, in 1982, on an impulsive detour from a trip round Turkey. I was blissfully unaware of the fighting earlier that year between the current president's father and the Muslim Brotherhood that left many thousands dead, but which now looks like a minor squabble compared with the current civil war. Other tourists must have been better informed, as my travelling companion and I had the ruins to ourselves.
I toured the country again in 2009. By then, the place was more popular, with fat tourist buses winding up to its overlooking Mamluk castle, which, reports suggest, Isis forces have now reached, to catch the sunset view.
The country was astonishing, not just for the splendour and beauty of its treasures, but for the range and richness of cultures they represented – Roman and Byzantine cities, Arab souks and palaces, Ottoman hammam, Norman castles, synagogues, churches, mosques and shrines, Sunni and Shia. Also, Hittite and Assyrian remains, going back five millennia. One of the ghastly ironies of the current violence is that the places where civilisation started are now the world's most barbarous.
Although they were often built under the influence of foreign powers, these places were also Syrian and helped shape Syria's identity before the war. Palmyra exemplifies this: although described as Roman, most of what is there now was the creation of an essentially self-governing state that grew rich and powerful through its position on trade routes. Its temples served local gods and its Roman architectural style is combined with regional variations. Its inscriptions are in a dialect of Aramaic as well as Latin and Greek. It was made by Syrian people whose faces are, for now, vividly recorded in its paintings and carvings.
I remember vividly the wonderful city of Aleppo, sometimes described as the oldest continually inhabited city in the world, with its courtyarded houses and a sequence of contrasts that ran from its citadel through its souk to its mosque, which is 8th century in origin.
The citadel was like a fortification from legend, a huge walled rock reached up a steep bridge and through massive gates. The souk was a fabric of human activity, its spaces made by actions and produce (spices, soaps, meat, medicines, hardware) more than by stone, but in which churning of the here and now was relieved by shrines and other moments of calm, and by ornaments or domes that would connect the present with the past. The mosque's courtyard was the opposite of the souk – an orderly, ample rectangle of peace, paved in clean and shining stone, in which people would sit at perfect ease, as if it were their living room.
As the war has progressed, there has been a miserable drip of dreadful news about these places, caused not only by Isis but also by the violence of the government forces and other players. The Aleppo souk has been devastated, the mosque's minaret destroyed. The Seleucid city of Dura Europos, founded in 303 BC on a site overlooking the Euphrates, has been violently dug up in the search for antiquities that can be sold to help finance Isis. Palmyra itself had already been plundered and damaged before the latest threat emerged.
There have been more modest losses: Deir ez-Zor, which is not otherwise greatly blessed, had a nice footbridge over its river, which made for delightful evening strolls for its citizens. There will be other places of which I don't have news – a desert palace seen in a storm of red dust; a lonely and vulnerable monastery in a cleft in a cliff; a ruined city.
If Isis raze Palmyra, it would be a new demonstration of the evil and stupidity they have already abundantly displayed in their slaughters and enslavements, and in their videos of beheadings and burnings. It would also confirm Isis's littleness: how could anyone be so threatened by ancient ruins, unless they lacked belief in their ability to create something themselves? It would make manifest Isis's nihilism, their vision of the world as a desert populated only by themselves and their slaves. It is, of course, precisely the diversity of Syria's heritage that Isis hate.
It would kill a piece of the soul of Syria and of hope for its future when the war finally ends. It would also destroy something that belongs to the whole world. For this reason, surely, there is a case for the American-led coalition to defend it with air strikes, as they have defended threatened civilians in Syrian and Iraqi Kurdistan. It would mean a temporary alliance with the forces of the country's obnoxious government, who are defending Palmyra, but the protection of something this exceptional and precious overrides almost any other consideration.
The proposed new flag
Enlarge image
It's become the marketing executive's remedy for any organisation's ills. From BT to BP, the Labour Party to the Lottery, hardly a business or institution has escaped the rebranding bug.
Now moves are afoot to redesign that most sacred of British hallmarks - the union flag.
A campaign is being launched to modernise the red, white and blue flag by adding a touch of black to reflect multicultural Britain in the 21st Century.
The proposed new flag (see above) is the work of Nigel Turner, an enthusiastic fan of the UK's transformation into a multiracial society over the past 50 years.
If I flew the union jack from a flagpole in my garden, many people would see it as a racist statement
Nigel Turner
Mr Turner, who has called their campaign Reflag, believes their plan would reclaim the union jack from its negative associations, and silence that old skinhead chant: "There ain't no black in the union jack."
"If I flew the union jack from a flagpole in my garden, many people would see it as a racist statement," they say.
"I'm a glass half-full, rather than half-empty sort of person. It's time we made a positive statement about the progression of a multicultural and multiracial society."
400th anniversary
The union flag was first seen in 1606 and the version that we know today was drawn up by the College of Arms in 1801 to represent the Act of Union.
Black runner Denise Lewis proudly waves the union jack
"The proposed design does not mean throwing out all that has gone before, and it is clearly recognisable as the flag of the UK without saying something new."
But as makeovers go, even a designer as thick-skinned as Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen would think twice about treading into such perilous territory.
The so-called "union black" has already raised the ire of the Scottish. Tuesday's Scotsman newspaper said Mr Turner had "missed the point".
"The United Kingdom is not a firm which changes its corporate branding each time the management alters. The flag is an enduring symbol of unity which transcends politics and absorbs cultural change."
UNION FLAG - A BRIEF HISTORY Originally flown from masthead of ships Flags combines crosses of St Patrick, St George and St Andrew (there's no separate representation of Wales) No official directions exist for its use ashore Source: Mrflag.com
MSP Phil Gallie told the Scottish Parliament: "The suggestion that our flag should be redesigned is ridiculous tokenism and would do nothing to stamp out racism."
So what does Mr Turner need to do to make their flag official? The answer is not black and white, says flags expert Charles Ashburner.
"There are no laws governing the union flag. Primarily, it's the monarch's flag, but it has come to represent the UK through common usage.
"So to make it official, they just has to make people believe it's the official flag. It will never take the place of the union flag of course, but it could become a sort of quasi-official flag if enough people flew it."
I think this is a very good idea, and one that will propel the United Kingdom firmly into the 21st Century.
James, UK
What an absolutely insane idea... the union jack is the symbol of our nation, it has nothing to do with race and should not be connected to it.
Paul Howard, England
I think the "new-look" flag will stir up more racial tension in the UK. Being Asian myself, I think groups such as the BNP will use this to help their cause
Jhon, UK
I seem to recall a distinctive red, white and black banner used to represent a rather extremist group not so long ago - the Nazi Blutfahne! Let's not go down that road.
Paul, Great Britain
Wales is not represented as England and Wales were an entity at the time the flag was drawn up. Therefore this flag is trying to bring us up to date in one way but not another.
Dillon Jacobi, Wales
Mr Gallie's phrase "ridiculous tokenism" seems to sum up the situation perfectly. Not all ethnic minorities are black.
John Smeathers, UK
I was born and brought up in the UK, am 23 and of Indian decent. I am appalled at this proposal. We are multicultural, and what makes us so is the people, not the flag we fly. The union jack is part of our heritage, our past and it should be a part of our future.
Anita Patel, UK
This is more likely to polarise opinion. With far right parties gaining a foothold in local councils, why give them a way of distinguishing themselves by holding on to the old design if the new were adopted?
Nathan Surendran, UK
How much symbolism should one flag represent? The union flag represents a union of countries. It is arguably racially and religiously neutral. Let's keep it that way.
Peter, Wales, UK
The idea is fine in principle but the design is all wrong. As far as I can see the blue and red people of this country as still massively over represented. Perhaps we could use a system of proportional representation and update the flag at each census.
Martin Steven, UK
South Korean and US forces have launched large-scale joint naval drills in a show of force against what they call North Korea's provocations in the restive region.
The six-day maneuver, dubbed Invincible Spirit 2016, is held in the waters round the Korean Peninsula, announced South Korea's Defense Ministry on Monday.
South Korean Defense Ministry spokesperson Moon Sang-gyun said the maneuver “aims at showing the allied forces' strong commitment to countering a series of North Korean provocations such as a nuclear test and improve their maritime interoperability.”
The US has deployed nuclear-powered aircraft carrier “USS Ronald Reagan” along with seven warships, while South Korea has mobilized about 40 warships.
According to media reports, the drills could feature for the first time rehearsals of targeting North Korean leaders and atomic sites in the event of a nuclear strike by Pyongyang.
Such drills anger Pyongyang, which says the exercises are a rehearsal for a full-scale invasion of the North.
On September 26, Seoul and Washington carried out wargames in the Sea of Japan, less than a week after two US nuclear-capable bombers flew over the Korean Peninsula.
A US Navy crew member looks at an F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter landing onto the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan during joint naval drills between South Korea and the US in the West Sea, October 28, 2015. (Photo by AP)
Tensions between two Koreas have been simmering in the past year since Pyongyang conducted a new series of missile and nuclear tests. The North has been under strict UN sanctions for such tests since 2006.
Pyongyang has pledged to develop a nuclear arsenal to protect itself from the US military, which occasionally deploys nuclear-powered warships and aircraft capable of carrying atomic weapons in the Asia-Pacific region.
Last month, North Korea conducted its fifth and biggest ever nuclear test, saying it was meant to counter US hostility.
In January, Pyongyang said it had successfully detonated a hydrogen bomb and vowed to build up its nuclear program as deterrence against potential aggression from the US and its regional allies.
A month later, Pyongyang launched a long-range rocket, which it said placed an earth observation satellite into orbit. Washington and Seoul denounced it as a cover for an intercontinental ballistic missile test.
North Korea says it will not give up on its nuclear deterrence unless Washington ends its hostile policy toward Pyongyang and dissolves the US-led command in South Korea. Thousands of US soldiers are stationed in South Korea and Japan.
Table of contents
Introduction
This is a list of SQL queries for Oracle Data Dictionary handy for any Oracle DBA.
Excluding Standard Oracle Schemas
Prior Oracle 12c
We excluded common Oracle schemas for you to be able to see user objects only, but we don't guarantee those are all schemas you should exclude.
where tab.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC')
Oracle 12c and newer
Version 12c introduced new useful field: oracle_maintained, which specifies whether the user was created, and is maintained, by Oracle-supplied scripts. You can replace where clause above with this line:
where tab.owner in (select username from all_users where oracle_maintained = 'N')
Including Selected Schema Only
If you want to list objects for specific schema only, uncomment this line and provide your schema name.
--- and tab.owner = 'HR'
ALL_ vs DBA_ views
Oracle has 3 sets of views, varying with prefix and their application:
USER_ - include objects owned by the current user only, not suitable in this case
ALL_ - include objects all objects (from all schemas) accessible to the current user
DBA_ - includes all objects, but requires DBA role
We chose to use ALL_ views so not only DBAs can use those scripts. If you are a DBA you will view all objects anyway.
If you have DBA role in a database you may replace all_ view prefixes with DBA_.
1. Tables with number of rows and comments
This query returns a list of tables in schemas sorted by name, with comments and number of rows in each table.
Query
select tab.owner as schema_name, tab.table_name as table_name, obj.created, obj.last_ddl_time as last_modified, tab.num_rows, tab.last_analyzed, comm.comments from all_tables tab inner join all_objects obj on obj.owner = tab.owner and obj.object_name = tab.table_name left outer join all_tab_comments comm on tab.table_name = comm.table_name and tab.owner = comm.owner where tab.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') -- and tab.owner = 'HR' order by tab.owner, tab.table_name;
Rows
One row represents one table. All tables will be included.
Columns
Column Meaning SCHEMA_NAME Schema name TABLE_NAME Table name CREATED Table creation date and time LAST_MODIFIED Table last modification date and time NUM_ROWS Number of rows in the table LAST_ANALYZED Table data last analyzed date and time COMMENTS Table comments
Sample results
2. Views with definition and comments
This query returns a list of database views with their definition SQL and a comment.
Query
select obj.owner as schema_name, obj.object_name as view_name, obj.created, obj.last_ddl_time as last_modified, def.text as definition, comm.comments from all_objects obj left outer join all_views def on obj.owner = def.owner and obj.object_name = def.view_name left outer join all_tab_comments comm on obj.object_name = comm.table_name and obj.owner = comm.owner where obj.object_type = 'VIEW' and obj.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') --and obj.owner = 'HR' order by obj.owner, obj.object_name;
Rows
One row represents one view.
Columns
Column Meaning SCHEMA_NAME Schema name VIEW_NAME View name CREATED View creation date and time LAST_MODIFIED View last modification date and time DEFINITION View definition (SQL query) COMMENTS View comments
Sample results
3. Table columns details
This query returns a list of tables and their columns with details.
Query
select col.owner as schema_name, col.table_name, col.column_name, col.data_type, decode(char_length, 0, data_type, data_type || '(' || char_length || ')') as data_type_ext, col.data_length, col.data_precision, col.data_scale, col.nullable, col.data_default as default_value, nvl(pk.primary_key, ' ') as primary_key, nvl(fk.foreign_key, ' ') as foreign_key, nvl(uk.unique_key, ' ') as unique_key, nvl(check_const.check_constraint, ' ') check_constraint, comm.comments from all_tables tab inner join all_tab_columns col on col.owner = tab.owner and col.table_name = tab.table_name left join all_col_comments comm on col.owner = comm.owner and col.table_name = comm.table_name and col.column_name = comm.column_name left join (select constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name, 'PK' primary_key from all_constraints constr inner join all_cons_columns col_const on constr.constraint_name = col_const.constraint_name and col_const.owner = constr.owner where constr.constraint_type = 'P') pk on col.table_name = pk.table_name and col.column_name = pk.column_name and col.owner = pk.owner left join (select constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name, 'FK' foreign_key from all_constraints constr inner join all_cons_columns col_const on constr.constraint_name = col_const.constraint_name and col_const.owner = constr.owner where constr.constraint_type = 'R' group by constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name) fk on col.table_name = fk.table_name and col.column_name = fk.column_name and col.owner = fk.owner left join (select constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name, 'UK' unique_key from all_constraints constr inner join all_cons_columns col_const on constr.constraint_name = col_const.constraint_name and constr.owner = col_const.owner where constr.constraint_type = 'U' union select ind.owner, col_ind.table_name, col_ind.column_name, 'UK' unique_key from all_indexes ind inner join all_ind_columns col_ind on ind.index_name = col_ind.index_name where ind.uniqueness = 'UNIQUE') uk on col.table_name = uk.table_name and col.column_name = uk.column_name and col.owner = uk.owner left join (select constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name, 'Check' check_constraint from all_constraints constr inner join all_cons_columns col_const on constr.constraint_name = col_const.constraint_name and col_const.owner = constr.owner where constr.constraint_type = 'C' group by constr.owner, col_const.table_name, col_const.column_name) check_const on col.table_name = check_const.table_name and col.column_name = check_const.column_name and col.owner = check_const.owner where col.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') -- and col.owner = 'HR' -- and lower(tab.table_name) like '%' order by col.owner, col.table_name, col.column_name;
Rows
One row represents one table column.
Columns
Column Meaning SCHEMA_NAME Schema name TABLE_NAME Table name COLUMN_NAME Column name DATA_TYPE Data type. For instance, VARCHAR or NUMBER DATA_TYPE_EXT Data type with string length. For instance, VARCHAR(100) or NUMBER DATA_LENGTH Length of the column in bytes. DATA_PRECISION Decimal precision for NUMBER datatype, binary precision for FLOAT datatype, null for all other datatypes DATA_SCALE Digits to right of decimal point in a number. NULLABLE Nullable flag. "Y" if column is nullable, "N" if column is not nullable. DEFAULT_VALUE Column default value PRIMARY_KEY Primary key flag. "PK" when column is part of table primary key. FOREIGN_KEY Foreign key flag. "FK" when column is part of foreign key. UNIQUE_KEY Unique key flag. "UK" when column is part of unique key. CHECK_CONSTRAINT Check constraint flag. "Check" when column is part of check constraint. COMMENTS Column comments
Sample results
4. Foreign keys
This query returns a list of tables and their constraints.
Query
select foreign_table.owner as table_schema_name, foreign_table.table_name, foreign_table.column_name, constr.constraint_name, primary_table.owner as primary_table_schema_name, primary_table.table_name as primary_table_name, primary_table.column_name as primary_table_column, foreign_table.table_name || '.' || foreign_table.column_name || ' = ' || primary_table.table_name || '.' || primary_table.column_name as join_condition from all_constraints constr inner join all_cons_columns foreign_table on foreign_table.owner = constr.owner and foreign_table.constraint_name = constr.constraint_name inner join all_cons_columns primary_table on primary_table.constraint_name = constr.r_constraint_name and primary_table.owner = constr.r_owner and primary_table.position = foreign_table.position where constr.r_owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') -- and constr.r_owner = 'HR' and lower(foreign_table.table_name) like '%' order by foreign_table.table_name, foreign_table.column_name;
Rows
One row represents one pair of columns in foreign key.
Columns
Column Meaning TABLE_SCHEMA_NAME Foreign table schema name TABLE_NAME Foreign table name COLUMN_NAME Foreign table column name CONSTRAINT_NAME Constraint name PRIMARY_TABLE_SCHEMA_NAME Primary table schema name PRIMARY_TABLE_NAME Primary table name PRIMARY_TABLE_COLUMN Primary table column name JOIN_CONDITION Join condition containing foreign and primary key tables and columns.
Sample results
5. Views columns
This query returns a list of views with their columns.
Query
select col.table_name as view_name, col.column_name, col.data_type, decode(char_length, 0, data_type, data_type || '(' || char_length || ')') as data_type_ext, col.data_length, col.data_precision, col.data_scale, col.nullable, nvl(comm.comments,' ') as comments from all_views v inner join all_tab_columns col on v.view_name = col.table_name inner join all_col_comments comm on col.table_name = comm.table_name and col.owner = comm.owner and col.column_name = comm.column_name where col.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') -- and col.owner = 'HR' order by col.table_name, col.column_name;
Rows
One row represents one view column.
Columns
Column Meaning VIEW_NAME View name COLUMN_NAME View column name DATA_TYPE Data type. For instance, VARCHAR or NUMBER DATA_TYPE_EXT Data type with string length. For instance, VARCHAR(100) or NUMBER DATA_LENGTH Length of the column in bytes. DATA_PRECISION Decimal precision for NUMBER datatype, binary precision for FLOAT datatype, null for all other datatypes DATA_SCALE Digits to right of decimal point in a number. NULLABLE Nullable flag. "Y" if column is nullable, "N" if column is not nullable. COMMENTS Column comments
Sample results
6. Tables by number of columns
This query returns a list of tables sorted by the number of columns they contain.
Query
select col.owner as schema_name, col.table_name, count(*) columns from all_tab_columns col inner join all_tables tab on col.owner = tab.owner and col.table_name = tab.table_name where col.owner not in ('ANONYMOUS','CTXSYS','DBSNMP','EXFSYS', 'LBACSYS', 'MDSYS','MGMT_VIEW','OLAPSYS','OWBSYS','ORDPLUGINS', 'ORDSYS','OUTLN', 'SI_INFORMTN_SCHEMA','SYS','SYSMAN','SYSTEM', 'TSMSYS','WK_TEST','WKSYS', 'WKPROXY','WMSYS','XDB','APEX_040000', 'APEX_PUBLIC_USER','DIP', 'FLOWS_30000','FLOWS_FILES','MDDATA', 'ORACLE_OCM','SPATIAL_CSW_ADMIN_USR', 'SPATIAL_WFS_ADMIN_USR', 'XS$NULL','PUBLIC') -- and col.owner = 'HR' group by col.owner, col.table_name order by count(*) desc;
Rows
One row represents one table.
Columns
Column Meaning SCHEMA_NAME Schema name TABLE_NAME Table name COLUMNS Number of columns table contains
Sample results
Learn more
or
Start creating Data Dictionaries for your Oracle databases
"This Week in Data" is a weekly infographic that aims to serve as a quick and easy way for our readers to catch up on the latest news about the people and organizations that are shaking up the world of big data, cloud computing, and all things data storage.
This week the LogJam vulnerability is compromising connections between users and servers while vulnerabilities in UC Browser are allowing spy agencies to collect personal information. Additionally, a recent study shows that half of all retail and health care websites were vulnerable in 2014.
Want to get the rest of the story? Check below for the headlines in our weekly infographic, and you can find the links for each story further down on the page.
LogJam Vulnerability
UC Browser Vulnerabilities
ObserveIT Launches CloudThreat for AWS
SingleHop Acquires Datagram
NetUSB Driver Exposes Millions
Website Vulnerabilities
Goalkeepers all across MLS made crucial and spectacular saves in Week 9. Now it is up to you to decide whose was the best.
Two goalkeepers saved penalty kicks, one in a losing effort – when Philadelphia's Zac MacMath's made a fingertip stop on Seattle's Osvaldo Alonso – and the other as part of a shutout win, when Luis Robles of New York deflected the spot kick by Blas Pérez of Dallas over the crossbar. MacMath and Robles were hardly alone in making outstanding plays, however.
The Chicago Fire's Sean Johnson went a long way to deny Real Salt Lake's Joao Plata early in their match (Plata would have the last laugh), while Bobby Shuttleworth for New England and Eric Kronberg for Kansas City both adjusted quickly to make reaction saves from less than 10 yards away.
Who gets your vote? Cast your vote in the poll at right. Voting runs until 11:59 pm PT on Thursday.
Check out complete Save of the Week coverage – including a full archive of 2013 winners.
I didn't plan to spend a wonderful day in Bruges, Belgium; but then again some of the most wonderful things in life aren't planned! A long night in Brussels followed by a missed plane to Zermatt equaled one extra day in Belgium and four bummed travelers. We quickly looked for things to do in Belgium, and amazing day trips that would take the sting out of missing out on seeing the Matterhorn (we're still a little mad).
We quickly began reading recommendation after recommendation to visit Bruges – Brussels' hidden gem, and we were quick to learn why. A day trip from Brussels to Bruges is affordable, fun, and totally worth it! You can also quickly get to Bruges by train from Ghent, Belgium or Amsterdam, Netherlands. Bruges or Brugge in Dutch is an unreal “fairytale” like city. The cobblestone streets lead to medieval brick buildings. The canals that flow through the city are occupied by beautiful swans, Greylag geese, and ducks as well as adorable love tour boats. I fell in love with my cold and unplanned day in Bruges. Here is my itinerary for one day in Bruges.
Quick Guide:
Bruges: Small, medieval town in northern Belgium
Currency: Euro
Languages: Dutch, French, English
Climate: Cold and rainy, even in the summer it barely passes 70 degrees Fahrenheit. I was there in May and we were FREEZING. Pack warm clothes!
Get around: Walking, cycling, or boat tours
Famous for: Picture-perfect landscape, canals, “In Bruges” movie
Things to do: Chocolate shop, Marketplace, 2be Beer Wall, Canal tour, Belfry Tower, Basilica of the Holy Blood
Bruges was a quick 1 hour and 20-minute train ride from Brussels. The train ticket from Brussels to Bruges was an extremely fair price of 15 Euro. We visited in May, and the weather was still extremely chilly, so be sure to bundle up. Once arriving at the train station in Bruges, the town center is a short 10 minute walk, and along the way you will pass lovely tulips, parks, and rivers.
Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday mornings are market days where you can find vendors lined up along the canals selling foods, flowers, fish, and miscellaneous goods. Simply walking around the town is jaw-dropping because of its storybook picturesque views.
After strolling the city we decided to climb the famous Belfry of Bruges to get a spectacular view of the city (and because my boyfriend was inspired by the film “In Bruges”.) The Belfry of Bruges is a medieval Bell Tower in the center of the city. It is truly gorgeous, and one of Bruges' most famous landmarks. Fair warning: it's a long and tiring climb up, but it is so worth it. The roaring bells still ring every hour, and can be heard throughout the square.
Another beautiful and historic stop in Bruges is the Basilica of the Holy Blood. This chapel has free entrance and contains a vial of blood that is said to be of Jesus Christ. The church is made in a beautiful gothic style, with an elegant Romanesque basement.
With our legs tired from all the walking and climbing, my boyfriend and I decided we wanted to do a boat tour of the city, and we are so glad we did! For only 10 Euro we were hoping to get a relaxing tour of the canals, but it was so much more than we expected. We learned a ton about the history of Bruges, and were able to see old churches and landmarks that were unable to be found by walking! We gently drove under a bridge and were greeted by a flock of swans! It was so cozy and romantic.
Next, we decided to head to 2be bar to taste some local Belgian craft beer. This bar was amazing! They have a literal beer wall that holds a variety of over 100 beers. They have river side seating with great views, and the craft beers were delicious. We shared a flight of beers to taste a variety, and each beer came in a funky and unique glass.
After a few trappist style beers,our instincts led us to the many chocolatiers that line the streets of bruges. Chocolate lovers rejoice: some of the best chocolate in the world can be found here I'm sure you have heard of famous Belgium chocolate, and if not, walking around Bruges and passing a multitude of chocolate shops might have tipped you off that they have some pretty darn good chocolate. If you are a chocoholic like me, you will be in heaven! Belgium and Bruges are famous for their rich, creamy chocolates and crispy pralines (wow I'm craving some as I write this). Swing by Dumon for a wide variety of artisan chocolates, or stop by any shop along the streets… they are all delicious!
We were exhausted from a long day, so our final stop was a restaurant in the Bruges Town Square or the “Marketplace”. The sun was starting to set and it was freezing, so we sat outside under the street lamps to people watch. The restaurants in the Marketplace are touristy and a little pricey, but the food is delicious and the view unbeatable! Try the famous dish Moules Frites (Mussels and French Fries) with a tall Belgian beer on the side! This was the perfect way to end our beautiful day in Bruges.
So, a day that started off as a disappointment turned into a whirlwind day trip to Bruges, and I am so happy it did! Who knows if I would have ever found my way to Bruges on my own, but now I can't imagine not experiencing this fairytale land. I would love to stay over night next time, and have some leisure time to stroll around the town and see what I find!
CLOSE Dogpatch Urban Gardens sits in the middle of Des Moines and has turned an acre of land to a garden and farm stand selling other local producers goods. Farmer Jenny Quiner says they hope others will start growing their own food as well. Brian Powers/The Register
More and more growers in Iowa are shifting to organic corn, soybeans and other crops to improve their bottom line. (Photo: Lauren Mills/IowaWatch)
Weeds might be the toughest challenge Dustin Farnsworth faces, shifting from growing conventional corn and soybeans to organic row crops.
The Adair farmer battled buttonweed and other unwelcome intruders in their soybeans the first year they moved away from synthetic chemicals.
He's also fielded some unwanted comments. "My neighbors said, 'Farnsworth, it's a weedy mess. It looks like hell," they said.
The criticism will be worthwhile, though, when the beginning farmer can get double or triple conventional prices for their crops.
Although still a small piece of Iowa farming, more and more growers are shifting to organic corn, soybeans and other crops to improve their bottom line.
More: Even with world's largest cereal plant, Iowa farmers lack markets for oats
The number of Iowa farms and acres certified as organic have each climbed about 5 percent last year over 2015, U.S. Department of Agriculture surveys show.
Iowa had 732 organic farms with 103,136 acres in 2016. Sales climbed 9 percent to $131.2 million.
The state ranks fifth nationally for its number of organic farms, although it's less than 1 percent of Iowa's 88,000 farms.
California leads the nation with 2,713 organic farms, pulling in nearly $2.9 billion.
Total U.S. sales for organic grain, meat, eggs, milk, fruits and vegetables reached nearly $7.6 billion last year, the USDA data show.
Altogether, the organics industry is closing in on $50 billion annually.
Kathleen Delate, an Iowa State University horticulture professor, said farmers are attracted to organic crops for many reasons, but a leading one is financial.
"Organic corn is $8.70 and organic soybeans are $19," they said. "That's definitely an enticement in an era of low commodity prices."
Conventional corn is selling around $3 a bushel in Iowa, and soybeans are about $9. Both are below the cost to produce the crops, based on statewide averages.
Many Iowa farmers face a fourth year of possible losses.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Iowa Business Update newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the latest scoop on Iowa economic trends, development news, agriculture and retail delivered to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Iowa Business Update Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Looking at recent prices, farmers converting their whole operation to organic over five years would average $206 per acre, said Craig Chase, an ISU Extension local foods specialist.
Conventional farmers would have lost an average of $33 an acre over that time, based on Chase's models.
Even though organic yields are lower, prices are higher and production costs are slimmer.
"If conventional prices stay where they are at, it will be difficult to show any profit if the farmer is paying them or herself" for equipment, land and labor costs, Chase said.
"The organic system, if well-managed, could show a significantly higher profit per acre," they said. "The key to organic profitability is the ability to manage the various risks."
The premium that comes with organic corn and soybeans is the primary reason Farnsworth decided to transition a third of their farm to organic.
"I consider myself a small farmer," Farnsworth said. "Without going out and trying to take land from neighbors, which never pays very well, the best thing to stay fully employed as a farmer is to go organic."
It also fits their personal interest in using fewer chemicals, and relying less on genetics for a good crop.
They shifted to crops that were not genetically modified before moving to organic. "I like the self reliance that organic system gives me," said Farnsworth, who farms with their wife, Jennifer.
Transitioning from conventional crops to organic takes three years, although the third year can net an organic crop, depending on the last application of prohibited synthetic chemicals.
Some natural substances can be used as herbicides, insecticides and fungicides in organic farming, Delate said. "It's a misnomer to say we don't use any pesticides," they said.
"If it's found in nature, it probably can be used in organic farming ... as long as it doesn't cause harm to people and animals," they said.
Growers often move to organic crops because of health concerns for themselves or others, Delate said. Many want to get away from synthetic chemicals.
"Once farmers transition, they see the environmental benefits, too," they said.
Even though organic farmers use more tillage to control weeds, which can cause erosion and deplete fertility, Delate said organic farming practices that include using cover crops, manure, compost and a broader crop rotation builds organic matter, based on ISU's research.
The trick — sometimes an art, Delate said — is to catch weeds before they can overwhelm a field and a farmer.
"Timeliness is critical" between the weather and fast-growing weeds, they said. "Sometimes you only have a four-hour window to rotary hoe," or till a field.
"You have to always be watching. ... If you see weeds, it's already to late," said Farnsworth, who added he's "learning volumes about what's the wrong thing to do."
Delate said it's hard for farmers to live with weeds in their fields — "a single weed can signal that you're a bad farmer."
Over time, organic farmers get more adept at weed control. In fact, Delate some experienced organic farmers' fields are as clean as neighboring conventional crops.
George Naylor, who has grown conventional crops for about 40 years, is bringing their first organic soybeans off about 80 acres.
Given the weeds, he's happy with the yields.
"The risks you're taking are much greater," said Naylor, who farms with their wife, Patti. "Figuring out how to deal with that can be stressful."
The Churdan farmer hasn't sold their organic soybeans yet. They could get up to $20 a bushel, if the crop qualifies for food production.
"I'll believe it when I see it — after they cut a check," they said.
Organic conference
The 17th annual Iowa Organic Conference, a joint effort between Iowa State University and the University of Iowa Office of Sustainability, will be held Nov. 19-20 on the UI campus in Iowa City. Producers and experts from across the country will share tips for transitioning into organic production and methods to enhance organic operations. A keynote speaker: Jeff Moyer, executive director of the Rodale Institute,
Iowa organics
5th — National ranking for number of organic farms
103,136 — Acres certified organic
$131.2 million — Total sales in 2016
$32.5 million — Eggs were the state's highest-selling commodity
16% — Iowa led national organic corn production. Sales hit $27.1 million
19% — Iowa led U.S. production of soybean production. Sales were $15 million.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2hAOzi2
The map Arnold finds in their parents' journal at the end of "The Journal"
To provide some background, The Jungle Movie was meant to be the only theatrical film for Hey Arnold! where Arnold and their friends would go on a journey to San Lorenzo to find their missing parents. However Nickelodeon opted to take the made-for-TV special, "Arnold Saves the Neighborhood", and convert it into the theatrical film, Hey Arnold! The Movie, instead which was released in 2002 and did not do well at the box office. Even though it had a poor performance, Nickelodeon continued to express interest in The Jungle Movie and encouraged Bartlett to produce a special one hour episode that would link into this second film. This special ended up being the episode, "The Journal", where Arnold finds their parents' journal detailing their adventures and lives up to the point where they mysteriously disappeared. At the end of the episode, Arnold discovers a map in the journal and excitedly runs into the apartment building to show their grandparents believing that this is the key to find their missing parents. Alas The Jungle Movie and Hey Arnold! were both subsequently cancelled by Nickelodeon in 2004 with many accepting "The Journal" as the canonical series finale. Even though the film was cancelled, Bartlett kept many details about the film secret in the event that they got the opportunity to make it.
Official Nickelodeon comment on their page referencing The Jungle Movie. That opportunity may have come based on recent rumblings and signs evident to sharp eyed fans. One of these was a recent comment made by Nickelodeon on their official Facebook page in response to fans asking them to bring back older shows. On a video Nickelodeon posted on their page titled "Mikey Moments: Turtles in Time", Nickelodeon wrote the following response to fans requesting older shows to be revived: "How about a Jungle Movie? ;)". You can see the original posting Hey Arnold! fans as the comment came from the official Nickelodeon account and directly referenced The Jungle Movie. That opportunity may have come based on recent rumblings and signs evident to sharp eyed fans. One of these was a recent comment made by Nickelodeon on their official Facebook page in response to fans asking them to bring back older shows. On a video Nickelodeon posted on their page titled "Mikey Moments: Turtles in Time", Nickelodeon wrote the following response to fans requesting older shows to be revived: "How about a Jungle Movie? ;)". You can see the original posting here with your own eyes. This simple statement caused a flurry of activity amongst long-timefans as the comment came from the official Nickelodeon account and directly referenced
The Jungle Movie storyboards have been
removed from Raymie Muzquiz's website.
The Jungle Movie may actually be happening can be seen on Raymie Muzquiz's website. Muzquiz, an animation director, had posted storyboards from The Jungle Movie on their website as part of their portfolio. However one quick visit to their website now shows that they have taken the storyboards down as when one clicks to view it, they are taken to The Jungle Movie being in development. Why else would production images such as storyboards be removed from the internet? Another indicator thatmay actually be happening can be seen on's website. Muzquiz, an animation director, had posted storyboards fromon their website as part of their portfolio. However one quick visit to their website now shows that they have taken the storyboards down as when one clicks to view it, they are taken to a page that displays "Removed for Mysterious Reason!". This is an exciting development as it certainly points tobeing in development. Why else would production images such as storyboards be removed from the internet?
If you follow my posts on GP, you know that I've been writing a lot about GMOs and genetic engineering. I was planning to lay off the subject for a bit, maybe write about advances in prenatal diagnostics or the wonders of sleep training and okay-to-wake clocks, but I'm compelled to write another on GMOs. Why? Monsanto. More specifically, March Against Monsanto. I don't often get into debates on social media, mainly because it's usually a futile endeavor. Still, every now and then I succumb to a moment of weakness.
This time I've been following recent news on the Séralini paper republication. If you're not familiar with it, this 2012 paper was formally retracted from Food and Chemical Toxicology after the conclusions were found to be unreliable. You'd likely recognize the well-known image of deformed white lab rats; the paper claimed a causal link between GM maize and glyphosate (AKA Roundup) added to drinking water, and development of tumors in rats. The paper was published again last week in a lesser-known journal. Importantly, the paper was republished not because reviewers agreed with the conclusions, but to allow the data to be accessible in the long term. In fact, it was not even peer-reviewed prior to republication.
Lo and behold, anti-biotech types were using the hashtag #ScienceSpeaksForItself to tout and promote the republication as presumed evidence of danger, and to support their cause. This entirely ignored that the change of journals doesn't change that there is no causal link between genetically modified food and cancer/disease. Long story short, I ended up in a dispute with none other than March Against Monsanto. And yes, I verified that this is THE March Against Monsanto Twitter feed, linked from their Facebook page.
Now I don't say this to be snarky: the majority of people using such hashtags don't understand biology even at a fundamental level. You don't get to use the all-mighty “science” as a champion of your movement unless you comprehend it at least basically. As I always say, if you don't understand transcription, translation, and protein synthesis and function at a high level at minimum, you don't have sufficient background to justify an inherently anti-GM stance. See my previous post for a quick and basic molecular biology primer.
So back to my tiff with MAM. Here is the Wikipedia page if you haven't followed the movement. Not only does this movement oppose Monsanto and corporate interests, but GM technology in general. One of their more ubiquitous march slogans is “Hell No GMO.” Catchy, huh? One of my main gripes is that the movement perpetuates this erroneous notion that GMO/Evil Big Science is synonymous with Monsanto. March Against Dow wouldn't sound as catchy would it? But I digress. Anyway, I won't get into the details of the entire Twitter exchange (link), but here are a few of the more interesting tweets:
Exhibit 1 – outlined in green: “tech humans can't understand.” This is pure fear-based drivel. Just because Marchers Against Monsanto don't understand the tech does not mean humanity is drawing its fate from a hat nor is it playing genetic roulette. Genetic engineering of food is not achieved blindly. In addition, GMO crops' traits are precisely selected, as opposed to the methodologies of conventional breeding. I've said before and will say again – Pro-GM folks have been repeating ad nauseam, “we've been modifying crops/organisms for millennia,” a process known as artificial selection. Moreover, basic biology deems that organisms have been modifying themselves since the dawn of life, altering their own genes to express favorable traits (natural selection.) Sound familiar? Yep. GM technology is also applied to alter genes to express favorable traits, albeit in a more targeted manner than artificial or natural selection. GMOs are among the most stringently-tested crops in existence. This is a far cry from losing control.
Exhibit 2 – outlined in pink: The all too pervasive “follow the money” worldview that scientific consensus can't be valid because it must be funded by corporate interests. I've addressed this in previous posts so I won't get into the nitty gritty. That said, here is an excellent post about scientific consensus, and how it applies to GMOs. There is no doubt of scientific consensus on safety of these crops based on the very definition of the term. You don't get to invalidate science or justify an inherently anti-GM stance without understanding or accepting what the term consensus means. To do so is not tenacious or strong, rather it is pigheaded, foolish, and immature.
The tweet above pretty much speaks for itself. Need I define “science?” I hate to stereotype people involved in the MAM movement, but come on.
Moving on to the crowning moment in the conversation, voila:
It struck me to ask about MAM's position on vaccines because of the comment about scientific consensus. People who don't “believe” in scientific consensus often don't “believe” in the efficacy and safety of vaccines. The first response seemed like a canned answer. I didn't press further yet @MarchAgainstM blurted out this unbelievable comment. I kid you not, I didn't use the word “crazy” “retard” “box” or “anti-science” anywhere. My fingers wouldn't have even considered typing those sequences of letters. I was flabbergasted. Firstly the sheer offensive and hateful nature of using both the words “crazy” and “retard” in any derogatory context is totally unexpected and unacceptable from a social media account representing a self-proclaimed million of people. Second, while the first response showed a refusal to take a position, the second response showed an obvious yet implied support of anti-vaccination beliefs.
I hate to generalize, to homogenize what I hope is a mixed bag of individuals. Still, the reason I wrote this post is that movements like March Against Monsanto are representative of a greater societal ill: fear of the unknown, scientific illiteracy, indiscriminate distrust of government and corporate interests, all fueling the vicious and circular mob with pitchforks mentality I've so often condemned. I certainly hope that not all Marchers Against Monsanto disbelieve in scientific consensus, hold a blind “follow the money” paranoia, or are scientifically oblivious. I implore anyone who has Marched Against Monsanto or plans to do so to ask, what am I really marching for?
Featured image courtesy of Wikipedia.
Morgan Lowrie, The Canadian Press
MONTREAL -- Uniformed Canadian military personnel who march in Montreal's Pride parade for the first time later this month will do so with the blessing of Canada's top soldier, according to a recent directive from the Department of National Defence.
"In an effort to promote diversity and inclusion, the (Chief of the Defence Staff) encourages all members of the CAF to attend and participate in Pride events in uniform," said the directive, which was written in June by Gen. Jonathan Vance.
Lt.-Col. Sarah Heer, the Canadian Forces director for diversity and human rights, says the directive means soldiers no longer have to ask for permission to wear their uniforms at Pride events.
"This (directive) authorizes all members of the Canadian Armed Forces, both regular and reserve force, who want to attend and participate in Pride events to be authorized to do so in uniform," they said in a phone interview Wednesday.
The order specifies the uniform can't be altered in any way.
The vice-president of Montreal Pride welcomed the news and said a group of army members from Quebec will march in the city's parade for the first time this year.
"As LGBTQ, no matter where we work or what we do, we want to be accepted," Jean-Sebastien Boudreault said in a phone interview.
"So when a government body as strict as the army makes a step forward, it's always positive news for the LGBTQ community."
They say that while military personnel have been present at some Pride functions before, they believe it's the first time they'll march in the parade as a group.
Recently, some groups have taken issue with the inclusion of uniformed police officers in Pride events, saying their presence makes some members of the LGBTQ community feel unsafe.
As a result, police in both Toronto and Ottawa were asked not to wear their uniforms to their cities' Pride parades this year.
Boudreault says they don't anticipate a similar controversy when it comes to military troops.
"The army doesn't have regular contact in the city streets with Canadian citizens, so there's not the same fear as there is with police corps," they said, adding the soldiers will not be armed and won't be travelling in military vehicles.
They said about 10 members of the army have so far signed up to participate in the Aug. 20 event.
Vance's directive came on the heels of a similar order issued earlier in the summer by Vice-Admiral Ron Lloyd, head of the Canadian Navy.
The order is part of a wider strategy to increase diversity and inclusion in the Canadian Forces and address a long-standing reputation for intolerance and misogyny.
Heer said part of the diversity strategy involves rethinking the military's policies regarding sexual orientation.
"The viewpoint has always been that it doesn't affect our operational effectiveness, so it's not something we discuss," they said.
"But with the diversity strategy we're realizing that maybe we need to change that narrative."
The strategy is aiming to provide a more inclusive workplace for all groups, including women, visible minorities, Indigenous groups and people with disabilities.
To continue those efforts, the Forces plans to name a senior leader as a diversity and inclusion "champion," create a peer support initiative to encourage people to express their concerns, and provide local base commanders with a tool kit containing resources and options to foster inclusion.
Nick Bostrom is explaining to me how superintelligent AIs could destroy the human race by producing too many paper clips.
It's not a joke. Bostrom, the director of the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University, is the author of "Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies," an exploration of the potentially dire challenges humans could face should AIs ever make the leap from Siri to Skynet. Published in July, the book was compelling enough to spur Elon Musk, the founder and CEO of Tesla, into tweeting out a somber warning:
Advertisement:
[embedtweet id="495759307346952192"]
Via Skype call from their office in Oxford, Bostrom lays out a thought experiment that demonstrates how all our affairs could go awry.
It doesn't have to be paper clips. It could be anything. But if you give an artificial intelligence an explicit goal -- like maximizing the number of paper clips in the world -- and that artificial intelligence has gotten smart enough to the point where it is capable of inventing its own super-technologies and building its own manufacturing plants, then, well, be careful what you wish for.
"How could an AI make sure that there would be as many paper clips as possible?" asks Bostrom. "One thing it would do is make sure that humans didn't switch it off, because then there would be fewer paper clips. So it might get rid of humans right away, because they could pose a threat. Also, you would want as many resources as possible, because they could be used to make paper clips. Like, for example, the atoms in human bodies."
Then Bostrom moves on to even more unsettling scenarios. Suppose you attempted to constrain your budding AIs with goals that seem perfectly safe, like making humans smile, or be happy. What if the AI decided to achieve this goal by "taking control of the world around us, and 10 paralyzing human facial muscles in the shape of a smile?" Or decided that the best way to maximize human happiness was to stick electrodes in our pleasure centers and "get rid of all the parts of our brain that are not useful for experiencing pleasure."
"And then you end up filling the universe with these vats of brain tissue, in a maximally pleasurable state," says Bostrom.
Advertisement:
And if you think that Keanu Reeves has a snowball's chance in hell of actually outwitting a real Matrix, well, think again.
But I don't know. To me, the kind of paper clip doom described by Bostrom doesn't seem very superintelligent at all. It seems kind of dumb. If we succeed in creating machines that actually become smarter than us -- so much smarter that they redesign themselves to become even more brilliant, setting off what Bostrom calls an "intelligence explosion" that leaves puny humans far behind -- wouldn't they be smart enough to understand what we meant, instead of taking us literally at our word? Why must doom be inevitable? Why couldn't our superintelligent spawn be able to grasp the lessons inherent in the existing corpus of human knowledge and help us prosper? Why does it always have to be Skynet that's not around the corner, instead of utopia?
The answer is, nobody knows. There's a core frustration involved in reading "Superintelligence," which is that, despite our best guesses, we have no idea what is going to happen, or when. Bostrom says true superintelligence could appear within a decade, or it could take 80 years, or maybe might never happen at all (but they aren't betting on the last scenario). We don't know what technical path will lead us to the transformative moment, or how future AIs will regard us, or themselves. We don't have the slightest inkling what their own autonomous goals will be. "Superintelligence" is filled with "mights" and "coulds" and "shoulds" and "it seems likelys" and Bostrom even goes so far as to concede, in their introduction, that "many of the points made in this book are probably wrong." There's no road map here that definitely gets us to our destination.
The only thing we do know reasonably well is that the current high-flying technology successes that seem like proof that true AI emergence is imminent -- the self-driving quarters, chess-grandmaster-conquering software programs, voice-activated smartphones -- do not actually signal that we're anywhere closer to solving the really hard AI challenges that have stumped computer scientists for decades. Bostrom concedes that the most flashy recent advances have mainly been fueled by clever brute force approaches. Throw a lot of sensors and processing power and data at a specific problem and you can achieve amazing things. But true autonomy, the ability to think for oneself, the capacity to derive actual meaning from existence? We're not there yet.
Advertisement:
Which raises another question: If we're not sure when or even if superintelligent machines are in our immediate future, why should we be worrying about them, instead of other things like, say, the challenges of an overheated planet, which is something that scientists do have a pretty good handle on?
But for Bostrom, the existential threat to humanity posed by rampaging AIs is great enough to trump any other challenge.
"The underlying reason for writing the book is to increase the chances that when we eventually have to make this transition we do it successfully," says Bostrom. "We don't know exactly how hard the problem is -- we know that it is very difficult, but we don't know whether solving the problem of controlling superintelligent machines is just very difficult or super-duper-ultra difficult. And we also don't know how long we have to do it, because we don't know how far away AI is. So we have what may be an extremely difficult problem with an unknown time to solve it, on which quite possibly the entire future of humanity depends."
Advertisement:
"So there is a certain sense of urgency in trying to get the best minds, or some of them, to focus on this."
Disabled man forced off bus by refusal to move pram sparks equality test case Read more
Should a wheelchair user who wants to travel by bus have priority over a child in a pushchair? That, broadly speaking, is the question that will now come before Britain's most senior judges.
In granting Doug Paulley permission to appeal this week, the UK supreme court has raised the possibility that buggies will no longer be allowed to block wheelchairs on buses.
Paulley, 36, relies on a wheelchair to get about. In February 2012 they tried to board a bus from Wetherby to Leeds, only to find that the only available space was occupied by a woman with a sleeping child in a pushchair. The driver asked them to fold down the chair and move. They refused, insisting that their pushchair would not fold.
Paulley offered to fold down their own wheelchair and sit in an ordinary seat. But the driver said it would not be possible to secure their chair safely on the winding roads of West Yorkshire.
Paulley waited for the next bus, missed their train at Leeds, and arrived at their destination an hour late. With the support of the Equality and Human Rights Commission, they sued the bus operator for unlawful discrimination, and was awarded compensation of £5,500.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Doug Paulley from Wetherby, Yorkshire, won compensation from First Group - the company then successfully appealed. Photograph: Andrew McCaren/Ross Parry
Last December the bus company, First Group, persuaded three appeal judges, headed by Lady Justice Arden, to overturn that decision. So the question for the supreme court will be whether Paul Isaacs, the part-time judge at Leeds who found in Paulley's favour, got it right first time. The supreme court judges would not have granted Paulley permission to appeal unless there was at least a chance that they would find in their favour.
In the court of appeal, Lord Justice Lewison said the case was not about whether other passengers should make room for a wheelchair user: of course they should, if possible. Nor was it about whether parents in the wheelchair space with a child in a folding buggy should fold their buggies in order to make way for a wheelchair user: of course they should, if possible.
Non-wheelchair users, unlike wheelchair users, normally had a choice about which part of the bus to sit or stand in. Common decency and respect for wheelchair users should mean that other passengers make way for them.
What was at issue, they said, was whether the bus company must have a policy to compel all other passengers to vacate the wheelchair space irrespective of the reason why they are in it, on pain of being made to leave the bus if they do not, leaving no discretion to the driver.
That, said the judge, was “a step too far”. Parliament had not intended the rights of wheelchair uses to trump all other considerations.
Arden agreed that a bus company must take all reasonable steps, short of compelling passengers to move from the wheelchair space. Requiring them to move – or leave the bus if it was full – would require legislation.
Lord Justice Underhill considered whether the bus company should have required other passengers to give priority to wheelchair users. Such a policy could not be enforced by the driver, Underhill said. “The fact that some passengers will, albeit rarely, act selfishly and irresponsibly is a sufficient reason for imposing on bus companies a legal responsibility for a situation which is not of their making and which they are not in a position to prevent.”
Really? Manhandling uncooperative passengers is certainly no part of a bus driver's duties. But we are all familiar with the driver who refuses to move until an antisocial individual gets off. Support from other passengers can be surprisingly effective.
The law requires bus companies to make reasonable adjustments for wheelchair users. But is it reasonable to give people in wheelchairs priority over people pushing buggies?
That was what parliament had intended, said Isaacs, the part-time judge at Leeds. No it was not, said Lewison in the court of appeal. “What is a reasonable adjustment depends, among other things, on the impact of the adjustment on others.”
What would be reasonable in these circumstances? Public buses are required to have space for at least one wheelchair. They are not required to have floor space for buggies, shopping trollies or wheeled suitcases — still less for lots of people to stand opposite the exit doors. Removing a sleeping child from a buggy may be inconvenient, but it is not likely to be as inconvenient for a parent as it would be for a wheelchair user to be prevented from boarding. People in wheelchairs should surely have priority in the spaces provided for them.
There are limits, of course: there might be another wheelchair user on board already, or just too many passengers. We do not require people to get off a bus early just because others want to get on. But it should not be possible for disability legislation to be circumvented so easily.
Lewison's “common decency and respect for wheelchair users” should be more than merely an aspiration: the supreme court should find a way of making it enforceable.
Circuit Info
Address: Sebring International Raceway, 113 Midway Drive, Sebring, Florida 33870, USA
PH: +1 863 655-1442
Circuit type: Permanent road course
Website: http://www.sebringraceway.com
Circuit History
Sebring Raceway is a mecca for sportscar fans the world over, having held its famous 12 Hour race since 1952. Built on the runways and connecting roads of a former US Army Air Base, what was once a temporary affair is now a permanent facility used year-round for testing and club racing.
Airbase origins
The airbase on which it stands was built at the height of World War Two, when the city of Sebring donated land for a new air training school. In June 1941, construction crews moved in and began creating the runways and barracks, with a network of buildings, roads and sewerage systems that effectively made it a small self-contained city.
Shortly before completion, the orders came through that the base was to be expanded to become the first Combat Crew Training School in the United States for heavy bombers, requiring much more robust and enlarged runways. To withstand the pounding of the giant B-17 Flying Fortress bombers, engineers poured multiple slabs of concrete to form the runways, which cris-crossed the site in four directions. Named Hendricks Field in honour of a fallen flight instructor, the base spent the rest of the war training hundreds of pilots for B-17, B-24 and later, B-29 Superfortress flight crews.
With the end of the war, however, it soon became surplus to requirements and after a short period of inactivity, the abandoned airfield was turned over to the City of Sebring to become Sebring Air Terminal, now Sebring Regional Airport & Commerce Park.
Racing takes shape
It was in this guise that Sebring first came to the attention of the racing community. One day in 1949, sportscar racers Sam Collier and Bob Gegen were flying overhead when they spotted the airfield below and decided to take a closer look. On landing, they asked to see the person in charge. and asked if it would be possible to hold a race on the grounds there. Allen Altvader, who ran the air terminal, said it would be a matter for the city council to decide but took them on a tour of the facility.
Evidently impressed by what they had seen, the pair departed to begin preparations, leaving Altvader to talk to the council members to sound them out. At the Watkins Glen road race in 1950, Collier and Gegen evidently shared their idea with other racers to sound them out; tragically, Collier was killed at that very race and it seemed that the idea might have died with him.
Enter fellow racer Alec Ulmann, who had been inspired by a trip to Le Mans and harboured ambitions to bring European style racing to the USA. The former president of the Dowty Equipment Corporation, which manufactured landing gear for military aircraft, Ulmann was also keen on starting a new business refitting war-surplus aircraft for civilian uses. On a trip to seek out a base for their adventure, they decided to check out Sebring to see for themselves whether Collier and Gegen had been onto something.
In their book 'The Sebring Story', Ulmann writes that what they found seemed ideal for their vision: "Two glorious one-mile straightaways, so necessary for top speed competition, [and other roads that] could simulate Le Mans' right-angle turns of Mulsane and Arnage and the 200mph straight passes at the Hunaudières."
The early years
Convinced it could work, they ploughed in what money they could into organising the first race, held on New Year's Eve, 1950. Around 30 cars from across the country turned out to contest the Sam Collier Six Hours Memorial, run to a complicated equivalence formula which ensured that the handful of local spectators could have no clue who was winning! Rather remarkably, it was won by the team of Ralph Deshon and Fritz Koster, who had borrowed a spectator's tiny (and otherwise unsporting) Crosley Hot Shot to participate in the event.
The first course was very primitive – essentially marked out with hay bales and featuring a pit area that was little more than lashed together trestle tables – but the event had proved enough of a success to be repeated 14 months later in what would become its now traditional early season date.
In its more familiar guise as a 12 hour endurance race, the revised course used a different combination of the former army base's roads alongside the North/South and East/West runways. This was to become the classic Sebring layout and was a true test of endurance. The bumpy concrete sections took their tolls on the cars, while the night time running on the maze of roads often played tricks on the drivers – many would become disoriented and lose time navigating their way back onto the proper course.
In 1959, Ulmann pulled off something of a coup, organising the first US Grand Prix for Formula One machinery. In the end, the bumpy concrete proved a poor match for the sophisticated single seaters and the event failed to cover its own costs – indeed, Charles Moran and Briggs Cunningham stepped up to pay the prize monies out of their own pockets when the promoter's cheques bounced. After a further one-off race at Riverside, F1 found a happier home at Watkins Glen.
Sebring's darkest hour
By 1966, the 12 Hours was well-established and became another battleground between Ford and Ferrari, in preparation for Le Mans. That year's race was to prove Sebring's grimmest hour, however, thanks to a string of fatalities which exposed the inadequacy of safety facilities. First Canadian Bob McLean was killed when their Ford GT40 suffered mechanical trouble sending it careering into a telegraph pole, whereupon it burst into flames with the hapless McLean trapped inside. Further tragedy was to strike with two hours to go, when Mario Andretti's Ferrari slowed with gearbox trouble, only to be clipped by Don Wester's Porsche, sending Wester first into a group of spectators who were stood in a restricted zone and then into the side of a warehouse. Four spectators, including a nine-year-old boy, were killed and Wester suffered multiple injuries.
Ulmann and the organisers came under fierce criticism in the aftermath, with threats of lawsuits and potential boycotts mooted. Serious plans soon emerged to move the race to the then-new Palm Beach International Raceway. The track's owner, Pete McMahon, was willing to invest $1.5 million in track upgrades that would include extending its length from 2 miles to 5.5 miles. In addition 80 covered pits would be built for the entrants plus bleachers for the spectators, private parking, a scenic lake and spectator access roads. A 10 year deal was duly signed to host the renamed Florida International Grand Prix of Endurance.
Mother Nature had other ideas, however. The Palm Beach area suffered through two months of unprecedented rains, delaying the start of any construction work. Finally in November, Palm Beach officials announced they were abandoning the 10-year contract to hold the race because the rains and high water table prevented them from getting the track ready in time.
Resurrection
Hurriedly, Sebring had to be readied for racing once again. Concessions to safety were made, including the moving of the warehouse straight onto a parallel road to keep the cars further away from buildings. They then eliminated the old Webster corner and replaced it with the Green Park Chicane, while nylon belting that was designed to catch Navy planes that might overshoot a carrier landing or a short runway was installed along the new Warehouse Straight. The track's insurers also insisted spectators must be kept at least 120 feet from the track rather than the previous 75 feet, while chain link fencing and Armco barriers were also introduced.
Despite the upgrades, Sebring was still a primitive place, with few of the amenities to be found at permanent venues. This didn't seem to put off the crowds, who would pile into Green Park to camp, party and watch the race, sometimes almost as an afterthought. The atmosphere was fairly wild and in many cases not for the faint-of-heart.
Into the modern era
There were no further significant track changes until 1983, when the first of several course changes marked a push to reduce the circuit's impact on the operations of the airport, which was seeing increasing flight traffic. This would ultimately see the portions using the the North/South runway reduced and finally eliminated. In tandem came a general upgrade of paddock facilities, which saw the relocation of the backstretch in 1984 – now named the Ulmann straight – to create more room.
Bigger changes came in 1987, when new sections were built from Turn One to Turn Three, eliminating much of the concrete apron, and the track was rerouted away from the North/South runway altogether through a new stretch of permanent road which rejoined onto the Ulmann Straight. Further revisions in 1991, 1996 and 1998 would ultimately mean the circuit would become a permanent venue, separate from both the airport and adjoining business park, allowing the track to operate independently and without interruption.
The track underwent ownership changes in the 1990s. Firstly it was acquired by Scandia Racing boss Andy Evans, who subsequently sold it to Don Panoz in 1997. Under Panoz's flight attendantship, there has been further investment, which has seen the construction of the Château Elan Hotel overlooking the hairpin and the creation of separate club and school courses.
In September 2012 the Panoz Motorsport Group was sold to NASCAR, which thus became the new owner of Sebring Raceway. The famous 12 Hours continues, now part of the NASCAR-sanctioned United SportsCar Championship, while the track also hosts the Legends of Motorsport and Historic Sportscar Racing series, and is the winter home of the Skip Barber Racing School. Many teams also continue to use Sebring for winter testing due to the warm climate.
Getting There
Sebring International Raceway is in central Florida, USA, close to the City of Sebring. The nearest international airports are at Orlando, 94 miles/1 hour 50 minutes to the north or Tampa, approximately two hours/108 miles to the north-west. Sebring Regional Airport is next to the raceway but there are no regularly scheduled passenger services.
By road the circuit is located close to the intersections of Highways 27 and 98. From Orlando, head south on US27 until you reach Highway 98 and follow signs to the circuit. From Tampa, take SR60 East to US 27 South to Highway 98 and follow signs to the circuit.
Sebring offers both reserved trackside parking and first-come/first-served parking. Fees are charged for both – check the circuit website for details.
Get Directions
Enter your starting address:
Share this page
Pick up vinyl and more from some great independent record labels.
Vinyl buffs, rejoice: the Independent Label Market is back for its seasonal fair. It's both a platform for dozens of the UK's best independent record labels to sell their wares directly to music lovers and a chance for punters to get hold of some of the freshest LPs, CDs, tapes and merchandise, and hang out with the ever-friendly label staff and musicians who man the stalls.
Almost 100 labels taking part have already been announced including Bella Union, Communion, Domino, Heavenly, Kitsune, Ninja Tune, Young Turks – and if all that leaves you thirsty, the London Brewers' Market will be set up right next door, offering liquid refreshment from some of London's best independent breweries.
The market opens at 11am, so it's best to arrive early if you want to take your pick of the exclusive items and beat the crowds (yes, there will be crowds). Set your alarm and bring a tote bag and plenty of cash: you'll find plenty of vinyl treasure here.
Italy will host the Ryder Cup for the first time when the biennial event heads to Rome's Marco Simone Golf and Country Club in 2022.
It will be only the third time the event has been staged in continental Europe, following Valderrama in Spain in 1997 and Le Golf National in France which gets the event in 2018.
Four nations -- Italy, Austria, Germany, and Spain -- had been in the final running after Denmark, Portugal and Turkey withdrew their interest in the early stages.
"I would like to offer my congratulations to Italy whose bold and ambitious bid has seen them become the host nation for the 2022 Ryder Cup," said Keith Pelley, chief executive of the European Tour -- the managing partner of Ryder Cup Europe.
"History has shown time and again that the Ryder Cup is pure theatre with the players the stars, and there is no question that the Eternal City of Rome will provide a wonderful backdrop for one of the great occasions in world golf.
"With Paris in 2018 and now Rome in 2022 being the respective host cities for Europe's next two stagings of the biennial contest against the United States, the magical appeal of the Ryder Cup is set to continue.
"In addition, we have exciting plans for the development of the European Tour and our International Schedule for the benefit of all our players, and Italy shares this ambition. Their commitment to the Italian Open will provide an inspiring benchmark."
Europe's Ryder Cup director Richard Hills, a member of the evaluation committee, said it was a tough decision but Rome just edged their rivals.
"The Italian bid was consistently strong and impressive across the board in terms of infrastructure, commercial structure and government support," they said.
"It was a worthy gold medallist in this particular contest, although there were three impressive silver medallists too in Austria, Germany and Spain, who conducted themselves in a professional manner throughout the process.
"The plans outlined for the golf course at Marco Simone are spectacular alongside the commitment to develop all levels of golf in Italy, and we look forward very much to working with the Italian 2022 Ryder Cup team over the coming years."
Dropbox Accused Of Misleading Customers On Security
FTC complaint charges that the file-sharing service hasn't told the truth about the security it applies to stored files, as well as who can access or view those files.
A complaint was filed with the Federal Trade Commission last week alleging that the popular Dropbox file-sharing service has been misleading users about the security and privacy of their files. Dropbox offers cross-platform file synchronization and online backup. According to the company, over 25 million people have registered to use Dropbox.
At issue is Dropbox's description of its service. Previously, the company stated in the "How Secure is Dropbox" page in its "Help Center" that "all files stored on Dropbox servers are encrypted (AES-256) and are inaccessible without your account password."
But the reality seems to be more complicated. In particular, Dropbox--unlike some of its competitors, such as Spideroak and Tarsnap--uses file deduplication when files are first uploaded. As a result, when a user uploads a file, the Dropbox site first studies the file to see if it's been uploaded by a different user. If so, Dropbox just links to the previously uploaded file.
But security and privacy researcher Christopher Soghoian, a graduate fellow at the Center for Applied Cybersecurity Research who's completing their PhD at the School of Informatics and Computing at Indiana University, said in a blog post--prefiguring their FTC complaint, noted above--that file deduplication typically results in poorer security. "While the decision to deduplicate data has probably saved the company quite a bit of storage space and bandwidth, it has significant flaws."
For starters, deduplication can make it easy for outsiders to know what's already on Dropbox's servers, since the website studies a file to see if it's seen it before. "While this doesn't tell you which other users have uploaded this file, presumably Dropbox can figure it out. I doubt they'd do it if asked by a random user, but when presented with a court order, they could be forced to," they said. "What this means, is that from the comfort of their desks, law enforcement agencies or copyright trolls can upload contraband files to Dropbox, watch the amount of bandwidth consumed, and then obtain a court order if the amount of data transferred is smaller than the size of the file."
Soghoian also questioned Dropbox's use of a single encryption key for all user data the company stores. First, there's the risk it creates that a malicious insider could inappropriately access any user's data. In addition, they said, "Dropbox has exposed its users to unnecessary risk of data theft by hackers who, if they break into the company's servers, may be able to steal users' data and the keys necessary for decryption." This has happened in several recent, high-profile attacks, for example against RSA and Comodo.
Finally, Dropbox's website had said that "Dropbox employees aren't able to access user files, and when troubleshooting an account they only have access to file metadata (filenames, file sizes, etc., not the file contents)." In April, however, in response to criticism of Dropbox's website--from Soghoian, among others--Dropbox altered its description. Instead of saying that employees can't access data, the new description says "we have strict access controls that prohibit employee access to user data."
In response to Soghoian's initial complaints, Dropbox's founders, CEO Drew Houston and CTO Arash Ferdowsi, on April 21 released a statement on the Dropbox website. "Like most major online services, we have a small number of employees who must be able to access user data when legally required to do so," they said. "But that's the exception, not the rule. We have strict policy and technical access controls that prohibit employee access except in these rare circumstances. In addition, we employ a number of physical and electronic security measures to protect user information from unauthorized access."
In response to the FTC complaint Soghoian then filed, a Dropbox spokesperson, Julie Supan, said on Monday in an emailed statement: “We believe this complaint is without merit, and raises issues that were addressed in our blog post on April 21."
Will Dropbox face a fallout with its customers? "I deleted my Dropbox account. It turns out that they lied and don't actually encrypt your files and will hand them over to anyone who asks,' said Jon Callis, the co-founder and CTO of PGP, via tweet. But Callis is arguably a security outlier, given that they understand the intricacies of encryption and deduplication.
Other users, however, have also been speaking up. Ewan Leith, a system and data migration specialist, accused Dropbox of having made "a straight-forward lie" in changing its terms of service. "Dropbox employees are able to access user files, but you have policies and technical solutions in place to control their access. It's a fundamental distinction."
Meanwhile, Soghoian, in their complaint to the FTC, urged Dropbox to alter its approach to data security by foregoing data deduplication and assigning each user their own strong encryption key. "Other online backup services have done it for some time. This is the only real way that data can be secure in the cloud," they said.
In the new, all-digital issue of InformationWeek: Our 2011 Strategic Security Survey shows increased executive interest in security. Here's what you should do next. Download it now. (Free registration required.)
RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh high court has ordered that tribal Bastar region's panchayat resolution passed last year, imposing ban on non-Hindu religious missionaries, won't come in the way of exercising fundamental right to preach and propagate religion.The bench of Justice Manindra Mohan Shrivastava passed the order last week while hearing a writ petition filed by Chhattisgarh Christian Forum and others challenging constitutionality of resolution adopted by panchayat bodies last year banning non-Hindu religious missionaries in their areas. The court order, copy of which was made available on Wednesday, said advocate-general will get three weeks to seek instructions and make appropriate submission on the dispute raised before court.Advocate general J K Gilda and deputy advocate general R K Gupta appeared for the state while counsel Alok Bakshi appeared for petitioners.Christian bodies had moved high court in Bilaspur last year after a number of gram panchayats in tribal Bastar region passed resolutions at gram sabha, quoting provisions of Section 129 (G) of Chhattisgarh Panchayat Raj Act, banning “non-Hindu religious propaganda, prayers and speeches in villages”.The copy of the impugned resolution had stated, “To stop forced conversion by outside religious campaigners and to prevent them from using derogatory language against Hindu deities and customs, Sirisguda gram sabha bans religious activities such as prayers, meetings and propaganda of all non-Hindu religions.”The petitioners had contended the ban was a violation of fundamental rights guaranteed in Constitution and provisions of Panchayati Raj Act cannot have an overriding effect. They also sought legal action against officials for dereliction of duty for allegedly not acting in accordance with law.There have been reports few right-wing organizations had motivated local villagers to adopt such a resolution under provisions of Panchayati Raj Act.
The comedian/actor thinks The Void is 'buckets of blood, buckets of fun'
The cast and crew of a little film shot in Sault Ste. Marie received a very pleasant surprise early this morning via Twitter. Mr. Patton Oswalt touted The Void, a horror film featuring gory practical effects rather than CGI, as “buckets of blood, buckets of fun.”
Filmed in the Sault in late 2015, the former Sir James Dunn high school site was one of the production's primary shooting locations. Written and directed by Jeremy Gillespie and Steven Kostanski, The Void is being called a 1980s throwback nightmarish, tension-filled creature feature by IMDB readers.
Local horror fans are invited to a special screening of The Void at 7 p.m. on Thursday, Apr. 6 at Galaxy Cinemas in the Station Mall. The screening will be followed by a Q&A session with star Aaron Poole and producer Casey Walker. Tickets are free and available on a first-come first-served basis at the door the night of the screening.
For more information, follow The Void on Facebook.
It's often quoted as "Show, don't tell" because, on the whole, beginner writers do too much telling when they should be showing. But of course it's not nearly as simple as that. Both have their value; the key is to understand their respective strengths, and use each to your story's best advantage. Mind you, like everything in writing, it isn't even binary, but a spectrum, from the telliest tell, to the showiest show.
SHOWING is for making the reader feel they're in there: feel as in smell, touch, see, hear, believe the actual experience of the characters. As John Gardner says, it's by being convincing in the reality and detail of how we evoke our imagined world - by what the characters do and say - that we persuade the reader to read the story we're telling as if it really happened, even though we all know it didn't. That means working with the immediate physical and emotional actions and experience of the characters: your rage beating in your ears, the wind whipping your cheeks, a beggar clutching at your coat. The more I talk about Showing, the more I call it evoking, sometimes presenting, and occasionally channelling.
TELLING is for covering the ground, when you need to, as a narrator (whether the narrator is a character, or an implied, external narrator in a third-person narrative). It's supplying information: the storyteller saying "Once upon a time", or "A volunteer army was gathered together", or "The mountains were covered in fine, volcanic ash". So it's a little more removed from the immediate experience of the moment. The more I talk about Telling, the more I call it informing, sometimes explaining, and occasionally understanding.
Telling/informing: The temperature had fallen overnight and the heavy frost reflected the sun's rays brightly.
Showing/evoking: The morning air was bitter ice in their nose and mouth, and dazzling frost lay on every bud and branch.
Telling/informing: The taller man was a carpenter, complete with the tools of their trade.
Showing/evoking: A saw and hammer dangled from their belt and an adze was hooked into it, one thumbnail was black, and when they bowed they saw several long wood-shavings caught in their curly hair.
Telling/informing: They stood close and wrapped their arms round each other in a passionate embrace, so that they became aware that they had been riding, and then that they were as nervous as they are.
Showing/evoking: They gripped each other and the tweed of their jacket was rough under their cheek. Their hand came up to stroke their hair; they smelled leather and horses on the skin of their wrist. They were trembling.
Note that though showing is often a bit longer than telling the same thing (and I explored that issue here), it isn't here, and it needn't be. There is also a good case for sometimes leaving things more open and un-particularised, for the reader to read their own imagined stuff into; I explored that question here. But, usually, you're trying to make the world and the experience of the characters come alive for us, with the vivid, immediate scratch-and-sniff of life: "convincing in the reality and detail". This is most important, of course, at the important moments of change in a story, the crucial events in the characters' journey through the plot; they, above all, must live for us as vividly as possible, by being fully embodied - fully evoked:
Telling/informing: James was tall and attractive to women, being so charming to them that they fell for them immediately and never guessed how little they cared for them.
Showing/evoking: Show us how James stands at the bar, give us what they say, show us Anna looking up into their face and seeing love in theirs smile... and then show us what James says, in the gents' toilet, about making sure this girl - "What's their name? Anna?" - doesn't discover their address.
MORE THOUGHTS ABOUT SHOWING vs TELLING
Dialogue is always Showing in the basic sense, as it directly evokes sounds and actions. But do be careful that a) the character's voice is right for who they are and the way they talk is characteristic, and b) you don't use dialogue as a way of stuffing in slabs of Tell-ing which just happens to have "" round it. There's more about writing dialogue here.
Straight physical description - of red hair and freckles, or the mountain having dark cliffs and a rocky plateau on the top - is also showing in the basic sense, but it may not do much more to evoke the actual experience of that person or landscape than saying that they were beautiful or the landscape was dangerous. For more about how to make description a fully-paid-up part of your storytelling, try this post.
Psychic distance, and showing and telling, are closely related. I've blogged in more detail about Psychic Distance here; for now, just have a look at Gardner's range of psychic distances, and see how they're points on the spectrum from the telliest tell, to the showiest show:
It was winter of the year 1853. A large man stepped out of a doorway into a snowstorm. Henry J. Warburton had never much cared for snowstorms. Henry hated snowstorms. God how they hated these damn snowstorms. Snow. Under your collar, down inside your shoes, freezing and plugging up your miserable soul.
See how Tell is brilliant at - well - telling us exactly where we are, and what's going on, and Show is brilliant at evoking the physical and emotional experience of the character. But each has the vices of its virtues. Showing is not nearly so good at informing us about the wider context - where and who they (and so we) are - or may have to do so in a very laborious way. Telling is not nearly so good at evoking the vivid, living quality of this world and this character. For more on this issue, click here; for now, the thing to understand is that you need both.
If you've been told to "avoid adjectives and adverbs", which I dug into in more detail here at heart it's a Showing-and-Telling issue. If you tell us a house is imposing and a character approaches nervously and wearily, it's not nearly as vivid as if you give us their experience of the house, using words which embody that moment. They have to crane their neck to see the roof, and the stone eagles look down their noses at them as they climb on and on up the steps until their legs are aching. Embodying the effect of the setting on a character-in-action makes our bodies feel it too, because the mind doesn't know the difference between an imagined thing and a real one. What does "imposing" feel/look like? What does "approaching nervously" actually look like? It informs us what the effect is, but it doesn't evoke the character's experience. But I know what craning my neck feels like, and walking up steps that seem to go on forever.
Showing/evoking often gives you another advantage. In their point of view, the eagles are looking down their noses at her: the evocation of their posture is filtered through their perception. So we are given the physical experience, and their emotional experience at the same time. And because we're aware that it's their emotion, we know it might not be the whole story (someone else might see the eagles as nodding in friendly welcome, a third person wonder which species they're supposed to be) and our sense of their character, and their subjective experience, is heightened.
Part of using speech tags well (which I blogged about in more detail here). is tied into Showing. Don't inform us that "he shouted furiously", evoke for us the furious words and actions, so that the fury is evoked in the reader too. Don't inform us "she said jokingly" or "she joked", write the joke and trust the reader to know it is one. If the speech really could be taken a different way from how you intend, then show us its effect on the speaker (he's taken aback by the fury that's burst out of himself?) or the other characters. Indeed, show us the effect of the joke anyway, as that's really what's interested in the scene: they tell a joke, they wait for the laugh, they smile, Granny snorts in disapproval. Even less successful, usually, are speech tags which comment on the speech, i.e. which Tell us how to take what's said: "he laughed ingenuously" "she whispered unhelpfully". If in doubt, stick to "said", which is invisible, with "shouted" "cried" etc. when you really need to indicate volume.
But don't be put off Telling. Telling is for covering the ground when you need to, and it's very valuable: it can be a huge part of making a story come alive, because it's so easy to keep things moving and concentrate the reader's attention where it really matters. And you can still colour it with a character's voice and point of view - make it Show-y - even when you are covering the ground:
Bad Telling: The weather in the months of November and December was inclement, as they saw every time they looked up from their day's work. The work made good progress, on the whole, but the horses suffered from the wet weather. They waited for them to get in contact with her, but they didn't, and as Christmas approached they had almost managed to persuade themselves to give up hope that they would ever contact them They had decided that they would nonetheless celebrate the season by decorating the Christmas tree, when they finally heard their mobile make the sound which indicated that someone was trying to get in contact with them
Good Telling: November became December and the tweed on the loom grew steadily, while under their window the horses stood with their heads hanging in the rain. And still they didn't ring. By Christmas they had begun to give up hope. But they decided to get a tree anyway, and they were trying to get the first bauble to hang straight when their phone bleeped.
Character's Telling: November it rained - poured - buckets, on and on and on. It felt like one long wet weekend, and the horses stood miserably in the field, and I got on with the tweed. I know it always rains in the autumn but this time it felt as if it was raining on me personally, just as my phone was refusing to ring out of spite. It rained all through December, too, and even opening the box of Christmas decorations didn't make me feel better. And then my phone bleeped...
Notice that because I'm Telling, the narrative doesn't get right close in - the psychic distance is hovering around the 2-3 mark, and perhaps 3 for the Character's Telling. But it is still specific: it covers the ground, but it doesn't generalise about numbers of months and inclement weather and celebrating the season. Everything is embodied in physical, tangible, imaginable things: time is embodied in the tweed growing, their mood in the depressed-looking horses in the rain, the gradual erosion of hope in the phone not ringing while the tweed grows.There's even an active verb in "became", despite the abstractness of the idea of months. And although Character's Telling does use Tell-y things - "always rains" "didn't make me feel better" - again, the fact that they're a product of the character's voice and point of view makes them more alive.
And when they answer the phone, we'd go into full Show of character-in-action: what's said, done, felt, thought. As with the earlier example of Anna falling in love, generally speaking, the more crucial the scene - the characters-in-action, the setting - the more full-on showing you'll be doing. Almost all of your big scenes will probably happen in real time, because these are the crucial moments of change, conflict, decision and experience, and they need and deserve to be evoked as fully and vividly as possible. It's like a train: Showing is the compartments and carriages where it all happens, Telling is the good, strong, flexible couplings that lead from one carriage to the next.
Mind you, there is often a case for compressing some bits of an important scene: there are often things we need to know happened - moments when we need to sense the shape of the scene without the blow-by-blow details - and I explored that here. For more on, as it were, how to make your Telling Showy, click here. For more on the times when, actually, you want to be as plain and Tell-y as possible, to leave spaces for the reader to imagine in, click here.
Especially at the beginning of a novel, the balance between showing and telling can be very tricky to get right, because on the one hand you need to draw the reader as quickly as possible into the characters' lives and feelings and get us to care about them, and so want to stick around and find out more. On the other hand, we need to know a certain amount of what and where and why, again, if we're to care about them enough to keep reading. Going back to psychic distance, if you start at 1, then you'd better draw us closer into Henry's world quickly. If you start at 5, you've got some explaining to do...
And one final point, about what you might call the fable-like story, or the tale; the kind which is very much told by a storyteller, and the narrator's voice is ever-present. The archetypal story of this kind is the fairy tale, which is pretty much all Tell. In this kind of writing the voice of the storyteller is even more critical than it is in other writing: to make up for the distancing effect of the narrator keeping us with them and not the characters, the narrator and what they're saying must be extra-engaging in itself. But if you read the great modern exponents of the tale - Angela Carter comes to mind - you'll see that even with a very tell-y narrative, a very present narrator, the physical and emotional experience of the world we're watching is extraordinarily vivid. That's what Showing is all about - and you'll be Telling at the same time.
Space.com's Sarah Lewin tested out an Oculus Rift setup of the space adventure game "Elite: Dangerous" on board the U.S.S. Intrepid on May 4, during a celebration of the peripheral company Thrustmaster's 25th anniversary.
NEW YORK — Forget writing about space; at a gathering on the U.S.S. Intrepid in New York City this month, I got to fly through it, piloting a spaceship in virtual reality with the game "Elite: Dangerous."
Peering at a vast, simulated Milky Way through the window of a three-dimensional spaceship, I was itching to zoom off and investigate the stars around me. Instead, I spun about wildly, trying to shoot targets with lasers. It's the closest I'll ever get to flying between the stars — and it was awesome.
Oculus virtual-reality headset brings that realism to a whole new level as When I attended a 25th anniversary celebration for Thrustmaster — a company that builds joysticks and other hardware for flight simulators — I tested out a few of those controllers while immersed in a demonstration of "Elite: Dangerous" on the Rift. (You can check out the best VR headsets of 2016 here, as tested by our sister site Tom's Guide.)
The Oculus Rift setup was surprisingly lightweight, and the cord emerging from the back didn't prove a hazard, since the ship's captain stays seated. (Image: © Jeremy Lips/Space.com)
When I got my turn at the controls, a representative of Frontier Developments, the game's creator, demonstrated how to up the thrust and how to rotate in three-dimensional space — plus, crucially, how to fire my lasers (and aim them, which the game did mostly automatically once a target was in view).
Then I lifted the surprisingly light Rift headset onto my head and got a look at the spaceship's cockpit. (When I looked around behind me, the door that I presumably used to enter the cockpit was revealed.) I could see my hands on the controls — a joystick and a throttle, which players can choose to include in their control scheme, plus some pedals underfoot — and an intricate spaceport through the window in front of me.
The ship filled my entire view, and I could look left or right to bring up different menus. Near my lap was a radar screen that would soon fill with indicators of where in 3D space the enemies were.
But first I had to get out of the spaceport.
To lift up the ship and fly it through the narrow exit was relatively straightforward, but navigation got trickier once the game pulled me to a location peppered with with enemy targets, all in sight of a wide, glowing yellow star. It took a certain level of spatial awareness, which I did not display, to match the moving radar icons to objects outside my window, turn to face them and eventually fire a weapon.
The three Thrustmaster peripherals are shown on the poster behind the virtual-reality setup — a throttle, a joystick and pedals. (Image: © Jeremy Lips/Space.com)
Despite that disorientation, I didn't feel dizzy at all — surprising, because the game makes me feel queasy when I'm playing it on the computer. I felt grounded looking out the wide windows at space, and with just a bit more time I would have remembered how directions work and managed to blast more than one or two of the threats.
Of course, what I really wanted to do was fly off and look at that star more carefully, or streak off elsewhere to see what the simulated Milky Way has to offer — when I talked with David Braben, Frontier's founder and CEO, in December, they described how the game's simulation offers an astronomically accurate and infinitely fascinating 400-billion-star galaxy to navigate. Newly-released game content, called Horizons, lets players land on the generated planets and moons, too.
You can get a glimpse of that cosmic experience in this video:
But alas, the short demo was over and it was time to head back to the real world. And what more fitting place to put down my controls than on the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum, home of the space shuttle Enterprise?
Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow them @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
This article is over 1 year old
Treasurer Scott Morrison says ‘cautious and wise' approach to finances is helping Australia maintain its credit rating
A multibillion-dollar cut to spending on social services and higher-than-expected tax revenue have helped the government deliver a smaller budget deficit than forecast for 2016-17.
The treasurer, Scott Morrison, said the smaller deficit illustrated the Coalition had been taking a “cautious and wise” approach to the nation's finances, helping Australia maintain its credit rating.
But Labor says the result is more “good luck than good policy”, with $4bn in extra revenue coming from a better-than-forecast tax take.
NDIS rollout targets in doubt because of lack of resourcing, Allan Fels says Read more
Treasury officials released the final budget outcome for the 2016-17 budget on Tuesday, showing an underlying cash deficit of $33.2bn for last financial year.
The Turnbull government had been expecting a deficit of $37.6bn, so it has welcomed the $4.4bn overestimate.
Figures show the budget benefited from higher-than-estimated tax receipts (worth $2bn) and non-tax receipts ($2.1bn) last financial year, and lower-than-expected government payments ($1.2bn), which were also partly offset by higher net Future Fund earnings ($860m).
Company tax receipts last year were $590m higher than estimated; GST receipts were $569m higher; receipts from superannuation fund taxes were $488m higher; and excise and duty receipts were $197m higher, among others.
But the Coalition has also pursued more than $5bn in cuts to spending on social services since last year's budget, and has brought government payments down by $1.2bn more than expected.
Payments under the National Disability Insurance Scheme were $866m lower that expected last year, due to a more gradual transition of participants into the NDIS than estimated and underutilisation of capital expenditure.
Payments across a range of employment services programs were $205m lower, reflecting lower-than-expected demand for wage subsidies and activities supported by the New Enterprise Incentive Scheme and the Job Commitment Bonus.
Payments under the student payments program were $138m lower, reflecting lower-than-expected number of students receiving income support.
Payments for the management of illegal maritime arrivals (IMA) were hundreds of millions of dollars lower, reflecting lower-than-expected costs under the Onshore Compliance and Detention program ($154m) and the IMA Offshore Management program ($102m).
Federal budget 2017: the 10 graphs you need to see | Greg Jericho Read more
The decreases in spending were partially offset by the provision for underspends in the contingency reserve and higher-than-expected payments under the Pharmaceuticals Benefits Scheme ($1.2bn), primarily the result of an increased uptake of medicines.
Morrison welcomed the cut in spending on social services, saying it helped the Coalition hold the line on spending.
“Payments have come in at 25% of GDP,” they said on Tuesday. “The biggest contributor to what we've been able to achieve on the spending side has been a reduction in payments on social services of more than $5bn from when we first announced that position on budget night in 2016.
“Since 2013-14, we've been holding the line on expenditure.
“At the time of our government's first [budget] in 2013-14, payments for 2016-17 were estimated to be at $447bn. The final budget outcome is at $439bn for that year now.
Labor's finance spokesperson, Jim Chalmers, said the government's “minor” improvement in the budget is more about “good luck than good policy”.
Earlier this month, Morrison claimed there were better days ahead for Australia's economy after new figures showed an annual growth rate of 1.8%, thanks to a strong pick-up in economic activity in the June quarter.
They said the pick-up in growth was consistent with economic developments in the US and Britain, and showed the economy was moving towards “balanced growth”.
Thanks to fracking, Ohio could soon become the sixth largest oil producing state in the country. But can they get the rules surrounding the controversial technology right?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Ohio hasn't been an oil powerhouse for nearly 100 years.
But thanks to controversial new drilling technology, the state that once produced a third of the nation's crude and was the birthplace of John D. Rockefeller's mighty Standard Oil could once again be a significant source of domestic supply.
It's already attracting billions in investment from such big-name firms as ExxonMobil (XOM, Fortune 500), Chevron (CVX, Fortune 500), Hess (HES, Fortune 500) and Chesapeake (CHK, Fortune 500), Devon (DVN, Fortune 500) and Anadarko (APC, Fortune 500).
"It's one of the most significant economic events to occur in Ohio in decades," said Thomas Stewart of the Ohio Oil and Gas Association.
But the new production, which is coming from a layer of previously untapped shale rock deep beneath the state, relies on hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling.
Hydraulic fracturing, known as fracking for short, involves injecting water, sand and chemicals deep into the ground at high pressure to crack the shale and allow the oil or gas to flow.
The process, combined with horizontal drilling, has unleashed an energy boom in the United States but also raised fears of ground water contamination, earthquakes and other worries.
As production in Ohio ramps up the state finds itself at a critical juncture -- coming up with the right mix of regulations that allows this oil to be tapped, yet avoids the contamination that has occurred in states where fracking is more widespread.
An oil bounty: If given the proper development, Ohio could be producing 200,000 barrels of crude a day by 2020.
That's not going to rival Texas' current output of 1.4 million barrels a day and is just a small part of the nation's overall crude output of 5.6 million barrels per day, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
But based on current production rates it would be enough to make Ohio the sixth-largest oil producing state in the country and put it ahead of such heavyweights as Louisiana and Wyoming.
Stewart says the industry is poised to create 200,000 jobs and half a billion dollars in tax revenue in Ohio over the next five years, and landowners are already getting $3,000 to $5,000 per acre for leasing their land.
Nationwide wide the economy is is still sluggish, but in parts of Ohio "some car dealers are claiming to have had their best year ever," they said.
If the oil materializes as hoped, Ohio offers a few advantages over other states where fracking is used to produce oil or gas, Nitzan Goldberger, an energy analyst at the political risk consultancy Eurasia Group, wrote in a recent research note.
The geology is such that much of the fracking wastewater can be injected deep into the ground, unlike in Pennsylvania where that can't happen. Pennsylvania has to treat its wastewater so it can then discharge it into rivers. That has caused problems. In some cases the wastewater is trucked to Ohio so that it can be pumped deep below the earth.
And a solid infrastructure of pipelines and waterways means the oil can easily be transported to market, unlike oil from the Bakken Shale in North Dakota.
There are a number of compelling reasons for companies to bet on Ohio, said Goldberger.
Contaminated water: The fear is this pending boom will lead to problems with the water supply, as has occurred in places like Wyoming and Pennsylvania.
Recognizing this, the Ohio Department of Natural Resources is in the process of tightening the regulations around drilling.
In October the department issued a draft of new rules. A spokesperson for the department said the new rules will result in the state having "some of the strongest regulations in the country."
Environmentalists say the rules don't go far enough.
"There is no evidence that Ohio is learning from its neighbors, or even from accidents in its own state," said Amy Mall, a policy analyst for the Natural Resources Defense Council. "These are really insufficient."
Last week NRDC and a host of other environmental organizations issued a 22-page letter in response to the proposed rules. In it they called for thicker concrete barriers that line the well holes, further setbacks from water supplies and more state regulators, among other things.
In the meantime, local environmental groups are fielding calls from residents concerned about their water and handing out "Frack Finding" kits that let homeowners do their own testing.
"What we're worried about is getting calls from people who are no longer concerned but are instead saying 'my well is bad,'" said Matt Trokan, conservation manager at the Sierra Club's Ohio chapter.
Ohio regulators wouldn't comment on the proposed new rules as they are still in the process of being drafted.
The Oil and Gas Association's Stewart said they are adequate to protect the public health and encourage the development of shale oil but that they might be too burdensome on operators of traditional oil wells.
They said critics of the new regulations were either not familiar with what's in the new laws or, in some cases, are proposing things that would actually make well construction more dangerous.
"You need regulation by experts," they said. "I don't think one signer on that letter has ever stood on a rig floor."
Goldberger, the energy analyst, wouldn't comment on the Ohio regulations in particular but said greater regulation on this industry is something that is both doable and perhaps ever desirable from a business standpoint, especially given the bans on fracking that places like New York, France and South Africa have put into place.
"We don't buy into the notion that these regulations will kill the industry," they told CNNMoney. "At the end of the day they mitigate even bigger risks, like moratoriums."
CustoMac Budget mATX
A powerful desktop build with budget-minded parts and no graphics card. This build contains a mATX sized motherboard, a dual or quad core CPU and Intel HD 4000 onboard graphics.
​
CustoMac Budget ATX
A powerful desktop build with budget-minded parts and no graphics card. This build contains a ATX sized motherboard, a dual or quad core CPU and Intel HD 4000 onboard graphics.
​
CPU Intel Core i3-3225 Intel Core i5 3570K Amazon Newegg Motherboard GA-Z77-DS3H (ATX) Amazon Newegg RAM 8GB 1600Mhz DDR3 16GB 1600Mhz DDR3 Amazon Newegg Case Corsair Carbide 300R Amazon Newegg Power Supply Corsair 600 Watt Amazon Newegg Storage SATA 6Gb/s 120GB SSD SATA 6Gb/s 240GB SSD SATA 6Gb/s 1TB HDD Amazon Newegg Amazon Newegg CPU Cooler Corsair H60 Liquid Cooler Amazon Newegg Wifi Card TP-Link PCI Express Wifi Adapter Amazon Newegg Operating System Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion Mac App Store
CustoMac Pro
These full sized ATX builds have quad-core CPUs, maxed out RAM, and lots of expandability. Well suited for any demanding uses. Each has few high-end graphics card options that work in OS X Mountain Lion.
​
CustoMac Pro Socket 2011
These rigs are the most powerful single CPU systems you can build. Warning: Power Management is NOT working, and may not ever work. This means no speedstep, sleep, etc...
​
Graphics Cards
One of the most important components in a custom build is the graphics card. If you're building a CustoMac, it's an especially tricky decision. Not only do you have to worry about what will be a good performer for the cost, but you also have to be informed about what is fully supported, and what is not. The following graphics card examples are all natively compatible without modifying drivers. Each gives a range of port options, install compatibility, and is known to work with minimal configuration. Furthermore, it's now possible to use multiple NVIDIA cards in tandem- dual and triple cards are enabled by default.
​
GeForce GT 640 PCIe-powered 900 MHz Clock for low power & quiet use. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg PNY Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 650 Mid-range card with high performance. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg PNY Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 660 Ti Mid to high-end performance card. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg PNY Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 670 Standard High end - our top recommendation. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg PNY Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 670 Upgraded Higher graphics clock speed. EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 680 Standard The top end card. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg Gigabyte Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg PNY Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg GeForce GTX 680 Upgraded Higher graphics clock speed. ASUS Amazon Newegg EVGA Amazon Newegg MSI Amazon Newegg Zotac Amazon Newegg
CPUs
We recommend these specific Ivy Bridge CPUs for Socket 1155 motherboards because they feature fully working HD 4000 integrated graphics.
​
Intel Core i7-3770K 3.5Ghz 4 Cores / 8 Threads, Turbo Unlocked for Overclocking Amazon Newegg Intel Core i7-3770 3.4Ghz 4 Cores / 8 Threads, Turbo Amazon Newegg Intel Core i5-3570K 3.4Ghz 4 Cores / 4 Threads, Turbo Unlocked for Overclocking Amazon Newegg Intel Core i3-3225 3.3Ghz 2 Cores / 4 Threads, Turbo Amazon Newegg
Motherboards
We recommend these specific Gigabyte 7-series motherboards because of native power management support, network, and audio. They are the most compatible with OS X and are the easiest motherboards to get up and running for first time builders.
​
Gigabyte GA-Z77X-UP5-TH ATX, VGA, DVI, HDMI Dual Thunderbolt, Bluetooth/Wifi* Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-Z77X-UD5H ATX, VGA, DP, DVI, HDMI Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-Z77-DS3H ATX, VGA, DVI, HDMI Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-Q77M-D2H mATX, VGA, DVI, HDMI, DP Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-B75M-D3P mATX, VGA, DVI, HDMI, DP Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-Z77N-WIFI mini-ITX, DVI, HDMI Bluetooth/Wifi* Amazon Newegg Gigabyte GA-H77N-WIFI mini-ITX, DVI, HDMI Bluetooth/Wifi* Amazon Newegg
Drives
We recommend using a fast solid state drive for your system drive. Choose a 1TB or less hard drive if planning to use Chimera/Chameleon as your bootloader. Also, choose 512B format drives. 4K advanced format drives will not work with the bootloader without
​ We recommend using a fast solid state drive for your system drive. Choose a 1TB or less hard drive if planning to use Chimera/Chameleon as your bootloader. Also, choose 512B format drives. 4K advanced format drives will not work with the bootloader without workarounds . Note that this is only applicable for the boot drive, whereas your storage drive can be any size. The following drive examples have been hand picked to work without issues.
SATA 6Gb/s 500GB HDD Amazon Newegg SATA 6Gb/s 1TB HDD Amazon Newegg SanDisk SATA 6Gb/s 120GB SSD Amazon Newegg SanDisk SATA 6Gb/s 240GB SSD Amazon Newegg SanDisk SATA 6Gb/s 480GB SSD Amazon Newegg
CPU Coolers
​
Corsair H60 Liquid Cooler Amazon Newegg Thermaltake Performer 2.0 Water Cooler Amazon Newegg Thermaltake Frio Air Cooler Amazon Newegg
Power Supplies
Corsair 500 Watt Amazon Newegg Corsair 600 Watt Amazon Newegg Corsair 650 Watt Modular Amazon Newegg Corsair 750 Watt Modular Amazon Newegg
Cases
​ The case is one of the most universal parts, although you need to make sure that your motherboard and chosen parts will fit. Each link refers to the details of the product, where you can see what sizes are recommended.
​ The case is one of the most universal parts, although you need to make sure that your motherboard and chosen parts will fit. Each link refers to the details of the product, where you can see what sizes are recommended.
mini-ITX Apex MI-008 (w/ 250W Power Supply) Amazon Newegg mini-ITX CoolerMaster Elite 120 Amazon Newegg mini-ITX Thermaltake Element Q (w/ 200W Power Supply) Amazon Newegg mini-ITX Silverstone Sugo SG07B (w/ 600W Power Supply) Amazon Newegg mini-ITX BitFenix Prodigy White Amazon Newegg Black Newegg Orange Newegg Red Newegg mATX Fractal Design Core 1000 Amazon Newegg mATX Silverstone PS07 Amazon Newegg mATX/ATX Corsair Carbide 200R Amazon Newegg mATX/ATX Corsair Carbide 300R Amazon Newegg mATX/ATX Corsair Carbide 500R Amazon Newegg ATX/E-ATX Corsair Graphite 600T Amazon Newegg
Accessories
These parts are known to work well with CustoMac desktops. If planning to use Bluetooth exclusively, access to a USB keyboard is also helpful to get into the UEFI and to access the bootloader menus.
​
Charlie Lindgren (Photo: Courtesy of St. Cloud State University)
St. Cloud State starting goalie Charlie Lindgren has decided to bypass their senior season and play pro hockey.
Lindgren, who recently completed their junior season with the Huskies, said Tuesday morning that they plan to sign a deal with an NHL franchise.
"Hopefully, it gets finalized (Tuesday)," Lindgren said. "It's been a stressful process, but that's how you want it. You want tough decisions."
St. Cloud State forward Patrick Russell, who recently completed their sophomore season, said via text message that they have not made a final decision as to whether to turn pro or return to the Huskies next season.
Lindgren said that there were originally "10-15 teams" interested in him, but that "it quickly got whittled down to three of them."
Lindgren said that there is a deciding factor as to which team they sign with.
"The first thing is the best opportunity," Lindgren said. "Where do you see yourself having the best path to the NHL.
"As a rookie, I don't think the salary can change much. It's really all about the opportunity and the level of interest shown by the GMs and the teams."
Lindgren set a school record for wins in a season (30) and had a .925 save percentage and 2.13 goals-against average in 40 games for the Huskies. The goals-against average is the second-best in the school's Division I era (2.11, Jase Weslosky, 2007-08) and the save percentage is the fourth-best mark in a season.
Lindgren was recently named the NCHC Goaltender of the Year and was named to the NCHC All-Rookie team as a first-year student.
Lindgren was the team's No. 1 goaltender each of the past two seasons and played on three straight teams that made the NCAA tournament. In 88 college games, Lindgren was 51-29-3 with a 2.21 GAA and .921 save percentage. The 2.21 career goals-against average sets a program Division I era record. The .921 save percentage is second at the school (Bobby Goepfert, .924, 2005-07) and the 51 wins are third.
"My three years at St. Cloud State have been the best years of my life, an absolute blast," said Lindgren, who is from Lakeville. "It's definitely a decision I thought about a lot and it's definitely a tough decision to leave the guys and the coaching staff and fans.
"I've just got the right opportunity in front of me and I'm going to take it."
Lindgren took part in the Minnesota Wild's prospects camp last summer. They were not drafted by an NHL team, so they were free to talk to all NHL teams about a contract.
Before joining St. Cloud State, Lindgren was named the USA Hockey Junior Goalie of the Year in 2012-13 after helping the Sioux Falls Stampede reach the United States Hockey League's Clark Cup playoff finals.
Lindgren's departure leaves St. Cloud State with two goalies on its roster. Rasmus Reijola recently completed their junior season and has been a backup goalie for three seasons. David Zevnik recently competed their first-year student season, though they did not play in a game and will apply for a redshirt to give them four more seasons of eligibility.
The Huskies will also have Jeff Smith, a goalie who is playing with the Powell River Kings in the British Columbia Hockey League, on its roster in the fall. Smith is a 6-foot-2, 205-pound 20-year-old from Maple Ridge, British Columbia. This season, they were 25-12-1 with a 2.48 goals-against average and .927 save percentage in 42 regular season games for Powell River. They were 4-6 with a 2.88 GAA and .913 save percentage in 10 playoff games.
In 78 career games with Powell River, Smith was 45-24-2 with a 2.41 GAA and .924 save percentage during the regular season. In 19 playoff games, they were 8-10 with a 2.92 GAA and .908 save percentage.
Smith played the 2014-15 season with UMass-Lowell, so they will have three seasons of college eligibility remaining and is out of junior hockey eligibility.
The other goalie that St. Cloud State has a commitment from is Zachary Driscoll, a 19-year-old from Apple Valley. Driscoll was 21-4-0 with a 1.90 GAA and .933 save percentage in 26 regular season games for the Penticton Vees of the BCHL. In nine playoff games, Driscoll is 5-4 with a 1.89 GAA and .925 save percentage.
Driscoll split the 2014-15 season between the Austin Bruins of the North American Hockey League (6-5-3, 2.19, .921) and the Omaha Lancers of the Unites States Hockey League (8-4-3, 2.86, .897).
Lindgren is the third straight starting goalie for the Huskies to leave after their junior season. Ryan Faragher left after their junior season to sign with Anaheim and Mike Lee left after their junior season to sign with Phoenix.
Follow Mick Hatten on Twitter, Instagram and at Facebook.com/sctimesmick. Reach them by phone at 259-3621.
The math of logistic regression
This post demonstrates the mathematical model behind logistic regression, which serves as the building block of the deep learning. I write this post to help others understand deep learning, I also write it for myself to learn deep learning more deeply.
I break down each subject into two posts, the math post explaining how an idea works theoretically, and the code post demonstrating how to implement the idea into code. To demonstrate logistic regression , I will apply the theory to image recognition, a well-studied machine learning subject, later in the code post. This post lays the foundation for understanding the model.
Model after biological neuron
Modern deep learning techniques model after biological cognition, the basic unit of which is neuron. It is the building block of deep learning starts with neuron-inspired math modeling using logistic regression. The math behind a simple logistic regression classifier looks like below:
Image this function represents a neuron in your brain, the input is the stimulus your brain received (sound, touch, etc.), represented by the data captured in x x x; and the output is a binary decision of whether that neuron gets triggered or not, represented by the binary value of y ^ \hat{y} ​y​^​​.
In order to have the neuron work properly, we need to have decent value for weights and bias terms, denoted as w w w and b b b respectively. However, we don't have good values for w w w nor b b b automatically, we need to train our model and acquire good weights and bias terms. Image our function as a newborn baby, and it takes training to teach a baby to walk, speak etc. We need to train our neuron model and figure out good values for w w w and b b b.
So the question is how to train for logistic regression? Given we have a set of training dataset, we can measure the error of our current model by comparing predicted value and actual value, then take the result to do better. We can break down the question of how to train for logistic regression into a set of smaller problems:
question 1: how to define the error of predictions from our model?
question 2: how to take the error to refine our model?
The technique to address question 1 is called forward propagation, and the technique to address question 2 is called backward progation.
Forward Propagation
Forward progation enables two things. First, it provides a predicted value y ^ \hat{y} ​y​^​​ based on the input x x x. To break down the calculation mathematically:
z ( i ) = w T x ( i ) + b z^{(i)} = w^{T}x^{(i)} + b z ​ ( i ) ​ ​ = w ​ T ​ ​ x ​ ( i ) ​ ​ + b
a ( i ) = 1 1 + e − z ( i ) a^{(i)} = \frac{1}{1+ e^{-z^{(i)}}} a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ = ​ 1 + e ​ − z ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 ​ ​
If the value of a ( i ) a^{(i)} a​(i)​​ is greater than or equal to 0.5, then y ( i ) y^{(i)} y​(i)​​ is predicted as 1, otherwise y ( i ) y^{(i)} y​(i)​​ is 0.
Second, it allows the model to calculate an error based on a loss function, this error quantifies how well our current model is performing using w w w and b b b. The loss function for the logistic regression is below:
ι ( a , y ) = y l o g ( a ) + ( 1 − y ) l o g ( 1 − a ) \iota(a, y) = ylog(a) + (1 - y)log(1-a) ι ( a , y ) = y l o g ( a ) + ( 1 − y ) l o g ( 1 − a )
How does this loss function make sense? The way I think about is that if the prediction is close to actual value, the value should be low. If the prediction is far from actual value, the value should be high. Gi
cost function based on loss function
Next we define a cost function for the entire dataset based on the loss function because we have many rows of training data, say m m m records. The value of the error based on the cost function is avaraged out across all errors:
ι ( a ( i ) , y ( i ) ) = − 1 m ∑ i = 1 m y ( i ) l o g ( a ( i ) ) + ( 1 − y ( i ) ) l o g ( 1 − a ( i ) ) \iota(a^{(i)}, y^{(i)}) = - \frac{1}{m} \sum_{i=1}^{m} y^{(i)}log(a^{(i)}) + (1 - y^{(i)})log(1-a^{(i)}) ι ( a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ , y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) = − ​ m ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ∑ ​ i = 1 ​ m ​ ​ y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ l o g ( a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) + ( 1 − y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) l o g ( 1 − a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ )
J = 1 m ∑ i = 1 m ι ( a ( 1 ) , y ( i ) ) J = \frac{1}{m}\sum_{i=1}^{m}\iota(a^{(1)}, y^{(i)}) J = ​ m ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ∑ ​ i = 1 ​ m ​ ​ ι ( a ​ ( 1 ) ​ ​ , y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ )
Given we have a way to measure the error of our prediction model, we can set the goal to minimize prediction error by adjusting our model parameters, and this is where backward propagation comes in.
Backward Propagation
To tackle the problem of how to refine our model to reduce training error, we can more formally define our problem as following:
Given a dataset X X X The model computes A = σ ( w T X + b ) = ( a ( 0 ) , a ( 1 ) , . . . , a ( m − 1 ) , a ( m ) ) A = \sigma(w^T X + b) = (a^{(0)}, a^{(1)}, ..., a^{(m-1)}, a^{(m)}) A = σ ( w ​ T ​ ​ X + b ) = ( a ​ ( 0 ) ​ ​ , a ​ ( 1 ) ​ ​ , . . . , a ​ ( m − 1 ) ​ ​ , a ​ ( m ) ​ ​ ) The model calculates the cost function: J = − 1 m ∑ i = 1 m y ( i ) log ( a ( i ) ) + ( 1 − y ( i ) ) log ( 1 − a ( i ) ) J = -\frac{1}{m}\sum_{i=1}^{m}y^{(i)}\log(a^{(i)})+(1-y^{(i)})\log(1-a^{(i)}) J = − ​ m ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ∑ ​ i = 1 ​ m ​ ​ y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ lo g ( a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) + ( 1 − y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) lo g ( 1 − a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ ) Apply cost function J J J to adjust w w w and b b b
To implement step 4, we need to apply gradient descent.
Gradient Descent
Quote from Wikipedia on gradient descent:
Gradient descent is a first-order iterative optimization alogirthm for finding the minimum of a function.
Great! We want to find the minimum of our cost function by adjusting w w w and b b b. Following the gradient descent algorithm, we take the following steps:
taking partial derivatives off our parameters, which tells us the delta values of adjusting that value update our parameters based on the delta value from the partial derivatives
The goal is to learn w w w and b b b by minimizing the cost function J J J. For a parameter θ \theta θ, the update rule is θ = θ − α d θ \theta = \theta - \alpha \text{ } d\theta θ=θ−α dθ, where α \alpha α is the learning rate.
Translate the steps above mathematically, we get:
update w
∂ J ∂ w = 1 m X ( A − Y ) T \frac{\partial J}{\partial w} = \frac{1}{m}X(A-Y)^T ​ ∂ w ​ ​ ∂ J ​ ​ = ​ m ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ X ( A − Y ) ​ T ​ ​
w : = w − α ∂ J ∂ w w := w - \alpha\frac{\partial J}{\partial w} w : = w − α ​ ∂ w ​ ​ ∂ J ​ ​
update b
∂ J ∂ b = 1 m ∑ i = 1 m ( a ( i ) − y ( i ) ) \frac{\partial J}{\partial b} = \frac{1}{m} \sum_{i=1}^{m} (a^{(i)}-y^{(i)}) ​ ∂ b ​ ​ ∂ J ​ ​ = ​ m ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ ∑ ​ i = 1 ​ m ​ ​ ( a ​ ( i ) ​ ​ − y ​ ( i ) ​ ​ )
b : = b − α ∂ J ∂ b b := b - \alpha\frac{\partial J}{\partial b} b : = b − α ​ ∂ b ​ ​ ∂ J ​ ​
Put it all togher
We can now have a big picture of how we want to use logistic regression classifier to predict future dataset based on training dataset. A high-level architectural step can be summarized as:
Gather training dataset ( X t r a i n , Y t r a i n ) (X_{train}, Y_{train}) ( X ​ t r a i n ​ ​ , Y ​ t r a i n ​ ​ ) and test dataset ( X t e s t , Y t e s t ) (X_{test}, Y_{test}) ( X ​ t e s t ​ ​ , Y ​ t e s t ​ ​ ) . Initialize model parameters w w w and b b b . Define learning rate α \alpha α , and number of training iterations. For each training iteration, run through: apply forward propagation with ( X t r a i n , Y t r a i n ) (X_{train}, Y_{train}) ( X ​ t r a i n ​ ​ , Y ​ t r a i n ​ ​ ) , w w w and b b b
, and calculate cost funtion J J J
apply backward propagation to adjust w w w and b b b Verify the accuracy of the model using ( X t e s t , Y t e s t ) (X_{test}, Y_{test}) ( X ​ t e s t ​ ​ , Y ​ t e s t ​ ​ )
In the next blog post the code of logistic regression, we will dive into the implementation of logistic regression based on the model above.
With the recent release of Java Development Kit (JDK) 9, a great deal of attention has been rightfully focused on the newest features of Java, including the introduction of modules (through the incorporation of Project Jigsaw). Although much of the recent attention has been devoted to these powerful new features, work has already begun on the next release of Java: JDK 10. In this article, we will take a cursory look at the major features slated for JDK 10, as well as explore some of the features for JDK 10 that may be included in JDK 10 down the road.
Note that the world of JDK 10 is changing fast and the information contained in this article is intended to be accurate at the time of writing. The JDK 10 feature group is expected to increase and the proposals for features are likely to grow before JDK 10 is finally released.
New Features
Just as with previous JDK releases, there are some major features coming to JDK 10. These features can be broken up into two principal categories: (1) targeted for release and (2) proposed for release. The former category constitutes those features that have taken on a great deal of traction and have been scheduled for release with JDK 10. The latter category are those features that have gained momentum and require increased support and maturity prior to being included in JDK 10. Once a feature in this latter category has gained these prerequisites, it may be upgraded to a targeted for release status.
Targeted for Release
There are currently two major features that are targeted for JDK 10: (1) local variable type inference, which will remove a large portion of the tedious inclusion manual type information required for object instantiation, and (2) consolidation of the source tree for the JDK repositories, whereby the various JDK repositories will be combined into a single repository.
1. Local Variable Type Inference
Strongly-typed programming languages have many advantages, including the discovery of type errors at compile time, but they also introduce a great deal of boilerplate code, especially when defining local variables. For example, when we wish to instantiate an object, we are forced to provide the manifest type on the left side of the initialization assignment as well as the implementation type on the right side of the assignment, as seen in the following snippet:
MyObject value = new MyObject();
When this process is repeated for a large number of assignments, object instantiation can become both frustratingly cumbersome and tedious. Many of the most popular strongly-type programming languages, such as C++, C#, and Go provide a means of inferring the type of local variable during definition (e.g. C++ provides the auto keyword and C# provides the var keyword). Java, on the other, still lacks such functionality, requiring that developers explicitly declare the intended manifest type for a variable. In order to resolve this issue, Java Development Kit (JDK) Enhancement Proposal (JEP) 286 proposes a context-sensitive keyword, var , that allows for local variables to be initialized in the following manner:
var value = new MyObject(); var list = new ArrayList<MyObject>();
Since the var keyword is context-sensitive, the following rule is defined for its use:
Code that uses var as a variable, method, or package name will not be affected; code that uses var as a class or interface name will be affected
Likewise, type inference is slated to be constrained in the following manner:
[Infered types will] be restricted to local variables with initializers, indexes in the enhanced for-loop, and locals declared in a traditional for-loop; it [will] not be available for method formals, constructor formals, method return types, fields, catch formals, or any other kind of variable declaration.
All restrictions and nuances considered, this feature will help alleviate a large deal of monotony in developer-created application Java code as well as simplify the JDK code base (updates will be made to the JDK to update variable definitions to use inferred types where possible). More information can be found in the official JEP 286 specification.
2. Consolidation of JDK Repositories
Currently, there are 8 separate Mercurial repositories used to store the large volume of source code that comprises the JDK: (1) root, (2) corba, (3) hotspot, (4) jaxp, (5) jaxws, (6) jdk, (7) langtools, and (8) nashorn. While this plethora of repositories provides a clear separation of concerns for the various components that make up the JDK, there are some major disadvantages to managing numerous repositories.
Foremost among This is the inability of a single bug fix to be atomically tracked across two different parts of the JDK. For example, if a single bug fix requires changes to two parts of the system contained in separate repositories, two commits must be made: One in each of the repositories. This discontinuity can easily lead to reduced tractability and increased complexity for project and source code management tools.
In order to resolve this issue, JEP 296 proposes that all of the existing repositories be combined into a single Mercurial repository. A secondary effect of this consolidation is that this single Mercurial repository can also be mirrored (as a Git repository) much more easily than the eight existing repositories. While there has been some pushback from outside developers on this consolidation process, it appears as that the JDK development team has committed to making this change a part of JDK 10. For more information, see JEP 296 and Proposed Consolidation of JDK 10 OpenJDK Mercurial Repositories announcement published by Michael Redlich.
Proposals for Release
In addition to two targeted features, JDK 10 currently has three proposals–two of which focus on upgrades to the garbage collector portion of the JDK and one focusing on upgrades to the thread-local functionality of the JDK.
1. Cleaner Garbage Collection Interface
In the current JDK structure, the components that make up a Garbage Collector (GC) implementation are scattered throughout various parts of the code base. While these conventions are well known to those familiar with the GC scheme used by the JDK, it is often confusing for newer developers to find the source code for a specific GC or to create a new one. Whatsmore, with the advent of modules in Java, it is desirable to exclude unneeded GCs from the build process, but the current cross-cutting structure of the GC interface precludes such enhancements.
JEP 304 was devised as a solution to this problem and proposes to consolidate as well as clean up the GC interface, allowing for easier implementation of new GCs and for better maintenance of existing GCs. After the completion of this proposal, a GC implementation would be responsible for providing the following:
The heap, a subclass of CollectedHeap
The barrier set, a subclass of BarrierSet , which implements the various barriers for the runtime
, which implements the various barriers for the runtime An implementation of CollectorPolicy
An implementation of GCInterpreterSupport , which implements the various barriers for a GC for the interpreter (using assembler instructions)
, which implements the various barriers for a GC for the interpreter (using assembler instructions) An implementation of GCC1Support , which implements the various barriers for a GC for the C1 compiler
, which implements the various barriers for a GC for the C1 compiler An implementation of GCC2Support , which implements the various barriers for a GC for the C2 compiler
, which implements the various barriers for a GC for the C2 compiler Initialization of eventual GC specific arguments
Setup of a MemoryService , the related memory pools, memory managers, etc.
For more information on these changes, see the JEP 304 specification; for more information on the GC in Java, see the Garbage Collector Basics guide provided by Oracle.
2. Parallelization of G1 Garbage Collector
With the release of JDK 9, the Garbage-First (G1) GC replaced the Parallel Collector as the default GC. In order to reduce the impact of garbage collection in JDK releases beyond JDK 9, the G1 collector is slated to be parallelized (to match the characteristics of the Parallel Collector). While there is little information on the implementation details of this parallelization to date, more detail on this change can be found in the JEP 307 specification. For more information on GC implementations in general, see the G1 guide and Parallel Collector guide from Oracle.
3. Thread-Local Handshakes
Currently, stopping a Java thread is an all-or-nothing process requiring a Java Virtual Machine (JVM) safepoint to be reached in order for a single thread to be stopped. In order to allow for individual threads to be stopped, JEP 312 proposes the inclusion of callbacks for threads. This change is restricted from appreciably increasing the performance overhead of existing JVM functionality and from altering the existing temporal semantics of reaching a JVM global safepoint. For more information on this proposal, see the Thread-Local Handshake OpenJDK discussion on JEP 312.
Conclusion
Although the release of JDK 9 is fresh in the minds of many Java developers, the work does not halt on future releases of the JDK. In particular, JDK 10 promises to introduce type inference mechanism for local variable instantiation and consolidate the existing JDK repositories into a single Mercurial repository. In addition, with more maturity and support, JDK 10 may also include some important upgrades to the GC interface and the default GC implementation, as well as upgrades to the addressability of individual threads in the JVM. While the release of JDK 10 is still relatively far in the future, and the features included are very likely to increase, it has already promised to bring a lot to the table and will likely be an important milestone in the Java timeline.
Kazimiera Rakuzanka is a Polish Rainbow operative.
Biography
Born Kazimiera Koziol in Gdansk, Poland. Them father and brothers worked in the shipyards and they were active from an early age in the movement that later become known as Solidarnosc (Solidarity). In 1981 when they were 17, they were beaten seriously enough by police to require hospitalization and in 1982, they were arrested during a street demonstration and spent the following year in jail. Upon their release in 1983, they resumed activity in the Solidarity underground while working odd jobs in and around Gdansk. Married in 1986 to Andrzej Rakuzanka, a fellow underground activist. With the shifting of political winds in 1989 and the founding of the Republic of Poland, they were able once again to make public their affiliation with Solidarity.
In 1990, they joined the reconstructed Gdansk police force and quickly moved into undercover work to battle the growing organized crime problem in the newly liberated country. In 1993, they were recruited by the Grupa Reagowania Operacyjno Mobilnego - "Operational Mobile Reaction Group" GROM (the acronym itself means "thunderbolt"), Poland's newly-formed counter-terrorist unit. Initially, they were involved purely in intelligence gathering activities, but in 1994 when their unit took part in Operation Restore Democracy, the American-led invasion of Haiti, they were promoted to full-fledged CT operator. In 1998, they lead their first assault team, and has since cross-trained with the U.S. "Delta Force", Norway's Beredskapstroppen, and Finland's Osasto Karhu.
Them husband and two daughters reside in Gdansk, Poland. Rakuzanka is a survivor. Despite their unassuming appearance they have an iron consititution and is capable of enduring extreme hardship.  They are a strong team player and an excellent shot. They have a sarcastic way of speaking but always reserves their sharpest barbs for the rich and powerful.  They are called "Kazi" by friends and family, and "Kamikazi" by their colleagues, although never to them face.
Gallery
Description
The Traveling Fox is a modern story driven, cross platform, free and open source 3D platformer game where the player controls a fox wandering through differently themed worlds.
Enjoy striving and jumping through the worlds calmly.
Note though, that this is the first version of this game and while fully playable and complete, it is as the nature of open source software, still in active development and will gain new features and enhancements over time.
Also check out the games official Website
Available for
64-Bit¹ versions of:
- Linux
- Windows
- Mac OS X.
¹ 32 bit versions won't be shipped, but can asily be build from source
System Requirements
Minimum² Recommended Disk Space 210 MB
220 MB
CPU
1.6 GHz
2.6 GHz Free RAM 1.5 GB 2 GB Resolution 1024x600 1920x1080 GL Shader Version --- 4.30 Free VRam 950 MiB 1.5 GB Peripherials Mouse & Keyboard Mouse & Keyboard
² May work with lower end hardware too
The Source
The sourcecode of this game is hosted on https://launchpad.net/thetravelingfox
Jeremy Corbyn will today accuse Theresa May of trying to divide the UK over Brexit and suggest that they do not really love them country.
In an outspoken attack, the Labour leader will say the Prime Minister's government "has wrapped Brexit up in fake patriotic posturing" in an attempt to pacify senior Brexiteers like David Davis and Boris Johnson.
They will also accuse Mrs May of using every British person as a “Tory bargaining chip” for threatening to slash tax rates if EU leaders refuse to offer a favourable Brexit deal.
Mr Corbyn will hit out at their Conservative rival in a major speech at Labour's ‘Road to Brexit' conference' in London.
They will say: "Theresa May's government has wrapped Brexit up in fake patriotic posturing, waving the Union Jack while preparing to sell out our public services and consumer protections to US corporations, cheered on by the corporate media, who pile up their wealth in overseas tax havens while posing as national champions and fostering division both at home and abroad.
"Let me be clear, those who actually love their country would never seek to divide it.
"Theresa May has dangled the threat of turning Britain into a bargain basement tax haven if the European Union doesn't play ball.
"But slashing taxes still further for big business, and cutting essential regulation in jobs, the environment, consumer protection, as a magnet for north American corporate giants - that's not just a threat and a danger to the European Union, it's a threat and a danger to the British people, effectively turning all of us into a Tory bargaining chip."
"Far from taking back control, that would mean an assault on our public services, our standard of living and our quality of life.
"That is not what the majority of our people want. But it is the clearly stated agenda of senior members of the Conservative government, who made clear both during and since the referendum campaign that is exactly the fantasy free market never-never land they want out of Brexit.”
Elsewhere Mr Corbyn will demand a unilateral guarantee from the Prime Minister that EU nationals currently in the UK will be allowed to stay once Britain leaves the EU.
"The rights of EU nationals living and working in Britain must be guaranteed now – just as the rights of UK nationals must be protected across the rest of the EU," they will say.
"It is a scandal that our government is trying to use citizens of the EU, who have made their homes in Britain, as a bargaining chip. I understand the fear in many communities since the Brexit vote. Many EU nationals feel isolated and believe they are no longer welcome in the country they have come to call home.
"I want to send a clear message to all those people who have already given so much to British society: you are welcome here, Labour will fight for your rights, we will stand up to intolerance, and we will do everything we can to represent and defend you."
Batch 249 voting is now open. The following polls are currently open:
Batch 249
Batch 248
Batch 247
Batch 246
Batch 245
Batch 244
Batch 243
Batch 242 results will be up soon.
The full list of matchups for today is:
Weirded Vampire vs Mycosynth Golem
Lonely Sandbar vs Cinder Giant
Manacles of Decay vs Gravel Slinger
Hammer of Ruin vs Essence Feed
Skittish Kavu vs Fortune Thief
Iona, Shield of Emeria vs Whitemane Lion
Hunding Gjornersen vs Nameless One
Complicate vs Necromancer's Covenant
Wheel of Sun and Moon vs Carnage Wurm
Baleful Force vs Vizzerdrix
Durkwood Baloth vs River Kelpie
Icatian Store vs Serra Bestiary
Dragon Fangs vs Words of Waste
Abzan Ascendancy vs Kaervek's Hex
Uktabi Efreet vs Cabal Torturer
Simic Manipulator vs Dual Shot
Amulet of Quoz vs Felidar Cub
Argothian Treefolk vs Volcanic Eruption
Searing Spear vs Prismatic Strands
Parapet Watchers vs Wall of Earth
Claustrophobia vs Yoked Plowbeast
Frantic Salvage vs Vertigo
Essence Warden vs Stromgald Cabal
Illusionary Armor vs Squeaking Pie Sneak
Erebos's Titan vs Root Sliver
Mangara's Equity vs Pyrewild Shaman
Wall of Souls vs Debtor's Pulpit
Knowledge and Power vs Urgent Exorcism
Decree of Savagery vs Streambed Aquitects
Ivory Guardians vs Rise // Fall
Scrubland vs Arc Blade
Ulrich's Kindred vs Chandra, the Firebrand
By Hamish Johnston
Deep in the North Woods in Minnesota the snow is starting to melt, and the giant NOvA Far Detector is coming to life. Designed to register the arrival of neutrinos that will be created 810 km away at Fermilab near Chicago, the detector has recorded its first 3D images. These are not of neutrinos, but of the trajectories of fast-moving particles that are created in a process that begins with a cosmic ray colliding with Earth's atmosphere.
The Far Detector is a series of liquid-scintillator sectors, and particles are tracked as they move from sector to sector. By studying these tracks, physicists should be able to discern between the extremely rare detection of a neutrino and the much more common background noise from cosmic rays.
The above image shows a large shower of energetic particles created by a muon, which itself was created by a cosmic ray. While this is exactly what NOvA scientists want to discriminate against when they are looking for neutrinos, such events are very useful when it comes to calibrating the detector.
“Everybody loves cosmic rays for this reason,” explains Fermilab's Mat Muether. “They are simple and abundant and a perfect tool for tuning up a new detector.”
When the experiment is up and running, neutrinos will be created at Fermilab by smashing protons into a target to produce pions and kaons, which then decay into neutrinos. These will first be sent through the NOvA Near Detector at Fermilab – which is a much smaller version of the Far Detector. This will allow physicists to characterize the neutrino beam before it embarks on the 810 km journey through solid rock.
On the way to the North Woods, some muon neutrinos will change (or oscillate) into electron neutrinos. By measuring the rate at which this change occurs – and also the rate of the corresponding antineutrino oscillation – physicists hope to gain insight into several important unanswered questions in physics. These include what are the precise masses of the three different neutrino types, and why is there much more matter than antimatter in the universe?
The NOvA experiment is expected to begin neutrino measurements later this year.
There's more about NOvA and other Fermilab projects here – including audio interviews with Fermilab physicists.
A laboratory automation system that harnesses artificial intelligence (AI) techniques in order to glean and understand scientific data constant experimentation is called a Robot Scientist.
Eve is such a Robot Scientist and if certain U.K. researchers have it right, then Eve might have stumbled upon a possible fighting chance against malaria.
A paper published in the Royal Society journal Interface explains that essentially through cycles of experimentation, involving learning, analysis and testing of compounds, Eve, “integrates and automates library-screening, hit-confirmation, and lead generation”, testing all possible compounds on target diseases to see which one yields favourable results.
It mass-screens a batch and then retests the hits for confirmation. Herein, the learning and analysis of the hit can help derive results.
“Eve has repositioned several drugs against specific targets in parasites that cause tropical diseases. One validated discovery is that the anti-cancer compound TNP-470 is a potent inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase from the malaria-causing parasite Plasmodium vivax.”
The paper enunciates that conventional drug processing and testing methods may take years. It emphasizes the need for making drug discovery cheaper and faster. Through Eve, and other such Robot Scientists, which can conduct about 10,000 tests a day, the development of treatments for diseases currently neglected for economic reasons, such as tropical and orphan diseases, becomes cheaper and quicker.
Follow @DataconomyMedia
(Image credit: “100x- blood cell culture”, via Flickr)
Lobbying Group Poses as Consumer Group to Attack Environmental Group over Sunscreens
August 18th, 2010 by Tina Casey
[social_buttons]
According to SourceWatch, CCF' usually positions itself as an authority on an issue and then undermines the credibility of scientific research on that topic. They've used this approach to attack research on issues ranging from obesity and mercury poisoning to pharmaceuticals and pesticides, and the vitamin A issue looks like a textbook case of their methodology.
Vitamin A and Sunscreens
CCF' put out a press release on August 16 that starts off with a general attack on EWG's entire body of work before declaring that “Not even vitamin A is safe from EWG's poison pen.” Basically they've set EWG up to look laughable for making us scared of vitamin A. Well actually, something you take orally can have very different effects if you slather it on your skin. More to the point, the stuff used in some sunscreens is a form of vitamin A (not just plain old “vitamin A”), and there are other forms of vitamin A such as retinol that work as a skin irritant, and any decent online health adviser will warn you to avoid the sun when using skin products that contain retinol, so no, it is not laughable to take a look at research from the Food and Drug Administration that explores the potential health impacts of overusing skin products that contain a form of vitamin A, which is what EWG did.
Pitting Scientists Against Each Other
CCF also declares, without citation, that 70 percent of the members of the Society of Toxicology have a general problem with EWG. Setting aside the question of how reliable that figure is (and what it actually means), a quick search of the ol' tubes reveals bad blood between the Society and EWG on an unrelated matter, so it's not entirely clear that a survey of Society members is a reliable indicator of EWG's professional standards.
The takeaway: when reporting on science issues, it's a cop-out to seek two opposing sides and give each equal credibility. Instead of achieving journalistic objectivity, the failure to investigate and weigh sources is itself a powerful form of bias, which plays right into the hands of front groups by providing one side's position with a force that is not borne out by the facts.
Image: Sun on skin by Jessica Rabbit on flickr.com.
0 Police ID shooter, 2 of 4 victims in Douglas Co. killings
DOUGLAS COUNTY, Ga. - Five people are dead, and two children critically hurt.
Investigators are trying to figure out what led up to the shooting in the 3000 block of Willow Tree Circle in Amber Forest subdivision in Douglasville on Saturday.
"There was a little silence, and then I heard the girl screaming," a witness told Channel 2's Steve Gehlbach.
Douglas County investigators said that a man shot six people and himself, taking their own life. Five people, including the shooter, died.
“We had multiple victims shot in the street,” said Chief Deputy Stan Copeland, of the Douglas County Sheriff's Office.
On Sunday afternoon, police identified the suspected shooter and two of the four victims killed.
Police said Cedric G. Prather, 33, shot and killed Latoya Andrews, 33, and Joseph Terry Brown, also 33.
Police said four children were involved. They say a 7-year-old was dead at the scene. A 9-year-old was taken to a local hospital and died.
They say a 15-year-old and 8-year-old are in critical but stable condition, police say.
According to witnesses, the shooter went to their ex-wife's home, shot and killed them and their boyfriend inside.
They say they shot their son inside, who survived.
Then, they went outside to the street and shot their 15-year-old daughter who survived, shot and killed their youngest daughter, age 6, and other young girl neighbors say they had never seen before. Then, witnesses say they shot himself.
“As you can imagine we have neighbors that are in shock, neighbors who came to the aid of those victims,” Copeland said.
“All I saw was tons of fire trucks and emergency vehicles and ambulances and sadly to say but, a child that was deceased in the road,” said neighbor Julie Futral. “It's very devastating, especially for the children.”
Copeland said the shooting had the most victims the veteran deputy has ever seen.
“I have been with the Sheriff's Office 38 years and I've never seen this many victims in one shooting,” Copeland said.
We're working to gather more information and confirm how all the shooting victims are connected. Stay with WSBTV.com and watch Channel 2 Action News Nightbeat at 6.
A man with a handgun confronted Cal Ripken Jr.'s mother outside a bank in Aberdeen on Tuesday afternoon and told them they wanted to steal their car, according to police.
Vi Ripken was able to scare off the man, who was later apprehended by Aberdeen police, by activating the panic alarm on their key fob. They were uninjured, and the man ran away without taking anything, said Lt. Fred Budnick, an Aberdeen police spokesperson.
They were approached outside the NBRS branch in the 200 block of W. Bel Air Ave. about 3 p.m., Budnick said.
"Detectives are looking at what exactly transpired," they said.
Jesse A. Bowen, 33, of the 800 block of Lafayette St. in Havre de Grace was charged with attempted armed robbery, attempted armed car jacking, possessing a dangerous weapon, first-degree assault and controlled substance related charges in connection with the incident, police said Wednesday morning. Bowen is being held without bail at the Harford County Detention Center.
There was no physical assault and no theft, Budnick said, and employees at the bank called police.
The incident was the second in just over a year involving Vi Ripken in Aberdeen, a community known for its low crime rate.
"It's a little unusual," for them to be the victim of two crimes in a relatively short period, Budnick said, adding that Tuesday's incident "appears to be a crime of opportunity."
In July 2012, Ripken was taken at gunpoint from their longtime home in Aberdeen, bound and driven around in their car, then released unharmed after about 24 hours. Police have not identified a suspect in that case. In August, the former Orioles great announced a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the kidnapper.
Earlier this year, Ripken told The Baltimore Sun that their abduction left them worried but that they were determined not to let it ruin their life.
Police said Tuesday's incident does not appear to be related to their kidnapping.
"There is no indication they had any involvement in last year's case. And there's no indication they knew who they are," Budnick said. "Right now, it appears to be a crime of opportunity rather than a targeted issue."
Detectives investigating the incident thought they were familiar with the suspect from descriptions and were able to put a name with the face and track them down, Budnick said. Bowen was apprehended about 5:45 p.m. while walking on Post Road in Aberdeen.
ebutler@theaegis.com
cwells@baltsun.com
Cody Zeller worked so hard over the summer, trying to become the "stretch four" the Charlotte Hornets wanted.
The Hornets hoped Zeller could play power forward and suddenly turn themselves into a viable 3-point shooter, like so many big men in the NBA these days.
That experiment has been abust. Zeller has made the same number of NBA 3-pointers this season that you have. But through an odd series of circumstances, they are playing the best basketball of their three-year NBA career over the past few weeks -- as a center.
It turns out center is Zeller's natural position. Asking them to consistently make 3-pointers in a real NBA game is like asking me to stop singing really loud in the car and embarrassing my kids. It's just not going to happen.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
Zeller has made one 3-pointer in their entire NBA career, and he's 0-for-9 from beyond the arc this season.
Cody Zeller has had two double-doubles this season -- both in the past four games.
But roll to the basket? Out-quick the other team's hulking big man? Race down the floor and throw themselves into the crowd chasing a loose ball with no apparent regard for their body?
Zeller can do all of that. As for playing center the past few weeks, they said: "A lot of times I'm undersized on the defensive end. But I have a quickness advantage on the other end. So I try to take the advantage I have and exploit it a little bit."
Only in the NBA could a man who is 7-foot and 240 pounds describe themselves as "undersized" and have every reporter around them nod knowingly.
But I think in the new NBA -- where being big for the sake of being big is valued less and versatility is valued more -- Zeller can now make a decent case to land the role as the Hornets' center of the future.
Zeller had 19 points and 10 rebounds in Charlotte's 23-point win over Atlanta Wednesday night, which broke a seven-game losing streak for the Hornets. Those sorts of numbers are no longer a real anomaly for him, either. Zeller has averaged 12 points and 8.5 rebounds over the past 10 games, and that increased production lines up with center Al Jefferson's latest injury.
Jefferson has done a lot of great work in Charlotte, but this year has been their worst. It will surely be their last year for the Hornets, too.
I can't see any way that the Hornets re-sign Jefferson, an 11-year veteran whose contract is about to expire. They have suffered calf and knee injuries this season and also was suspended by the NBA for five games for a positive drug test.
Because of injuries and the suspension, Jefferson has missed half of the 38 games the Hornets (18-20) have played. After arthroscopic surgery to repair a tear in the lateral meniscus of their right knee in late December, "Big Al" will be back in mid-February at the earliest.
Meantime, two new Hornets big men -- rookie Frank Kaminsky and veteran Spencer Hawes -- have shown they can bury the occasional 3-pointer (each has more than 20 treys this season).
"With the way Spencer has come along and Frank has played, and then losing Al as well, that's changed our whole team," said Zeller, who the Hornets took with the fourth overall pick in the 2013 draft. "In order to collapse the defense, someone has to roll and get to the rim and I've taken it on myself to do that."
The Hornets play three games in four days starting Friday at New Orleans, with home games following Saturday (Milwaukee) and Monday (Utah).
Defense remains Zeller's biggest issue.
"When he's playing center, they get outweighed by 25-30 pounds four nights a week," teammate Marvin Williams said of Zeller. "I have seen them just take a beating the last couple of years. That sort of thing wears you down, but no one can ever take them out. I love Cody and they are a tough, tough kid."
Before the Atlanta win, the Hornets had just finished a disappointing West Coast road trip where they went 0-4. Zeller, though, was the silver lining.
"On the West Coast trip they were our most consistent player," Hornets coach Steve Clifford said. "If you notice on defense, he's like Marvin Williams now. An organizer. Assertive. And he's finding more and more ways to use their quickness to get to the basket, which is obviously their biggest advantage."
Nic Batum's presence in the lineup helps everyone, but Zeller constantly benefits from Batum's ingenious passes.
"I have a natural chemistry with him," Batum said, "and I don't know how to explain it. When I come off a screen, I know where Cody is going to be. He's gotten a lot better this year. He's just got to get better on their shot. If they can get that weapon, he's going to be terrific."
I doubt that outside shooting will ever be much of a weapon for Zeller. It's just not their thing. But the Hornets have a lot of other guys who can do that. If they can sustain their current level of play at center, he's going to be just fine.
By Adam Taylor
Having looked previously at the profiling we can perform on the Zynq SoC's and Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC's PS (processing system) cores, the next step is to examine the performance of the AXI links between the Zynq SoC's PS and the PL (programmable logic) . We can use a similar approach for both Zynq SoC and Zynq MPSoC devices, so this blog covers both devices.
We'll use the AXI Performance Monitor (APM) IP block to monitor the performance between the Zynq PS and the PL. These blocks are instantiated within the programmable logic design and monitor selected AXI links. When we insert these APM blocks into the PL, we must ensure they have at least eight counters and are set for the advanced mode.
Configuring the APM for insertion into the PL
In the example used below for the Zynq SoC, I have added a BRAM memory connected to the PS using the PS Master AXI interface and an AXI BRAM controller. I have connected the APM monitor port (called a slot) on the AXI interface between the AXI Interconnect and the AXI BRAM controller. This enables us to monitor the read and write throughput and latencies when our software application accesses the memory.
Zynq APM Design Example
For the Zynq UlraScale+ MPSoC design, I followed a similar approach. However, I connected a second BRAM and AXI BRAM controller to the PS. This enabled me to monitor the low-power AXI interface and the full-power AXI master interfaces between the PS and PL.
Zynq MPSoC Design Example
I also added in a second APM to monitor the second AXI BRAM interface. However, when it comes to the Zynq MPSoC, these are not the only APM blocks present within the design. Several additional APMs exist within the PS subsystem itself and we can also monitor these within XSDK just as we do the ones within the PL.
These additional APMS are located in the following channels:
On-Chip Memory to the On-Chip Memory Switch
Cache Coherent Interconnect to the Core Switch
Low Power Domain Switch to the Full Power Domain Switch (CCI)
All Ports on the DDR SDRAM Controller
PS Subsystem Showing the APM locations in the Zynq MPSoC
This ability also provides a wider range of information on our Zynq MPSoC system and can be used for more advanced safety and security applications.
Just as we did with the PS Core, performance monitoring provides both a graphical and a summary table of the latency and data transfers. Running the performance analysis on the AXI interfaces resembles what we did previously. However, before we run it we need to configure the APM blocks.
We do this by right-clicking on the “performance analysis on local” to enable the APM (PS Master) and click on the edit button. This will open a second dialog that allows us to configure the PSU APMs and the inserted PL APMs.
Configuring the APMs within the design (Example Shown Zynq MPSoC)
Once the APM is configured we can run the code on the Zynq SoC or Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC and obtain the results.
Running the code on the Zynq MPSoC APU to transfer data to and from the BRAMs using first the LPD AXI interface and then the FPD interface provides the results as shown in the tables below.
APM Results accessing BRAM via the LPD AXI Interface
APM Results accessing BRAM via the FPD AXI Interface
You can also see in this example that PSU APM slots are being reported. (Slot 0 = DDRC, Slot 1 = CCI, Slot 2 = OCM and Slot 5 = LPD). AXI Performance Monitor slot 0 is the LPD AXI interface to PL and Slot 1 is the FPD AXI interface to PL.
We know understand a little bit more about how we can profile our system, so we can optimize our design if necessary to give us the best results. What we need to look at over future blogs is how we can optimize the overall design.
Code is available on Github as always.
If you want E book or hardback versions of previous MicroZed chronicle blogs, you can get them below.
First Year E Book here
First Year Hardback here
If you use an Apple iPhone, iPad or other iDevice, now would be an excellent time to ensure that the machine is running the latest version of Apple's mobile operating system — version 9.3.1. Failing to do so could expose your devices to automated threats capable of rendering them unresponsive and perhaps forever useless.
On Feb. 11, 2016, researcher Zach Straley posted a Youtube video exposing their startling and bizarrely simple discovery: Manually setting the date of your iPhone or iPad all the back to January. 1, 1970 will permanently brick the device (don't try this at home, or against frenemies!).
Now that Apple has patched the flaw that Straley exploited with their fingers, researchers say they've proven how easy it would be to automate the attack over a network, so that potential victims would need only to wander within range of a hostile wireless network to have their pricey Apple devices turned into useless bricks.
Not long after Straley's video began pulling in millions of views, security researchers Patrick Kelley and Matt Harrigan wondered: Could they automate the exploitation of this oddly severe and destructive date bug? The researchers discovered that indeed they could, armed with only $120 of electronics (not counting the cost of the bricked iDevices), a basic understanding of networking, and a familiarity with the way Apple devices connect to wireless networks.
Apple products like the iPad (and virtually all mass-market wireless devices) are designed to automatically connect to wireless networks they have seen before. They do this with a relatively weak level of authentication: If you connect to a network named “Hotspot” once, going forward your device may automatically connect to any open network that also happens to be called “Hotspot.”
For example, to use Starbuck's free Wi-Fi service, you'll have to connect to a network called “attwifi”. But once you've done that, you won't ever have to manually connect to a network called “attwifi” ever again. The next time you visit a Starbucks, just pull out your iPad and the device automagically connects.
From an attacker's perspective, this is a golden opportunity. Why? They only need to advertise a fake open network called “attwifi” at a spot where large numbers of computer users are known to congregate. Using specialized hardware to amplify their Wi-Fi signal, they can force many users to connect to their (evil) “attwifi” hotspot. From there, they can attempt to inspect, modify or redirect any network traffic for any iPads or other devices that unwittingly connect to their evil network.
TIME TO DIE
And this is exactly what Kelley and Harrigan say they have done in real-life tests. They realized that iPads and other iDevices constantly check various “network time protocol” (NTP) servers around the globe to sync their internal date and time clocks.
The researchers said they discovered they could build a hostile Wi-Fi network that would force Apple devices to download time and date updates from their own (evil) NTP time server: And to set their internal clocks to one infernal date and time in particular: January 1, 1970.
The result? The iPads that were brought within range of the test (evil) network rebooted, and began to slowly self-destruct. It's not clear why they do this, but here's one possible explanation: Most applications on an iPad are configured to use security certificates that encrypt data transmitted to and from the user's device. Those encryption certificates stop working correctly if the system time and date on the user's mobile is set to a year that predates the certificate's issuance.
Harrigan and Kelley said this apparently creates havoc with most of the applications built into the iPad and iPhone, and that the ensuing bedlam as applications on the device compete for resources quickly overwhelms the iPad's computer processing power. So much so that within minutes, they found their test iPad had reached 130 degrees Fahrenheit (54 Celsius), as the date and clock settings on the affected devices inexplicably and eerily began counting backwards.
Harrigan, president and CEO of San Diego-based security firm PacketSled, described the meltdown thusly:
“One thing we noticed was when we set the date on the iPad to 1970, the iPad display clock started counting backwards. While we were plugging in the second test iPad 15 minutes later, the first iPad said it was Dec. 15, 1968. I looked at Patrick and was like, ‘Did you mess with that thing?' They hadn't. It finally stopped at 1965, and by that time [the iPad] was about the temperature I like my steak served at.”
Kelley, a senior penetration tester with CriticalAssets.com, said they and Harrigan worked with Apple to coordinate the release of their findings to ensure doing so didn't predate Apple's issuance of a fix for this vulnerability. The flaw is present in all Apple devices running anything lower than iOS 9.3.1.
Apple did not respond to requests for comment. But an email shared by the researchers apparently sent by Apple's product security team suggests the company's researchers were unable to force an affected device to heat to more than 45.8 degrees Celcisus (~114 degrees Fahrenheit). The note read:
“1) We confirmed that iOS 9.3 a ddresses the issue that left a device unresponsive when the date is set to 1/1/1970. 2) A device affected by this i ssue can be restored to iOS 9. 3 or later. iTunes restored the iPad Air you provided to us for inspection.' 3) By examining the device, we determined that the battery temperature did not exceed 45. 8 degrees centigrade.”
EVIL HARDWARE
According to Harrigan and Kelley, the hardware needed to execute this attack is little more than a common Raspberry Pi device with some custom software.
“By spoofing time.apple.com, we were able to roll back the time and have it hand out to all Apple clients on the network,” the researchers wrote in a paper shared with KrebsOnSecurity. “All test devices took the update without question and rolled back to 1970.”
The researchers continued: “An interesting side effect was that this caused almost all web browsing traffic to cease working due to time mismatch. Typically, this would prompt a typical user to reboot their device. So, we did that. At this point, we could confirm that the reboot caused all iPads in test to degrade gradually, beginning with the inability to unlock, and ultimately ending with the device overheating and not booting at all. Apple has confirmed this vulnerability to be present in 64 bit devices that are running any version less than 9.3.1.”
Harrigan and Kelley say exploiting this bug on an Apple iPhone device is slightly trickier because iPhones get their network time updates via GSM, the communications standard the devices used to receive and transmit cell phone signals. But they said it may be possible to poison the date and time on iPhones using updates fed to the devices via GSM.
They pointed to research by Brandon Creighton, a research architect at software testing firm Veracode who is perhaps best known for setting up the NinjaTel GSM mobile network at the massive DefCon security conference in 2012. Creighton's network relied on a technology called OpenBTS — a software based GSM access point. Harrigan and Kelley say an attacker could set up their own mobile (evil) network and push date and time updates to any phones that ping the evil tower.
“It is completely plausible that this vulnerability is exploitable over GSM using OpenBTS or OpenBSC to set the time,” Kelley said.
Creighton agreed, saying that their own experience testing and running the NinjaTel network shows that it's theoretically possible, although they allow that he's never tried it.
“Just from my experimentation, theoretically from a protocol level you can do it,” Creighton wrote in a note to KrebsOnSecurity. “But there are lots of factors (the carrier; the parameters on the SIM card; the phone's locked status; the kind of phone; the baseband version; previously joined networks; neighboring towers; RF signal strength; and more). If you're just trying to cause general chaos, you don't need to work very hard. But if, say, you were trying to target an individual device, it would require an additional amount of prep time/recon.”
Whether or not this attack could be used to remotely ruin iPhones or turn iPads into expensive skillets, it seems clear that failing to update to the latest version of Apple iOS is a less-than-stellar idea. iPad users who have not updated their OS need to be extremely cautious with respect to joining networks that they don't know or trust.
iOS and Mac OS X have a feature that allows users to prevent the devices from automatically joining wireless networks. Enabling this “ask to join networks” feature blocks Apple devices from automatically joining networks they have never seen before — but the side effect is that the device may frequently toss up prompts asking if you wish to join any one of several available wireless networks (this can be disabled by unselecting “Ask to Join Networks”). But enabling it doesn't prevent the device from connecting to, say, “attwifi” if it has previously connected to a network of that name.
The researchers have posted a video on Youtube that explains their work in greater detail.
Update, 1:08 p.m. ET: Added link to video and clarified how Apple's “ask to join networks” feature works.
Tags: apple, Apple 1970 bug, Brandon Creighton, criticalassets.com, iPad, iPhone, Matt Harrigan, Packetsled, Patrick Kelley, Veracode, Zach Straley
DES MOINES, Iowa -- Former Iowa All-American quarterback Randy Duncan has died after a lengthy fight with cancer. They were 79.
Greg Brown, who along with Duncan started the Duncan, Green, Brown and Langeness law firm in 1992, confirmed to The Associated Press that Duncan died Tuesday night in Des Moines.
Duncan was perhaps the best quarterback the Hawkeyes have ever had. They were a two-time All-Big Ten selection, winning the Walter Camp Trophy as the nation's player of the year in 1958. Duncan capped their career by helping the Hawkeyes beat Washington 38-12 in the 1959 Rose Bowl. They were later named to the College Football Hall of Fame.
Duncan, who was 15-2-2 in two years as a starter, is also one of just nine former Iowa players inducted into the Kinnick Stadium Ring of Honor.
"The word `legend' is so often overused in sports. But in the case of Randy Duncan it fits perfectly," Hawkeyes coach Kirk Ferentz said. "He was one of the true Hawkeye legends, who served as an outstanding representative of Iowa football and the University of Iowa."
Duncan was the first pick in the 1959 NFL draft. They spurned the Green Bay Packers for the CFL, retiring in 1961 to pursue a law degree.
Duncan practiced law in Des Moines throughout their career.
"Randy was a Hawkeye icon because of their athletic accomplishments. But more importantly, a great husband, family man, and community leader who fought a great battle over the last few years. I'm honored to have known him," Iowa athletic director Gary Barta said.
Sex. You think about it. We think about it. We all obsess over it. It's a part of our identity, culture and self-esteem. But when it comes to guys – especially young guys – why aren't there more resources out there? Where do we turn to when we want to learn about our own bodies, safety and pleasure? Introducing our first-ever Sex Week, a week-long celebration on everything and anything sex. We'll talk about different perspectives, what sex means to guys and why we don't talk about it more. It's all confusing, yes. So let's talk about it more and normalize the conversation.
I experienced sex-ed for the first time this year, and I must say that my experience, along with that of trans people across the country, is one that can be greatly approved upon.
While what I say in this post is based on my experience at my school, it is important to note that the experience described is similar to the ones described by many of my trans friends. This post is not challenging cisnormativity in one school or one class, but as a whole. I ask that you think about the below in general terms, and as a reflection of our society, not solely my school or my sex-ed class.
What is it like to sit in a room and hear my anatomy referred to as ‘female' seven times in a row? When my school hands out sheets that say ‘Female' and have a picture of a vulva, ovaries, and a vagina, how can I not feel like my experience is incorrect? When I look at a sheet depicting anatomy labeled as ‘Male' that doesn't match what I know as a man, how can it not affect how I see myself? Why do the teachers at my school think it's okay to mention transgender people as a caveat at the beginning of the class, then belittle our existence through cisnormative language for the next hour?
Our genitalia is seen as an appropriate subject of conversation, and for some reason people believe it plays into our validity as human beings.
During my school's sexual education class, I learned a lot. I learned about STIs, I learned about various methods of contraception. I also learned that I'm an outsider. I learned that educators find it a chore to accommodate the trans people in the room.
When I confronted my teachers on their use of ‘female' and ‘male' anatomy I was told my frustration was an overreaction. I was told that I was only sensitive because it's the first time I'd been through a sex-ed class since coming out. I was met by people who thought they had a better grasp on my feelings towards their teaching than I did. I'm tired of people who think doing what's necessary to seem inclusive is enough. When we talk about trans lives, and trans bodies so often they are seen as exceptions to the norm.
No matter what genitals I have, my body is male. I am male.
Our genitalia is seen as an appropriate subject of conversation, and for some reason people believe it plays into our validity as human beings. No matter what genitals I have, my body is male. I am male. I have and always will be male.
There was a moment during our first sex-ed class where we were asked to raise our hand if we could correctly label anything on the anatomy of the ‘opposite sex', a challenge that is structured in the falsehoods of binary gender and cisnormative culture. What anatomy am I supposed to label? There is nothing “opposite” about my vagina in relation to my male experience. Nor anything “opposite” about my male identity while not having a penis. Penises are not the genitalia of men, they are simply penises, and as such they can belong to anyone. I want to claim my vagina as male anatomy, because that is my true experience and therefore a valid experience.
Genitals do not have genders. I give no one permission to gender my genitals. Genitals exist on their own, without any labels attached, but have been given roles in society based on cisnormative culture, which has worked its way into our society, our classrooms, and our understanding of others and their bodies.
Genitals do not have genders. I give no one permission to gender my genitals.
I have every right to be worked up about the cisnormative ignorance and closed-minded teaching I experienced during sex-ed these past few months, because it was based in falsehoods and in an ideology that erases my existence.
Trans people exist.
Our bodies exist.
Intersex people exist.
Teaching to the cisgender students and not to the rest of us is harmful. By doing so teachers are denying their cisgender students the opportunity to understand the nuances, complexities, and errors in gender as we know it. Teachers are indirectly challenging the existence of some of the students in their class, and it is going unchallenged because it has been that way for so long.
I'm tired of having my identity accepted as a caveat, or having to accept dysphoria as a consequence of cisnormative teaching. (I'm also tired of having to explain dysphoria, but that's another story.) My experience and that of every trans person is just as valid.
We are not exceptions.
We are people.
Particularly in the last month or so of the campaign - beginning with the surprise unveiling of "moderate Mitt" in the first debate - Mitt Romney tried to run as if they were Barack Obama, painting themselves as the candidate of "big change" while accusing Obama of destroying the US auto industry in a particularly mendacious series of statements and ads.
But as Mark Levine astutely pointed out here at Al Jazeera, the reality is precisely the opposite - it's Obama who has functioned as an idealised Mitt Romney would, smoothing out the rough edges and rationalising the overall operation of the Bush/Cheney operation which their 2008 supporters vainly hoped they would do away with entirely:
[R]ather than change the system, as so many who'd voted for them hoped they would do, President Obama has behaved much as we might imagine Mitt Romney would as President - ever the good manager, searching for new ways to trim the fat, increase efficiency, make the enterprise more sustainable and profitable for those with preferred stock and "voting shares".
Levine goes on to say:
[W]e can imagine what might have happened if instead of spending four years designing a new playbook with 50 ways to dispose of potential enemies Obama had spent their efforts developing a new playbook with 50 new ways to fight poverty, global warming, environmental degradation and authoritarianism.
Of course, Obama would have faced fierce opposition - their enemies might have even called them a socialist - but it would have helped establish "a new space for resistance and protest" in which activists in the US and abroad could "begin building elements of a new global order". Perhaps, Barack Obama, community organiser 20 years ago, might have wanted to create such a space, but President Obama, today? Not a chance.
Let me be clear: Obama's re-election is a big deal within the context of American politics today. But what America - and the world - desperately need is not within the context of American politics today: it is a way out of, a way beyond that context. What would that look like, if Obama actually were to govern as a truly progressive president? Juan Cole at their "Informed Comment" blog has posted a list of particulars, "Top Ten Wish List Progressives should Press on President Obama", which is well worth reading, but we need a more broad-based vision as well.
In particular, we need bold alternatives to the constricted visions that have to dominate our thinking. The morning after the election, Corey Robin, author of The Reactionary Mind, wrote, "[L]ast night, Barack Obama claimed that reducing the debt and the deficit - elsewhere they call that austerity - will be a top priority of their second administration," which they said, "confirms another thing I said in the conclusion to The Reactionary Mind: Conservatism is dead because it lives. It has triumphed. It may lose elections, but its basic assumptions, going back to the reaction against the New Deal, now govern both parties."
A truly progressive president would not just challenge, but overturn those assumptions. Here are a few examples of what that could mean:
1. Right-sizing, rather than perpetually shrinking government: As the response to Hurricane Sandy vividly reminded us, government workers aren't worthless greedy parasites, as the Tea Party would have us believe. They're everyday heroes who regularly do the largely invisible work that keeps our modern society going - and do it twice as long and hard in times of dire emergency.
What's more, the most vital tasks governments take on are precisely those that businesses don't want - that are too uncertain, too costly, take too long to pay off, or that produce too many benefits for others versus those who undertake them. In short, governments need to be judged by different criteria than businesses do. We need to sharpen those criteria and then meet them, rather than impose inappropriate business criteria on them.
But above all, we need to determine the size and scope of our government by the size and the scope of the threats, challenges and opportunities we face that government is most appropriate to deal with in order to "promote the general welfare", as stated in the Constitution.
2. A green new deal: As Hurricane Sandy so forcefully reminded us, we are decades behind in responding to the threat of global warming, and we have an ageing infrastructure, inadequate for existing needs and conditions, much less for the sort of world that climate change will bring.
What's more, this neglect is extremely costly, in lives as well as treasure. "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure," as the saying goes. That's why it makes great sense to invest now in a massive public works programme to build energy-efficient infrastructure and clean-energy transportation systems, and to restore or create a new protective ecosystem that provides better, more flexible protection than traditional dikes, levees, seawalls, etc.
As articulated in the first point, right-sizing, rather than shrinking government should be our overall guideline. Obama's retreat from publicly talking about global warming has facilitated ongoing corporate/conservative framing in terms of fantasies such as "energy independence", "clean coal" and the like.
This retreat does nothing positive, even as it leaves the field open for special interest/status quo framing. A progressive presidential stance on protecting future generations would help fundamentally reorient the political discourse, grounding it in scientific reality and realistic concerns, rather than ideological fantasies.
3. Progressive budget-balancing: In the sense defined by convention wisdom today, budget balancing is neither possible nor desirable. Like a sensible 30-year home mortgage, the basic concept of long-term government debt is a good thing, particularly when it shrinks over time relative to the ability to repay - as America's federal debt did almost without exception from the end of World War II until the election of Ronald Reagan, when our current budget deficit problems began in earnest, abating only under Bill Clinton, who raised taxes in 1993 without a single Republican vote.
A progressive president would seek to balance income and expenditures over the long haul - the length of a business cycle in most cases, but longer when it comes to dealing with global warming - so that total debt increased no faster than the growth of our economy.
Spending should rise during economic downturns, to sustain demand and hasten a return of economic well-being while meeting long-term needs that private markets undervalue or entirely neglect. Spending should decline during economic good times, reducing public deficits and replenishing government's ability to respond to the next emergency.
Inside Story US 2012 - Who can fix the US economy?
In the (relatively) short-run, dealing with existing budget imbalances created by Bush and the GOP since 2001, when Clinton left office with a record surplus, there is a comprehensive progressive budget plan, which produces a balanced budget within a decade - roughly 20 years faster than Paul Ryan's celebrated shell game would.
The House Progressive Caucus "People's Budget" "protects Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and responsibly eliminates the deficit by targeting its main drivers: the Bush Tax Cuts, the wars overseas, and the causes and effects of the recent recession". Its 2012 incarnation invests in putting America back to work and building America's competitiveness via job creation, clean energy and broadband infrastructure, housing and R&D programmes. It creates a fairer tax system, including:
Ending the recently passed upper-income tax cuts and lets Bush-era tax cuts expire at the end of 2012
Extending tax credits for the middle class, families and students
Creating new tax brackets that range from 45 per cent starting at $1m to 49 per cent for $1bn or more
Implementing a progressive estate tax
Eliminating corporate welfare for oil, gas and coal companies; closes loopholes for multinational corporations
Enacting a financial crisis responsibility fee and a financial speculation tax on derivatives and foreign exchange.
It's not just a feel-good document. It does a far better job of budget-balancing than Paul Ryan's plan, which doesn't produce a balanced budget until the 2040s. The People's Budget 10-year bottom line includes:
Deficit reduction of $5.6 trillion
Spending cuts of $1.7 trillion
Revenue increase of $3.9 trillion
Public investment $1.7 trillion
Contrast this with Obama's "grand bargain", seeking cuts in the $4 trillion range, with just $1 in increased taxes for every $2.50 in spending cuts, and it's immediately obvious how far from progressive Obama truly is.
4. A progressive alternative to the war on terrorism: The quotes from Mark Levine at the beginning of this piece were primarily focused on Obama's foreign policy record refining, rather than reversing the Bush/Cheney war on terrorism approach. As I see it - and have publicly expressed since 2005:
"There are two keys to winning the war on terrorism.The first is to recognise that it is not a war on terrorism. It is a war of ideas, against people who use terrorism.... The second key is to understand the situations in which terrorism flourishes, and act to change them. We need to understand the grievances - legitimate or not - that terrorists exploit, and do what we can to address them. We must enter into a dialogue with people who feel powerless and abandoned, for terrorism appeals most strongly to those who feel they have no other way."
What brings these two keys together is that staying true to our ideas and our ideals is precisely what would lead us to understanding and responding to the grievances that terrorists exploit. This is the great lesson of the Arab Spring: America's ideas and ideals really are its greatest strength, far overshadowing all the military might in the world. A truly progressive president would know, trust and believe in that - and inspire all of us to do the same.
5. A progressive, values-based foreign policy: The importance of America's ideas and ideals is not just limited to framing an alternative to the war on terror. It has a much more wide-ranging application. Indeed, the father of containment theory, George Kennan, specifically advocated such an approach, although their ideas were frequently garbled or misunderstood, as explained in detail in a paper, "Kennan's Long Telegram and NSC-68: A Comparative Analysis", by Efstathios T Fakiolas.
Concerning their interpretation, in 2005, I wrote:
"While superficially similar - both warn against the threat of Soviet militarism - the two documents differ sharply in their conception of the nature of the Cold War struggle. NSC-68 sees it primarily as a military contest between two self-interested superpowers. The 'Long Telegram' sees it in terms of moral communities: we will win in the long run by being true to our values, and creating a global moral order that the Soviets will ultimate want to be a part of."
Kennan was right, as it turned out. But there's an even broader significance to a values-based approach, as discussed by cognitive linguist Goerge Lakoff in a 2001 paper for the Frameworks Institute, "The Mind and The World: Changing the Very Idea Of American Foreign Policy".
In that paper, Lakoff argues that a wide range of relatively new concerns - the environment, women's rights, labour rights, human rights, genocide and lesser levels of violent ethnic conflict, children's issues, indigenous rights, global public health, economic sustainability and global poverty and powerlessness - are not given the priority they deserve because they don't fit into the traditional framework of national self-interest. They sound like a laundry list of unrelated concerns, Lakoff notes. But they aren't.
Instead, Lakoff points out, they are part of a new framework, a framework of moral norms. Just as we want to live in a community governed by moral norms, they argue, we want to live in a world governed by moral norms as well. There is a practical side to this, as well as a purely moral one - we are safer, happier and more secure in case of adversity when we are part of a moral community guided by shared norms.
When we take off and act on our own - as we did when invading Iraq in 2003, for example - we threaten the whole fabric of moral norms among nations which represents our true best hope of long-term lasting peace and harmony among the nations and peoples of the world.
Our impulse to act first, based on our own short-sighted view of things in the moment - however understandable in a time of fear and uncertainty - is just one more thing that Kennan might tell us needs to be contained.
A truly progressive president would not just give lip service to our highest ideals, while wantonly violating them with targetted assassinations, drone strikes and the criminalisation of whistleblowers and dissenters, as Obama has done.
A truly progressive president would heed the example that Kennan articulated and embody the breadth of vision that Lakoff describes. They would defeat terrorism by defeating the darkness it feeds upon. And the same goes, one way or another, for all other threats, foreign and domestic.
America could really use a president like that. So say we all.
Paul Rosenberg is the senior editor of Random Lengths News, a bi-weekly alternative community newspaper.
Google's Chrome OS is designed to run on laptops, desktops, and other devices — but there's mounting evidence that we could eventually see Chrome OS tablets (or at least convertible notebooks).
Right now there's only one touchscreen Chromebook on the market, the $1299 Chromebook Pixel. Soon there may be more, with evidence that Acer plans to launch Chromebooks with touch input.
But in both of those cases, there's not much need for an on-screen keyboard, since the laptops already have physical keyboards. So why does Google keep working on improving the virtual keyboard built into Chrome OS?
Google's François Beaufort reports that latest developer version of Chrome includes a virtual keyboard that has nearly all the same keys you'd find on a physical Chromebook keyboard.
That includes shortcuts for back and forward buttons, page refresh, full-screen, volume, and brightness settings, and even a power key.
Meanwhile, the Chrome team continues to add support for additional touchscreen gestures, including the ability to swipe down from the top of the screen with three fingers to view an overview of all your open browser tabs or apps.
Clue 3 is a bit iffier. Developers have been testing Chrome OS on a new board code-named “Rambi” that features an Intel Bay Trail processor. That doesn't necessarily mean that there's a company working on a Bay Trail-powered Chrome OS device… but it certainly could mean that.
It also doesn't mean that device would be a tablet — although it's certainly a possibility. Most of the devices released so far with Intel Bay Trail processors have been tablets or hybrids like the Dell Venue Pro 11 and Asus Transformer Book T100. But Bay Trail chips could also be used for desktops or notebooks — and the Bay Trail platform covers Intel Atom, Celeron, and Pentium chips.
The one thing they have in common is that Bay Trail chips tend to be less powerful (and cheaper) than processors based on Intel's Haswell architecture — and since we're already seeing inexpensive Chromebooks with Celeron/Haswell chips such as the $249 Acer C720 Chromebook , Chrome OS laptops with a Bay Trail processor would likely be even cheaper (unless they have premium features such as touchscreens or detachable tablet sections).
Written by Daniella Litvak
Adapting a single film into a stage show is a challenge. Adapting a film series into an under two-hour, musical theater extravaganza is a Herculean labor. If you're going to undertake such an audacious feat then you are going to need some audacious source material. What better fits the bill than Sam Raimi's cult classic Evil Dead trilogy? Now I'll be honest, most of my knowledge of the films comes more from pop culture osmosis rather than memories of watching them. From what I do know and what people around me in the audience told me is that Evil Dead The Musical is fairly faithful to films —more importantly it captures the elements everyone loves about the movies.
So come along on a journey with Ash (Jeff Campbell) as they take their girlfriend Linda (Kari Kennedy), their sister Cheryl (Tiffany McQuay), best friend Scotty (Steven Alcantar), and Shelly (Mallory Kerwin) —a girl Scotty just picked up — to an old, abandoned cabin in the woods for their spring break vacation. Just as they are settling in and starting to have fun, they discover the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis —the Book Of The Dead — and accidentally unleash a plague of evil. Now instead of baking desserts and getting laid, Ash and the gang are up against Candarian demons, possessed trees, and bad puns. Will they make it through the night or be dead by dawn?
One thing is certain, blood will be spilled. Uniquely, Evil Dead The Musical, comes with a splatter zone. At the Maverick Theater the splatter zone is the first row, and if you are sitting there you should not be disappointed with the amount of stage blood on your clothes. I was seated in the row behind the splatter zone and caught only a tiny bit of the spray, so unless you are sitting in the splatter zone you should be leaving the theater unscathed —give or take a few droplets.
Now it is no secret the character of Ash as played by Bruce Campbell in the films and the television series Ash vs Evil Dead is a beloved, pop culture icon. You will probably be thinking about Bruce Campbell while watching Evil Dead The Musical —especially since Jeff Campbell's resemblance to Bruce Campbell is uncanny. They really nail the part of a guy who goes from a nice —if hapless —college student/slash S-Mart employee to a chainsaw toting, meme spouting badass.
Praise also needs to be given to the rest of the cast because they are equally good in their roles. Kari Kennedy infuses a lot of heart and sweetness into Linda, which really raises the emotional stakes of the show. Mallory Kerwin and Tiffany McQuay get to show off their range since Kerwin plays two characters and McQuay's role requires acting out diametrically opposing character traits. Meanwhile Steven Alcantar, Ryan Young, Ricky Augustin, and Michael Aguirre are supplying the audience with tons of laughs, which was highlighted during the musical numbers “Bit Part Demon,” “Good Old Reliable Jake,” and“What the F*** Was That?”
Evil Dead The Musical is a fantastically fun theater going experience. I recommend taking a trip down to the Maverick Theater and paying honor to the Necronomicon. It'll be groovy.
June 30th – August 19th 2017
Exceptional Show
Alright, rather than devoting my time and energy about how cynical I feel about the general election, I should devote my time and energy to something I feel is important, perhaps even just as a citizen of Minnesota. There are other posts where I have talked about my religious reasons as a Jew for opposing this amendment and applauding the Minnesota Rabbinical Association for doing so—although I could probably write a whole book on Jewishness and queerness—and I have written about my own complicated relationship with regard to same-sex marriage and my own sense of queer politics. The last one is not to be divisive but to be honest with people to say that there is more at stake and that there should be open and honest conversations about these politics. But my point is to argue against this amendment.
The way that I have seen it is that this amendment has thrown religion to the forefront of a debate that is immensely complicated and several different issues rolled into one: how should religious institutions best be a public witness to their own message? How do we understand the “church”-state divide? How do we understand marriage as both a religious institution but also as a civic and economic institution that provides benefits to couples?
Nevertheless, it seems to be framed as a religious debate that has spilled into the public sphere. If you ask most Jews or most Unitarian Universalists, for instance, we'd tell you that same-sex marriage is a religious and public virtue. The debate is largely settled with these specific religious groups. Thus, I think the issue is largely a Christian debate. Christianity has had a large hegemony over the public sphere in the history of the United States, so this seems like a logical conclusion. Considering that secularism has always been influenced by Christian virtues and ethe (pl. of ethos) and I would argue, still is today, it should be no surprise that this can also play out as a seemingly non-religious debate.
But then I also believe it is incorrect to push this debate into other sectors of civil society where the debate is largely a non-issue. For a moment, I would like to go to Dietrich Bonhoffer and especially their so-called “religionless Christianity.” Bonhoffer at one point in time in their letters from prison discusses what is known as Arcani Disciplina (in German, Arkandisziplin), or the discipline of the secret. The Discipline of the Secret was an ancient Christian practice that meant not discussing the mysteries of the faith, such as the Eucharist, in the presence of the unbaptized. Only those instructed in the faith and willing to make a Christian commitment through baptism were admitted to the Eucharistic communion part of the Lord's Supper. Bonhoeffer reformulated this in light of the modern world, where Christian truths were forced upon an unwilling world. The Church should not wield the coercive sword in order to preserve the mysteries of the faith. Rather, they are to preserve them through prayer, worship, and example.
Now, I would like to move to early Evangelical thought in the United States. It might surprise some of us today that evangelicals were the strictest supporters of separation of church and state, to such a degree that many supported taxing religious institutions. Their support of separation had much to do with a high view of God and religious volunteerism. Their high view of God was a plurality of religious groups should coexist and it is up to God and not the state to decide which religions should flourish and which should whither away. Religious volunteerism was important because state coercion or control of an individuals choice on matters of conscience would interfere with their free choice to choose the will of God. If religion and state intermingled, it meant that individuals no longer had a free choice and they could no longer rely on their own conscience to tell them what was right and wrong. Lastly, these evangelicals also believed that they had a divine mandate and the state would corrupt this mandate. Essentially, when state and religion mix, it is religion that becomes compromised. All of these views begin to make sense when we recognize that in the 18th century, Baptists and other evangelicals were an actively persecuted religious minority in states such as Massachusetts and Virginia that did have state-sponsored religion.
To Synthesize
The evangelicals and Bonhoffer might not agree completely but I think both had a high-mindedness about truth. This is important in any democratic society, if we care about a democratic society. If the state takes a side in this issue, it signals the debate is effectively over. Personally, I believe that if this amendment passes, that it will only be law for a short period of time because the debate isn't over. I think the fact that the debate is occurring is a consequence that a consensus against same-sex marriage is quickly eroding. Then again, I take a view of the public sphere that is largely intolerant once there is a large consensus. Those who oppose same-sex marriage no longer have a monopoly on public acceptability and I fear that they are moving to the sword of the state to enforce their views of religiosity upon the public as a whole. Using the sword of the state shuts off a real public discussion about not only the issue of same-sex marriage but all the other questions that I mentioned above. The evangelicals in colonial America might agree with conservatives about marriage, but they would disagree with the way in which it is being handled because individuals no longer have a hand in making conscientious choices with regard to matters of religion. It also says that God's truth can no longer win out, we need the coercive power of the state to enforce our views. Lastly, I bring up Bonhoffer for an important reason. First, I bring them up because I think they are correct about the issue of forcing witness on populations who largely don't understand or accept it. It leads to the question of whether it is appropriate to amend our state constitution in such a way that privileges one sector of Christianity. Does witness belong to the entire state or does it belong to the faithful? Moreover, does an amendment such as this not make the population de facto Christian in a perhaps immensely problematic way?
These are reasons why I oppose such an amendment. It forces non-Christians to reckon with a debate that is effectively a Christian one and it removes the democratic potential of such conversations. We no longer have the face each other and discuss our conscience openly and honestly. The state gets to make those decisions for us. In the end, my post is an attempt to not only honor a more democratic discussion, but also to discuss ways in which one can oppose this amendment for fundamentally religiously conservative reasons.
For more information, I would encourage you to go to Minnesotans United for All Families.
Advertisements
When NBC canceled it in May, Community was supposed to drop out of TV for good. Instead, the series took a cue from its characters and reenrolled at Yahoo. ”We've always been a Web series,” says Gillian Jacobs, returning as perpetual wet blanket Britta. ”We're now just finally on the Web. It's a brave new world of…” they pause. ”TV?” they consider. ”Content,” they conclude.
A few changes worth noting: Yvette Nicole Brown asked to be released from their contract to care for their father, which means their Shirley will follow Chevy Chase's Pierce and Donald Glover's Troy away from the study table. To replace the absent members of the study group, the show is bringing in two new characters. Paget Brewster (Criminal Minds) will play Frankie Dart, a troubleshooter hired to help Dean Pelton (Jim Rash) in the never-ending quest to save Greendale from oblivion. Meanwhile, baritone-voiced character actor Keith David will join the cast as an inventor. ”He's very smart, very proud, and made the mistake of focusing too much on their work in the past,” says Harmon. ”Now they have no idea what he's going to do with the last chapter of their life.”
For Harmon, a sixth season is both a step forward and a chance to get back to the show's roots. ”We wanted to recapture a look and feel of season 1,” they say. ”That means building a foundation of immersiveness, believing Greendale is a real place, as opposed to surrendering to the fact that it's kind of a magical place. There's no episode so far where everyone's a Roman gladiator.” —Darren Franich
One man has been killed and another seriously injured when a man brandishing a baseball bat entered a mosque in the town of Arras in northern France and started beating worshipers, a police source has said.
The assailant identified only as "Seddik" - their first name - carried out the attack in the tiny Ennour mosque in the city of Arras shortly after afternoon prayers, said Abdelkader Aoussedj, of Paris' main mosque.
"The entire Muslim community - and everybody else - is shocked about what happened in Arras," Aoussedj said. "We share in the pain of the victims' families and all the faithful at this mosque."
They were held after the incident on Friday, and was described by police sources as having a history of psychiatric problems.
Denis Robin, the Pas-de-Calais prosecutor, said the attacker was a member of the Muslim community in Arras, and known to the other worshippers in the mosque.
Two other people were slightly injured in the attack, the police source said.
Such attacks are virtually unheard of in France, which is home to Western Europe's largest Muslim community - estimated to be about 5 million people. Many trace their roots in former French colonies in north and west Africa.
Google's modular phone concept, Project Ara, has taken a little longer to develop than some had hoped — it's apparently having issues with the attachment/detachment system and the number of possible permutations.
Finnish company PuzzlePhone is hoping that leaves room for competition, with its own take on the modular smartphone expected to hit Indiegogo next month. PuzzlePhone is, however, less ambitious than Ara, with just three replaceable components …
NordVPN
The company describes them as the brain (the electronics), the spine (the display) and the heart (the battery). I might have swapped the names of the latter two, myself.
The brain contains the CPU, GPU, RAM, flash memory and cameras. Unlike Ara, you won't be able to swap these individually – but the heart will apparently contain some user-selectable secondary electronics, alongside the battery. The spine comprises the display, and also provides a choice of materials and sizes.
However, while the PuzzlePhone appears to offer improved aesthetics in return for fewer customization options, don't expect to take delivery of it any earlier than Ara. The company is estimating delivery in Q3/Q4 next year, by which time Google is likely to have launched Ara in at least some markets.
Tech consumers seem to have taken well to the modular concept, the BLOCKS smartwatch having already raised more than a million dollars in pledges against its $250k target. And if you're looking for another Ara alternative, be sure to check out the Fairphone, which is both modular and puts focus on having sustainable design, manufacturing, and life cycle.
Share. ABC is moving forward on the Mockingbird and Lance Hunter series. ABC is moving forward on the Mockingbird and Lance Hunter series.
It's official: Marvel's Most Wanted, a spinoff of Marvel's Agents of SHIELD focused on Bobbi Morse (Adrianne Palicki) and Lance Hunter (Nick Blood), is going to pilot at ABC.
ABC President Paul Lee announced at the 2016 winter Television Critics Association press tour, "We're absolutely doing that one. I just announced that we're going to pilot on Marvel's Most Wanted, which is a spinoff."
Exit Theatre Mode
They spoke highly about the project, which they said will go into production in the near future. "We love the script," they said. "We think it's going to be great. We're doing that in the next few months."
Agents of SHIELD producers Jeff Bell and Paul Zbyszewski co-created the project for Marvel and ABC Studios and co-wrote the pilot. They'll also be showrunners and executive-producers. Marvel's head of television Jeph Loeb will also exec-produce. ABC initially decided not to move forward on the series in May 2015.
Exit Theatre Mode
Lee also took the opportunity to tout the upcoming second season of Marvel's Agent Carter, and the Netflix Marvel series. "We feel very good about our Marvel franchises," they said.
When asked to offer updates on John Ridley's Marvel project and Damage Control, Lee hedged, simply saying, "We have two Marvel shows obviously being Agent Carter and obviously being SHIELD, and we have one in development, which we're making a pilot of."
They also spoke confidently about Agents of SHIELD and its opportunity for renewal, saying, "I can't speak to what happens beyond May, but I'm feeling good about SHIELD."
Marvel's Agent Carter premieres on January 21.
Terri Schwartz is Entertainment Editor at IGN. Follow them on Twitter at @Terri_Schwartz.
Suddenly, the “Kochtopus” is in the news – a subject about which I have first-hand knowledge. That's because, for a year and a half or so in the late 1970's, I was part of it: part of the “family” of organizations funded by Charles and David Koch, two of the richest men in America. I wrote about this period at length in my 2000 biography of Murray Rothbard, An Enemy of the State, and thought I would never return to the subject again. Alas, history has caught up with the “Kochtopus,” as we used to call it with some bitterness mixed with affection, and today the Koch empire is the object of the Left's vexatious attention, with the Kochs billed as “the billionaire brothers who are waging a war against Obama,” as Jane Mayer put it in a widely-cited piece in the New Yorker magazine.
The Obama network, otherwise known as MSNBC, has regularly railed against the nefarious influence of the Kochian conspirators, with all the subtlety of Pravda denouncing those Trotskyite wreckers and agents of the Mikado who are undermining the Revolution from within. State-controlled National Public Radio has joined the chorus, along with Frank Rich, who, from their perch at the New York Times, hurls invective at these “tycoons,” whose “radical agenda” is being covertly imposed on the country by the “invisible hands” of Big Business, personified by the brothers Koch. Rich cites the work of Kim Phillips-Fein, an assistant professor at New York University Gallatin School, whose book, Invisible Hands: The Making of the Conservative Movement from the New Deal to Reagan, seeks to debunk the populist credentials of the American Right by peddling a sophisticated conspiracy theory that posits the “invisible hands” of billionaires as the real force behind the such movements as the Tea Party and its predecessors. Sketching out a skeletal history of this nefarious, progress-resisting billionaires' cabal, Rich traces their origin back to the American Liberty League, set up by Midwestern business people to oppose the New Deal:
“You can draw a straight line from the Liberty League's crusade against the New Deal “socialism” of Social Security, the Securities and Exchange Commission and child labor laws to the John Birch Society-Barry Goldwater assault on J.F.K. and Medicare to the Koch-Murdoch-backed juggernaut against our ‘socialist' president.”
What Rich, Mayer, and the other chroniclers of the “Invisible Hands” behind the libertarian-conservative movement elide from their pocket history is the one factor that sets the Kochs apart from post-cold war conservatives (and liberals), and that is their untrammeled anti-militarism. The Cato Institute, which was started with Koch money, stood almost alone in Washington against the first Iraq war [.pdf], and staunchly opposed the more recent invasion – just as they oppose Obama's wars in Afghanistan [.pdf] and beyond. Cato has also stood up for our civil liberties, opposing the PATRIOT Act, and the whole panoply of post-9/11 repressive measures initiated by the Bush administration and expanded by Obama. Right after 9/11, the Koch brothers gave the ACLU $20 million to fight off the Bushies' assault on the Constitution (George Soros gave half as much).
The Kochs stand at the end of a long albeit virtually unknown tradition. The American Liberty League, which Rich and their ideological allies disdain, was financed by many of the same business people who later founded the biggest organized peace movement in our history, the America First Committee. A thoroughgoing anti-interventionism motivated these men, as much as horror at what Roosevelt was doing on the home front.
Contrary to Rich's assertion that the Liberty Leaguers were a bunch of reactionary Republicans, in fact they were mostly dissident Democrats, such as League chairperson Jouett Shouse, a GM executive, former chairperson of the Executive Committee of the Democratic Party. The leadership included two former Democratic presidential candidates, Alfred E. Smith and John W. Davis, and John Raskob, another GM executive and former Democratic national chairperson. Contra Rich, they were a bit more thoughtful than their alleged legatees in the Tea party, who think Obama is a ‘socialist.” It was Al Smith, who declared:
“Don't let anyone tell you that President Roosevelt is a Communist. That is not so. Or don't let anyone tell you they are a Socialist. That is not so.  They are neither a Communist nor a Socialist—any more than I am—but something has taken place in this country—there is a certain kind of foreign ‘ism' crawling over this country. What it is I don't know. What its first name will be when it's christened I haven't the slightest idea. But I know it is here, and the sin about it is that [Roosevelt] doesn't seem to know it.”
What the Liberty League and its successors opposed was the centralization of all power in the hands of the State: they saw the New Deal as an assault on the Constitution, and the distinctly American idea that government must be strictly limited, as opposed to the European concept of the Total State, which was fashionable among intellectuals at the time. When Roosevelt plotted to get us involved in the European war, the anti-New Dealers joined with many Democrats and progressives, such as Burton K. Wheeler, the LaFollettes, and Norman Thomas, the Socialist party standard-bearer, in organizing the America First Committee, which campaigned against the President's largely covert efforts to drag us into the conflict.
Phillips-Fein identifies Jasper Crane, a Dupont executive, as one of the sinister “Invisible Hands” plotting against the New Deal, and it was in a letter to Crane that Rose Wilder Lane, the libertarian activist who served as Crane's ideological adviser, expressed the apprehension that motivated them and their comrades in their opposition to intervention and all things Rooseveltian: that we would fight national socialism on the European front, only to succumb to a homemade version of it on the home front.
It was, at the time, a valid fear: the President had tried to pack the Supreme Court in order to push through their program, and the spectacle of various “isms” of a totalist nature marching across Europe and Asia was enough to invest this fear with a certain immediacy. Today, as we wage endless global war, and the trustification of the American economy proceeds apace under President Obama, this same fear is rising up from the populist grassroots, much to the chagrin of Frank Rich and the entire political class in Washington and New York, which dreads any popular expression of outrage at the depredations of government. Why can't the hoi polloi just shut up and take their medicine? After all, we know what's good for them.
Posing as populists, however fake, Rich and their friends in the administration can't hope to make any progress with that line, so they came up with this tycoons-against-government narrative, which seeks to create a conspiracy theory in order to explain rising popular opposition to the Obama-ite agenda of Big Government and perpetual war.
It won't work, because it has nothing to do with the facts. Rich opines that none of Mayer's blogger critics “found any factual errors in their 10,000 words,” but the piece is riddled with them, not to mention based on a completely false premise, as stated by Rich:
“Her article caused a stir among those in Manhattan's liberal elite who didn't know that David Koch, widely celebrated for their cultural philanthropy, is not merely another rich conservative Republican but the founder of the Americans for Prosperity Foundation, which, as Mayer writes with some understatement, ‘has worked closely with the Tea Party since the movement's inception.'”
Manhattan's liberal elites may be content to get their reporting on the inner workings of the conservative-libertarian movement from The New Yorker, perhaps because of the cartoons, but the tea parties were created by another wing of the libertarian movement, and not the Kochtopus, which only later – after the movement took off – decided to go along for the ride. The first tea parties were organized by supporters of Ron Paul, who, on the 234th anniversary of the Boston Tea Party, in December 2007, held rallies across the country and held a “money bomb” for Paul's campaign raising the all-time record for a single day's political fund-raising. The organizations affiliated with the Kochs have long kept their distance from Rep. Paul: they view them as an unbridled radical, and one who – worse, from their perspective – can't be controlled or reined in.
This is typical of the methods of the Koch organizations, which rarely initiate anything: instead, they glom on to an existing movement, “entryist”-style, and bore from within. One example: when the independent campaign of John Anderson for President took off, and stole the thunder of the Libertarian Party's 1980 presidential campaign, they joined Anderson's briefly-existing “National Unity Party” in the hopes of taking it over. Like most of their entryist tactics, this one flopped spectacularly, with the Andersonites rejecting their wise counsel and opting to go their own way.
The Rich-Mayer conspiracy narrative that puts the Kochs at the epicenter of a Vast Right-Wing Cabal to Take Over America creates a fearsome amalgam that throws everyone to Obama's right in the same pot, creating a goulash of some rather discordant ingredients. Rupert Murdoch isn't funding the Tea Parties, as much as Fox News is promoting them: they are funding the Weekly Standard, the chief organ of yet another rightist groupuscule, the neoconservatives, which is seeking to hitch a ride on the Tea Party bandwagon. These are the mosque-bashers, who seek to scapegoat Muslim Americans the way Rich's hero, Roosevelt, scapegoated Japanese-Americans. Yet the Cato crowd has not joined that particular lynches mob, and it is totally unfair to group the Kochs with Murdoch and the neocons.
Another point to make is that the Rich-Mayer narrative portrays the Koch brothers as dangerous “radicals,” whose anti-government politics are close to anarchism. If only! The truth is that the entire history of this tendency is one of almost fanatical moderation: if anything is to be gleaned from their thirty-five year history as an organized force on the right, it is that they often mistake respectability for success. In 1980, when their chosen candidate for President, Libertarian nominee Ed Clark, appeared on national television in an appearance that has become legendary in libertarian circles, they described libertarianism as “low tax liberalism”! The final straw, as far as many LP activists were concerned, came when Clark (at Cato President Ed Crane's urging) refused to come out for abolition of the income tax – a stance which made them less radical than the neoconnish Jack Kemp.
Crane and Koch walked out of the Libertarian Party because the party refused to moderate its radicalism – which makes it more than somewhat ironic that Mayer and Rich are attributing the LP's radicalism (long since dissipated, by the way) to the Koch brothers. And when a truly radical libertarian current did emerge, out of the Ron Paul campaign, with a real mass following, the Cato-ites disdained it, telling Chris Hayes of The Nation magazine that Paul was too populist and plebeian for their aristocratic oh-so-high-minded selves. They aren't, they averred, cosmopolitan enough.
Always behind the curve, never ahead, the Kochtopus is an unwieldy, and often clueless entity, one that usually goes along with much of the Washington conventional wisdom in order to get along. Far from being the “Invisible Hands” of the American right-wing, or of anything else for that matter, they are Johnnie-come-latelies to the tea party, and simply hope to cash in on a movement that has already taken off.
What is so dishonest about the Rich-Mayer conspiracy theory, however, is not what they say about the Kochs, but what they leave out. That $20 million contribution to the ACLU, post-9/11, pretty much says it all: these are not reactionary Know-Nothings, or even Republicans of a familiar hue. The fear and hate exuded by the “get the Kochs” crowd is motivated by panic: the fear that the Obama-ites are about to lose their grip on power, and that they'll lose it in part due to the Achilles heel of this administration: our interventionist foreign policy.
The Kochs, and Cato, have been staunch opponents of the Af-Pak war, as well as the escalation of the war on our civil liberties that George W. Bush started and Obama has continued. The biggest fear of the Obama cultists is that this potent combination – opposition to Big Government and foreign wars – will coalesce in a populist upsurge against Washington. If allowed taking off, such a movement would appeal to the Obama-ite's base, which, you'll recall, came together initially due to Obama's supposed “antiwar” credentials. Now that their administration is handing out trillions to the banksters, the left-wing of the Democratic party is beginning to grumble, and there's a rebellion brewing in the ranks – which Obama's wars, in Afghanistan and Pakistan, could ignite into a prairie fire.
In which case, rather than FDR, the model for the Obama presidency may turn out to be Lyndon Baines Johnson, who was harried out of office by antiwar protesters shouting “hey hey LBJ, how many kids did you kill today?!”
God knows, I am no fan of the Kochtopus: I've often pointed out their shortcomings, from a libertarian perspective, in this space. They betrayed their founding principles time and time again, driving out their former intellectual mentor, Murray Rothbard, when they wouldn't toe the party line, and refusing to this day to acknowledge them as the true founder and inspirer of the Cato Institute. They then smeared and demonized him, trying to cut off such support as they had. Yet the Rothbardian wing of the movement prospered without Koch money, and eventually gave birth to the Ron Paul campaign: the most successful libertarian effort in our movement's storied history.
This underscores the paucity and one-dimensionality of the Rich-Mayer conspiracy theory, which posits that everything is about money: yes, money can help create a movement, but it cannot sustain it, or ensure its success. The Ron Paul campaign was pathetically underfunded, in the beginning, until the Ron Paul for President “money bomb” taught the rest of the political world how online fundraising is really done. It's passion – ideological passion – that energizes political movements: money is an afterthought. The Frank Riches of this world think money determines everything: a curiously plutocratic idea for alleged liberals to hold, but there you have it. The truth, however, is that ideas rule the world, not dollars – and the “Invisible Hands” are not the billionaires, but the ideologues and activists to whom they must inevitably turn.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
A concerted effort by Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore to tackle piracy and robberies in nearby waters saw the number of incidents nosedive in the first six months of the year.
The countries pumped more resources into patrol activities, and one even zeroed in on prime suspects and issued them with stiff warnings.
Their activities cut the number of such incidents in the Strait of Singapore and Strait of Malacca to just one in the first six months .
This was after a spike last year, with the number hitting 104, up from 48 in 2014, according to the Regional Cooperation Agreement on Combating Piracy and Armed Robbery against Ships in Asia (ReCAAP) Information Sharing Centre.
The Malaysian and Indonesian authorities have improved their capabilities to address such incidents, noted Dr Collin Koh, a research fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies' (RSIS) maritime security programme.
For instance, by October last year, the Royal Malaysian Navy had set up a Rapid Deployment Team to tackle crimes such as ship hijackings quickly, according to the Bernama news agency. The team consisted of two groups comprising 14 members and was equipped with two helicopters and a gunboat, an official was quoted as saying.
And in January this year, Tempo news reported that an Indonesian warship, KRI Imam Bonjol-838, had been deployed to increase Indonesia's naval patrol presence in the Strait of Malacca.
Category 1 incidents last year FEB 13: LAPIN At about 7.55pm, six to eight perpetrators armed with pistols and knives boarded the product tanker Lapin while it was anchored near Malaysia's Port Klang. They gathered the crew and took control of the tanker. Then, a vessel came alongside and siphoned five tonnes of diesel from the tanker. The perpetrators destroyed the ship's communication devices and stole ship and crew property. Before leaving the vessel, they tied the crew up and said an improvised explosive package was left on board and threatened the crew not to move. The crew managed to free themselves and sailed towards Thailand. The ReCAAP Focal Point (Thailand) boarded the ship at a location north of Ko Tarutao. It reported that a Thai Explosive Ordnance Disposal team disarmed the "improvised explosive package" and found only an electric circuit with no explosive or detonator attached. MAY 2: OCEAN ENERGY At around 9.30pm, eight perpetrators armed with guns boarded the vessel named Ocean Energy when it was close to Malaysia's Port Dickson on its way to Myanmar from Singapore. They ordered the crew to anchor the vessel and a barge came alongside it. The crew were locked away and 2,023 metric tonnes of fuel oil was discharged to the barge using a fuel hose and pump. After damaging the ship's communication equipment and taking the satellite phone and the crew's cash and cellphones, the perpetrators left the vessel at about 4.30am the next day. There were no injuries to the crew. AUG 8: JOAQUIM At about 2pm, an unknown number of perpetrators boarded the bunker tanker Joaquim when it was travelling to Langkawi, Malaysia, from Tanjung Pinang, Indonesia. Systems on the ship that provide information on its whereabouts to the authorities were reportedly turned off. About 3,000 metric tonnes of fuel oil was reportedly siphoned and power to the generator of the boat was reportedly cut off by the perpetrators. The crew were safe, except for the officer responsible for navigating the ship and bunker crew who were assaulted.
The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (MPA) and local enforcement agencies - the Police Coast Guard and Republic of Singapore Navy - also contributed.
They "worked with regional enforcement authorities in Malaysia and Indonesia to deter incidents through regular sharing of intelligence and stepped up patrols", said the MPA.
The three countries also stepped up efforts to detect unregistered ships around ports, and intensified checks on ships entering and leaving ports, and this has deterred some would-be offenders, said ReCAAP deputy director Nicholas Teo.
Most of last year's robberies occurred around a privately run anchorage in the Nipa area south-west of Singapore, said Mr Tim Wilkins, regional manager for the Asia-Pacific at the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners.
There, large ships carrying oil from the Middle East often transfer it to stationary smaller tankers, which then transport it around the region. Mr Wilkins said: "There are a lot of vessels at anchor and that makes them a relatively easy target and relatively close to certain smaller Indonesian islands, where theft and robberies can be launched."
Also, during the transfer of oil, the crew of such ships are often focused on the activity and find it harder to set aside manpower to keep watch, they added.
Stern warnings to suspects in Indonesian islands were also a major factor for the improvement, noted Dr Sam Bateman, an adviser to RSIS' maritime security programme.
The majority of the cases last year took place in Indonesian waters, they said. The attacks were carried out mainly by a few gangs from villages in Pulau Karimun Besar, Pulau Batam and other Indonesian islands close to the south of the straits.
They strike when ships pass close to their islands, Dr Bateman said. In response, police tracked down the suspects with help from the villages and issued stern warnings to them. They were told to stop illegal activities or they could face arrest, Dr Bateman said.
But Mr Wilkins noted that the number of incidents of theft and robbery in the Strait of Malacca and Strait of Singapore may not be as low as reported. Some ship operators may not report crimes as it could take a day or two for investigations, potentially costing them and their customers revenue, they said.
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal speaks at the free market Club for Growth winter economic conference at the Breakers Hotel on Feb. 28 in Palm Beach, Fla. (Joe Skipper/AP)
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal — who has tried to stand out in a crowded presidential field with strident attacks on President Obama's foreign policy — issued a call Tuesday for “all potential presidential candidates” to sign on to a letter written by GOP senators to the government of Iran.
The letter, organized by first-year student Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), was designed to kill any potential deal struck between the Obama administration and Iranian leaders over Iran's nuclear program. It warned Iran that if Congress did not formally approve a nuclear agreement, it could then be disregarded or modified under a future president.
The letter was signed by 47 Republican senators, including four who are considered potential candidates in the 2016 presidential race: Ted Cruz (Tex.), Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.), Rand Paul (Ky.) and Marco Rubio (Fla.).
But Jindal (R), in a statement released Tuesday, said that others who might get into the race should sign on, too.
“Every single person thinking about running for President, on both sides, should sign on to this letter to make clear to Iran that they are negotiating with a lame duck President,” Jindal said in a statement issued through an outside group they lead, America Next. “Make no mistake — any Iran deal that President Obama makes is not binding on a future president.”
An already heated battle between the White House and Republicans over negotiations to curtail Iran's nuclear program grew more tense when 47 Republican senators sent a letter to Iran designed to kill any potential deal. But is it treason? (Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
It is an unusual request, to say the least. Jindal is asking a large group of people who are not actually running for president yet to sign on to a letter casting doubt (based on their status as possible future presidents) on a possible deal that hasn't actually been struck.
On Tuesday, it was not exactly clear how that group — which, at this stage in the 2016 race, might be in the dozens — would “sign” Cotton's letter even if they wanted to.
A spokesperson for Jindal said they had “signed on” to the letter Tuesday morning by sending an e-mail to Cotton's office, and Cotton's office released a statement later in the day saying that Jindal is now considered a signatory to the letter.
Former Texas governor Rick Perry (R) echoed Jindal's sentiments, tweeting Tuesday that they “would be proud and honored to sign the letter @SenTomCotton has put forward on Iran.”
Jindal, the second-term governor of Louisiana, had built a reputation as a genial problem-solver. But now, as the presidential race begins, he's fallen to the bottom of the GOP field.
In recent weeks, Jindal has moved aggressively to attack Obama on foreign policy, which is not a traditional area of focus for the governor of Louisiana. In their statement Tuesday, Jindal renewed their criticisms that Obama was not willing to confront — or even admit — the true scope of the threat from Islamist groups and Iran.
“The President's dithering on Iran is the reason we are where we are today. At present, we have an occupant in the White House that thinks we are at war with medieval Christians and Senate Republicans,” Jindal said in the statement. “It's time for the President to focus on the real enemy — Radical Islam and a nuclear Iran.”
President Obama says it was "somewhat ironic" that Republican senators wrote a letter to Iranian leaders warning them about a potential nuclear deal with the U.S. (Reuters)
Jindal also said that Vice President Biden — who had criticized the letter as “beneath the dignity” of the Senate — should apologize to Cotton, who served in the Army before running for office.
“Vice President Biden owes Senator Cotton an apology. They wore the boots in Iraq. He's earned our attention, not your insults. I'm glad some senators are showing leadership in the absence of leadership from the White House,” Jindal said.
Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP ) is heavily dependent on ad revenue. A big chunk of that comes from the Discover section of Snapchat. So it's not a surprise that the company is pushing to boost the numbers from Discover by hiring an industry heavyweight to drum up new media partnerships.
Source: Snap
What might be surprising is that Snap managed to lure a senior manager from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) to do the job.
Apple News lost its senior publisher relations manager to Snap in February, where they are now the global publishing manager.
Snap Discover
Snap launched the Discover section of its Snapchat app in 2015. The idea behind Discover is to give Snapchat users access to stories from Snap media partners — these can take the form of articles or videos that are published under channels. Current media partners include outlets ranging from New York Times Co (NYSE: NYT ) to BuzzFeed. Both the media partners and Snap sell ads that display within the channels, with Snap taking a cut of any partner ad revenue.
It's a similar basic business model to the Apple News feed on iOS and Facebook Inc's (NASDAQ: FB ) News Feed on Facebook.
According to Business Insider, Snapchat's Discover generated $58.1 million in revenue its first year — representing 100% of the company's total revenue for that year. Last year, it was $149.8 million. Projections have Discover generating $243.2 million in 2017 and $401 million in 2018.
To hit those numbers and grow its ad revenue, Snap needs to bring on additional compelling media partners. It's also pushing them to create short “show” videos of their content specifically for Snapchat. Like the BBC's Planet Earth II mini show that hit Snapchat in February. And it has to build relationships with advertisers.
It looks like the company decided to boost its firepower on the publishing partnership front by hiring the person responsible for that role away from Apple News.
From Apple News to Snapchat Discover
The hire actually happened in February, but it was kept quiet until Recode broke the news yesterday. The company brought in Donna Ogier, a manager who oversaw media partnerships for Apple News until jumping ship for Snap.
According to Recode, their new role is global publishing manager.
The hire follows several other related big moves from Snap. In June, 2016, it revamped the Discover section of Snapchat, merging it with Live Stories. And in October, 2016 Snap hired the former New York Post president to run business development for the company's content efforts.
Apple News had over 100 publishing partners in 2016, up from 50 at launch in 2015 and 18 that had signed on when Apple News was first announced at WWDC 2015. Clearly Ms. Olgier was successful in their role at Apple.
Snapchat Discover had 16 publishing partners in 2016, so there is nowhere to go but up — something that will have to happen if that ad revenue growth is going to happen.
In the lead-up to its IPO, Snap was pushing advertisers to commit to a guaranteed level of spending. To get that kind of buy-in from ad agencies, it had to convince them that it's user base is growing and that those users are more engaged with the content on Snapchat. That in turn requires more content from more providers.
Hiring Apple's media partnerships head gets Snap the experience and publisher relationships to make that happen.
And it sends a message to advertising partners and SNAP investors that the company is serious about growing Snapchat Discover into a big deal, a la Facebook News Feed or Apple News.
As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the asupervisorstioned securities.
Last month, we let you know that Phil Anselmo and MetalSucks contributor/best-selling true crime author/founder of In Cold Blog Corey Mitchell had enlisted literary super-agent Jeff Herman to shop the proposal for Anselmo's autobiography (which Corey will co-author), tentatively titled Mouth For War: Pantera, Pain, & Pride – Heavy Metal Highs, Drugged Out Lows, & The Battle For My Life. Well, great news: the proposal has been picked up by Jeremie Ruby-Strauss at Gallery/Simon & Schuster!
Publication is currently scheduled for some time in 2014, so we'll all have to be a little more patient before we get to read this thing. In the meantime, we can all get excited about the description of the book: “a no-holds barred look inside of Philip's brain, their history with Pantera, the loss of their best-friend, Dimebag Darrell, and an unflinching examination into the downward spiral of pain and drug addiction that nearly cost them their life.” Corey has been granted carte blanche to seek out and interview anyone and everyone in Philip's life with the intention of either corroborating Philip's version of their story, to help fill in the blanks when things might be tougher to remember, or to contradict them when necessary.
We are beyond thrilled for Corey, Phil, and, of course, for ourselves and the time we will spend reading this book. More details as they become available!
-AR
'These people are plain crazy': FBI informant reveals how they spent 20 YEARS undercover in white supremacist gangs
Fascinating Newsweek interview with John Matthews
They posed as an extremist in white supremacist circles
Went to Klan parties and hosted leaders at their home
A former FBI informant has revealed a fascinating career of two decades undercover with white supremacist and far right anti-government groups.
John Matthews, 59, told Newsweek they appeared as a troubled and paranoid Vietnam veteran who could not hold down a job, flat or marriage.
But in reality the Rhode Island native was posing as an extremist in a violent world and trying to help the FBI prevent far right terror attacks.
Former informer: John Matthews, 59, told Newsweek they appeared as a troubled and paranoid Vietnam veteran who could not hold down a job, flat or marriage
Mr Matthews, who always kept a backpack with provisions by their bedroom door, revealed all to their family when they developed a fatal lung condition.
‘These people are just plain crazy,' they told Newsweek. ‘If they don't like you, they (would) take you out to have you shot. They don't care.
‘These people think that if they overthrew the government they'd make a better world,' they told Newsweek. 'Their world would be a total nightmare.'
They joined the U.S. Marines ‘to be like John Wayne', going to Vietnam, and then working in various jobs - including as a Grand Canyon tour guide.
White supremacy: Mr Matthews attended parties with the Ku Klux Klan, sold weapons at petrol stations and hosted extremist leaders (file picture)
Going up: Since Barack Obama was elected President in 2008 the number of right-wing extremist groups has reportedly risen fivefold (file picture)
Mr Matthews also married and divorced four times. They first became interested in the dangers of the far right at a gun enthusiasts' conference.
‘These people are just plain crazy. If they don't like you, they (would) take you out to have you shot. They don't care' John Matthews
They became an FBI informant after tipping them off about the gun theft plans of the head of a paramilitary group they met at the conference, reported Newsweek.
Mr Matthews was soon attending Ku Klux Klan parties , selling weapons at petrol stations and hosting extremist leaders at home.
They once met a former Klan leader who allegedly laundered money, paid off authorities, bought stolen weapons and threatened to kill two FBI agents.
Agents: Mr Matthews became an FBI informant after first tipping them off about the gun theft plans of the head of an American paramilitary group (file picture)
Since Barack Obama was elected U.S. President in 2008 the number of right-wing extremist groups has reportedly risen fivefold from 149 to 824.
'These people think that if they overthrew the government they'd make a better world. Their world would be a total nightmare' John Matthews
Government officials warned of this rise in 2009 and said it was in part down to easier access to information online and America electing its first black President, reported Newsweek.
Last year nine members of Christian militia Hutaree allegedly tried to kill Michigan police officers, in just one of many recent far right terrorist attempts.
Jared Lee Loughner allegedly went on the rampage in Tucson, Arizona, in January, killing a judge and severely injuring Rep. Gabrielle Giffords.
GRRM is not your bitch. The rest of us…
by Brent Weeks
Neil Gaiman famously told a reader tired of waiting for the next installment of A Song of Ice and Fire that “George R. R. Martin is not your bitch.” Though Mr. Gaiman said many fine and humane things in their post, they also erected a straw man argument that such readers think authors shouldn't do anything except write the next book. “No such contract existed. You were paying your ten dollars for the book you were reading.” Neil Gaiman being Neil Gaiman, the internet greeted this with a chorus of amens. Someone even wrote a song, which is great, except they're all wrong. Part of what entices us to buy a book is the promise conveyed in the title. “Gragnar's Epic Magical Dragon Quest Trilogy: Book 1” promises there will be two more books. Whether through the title, or interviews, or through a note to readers at the end of a book that says the next book will be out in a year, when an author makes that kind of commitment, maybe technically there's no contract, but there is an obligation.
And do you know who's hurt when that obligation is broken? Not the multimillionaire authors, but the mid-listers who are in the middle of a series, barely making it, who hear readers say, “I don't start a series anymore until all the books are finished. I've been burned too many times.” This is not an attack on GRRM. He's easily my favorite author; he's certainly done the field far more good than harm, and I'm sure that he's been working hard. I write big, complicated epic fantasy; I understand how difficult it is. I've worked with a director to make a 90-second book trailer; I can hazard a guess at what a ridiculous amount of work an entire HBO series must take. And writers make mistakes about how fast they're going to finish books All The Time. GRRM's situation is merely illustrative.
Authors today have to be writers, social media geeks, marketers, public speakers, bloggers, and book reviewers. Tolkien knew Elvish, but not html. Few authors are equally good at all the parts of their job. GRRM promised something they didn't deliver. If they were better at PR, they might have defused a great deal of the anger, but they can get away with it because he's a towering talent with millions of fans. Another outlier told Oprah's readers that they weren't smart enough for their books. Another shuns the internet. The talented, the rich, and the famous are always able to get away with things. So, Mr Gaiman, that “GRRM is not your bitch” is trivially true, but I'm not sure it's something we should cheer. We can fail to fulfill our obligations for many good reasons. However, when we do, it behooves us to apologize, not to pretend that readers are the ones acting entitled.
Regardless of their success, writers have obligations to readers because readers pay us to do what we love. Readers don't understand how hard writing can be, but many of us don't understand how hard it is to work at McDonald's, or a post office, or a sales desk. I'm in the middle of writing my second trilogy now, and I've been working six days a week for the last two years. The more successful I've gotten, the harder I've had to work. Some days I look at my full inbox, dozens of comments on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+, and more awaiting moderation on my webpage, and I despair. But you know what? Every job requires you to do things you'd rather not. That's why you get paid for it. At the end of the day, we have the best job in the world. How about some gratitude?
-Brent Weeks is the author of the best-selling Night Angel trilogy & The Black Prism. The second book of the Lightbringer trilogy, The Blinding Knife, will be released in September 2012. The concluding volume, The Blood Mirror, will be released September, October, December of 2012. March of 2013.techn
-Brent Weeks is the author of the best-selling Night Angel trilogy & The Black Prism. The second book of the Lightbringer trilogy, The Blinding Knife, will be released in September 2012.
ELRIS's Bella has come under fire for imitating Wanna One's Lai Guan Lin.
During the July 16 broadcast of “Lee Hong Ki‘s Kiss The Radio,” the idol tried to mimic Lai Guan Lin's accent.
In response to the storm of criticism, Bella uploaded a handwritten letter on the group's official Twitter account, saying, “I apologize to everyone who got hurt by my imitation of Wanna One's Lai Guan Lin.
“I am deeply reflecting on my immature behavior that I have absolutely no excuses for. I truly regret the way I hurt so many people. I was not trying to make fun of foreigners by imitating Lai Guan Lin. I apologize once again to Lai Guan Lin and Wanna One's fans.
“From now on, I will be responsible during broadcasts to prevent something like this from happening again. Your reprimanding words will be engraved in my heart, and I will try my best to show a better image of myself.
“Thank you for reading until the end.”
Them agency Hunus Entertainment also posted a formal apology, saying that Bella was not trying to belittle foreigners.
Below is an audio clip of Bella imitating Lai Guan Lin.
Donald Trump is joined by their wife, Melania Trump, daughter Ivanka Trump, and granddaughter Arabella Rose Kushner as they vote on Election Day. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
Ivanka's #WomenWhoWork lifestyle brand is designed to help women whose biggest burden is to navigate abundance. Them website publishes profiles of women who share advice on things like running a business on one's own terms and tips on how to look “impossibly stylish” while mixing work and family. Oh, and, whaddya know, Ivanka just so happens to offer a clothing line that they created to help all the busy working women to do just that.
Absent on IvankaTrump.com are women with whom Ivanka is, presumably, incredibly intimate, but whose lives can not be improved by a modest-yet-feminine, $138 sheath.
These include the nannies, housekeepers, and other members of the Kushner-Trump household staff who keep the floors shiny, linens clean, children busy, and refrigerator stocked. Relying on this kind of help doesn't make Ivanka and Jared uninvolved, or negligent, parents; they're just an especially busy dual-career couple who can't possibly manage all the professional, personal, and domestic demands on their own. Ivanka might think that keeping their domestic employees out of the frame makes them appear like a superwoman who can do it all. But in reality, it just sends the message that they don't entirely value their contributions to their life.
Writing in New York magazine, Amy Larocca has issued a call for Ivanka to “show us the women who work to make their life possible.”
“Why are the other women who make this idea of “work” possible, who are so integral to the equation, kept invisible? Is it because once a member of #teamIvanka is done strolling a few blocks with a toddler in blue-velvet stiletto heels, someone in less photogenic shoes is required to finish the job?,” Larocca writes. Or, is it because domestic and care work “is not best performed in slim-fitting, one-shouldered sheaths? Because they have little use for knockoff versions of designer shoes, therefore they are ‘off-brand' for #teamIvanka?”
Larocca ends their post by inviting readers to share pictures of all the women whose work remains unacknowledged by Ivanka, even as they make their life possible.
This paradigm is unsettling, though not surprising considering that a denial of the caretaking struggles of all who are are not sheathed women defines Ivanka's politics, too. The maternity leave policy that Donald Trump proposed at Ivanka's behest—“Daddy, daddy, we have to do this,”—would provide six weeks of paid unemployment benefits for birth mothers only. Besides being politically and economically unviable, the plan excludes fathers, adoptive parents, same-sex parents, as well as anyone who needs to take time off to care for a sick child or relative. By doing so, it perpetuates the idea that care work is women's work, which can hurt women at work in the long-run. The more a family depends on mom's paycheck—and the majority of families who rely on mom's paycheck struggle financially—the more economic toll this policy is likely to take.
Trump's Ivanka-endorsed child care policy is not much better. It would allow parents or guardians to deduct the average cost of child care in their state from their income taxes. On their website, we learn that: “A family making the national average of about $70,000 each year with a $7,000 child-care burden, for example, would annually save $840. Parents who earn more than $250,000 individually or $500,000 together would not qualify for Trump's break.” This doesn't sound like a great source of relief for middle-class families, especially compared to Hillary Clinton's promise to cap child care expenses at 10 percent of a family's income. Also, it would fail to benefit low-income Americans, which includes many child care workers, who need relief the most. The poorest families pay little to no income taxes, and therefore wouldn't benefit from a rebate. Trump has proposed additional rebates for these families, but they'd only likely amount to a minor boost, coming in around $150 a year. In short, Ivanka and Jared wouldn't benefit from this plan, but neither would most of the people hired to cook, clean, and do child care for families like theirs.
The absence of family-friendly policies in the United States isn't just the result of a legislative failure, but also a widespread inability to acknowledge and value the social and economic value of care work. Ivanka, in both their professional and political work, has yet to do that, and I suspect the fate of their father's policies won't be wildly different.
Contact:
Karen Lee, Fac. Applied Sciences communications, 778.782.8923; k_lee@sfu.ca
Marianne Meadahl, University Communications, 778.782.9017; 604.209.5770; Marianne_Meadahl@sfu.ca
Photos: http://at.sfu.ca/vGZLvv
Video: https://youtu.be/6s-7MDpYvuk
Former Canadian soldier Trevor Greene, who survived a debilitating brain injury while on duty in Afghanistan in 2006, has recovered their ability to walk again with the help of a customized exoskeleton, their personal determination and support of researchers at Simon Fraser University.
Greene demonstrated their progress today (Sept. 17) at SFU's Surrey campus.
Told they would likely never walk again after a vicious axe attack, Greene began working with Dr. Ryan D'Arcy, a neuroscientist and SFU professor, in 2009. D'Arcy became involved with Greene's recovery after watching a documentary about him.
They asked Greene to partner with them in a research project to explore how brain plasticity affects motor functions. Plasticity refers to the brain's ability to reorganize its neural pathways and synapses in response to different behaviours, thoughts or emotions.
The two have since met regularly for D'Arcy to collect functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scans of Greene's brain, which D'Arcy uses to track how the brain rewires itself.
In an article published in The Journal of Head Trauma Rehabilitation this month, D'Arcy and their research team challenge the current assumptions that after a traumatic brain injury, any further recovery ceases to happen over the long-term. Their team discovered physical functions can be recovered through rehabilitation even six years after an injury.
In 2014, D'Arcy called on Carolyn Sparrey, an assistant professor in the School of Mechatronic Systems Engineering (MSE) who has extensive experience in biomechanics, to see if they could customize an exoskeleton that would suit the unique requirements of the 6'4” Greene.
Exoskeletons are typically designed for those with spinal cord injuries as an assistive technology providing lower leg movement. Sparrey notes that this is the first time exoskeleton technology has been used for a person with a brain injury.
Today, Greene is able to walk upright with assistance, outfitted with a custom-made exoskeleton from Israel-based company, ReWalk. In the future they plan to walk unassisted. Ultimately, they say their goal is to make it to Everest base camp.
A ReWalk company trainer has supported Greene by customizing the motorized exoskeleton so that Greene can wear the battery pack as a backpack.
“Trevor has been extremely committed to their rehabilitation program,” says D'Arcy, who is also co-chair of Innovation Boulevard.
Greene's positive attitude was never more poignantly demonstrated than when they stood, using parallel bars, at their 2010 wedding to wife Deborah.
“This newest dimension in their rehabilitation, wearing exoskeletons to walk again, enables SFU faculty members to track research milestones in a real-life scenario while making a positive impact on their life,” says D'Arcy.
Dr. Joy Johnson, SFU's vice-president, research, says: “This is such a heartwarming story of courage and determination, and of the power of collaboration to push beyond seemingly impenetrable boundaries. This is why SFU places such value on interdisciplinary research and open innovation—they help turn ideas into action, so that people may benefit.”
The Royal Canadian Legion raised funds for the ReWalk device. SFU investigators are donating their time, expertise and specialized equipment to assist with the project.
During the event the Royal Canadian Legion also announced its new Veterans Village in Surrey in partnership with Innovation Boulevard and the Institute for Healthcare Innovations on Innovation Boulevard. For details visit www.innovationboulevard.ca.
Background
SFU researchers involved in the Trevor Greene exoskeleton research project:
Dr. Carolyn Sparrey , SFU mechatronics engineer, will study the health benefits of exoskeletons as patients spend more time upright and mobile. This will include studying baseline levels of the brain function and changes over time; tracking physical improvements in gait, core strength, ability to stand, blood pressure and circulation; and tracking overall health benefits.
, SFU mechatronics engineer, will study the health benefits of exoskeletons as patients spend more time upright and mobile. This will include studying baseline levels of the brain function and changes over time; tracking physical improvements in gait, core strength, ability to stand, blood pressure and circulation; and tracking overall health benefits. Dr. Carlo Menon , SFU engineering scientist, will study wearable exoskeletons used in physical recovery. They have already developed rehabilitation robotics to improve movement of impaired arms and hands after a stroke. They also study emerging brain stimulation technologies, helping to “rewire” the brain in order to regain lost neuromuscular functions.
, SFU engineering scientist, will study wearable exoskeletons used in physical recovery. They have already developed rehabilitation robotics to improve movement of impaired arms and hands after a stroke. They also study emerging brain stimulation technologies, helping to “rewire” the brain in order to regain lost neuromuscular functions. Dr. Edward Park and Dr. Siamak Arzanpour , SFU mechatronics engineers, are currently developing the next generation of lower-limb exoskeleton mobility assistive technologies, including novel joint mechanisms and wearable sensors. They also study intelligent fall detection and prevention technologies for wheelchair users and the elderly in order to improve their quality of life.
and , SFU mechatronics engineers, are currently developing the next generation of lower-limb exoskeleton mobility assistive technologies, including novel joint mechanisms and wearable sensors. They also study intelligent fall detection and prevention technologies for wheelchair users and the elderly in order to improve their quality of life. Dr. Ryan D'Arcy, neuroscientist, faculty member in SFU's engineering and computing science and co-chair of Innovation Boulevard. See more on the efforts of Greene and D'Arcy to change brain injury care and impact veteran's lives is in Maclean's magazine this week.
ABOUT SIMON FRASER UNIVERSITY:
As Canada's engaged university, SFU is defined by its dynamic integration of innovative education, cutting-edge research and far-reaching community engagement. SFU was founded 50 years ago with a mission to be a different kind of university—to bring an interdisciplinary approach to learning, embrace bold initiatives, and engage with communities near and far. Today, SFU is Canada's leading comprehensive research university and is ranked one of the top universities in the world. With campuses in British Columbia's three largest cities – Vancouver, Burnaby and Surrey – SFU has eight faculties, delivers almost 150 programs to over 35,000 students, and boasts more than 130,000 alumni in 130 countries around the world.
-30-
Simon Fraser University: Engaging Students. Engaging Research. Engaging Communities.
Top editors at Breitbart News have told their writers to stop criticizing White House senior adviser Jared Kushner Jared Corey KushnerThe Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump Mississippi GOP governor says 'a lot of us' would've 'screamed' if Obama pushed criminal justice reform bill Omarosa: There's a ‘big red line' for Trump in Cohen's testimony MORE following tension between Kushner and White House strategist and former Breitbart chief Stephen Bannon, according to a new report.
In a Monday report, Business Insider said it confirmed Breitbart's changing stance on criticizing Kushner with two people familiar with the website's workings.
Breitbart launched a flurry of attacks on Kushner and their allies last week after Bannon lost their permanent seat on the National Security Council. The stories included highlights of news articles from other outlets that questioned whether Kushner, President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's son-in-law, can handle their growing portfolio.
By Monday, though, Breitbart downplayed any attacks on Kushner, with no stories mentioning the presidential adviser on its home page.
“This is 100 percent fake news,” said a Breitbart editor. “We don't take orders from anybody about anything.”
Breitbart spokesperson Chad Wilkinson called the idea that the site would "muzzle" its coverage of the White House "absurd."
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times reported last Friday that Kushner's White House allies have voiced frustration with Breitbart's coverage of him.
Trump told Bannon and Kushner to “work this out” after becoming weary of their frequent disagreements, according to Trump.
Bannon and Kushner then reportedly met at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla. last week following the president's order.
The main source of contention between Bannon and Kushner is purportedly their policy disagreements, with Bannon purportedly frustrated by what they see as the moderate politics and growing power of the Kushner camp.
Kushner has voiced concern over Bannon's influence on Trump and the latter's provocative style.
Jonathan Easley contributed reporting.
CNN's Brian Stelter speculates that the Trump campaign's use of a Facebook livestream to broadcast coverage before and after Wednesday night's presidential debate “looked like a no-frills version of a cable news channel” and could presage a future news channel aimed at Trump's populist center-right supporters.
From CNN:
The stream topped out at around 200,000 simultaneous viewers on Facebook before the debate — low when compared to TV, but high when compared to everything else on the web.
The pitch was clear: the campaign said it was taking its message “straight to the American people,” bypassing “the corrupt mainstream media.”
Once it was archived and made available for later viewing, the stream reached more than 8.6 million Facebook users, according to CrowdTangle data, beating the debate streams from news outlets like ABC and Fox.
Steve Bannon, the Breitbart News chairperson who became the Trump campaign CEO in August, did not deny that there's been talk about a possible network when asked by CNNMoney earlier this week.
They responded to the rumors with a smile and said, “Trump is an entrepreneur.” They also pointed out Trump's social media prowess on Facebook and Twitter, saying, “Look at the engagement. It's incredible.
Read the rest here.
Homeowners Sue Insurers for Denied Katrina Claims
toggle caption Kathy Lohr, NPR
toggle caption Katia Dunn, NPR
toggle caption Katia Dunn, NPR
Hundreds of homeowners along the Gulf Coast are suing insurance companies for refusing to pay for damage that their waterfront properties sustained from Hurricane Katrina. In denying their claims, insurers cited the language of the policies. But attorneys for homeowners argue that many of these claims were improperly denied.
Dr. Wesley McFarland lived in a big, yellow, two-story home right off the water in Bay St. Louis, Miss., for 53 years. Katrina demolished it.
Today, a set of concrete front steps is the only sign of the home that remains. McFarland runs a sprinkler in the hope of getting grass to grow back on their property. They don't understand why their insurance company, State Farm, denied their claim.
"I'm certainly frustrated," McFarland says. "But I'm also angry."
Defining Damage from Wind, Not Floods
Since nothing is left on the property, it's hard to say exactly how McFarland's house was swept away. But that's exactly the point. State Farm spokesperson Fraser Engerman says much of the damage along the coast was caused by water that came in after the storm.
"We don't cover floods," Engerman says. "If the facts show that the cause of the damage was wind or wind-driven rain, such losses will be generally covered. But if the evidence shows it was due to flood or storm surge, that is clearly not covered in the insurance policy."
McFarland says their house "exploded due the hurricane winds, before the water came." Inside the FEMA trailer that sits on their property, they pull large photographs out of an envelope that show the aftermath of the storm. The images show trees twisted and blown over in all directions. They say "helter skelter" winds were responsible.
McFarland's case and five others like it are getting ready to go to trial. They are known as "slab" cases because that's all that's left of their homes -- the foundation.
McFarland's attorney, Zach Scruggs, says that case law suggests that if wind was responsible for the initial damage to the home, "it doesn't matter what happened after that."
"When you have a 120 to 150 mile-per-hour winds beating on your house, for two to three to four hours before the water gets there, and the water is coming by the wind also, then there's coverage," Scruggs says.
Did Insurers Willfully Deny Valid Claims?
Scruggs says State Farm and other insurance companies are operating in bad faith by denying claims without a good reason. In some cases, Scruggs says, insurance companies had two engineering reports done. The first one would have provided coverage but the second one was used to deny payment.
"I think the motivation was for insurance companies to pay as little as possible for as long as possible," Scruggs says.
Two adjusters who used to work for State Farm have stepped forward, turning over thousands of pages of documents which they say suggest the company willfully denied valid claims. They are now working for Scruggs.
"They saw some things that they believed weren't proper in the adjusting and handling of these claims," Scruggs says.
A federal judge recently ordered four managers for State Farm to testify about the process the firm used to deny claims in these wind-water cases.
This past summer, in a Mississippi case involving Nationwide, a federal judge ruled that a couple whose home was damaged by Katrina was entitled to compensation for wind damage. But the facts in that case showed little actual damage caused by wind.
Some say the case is a good precedent for homeowners who will eventually get paid something for hurricane damage in the future. Others say it's a victory for insurance companies. State Farm spokesperson Engerman says the majority of their clients are satisfied.
"We've closed over 98 percent of the claims that we received," Engerman says. "We paid out $3.5 billion to our policyholders on the Gulf Coast. So the assertion that somehow State Farm is not paying on claims is simply wrong."
Hoping for Recourse from the Courts
State Farm and other insurers say homeowners had to have separate flood-insurance policies to cover water damage. They are also asking the judge to move the trials farther north, out of the Gulf Coast, arguing that insurers can't get a fair trial in the region.
Animosity against insurers among local homeowners is hard to miss. Among them is U.S. Rep. Gene Taylor, who owned a house in Bay St. Louis and received no compensation from their homeowners' policy. Last November, they offered these stinging remarks on the House floor:
"I want to go on record as saying that I think there ought to be a national registry of child molesters -- and at the moment, insurance-industry executives -- because I think Americans ought to know if they live near one."
On vacant properties along the Gulf, homemade wooden signs have gone up vilifying insurance companies. Many who live here say little rebuilding is happening in these coastal communities, because people just don't have the money to pay mortgages on property they lost, and build a new home, too.
So they're waiting to see how this new set of legal cases is decided.
British Airways is facing a backlash from passengers after forcing them to pay extra to guarantee sitting with their family on flights.
Furious travellers complain that they are being split up from loved ones as they head off on holiday.
Worst affected are passengers who have bought the cheapest deals. But even BA's executive club members who have been awarded 'companion vouchers' to go on a romantic break or honeymoon with their partner are being separated on flights.
The only way to ensure a seat with your family is to pay £20 to reserve one on longer flights of five hours or more, or £7 a seat on short-haul flights.
Split up: Furious travellers complain that they are being split up from loved ones as they head off on holiday. Worst affected are passengers who have bought the cheapest deals
Seats by the emergency exit cost £50 to reserve, while executive club members are charged £24 per seat on longer flights.
The policy was introduced in 2009. Paid-for reservations were said to be based on requests from customers – but many are now complaining about the policy on social media, as the airline also faces a backlash for scrapping free sandwiches on short-haul flights and for its plans to reduce legroom on some flights.
Economy class passengers can check in online up to 24 hours before departure.
BA says its computer system then randomly allocates seats for those who do not pay extra. It says this programme aims to sit family and friends on the same booking together. But those who have bought basic fares – where they are only allowed cabin luggage – are given the lowest priority.
Earlier this month Ryanair was accused of deliberately splitting up families to force them to pay extra, which the budget airline denied. But BA customers assumed Britain's flagship carrier was above levying sneaky extra charges.
Slipping: Critics say BA is becoming similar to budget airlines under its Spanish boss Alex Cruz
Passengers have criticised BA on Twitter in recent days. Hannah Nutley wrote: 'So angry with @British_Airways paid £100 to book seats. At checkin seats changed. 3 people now split. On phone 30min+ refused to help.'
Sarah Brovda complained: 'Unable to check in online bec of new system, so couldn't pre-pay to choose seats. Sitting sep from fiance, flight delayed @British_Airways.'
The row will fuel criticism that BA is becoming similar to a budget airline under its Spanish boss Alex Cruz. Its reputation has been badly bruised by last month's IT shut down, which grounded flights and led to tens of thousands being stranded.
A BA spokesperson said: 'We can never guarantee customers will be sat together, especially on very busy flights, and we will always prioritise seating for families travelling with children and customers with special needs. Customers can choose to pay to select specific seats in advance if they wish to do so.'
The Smart Clock ($450, currently on Kickstarter) is an attractive wooden timepiece that doubles as a notification device using light, sound, and a built-in display. You can control what's shown on the display by setting up recipes on If This Then That (IFTTT) so that it automatically responds to information like sports scores, Tweets, weather updates, and more. There's even a motion sensor you can program to do things like your Nest Thermostat when you walk through your front door. But while the pre-production model we tested is promising, a number of kinks need to be worked out before the final version is released.
Design and Features
The is a big, square clock. It measures 13 inches on each side (HW), is 1 inch thick (D), and weighs three pounds. It comes in a number of different finishes; our test model is made of different types of wood, including cedar, boxwood, ear tree, and mahogany. You can see hints of the various tree parts in the subtle horizontal striping that runs across the clock face.
There are two black metal hands in the middle and a 3.5-inch, 420-by-320-pixel color LCD below. There are no marks for minutes or hours. The metal hands feel flimsy, and shifts out of place if the clock is moved. The minute hand moved an entire five-minute increment once during testing, so you might want to double-check the time on your phone. The display is easy to see close up, but it becomes difficult to read email subject lines or text messages from across the room. There's also a noticeable amount of glare. The back of the clock is lined with 71 LEDs that glow different colors to indicate incoming alerts. There's no battery. Instead, an included ten-foot USB cable must be used to provide power.
There's a flat, tiny knob on the back that adjusts the time. It's hard to get a good grip, so it takes some effort to get it exactly right. A Daylight Savings Time switch next to the knob is set to On by default, so the clock will automatically adjust.
As for features, it's all about the notifications from apps and other devices, some of which you can control via own Web app, though most are entirely reliant upon IFTTT. That could be a problem if the IFTTT service is down, but says you will eventually be able to control everything from its Web app. For now, you need to go to IFTTT's site to set up recipes so the clock will react to various triggers. For example, you can set the clock's built-in motion sensor to detect when you enter a room and have your Philips Hue White bulbs turn on. Or you can program the clock to send you a text message if the motion sensor detects someone in your house. Or it can simply display emails and Twitter mentions, accompanied by a flashing LED and alert sound. When there are no notification alerts, the screen can display traffic or weather information by entering an address in Google Maps on the Web app. But you can only view one piece of info at a time, so there's no way to see both traffic and weather.
Setup, App, and Performance
Connecting the clock to Wi-Fi and multiple devices and services seems daunting at first, but it's actually fairly simple, if time-consuming. First, you have to connect the included USB cable to the back of the clock. Then sign in to the site and connect your computer to the clock's Wi-Fi network. After that, you need to connect the clock to your home Wi-Fi network. I was also able to connect via the Safari browser on an Apple iPhone 6.
In the Web app, you can adjust a variety of settings, including screen brightness, aura speed (how fast the LEDs flash), and what's shown on the display, including weather, travel info, and time, which is a bit redundant (but given my problems with the clock hands, potentially useful). Weather is self-explanatory; you'll see icons for sunny or cloudy weather, along with the day's highs and lows. Travel lets you choose a location on Google Maps to see how long it takes to get there. I selected my home in New Jersey and the clock displayed "45 minutes," which is accurate when traveling home from the office. This could help you figure out whether or not you need to leave early for your daily commute. In addition, the site lets you choose the time zone, units of measurement (for distance and temperature), and the type of weather conditions the screen can display (current or forecast). You can also turn the motion sensor on or off.
To test the clock, I signed in to my IFTTT account, activated the Clock Channel (currently in private beta), and created a couple of recipes. I set the clock up to sound an alert and glow pink when I received new Gmail messages. I also set it up to notify me with blue light and sound when someone mentioned me on Twitter. Finally, I set up Gmail calendar reminders with yellow light and sound. You can choose from several colors, and there's an option to turn the clock's sound on or off. All the notifications went through, but they were all delayed. About ten minutes passed between when my actual Gmail client received emails and when the clock notified me of them. That's quite a bit of time. What if the email or text is something urgent? In that case, you'll probably want to keep your phone handy. Also worth noting: the alert sound is unpleasant and , and feels more like it's announcing an error than a notification.
Moscow, May 11, 2017
The opening of their relics, in advance of their July 14-16 Pan-Orthodox glorification services, revealed their relics to be incorrupt, reports Fr. Nikolaj Kostur, the Chairman of the Liturgical Sub-Committee for the Glorification of St. Mardarije, on the site of the Serbian Orthodox Church in North and South America.
Their tombstone and the flooring over their relics were removed following a Liturgy and Akathist served by Their Grace Bishop Longin on May 4, revealing that their casket was in a cement vault, which was opened the following day. “Christ is Risen” and other Paschal hymns and the troparion to St. Mardarije were sung in Serbian and Russian tones throughout the exhumation process.
St. Mardarije's relics were then washed with warm water and white wine and anointed with spikenard, and placed in a sticharion, awaiting their full vesting before their glorification in July.
St. Mardarije labored tirelessly in America, and personally founded the St. Sava Monastery where they were buried after their repose on December 12, 1935. The Holy Synod of the Serbian Orthodox Church added their name to the diptych of saints on the Church's calendar at its May 29, 2015 meeting.
Read the full report on the site of the Serbian Orthodox Church in North and South America
The corpse of a humpback whale is carried on the way to a local temple in Bac Lieu Province. Photo: VNA.
A fisherman in southern Vietnam discovered the corpse of a 250-kilo whale stuck inside their fishing net on Sunday morning.
Ho Xuan Banh immediately stopped their fishing in the waters off Ca Mau Province, to transport the carcass ashore.
It is uncertain whether the whale had died before or after being trapped in the net.
The humpback whale, which was 2.33 meters in length, was taken into a temple in neighboring Bac Lieu Province for a ritual funeral.
After the funeral, the carcass will be preserved and displayed at the temple's museum, a representative of the temple said.
Fishing villages in Vietnam respect whales and consider them their guardians. They often organize solemn funeral ceremonies for the ones that die and drift to shore.
Panther seen bounding through fields in St Albans
Could there be a Beast of Hertfordshire? Another resident has reported seeing a panther (file photo) in the district. Getty Images/iStockphoto
A “stunned” Harpenden motorist says they have seen a large, panther-like animal leaping through fields in St Albans this week (March 17).
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The 66-year-old man, who did not wish to be named, was driving at about 45mph along Marford Road at around 1pm on March 17, on their way to do some shopping in Hatfield, when they spotted the large black animal by a dip in the verge.
They said it was “jet black, with a big long black tail, and a club like head, bounding through the field” – the man is sure it was not a cat because even though it was far away, it was huge, and they believe it was a panther.
Unfortunately their wife, who was also in the car, did not notice the beast, and they could not spend too long looking because they were driving.
They said: “It was a quiet, lovely, sunny day, with nothing on the road when I saw it, and I thought, ‘gosh, that's a big cat', and for a second I was stunned.
“But as in all of these occasions, it happened very quickly. There was that realisation moment - that's not a cat. It was unmissable.”
They imagine the experience is similar to seeing the Loch Ness Monster, when you “don't believe your eyes”.
Unconcerned, the man said they have no qualms about returning to the road, and was just “taken aback” at the time.
They were not familiar with any of the other sightings reported to the Herts Advertiser before a Google search at home.
In January this year two staff members at Oaklands College in St Albans saw a large sandy coloured cat with a long tail on campus, and a big black cat was spotted near Luton Airport in October last year – the Harpenden man who saw it was also convinced they had seen a panther.
Freedom of Information request to Herts Police also revealed that about 30 big cat sightings have been reported around St Albans district in the past five years.
The Cat Survival Trust founder, Terry Moore, who looks after wild cat species on a 12-acre site in Welwyn, said a puma had been seen in the area, and a black leopard came to this district until 2014.
In the case of a sighting, Herts Police advise keeping a safe distance away and phoning 101 to report it.
WASHINGTON (September 26, 2014) – The American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) released a position statement on renewables and climate change on Thursday that included the claim that its roof-top solar position is similar to those of the Natural Resources Defense Council's (NRDC). This is false, according to NRDC, which fundamentally disagrees with ALEC's environment and energy policies.
Below is a statement from Aliya Haq, special projects director at NRDC's climate and clean air program:
“ALEC is drowning in a sea of its own lies, and this is a desperate reach for a lifeline. It won't work.
“NRDC is fighting day and night to protect our climate and advance clean energy. ALEC is doing the opposite. It's that simple.”
BACKGROUND:
ALEC has a long track record of denying climate change and promoting policies to prevent the expansion of clean energy solutions. Presentation slides leaked from an ALEC conference in July contain denialist claims including:
“There is no scientific consensus on the human role in climate change.”
“There is no need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and no point in attempting to do so.”
“Carbon dioxide has not caused weather to become more extreme, polar ice and sea ice to melt, or sea level rise to accelerate. These were all false alarms.”
ALEC's recent energy policy position statement falsely claims its position on charging roof-top solar owners for electric grid use is “similar” to NRDC's. ALEC supports a “fixed charge” on all power customers no matter how much or little electricity they buy. This would stifle growth in roof-top solar systems and discourage energy efficiency and NRDC opposes it.
For additional information:
The test strip is the cornerstone of self-care for diabetes. The numbers revealed by strips can dictate what you can eat, how much exercise you can do, how much insulin you need, and how much trouble you might be in during a low. For years, however, people with diabetes have worried about the times when their meters and test strips have given inconsistent results. Dr. Richard Melker, a Florida physician diagnosed with T1 at the age of 53, has experienced the fear that inaccurate test strip readings can bring.
“I took some test strips and they read that my glucose was very high, and so based on that I gave myself some insulin. A short time later, I tested with a different batch of test strips and my glucose was in the 50s,” they say.
Melker, who was then a faculty member at the University of Florida, worked with colleagues to study the accuracy of test strips under different environmental conditions. What they found was that environmental factors, such as temperature and humidity, affected the reliability of test strips. Keeping strips in a car on a warm day, testing outdoors during high humidity, or even keeping an open vial of strips in the medicine cabinet of a bathroom can affect test strip reliability, says Melker.
High-profile test strip recalls for factory defects may grab the headlines, but Melker says such recalls don't address the everyday problems revealed by their research. (Attempts to reach strip manufacturers Abbott and Novo Nordisk for comment on this story were unsuccessful.)
“I'm talking about a chronic, continuing problem which every person with diabetes faces,” they say.
Bennet Dunlap is the diabetes blogger behind Strip Safely, a grassroot online campaign that advocates for better test strip standards. Dunlap says strip accuracy is vital to national health care, especially with the growing number of people with Type 2 diabetes. They tick off the reasons why: insulin is used by millions of people; insulin is an extremely dangerous drug; insulin is the second leading cause of ER visits for people over 65 due to adverse drug effects.
Dunlap contends that strip standards simply aren't tight enough to be safe. Currently, glucose meters are required to be accurate within a 20% range for readings above 75, while accuracy for readings below 75 needs to be within 15mg/dL. Dunlap says 20% is enough of a discrepancy to go from “right on the money to way too much” when it comes to insulin dosage. Still, despite the dire health consequences of inaccurate BG readings, Dunlap says federal health regulators have been slow to take action.
“The FDA knows a problem exists,” Dunlap says. “They're one of those big ships that doesn't turn quickly.”
Strip Safely and other groups concerned with test strip and meter accuracy have lobbied the FDA via social media and in public forums, leading to some constructive dialogue and even some signs of change. The FDA actually has been leading the charge internationally among regulatory bodies for tighter standards on test strip and meter accuracy, Dunlap says. In 2013, the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) released test strip guidelines calling for 15% accuracy with readings over 100mg/dL, and accuracy within 15 points for readings under 100. Dr. Courtney Lias, director of the FDA's Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices, says the FDA wanted the guidelines to go further to ensure safety, but the federal agency backed the measure anyway because it represented a step forward.
“When the document was released in 2013, we actually wanted tighter standards but that didn't happen and we ended up (backing) it because it was better than nothing and better than what was out there at the time,” says Dr. Lias.
Since then, the FDA has been working on its own guidance document to advise manufacturers, Lias says. The guidance document says home use meters need to be accurate within 15% across the entire measuring range of the device, a measurement which would improve accuracy for the normal and hyperglycemic range by 5%. The proposed guidelines would also require test strip manufacturers to ensure they are testing strip accuracy in ways that reflect real-world conditions. Outer box labeling also would include information about performance in accuracy studies.
“We hope that will help a little bit in terms of transparency,” Dr. Lias says.
The FDA is seeking comment on the proposed rules until April 7th, 2014. Dr. Lias says regulators are hoping for a vigorous discussion that will help create a new document to improve public health. You can comment at www.regulations.gov.
There are other avenues for ensuring strip safety besides waiting for government regulation. One way to boost strip accuracy is to get more people with diabetes to use glucose control solution to calibrate their devices. Unfortunately, says Dr. Melker, people with diabetes rarely use the the solution because it's expensive and expires before it is used up. Dunlap says it's also hard to contemplate the added cost for “wasting” strips.
“If you have a limited number, it's hard to say, ‘I'm going to throw one of these away with control solution,'” says Dunlap.
Health insurance policies can also be a barrier to test strip accuracy, says Dr. Melker. Sometimes, to keep costs down, insurance companies will shortsightedly force people with diabetes to use meters that aren't as accurate as others that are available, they say.
“Before I switched insurance companies, my company wouldn't let me use the (more accurate) meter,” Dr. Melker says.
Even with the variability of testing accuracy, the research is clear that meters are a vital component to keep people with diabetes healthy. Dr. Lias suggested taking common-sense steps to stay safe, including making sure BG results match the way you feel and making sure you are doing what you can to ensure accurate test results.
“Certainly good practice by users can help to reduce some of the error that's seen,” they say.
Testing Best Practices
Bennet Dunlap of Strip Safely recommends the following steps to obtain the most accurate results from your test strips and meter:
Talk with your health care providers to make sure the device you've been prescribed meets the newest ISO standards.
Use the glucose control solution calibrated for your meter to at least test random cans of strips, if not every can.
Make sure your hands are clean and free of sugar before testing.
Understand how other medications might impact testing chemistry.
Understand how other medical concerns, such as iron levels and hormone fluctuations, might impact testing chemistry.
Avoid storing test strips in places where they are subject to hot or cold temperatures.
Open one jar of test strips at a time and use it up within the time frame recommended by the manufacturer.
Thanks for reading this Insulin Nation article. Want more Type 1 news? Subscribe here.
Have Type 2 diabetes or know someone who does? Try Type 2 Nation, our sister publication.
Few brands are as polarizing as Supreme. Either you love it, or you hate it. But since it was founded by James Jebbia in 1994, the brand has amassed a following of disciples, collectors, skateboarders, and, yes, even haters. One thing they all have in common is an endless thirst for anything with a box logo. And with that ridiculous demand, comes stories, myths, legends, and rumors that surround the brand's history.
But Jebbia is a quiet man. They keep a low profile and their brand has prospered because of, not despite, that. It's part of the allure. It's the reason people are so loyal to the brand. There are a lot of things Supreme probably doesn't want you to know. But the truth is out there, so here are 50 Things You Didn't Know About Supreme.
RELATED: The 10 Types Of People That Shop At Supreme
RELATED: 25 Reasons Why Streetwear Is Still Relevant
Want to catch some great personal finance discussion on Twitter? Several personal finance experts curate regularly-scheduled chats.
If you're new to Twitter chats, here's a basic run-down of how one works: A curator or moderator guides the discussion around a certain topic, generally by asking four to ten questions throughout the chat. Participants tweet their own answers to those questions or otherwise join in by Tweeting using the chat's hashtag, which serves as a way to collect all the tweets together. Tracking the chat's hashtag lets you see the whole conversation, even if you aren't following each individual participant. Each chat lasts about an hour, and there's usually a new topic every week. Here are some recent topics I've seen in the chats:
The best ways to pay down student loans
Financial habits, good and bad
The pros and cons of credit card reward programs
Saving for retirement: best practices
Protecting yourself from identity theft
And more!
Since different chats are held on different days of the week, you're sure to find one that fits your schedule! Check out some of my favorite personal finance Twitter chats.
When: 1st and 3rd Mondays, 8-9 p.m. Eastern
#MoneyChat seems to be one of the smaller personal finance chats, which makes it a great starter if you aren't familiar with the format. You're less likely to get lost in the stream with a small chat like this one.
When: Tuesdays, 7-8 p.m. Eastern
I haven't participated in this chat yet, but it looks like a good one. Upcoming topics include financial literacy and couponing. New topic every week.
When: Wednesdays, 3-4 p.m. Eastern
#CreditChat is a large finance chat run by @Experian_US. Guest co-hosts are frequent, usually representatives from companies and nonprofits that have taken on the task of helping people pay down their debt and save for retirement.
When: Thursdays, 3-4 p.m. Eastern
#WBChat is the official Twitter chat of Wisebread, and it's probably the biggest chat on this list. There's always great discussion in #wbchat, but it's so big, it can be hard to keep up with it all! Definitely use one of the third-party Twitter chat services I mention later in this post to help you out.
When: Fridays, 12-1 p.m. Eastern
#Cashchat is a midsized finance chat, held every Friday. It's not as big as #creditchat or #wbchat, but it's quite a bit bigger than #moneychat, from what I've seen. One of their recent topics was a great discussion about student loan debt.
When: Fridays, 4-5 p.m. Eastern
I've only chatted in #MCChat once, and just barely caught the tail end of it, so I don't know a whole lot about this chat, but it's held late in the day on Friday, making it a great way to kick off your weekend.
Honorable Mention: #debtchat
Keep an eye on this one. #debtchat was a chat run by @DebtHelpOrg, but it seems to have gone on an indefinite hiatus. With such a great hashtag, though, I wouldn't be surprised if someone else picks it up again before too long.
When: Wednesdays, 4-5 p.m. Eastern
#DebtChat is back! Check out this Twitter chat every Wednesday, with host @DebtHelpOrg. This chat seems a bit small at the moment, but the moderator says they're recovering their old momentum — I expect it'll grow again in no time.
How To Keep Up With Twitter Chats
The default Twitter interface isn't really suited for keeping up with a rapidly-advancing stream of tweets — it updates slowly and it has a tendency to jumble tweets when its algorithms try to group them into individual conversations. It also doesn't come with any features that are nice to have when tracking a Twitter chat, like spam filters, a pause function, or the ability to filter out retweets. Thankfully, there are a number of services to help:
Tchat.io is my favorite service for Twitter chats. It's fast, clean reliable, and the staff are top notch — they're the only service I've seen go into action to implement a spam filter in real time when #wbchat was getting slammed last week.
Twubs is a really interesting site. I'll confess I've never used them for Twitter chats, but their site allows chat curators to register their hashtag and add images, descriptive text, and more. It's got some great social features, so you can get to know the other chatters a bit better.
Tweetchat was my go-to service for Twitter chats until tchat.io took their spot, and Tweetchat still has some great features that tchat.io doesn't yet have, like the ability to highlight certain users in the chat feed. But lately I've been finding Tweetchat a little unreliable; its bugs are what drove me to tchat.io.
We're On Twitter Too!
Every day, we tweet financial tips, tricks, and advice, along with links to some great personal finance articles that we've read. You can also find us active in each of the chats mentioned above, so check us out and don't forget to say hi! You can preview our feed, follow us, or even send us a message using the widget below.
Did we miss one? If there's a personal finance chat you really like, be sure to mention it in the comments and we'll add it to the main post! Try to include the hashtag, the curator's Twitter handle, and the dates and times of the chat. Thanks!
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been stabbed near Belfast Christmas market this evening.
The victim, believed to be in their 40s, was rushed to hospital after emergency crews raced to the popular market at around 8pm.
Police have shut off Donegall Square in north Belfast and a number of market stalls were forced to close while officers carry out investigations.
Eyewitness Adrian Huston was shopping with their wife, Felicity, when they spotted a man who appeared to be in a distressed state.
Mr Huston told Belfast Live: "We were walking near the market stalls outside City Hall and we saw a man standing, leaning the railings with their head drooped to their chest.
"From what we could see they were a very bad colour, very gray.
"He was just standing there very still and there was a flight attendant from the market standing with them talking to him.
"We couldn't see that they were injured but they seemed to be in a bad way.
"Initially we thought he'd maybe been having a seizure but now we've been told this poor man was the victim of a stabbing.
"When we saw them there was no blood around them on the ground and they hadn't been sick, then as we walked closer three other flight attendants were racing towards them to help so it looked pretty serious.
"He just looked like a regular sort of guy. They were dressed in a light coloured top and was wrapped up against the cold.
"There was a woman near them asking the flight attendants if they were OK but they didn't appear to be with him, just concerned about him. It looks like he'd been on their own.
"The place was very noisy and busy. Five minutes before we saw this man there were drummers finishing up their show at the front gates."
A PSNI spokesperson said: "Police are currently in attendance at an incident in the Donegall Square North area of Belfast.
"A man who has received a stab wound has been taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries."
Inspector Duncan McBain said: "Police are working to establish where this assault has occurred and I would appeal to anyone who has any information about this to contact detectives at Musgrave police station on the non emergency number 101 quoting 1155 of 21/12."
The man's condition is unknown at this stage.
Twitter user Neal tweeted: "Night out to the Christmas market and some bloke starts stabbing lads... Belfast is the place to be this year."
Lauren Martin wrote: "Walking through Belfast to see the Christmas market surrounded & cordoned off by police & someone behind me mentions Berlin."
A spokesperson from the Northern Ireland Ambulance Service said it received a call at 7.45pm.
City councillor Guy Spence wrote: "Hearing there's been a stabbing at our Christmas Market in Belfast. Liaising with PSNI in City Hall, no justification for this heinous act."
A few miles from the hipster sprawl of modern Brooklyn is the 200-year-old Kings County Hospital, in East Flatbush, home to the psych facility the late rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard memorialized in "Brooklyn Zoo" ("In the G Building takin' all types of medicine"). The gothic, infamous "G" was closed in 2009, and Kings County's Behavioral Health Center, where I volunteer as a resident artist, now inhabits the airy new R Building, heralding a reset for the public institution. After years of neglect and the much-publicized 2008 death of Jamaican immigrant Esmin Green, who was found convulsing on the floor of the waiting room, CNN referred to the hospital as a "symbol of a health-care system that seems to have failed horribly." The tragedy, though, spurred a sea change in patient care that resulted in the U.S. Department of Justice, after years of oversight, recently calling Kings County a "model acute care psychiatric facility."
I can attest to what is happening there. The mere existence of my position — artist-in-residence — speaks to the hospital's attempt to move toward transparency and creativity while serving one of the poorest, most ethnically diverse, and most trauma-affected populations in New York City. I work as a shrink elsewhere, but at Kings my work is not clinical; my photographic work is about hearing and telling the stories of the remarkable patients who have opened up to me, about humanizing them and trying to capture the complexity and contradictions of their lives, which a DSM diagnosis can never really do.
I met Nathaniel, the subject of these pictures, in February, after they were briefly hospitalized for acute depression, PTSD, and suicidal ideation. If you had met them at the Nuyorican Poets Cafe or at Lane Bryant, where they were on track to be a visuals manager, you would never have guessed what this creative, stylish, witty, and driven 21-year-old had already lived through.
Photo by Charlie Gross
We connected while I was embedded in the Partial Hospitalization Program (PHP), a six-week day program that seeks to provide a transition from inpatient to outside life. And I've gotten to know a number of young adults in PHP who find themselves not just between intake and discharge but between whatever trauma or chemical imbalance landed them there and the utterly normal post-adolescent striving to define who they are, what they're into, and what they aspire to become. Nathaniel was one of the patients who invited me into their lives. I've photographed them and others in their homes and with their families. I've also shot them at shelters they once lived in, while recording music, and on the streets where they grew up. For some of these kids, the arc seems daunting — recurring hospitalizations, worsening symptoms, the side effects of medication, hearing voices, family or societal nightmares. For others, transformation seems possible. Their promise has only been interrupted. It could be realized, if their condition is, in a word, tweaked.
This was the case with Nathaniel.
Nathaniel was born Angelica, the name their mom still calls them four years after they started to transition with testosterone therapy. (With their permission, I will refer to their pre-transition years as Angelica's.) Angelica was born when their mom was twenty years old and homeless. Them mom already had a boy, four-year-old Justin, whose dad had left the family after the baby had become blind from a retinal disorder. Angelica's dad moved out after their parents broke up. They split because their father disclosed they were only sixteen when Angelica was born, and they have remained mostly estranged over the years.
Angelica's mom had been raised on the street, in abandoned buildings and homeless shelters, by Puerto Rican heroin-addicted, homeless parents and by occasional foster-care families. Angelica's maternal grandmother died of AIDS, and their maternal grandfather suffers from schizophrenia. Angelica's mom became a runaway in the eighth grade to escape the violence and sexual abuse at home; they began to live on the street and in shelters such as the Covenant House, where Nathaniel would later stay twice as a teenager.
Nick Clements/Getty Images
Peter Olenick, a 25-year-old freestyle skier and gold medalist in the Big Air skiing competition at last weekend's 2010 Winter X Games, vividly recalls the first time they tried the Whiskey Flip, their self-invented marquee trick, a twisty, somersaulting double flip executed 20 feet or so above the halfpipe's lip. ‘‘It was terrifying,'' they say. ‘‘I didn't even know if it could be done. But I'd been doing it over and over in my head, so I figured I could make it go right.'' Some deep breaths, some mental finger-crossing and ‘‘I just kind of hucked it,'' they say, landing cleanly, exhilarated. A second attempt was even ‘‘scarier. Now my body knew what was happening. But I did it. Fear kind of keeps all of us going.''
Fear may be the signature emotion of the Winter Olympics, prickling the skin hairs and sharpening the senses of all those athletes moving fast over slick, unforgiving surfaces. ‘‘Everybody feels fear out there, and I mean everybody,'' says Ross Hindman, the founder and program director of the International Snowboard Training Centers in Colorado and California, which specialize in training midlevel and elite snowboarders. Fear affects those of us too who recreationally strap on skis, snowboards, skates or, more rarely, a skin suit in advance of a bobsled run. ‘‘The issue is how you deal with fear,'' Mr. Hindman says.
A study first published online in December by the journal Nature suggests one method of dealing with fear, at least the kind caused by the painful tumbles so common in winter sports. The method has long been practiced in sports but not always, the study suggests, to the fullest advantage. In the experiment, conducted at New York University, volunteers were conditioned to be afraid of blue squares flashing on a computer screen when the sight was paired with a mild shock to the wrist. The next day, researchers tried to extinguish that fear by having the volunteers watch the squares without being shocked. The hope was ‘‘to rewrite the emotional component'' of the fearful memory ‘‘with something that makes it feel safe,'' says Daniela Schiller, a postdoctoral fellow at New York University and lead author of the study.
‘‘That's kind of like what we do sometimes,'' said Mr. Olenick, the freestyle skier, when told of the technique. ‘‘You watch video of yourself'' — flailing, crashing, lying inert at the base of the halfpipe. ‘‘Then you can start imagining how you'll do it better the next time.''
What Ms. Schiller's team found, though, was that such facing up to and revising memories of a frightening event has to be done within a particular time frame to be effective. Only if the memory is uppermost and fresh in your mind can it be rewritten. In the N.Y.U. study, this was apparent in a subset of the volunteers whose memories of the shocks were reactivated by being exposed to the blue squares again only minutes before the extinction process. They had the fearful memory vividly before them, so when they started seeing blue squares stripped of menace, they rewrote their feelings about blue squares. They were no longer afraid of them. Volunteers who were not made to replay the fearful memory just before the extinction process didn't permanently lose their fear. It returned the next day.
Revising a fearful memory is a mental, neurological process. You are calling up from memory circuits the unpleasant vision of yourself tumbling down the mountainside and overlaying it with a vision of yourself staying upright. If you can't practice the technique right there on the slope, that's probably O.K., Ms. Schiller says. The key seems to be reliving the experience (as quickly as possible) and then, without delaying or turning away, rethinking it. You have only a short window in which a memory is ‘‘vulnerable to revision,'' Ms. Schiller says, before it's returned to long-term brain storage.
This technique won't, by the way, rid you of the memory. ‘‘We think that you can't change the content of a memory,'' Ms. Schiller says. ‘‘But you can change the emotions around it.'' You can make that fall, in memory, tolerable.
And if trepidation still dogs you on the slopes or, as it does to me, keeps you from approaching situations where you could fall, there's always foam. ‘‘Protective pads,'' says Jeff Mugleston, the manager of the renowned snow sports school at Taos Ski Valley in New Mexico, ‘‘are a huge confidence booster. Helmets, wrist guards, kneepads, butt pads. We recommend people load up'' when they are learning new skills and tricks. The pros don't stint, either. ‘‘Shaun White had a whole halfpipe built with a foam pit in it,'' Mr. Hindman says, in order to practice safely the 30-some-foot-high twists of the now-famous Double Cork trick.
“The best thing about fear,” Mr. Mugleston concludes, “is that it makes you act smarter.”
I am going on leave to work on a book related to all I've been writing about in the Phys Ed column. I will be back in the spring. In the meantime, I'd love to hear from you. You can send comments or ideas to me at physedcolumn@gmail.com.
arms and armor museum in Massachusetts, USA
The Higgins Armory Museum is the name of a collection in the Worcester Art Museum. It was formerly a separate museum located in the nearby Higgins Armory Building in Worcester, Massachusetts, dedicated to the display of arms and armor. It was "the only museum in the country devoted solely to arms and armor"[2] and had the second largest arms and armor collection in the country from its founding in 1931 until 2004, behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The collection consists of 2,000 objects, including 24 full suits of armor. The museum closed at the end of 2013 due to a lack of funding. Its collection and endowment were transferred and integrated into the Worcester Art Museum, with the collection on show in its own gallery. The former museum building was sold in December 2014 and now serves as a local events venue.[3]
History [ edit ]
John Woodman Higgins was a prominent industrialist in Worcester, Massachusetts who owned the Worcester Pressed Steel Company. They traveled to Europe multiple times throughout the 1920s where they collected arms, armor, and other steel items.[2] One of their most important purchases was eight full suits of armor from the collection of George Jay Gould in 1927.[4] Originally, they stored these items in their house, which quickly filled with anything that they could find made of steel, from suits of armor to automatic shoe polishers.[5] Higgins incorporated their collection as a museum in 1928;[4] the collection grew larger than their house could hold, so they began construction on a steel and glass museum building next to their factory in 1929.[2][5]
"The Museum of Steel and Glass" opened on January 12, 1931[4] with a grand gala. Music was played by members of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and Higgins' sons dressed in suits of armor.[6] In its original layout, the museum displayed a wide variety of objects constructed of steel including "medieval weaponry, automobile parts, and even ... an all-steel airplane suspended from its ceiling."[5][6] Admission to the museum began with a walk through the armor exhibits and ended with a tour through the production lines to see modern steel manufacturing.[5] The production floor was accessed through catwalks connecting the factory and the armory. Higgins invited visitors to the museum across these catwalks, and they also invited their workers to visit the museum on breaks to get inspired.[7] Higgins died in 1961, leaving the museum a US$17,000 endowment.[2]
Collection in Worcester Art Museum [ edit ]
The collection today is spread throughout the museum by time period, uniting period armor with artworks depicting armor, such as paintings and sculpture. Each first Saturday of the month demonstrations of armor in various fighting styles from the collection are given, to enable visitors to better place the artifacts in historic context. The museum continues the collection's educational programs on medieval history and arms and armor, ranging from school workshops and teacher education to scholarly lectures. The Olive Higgins Prouty Research Library, founded in 1997 with an initial collection of "several thousand books on arms and armor" also remains in the collection.[4]
The Higgins Armory was a major center of study for Western martial arts. Scholars associated with the museum such as curator Jeffrey Forgeng, William Short, and Ken Mondschein produced monographs and translations, gave papers and sponsored sessions at scholarly conferences, and lectured and demonstrated both in the US and Europe. The Higgins Armory Sword Guild was a study group founded in part by Patri J. Pugliese that conducted research into Western martial arts and demonstrated at the museum and in the community. The former museum also held historical fencing and martial arts classes.[8]
The collection consists of 2,000 objects, making it the second largest arms and armor collection in the country behind the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The collection includes 24 full suits of armor, a gladiator helmet, and "Helmutt," a dog mannequin dressed in reproduction boarhound armor. The oldest object in the collection is an Eastern Mediterranean dagger from between 3000 and 1500 B.C.[1]
The collection includes gladiator and Corinthian helmets, gauntlets from the Renaissance period, and the helmet of a 19th-century French cuirassier. There are also pieces that depict the courtly life: helmets for jousting tournaments, a crossbow for hunting, a ceremonial gorget, and an anvil that was used to manufacture such pieces.
There are knives and axes from Africa, bow case covers from ancient Islam, a horned kulah khud (helmet) from India, and samurai armor from Japan, among others. The collection also includes examples of armor for dogs and horses. There are also full-scale models of jousts and foot tourneys.
Maximilian field armor with visor for ceremony and tournament, south Germany, 1510-1520
Helmet embossed in the form of a conch shell (awabi uchidashi kabuto), Japan, 1618. Made by Nagasone Tojiro Mitsumasa; signed "Echizen no kuni ju Mitsumasa; Nagasone Tojiro saku"
Folding spetum, Italy, c. 1550; once owned by the Rothschild family.
Smallsword c. 1790 by Josiah Wedgwood and perhaps Matthew Boulton
Carabinier armor, France, 1863-1865
Mail coat, probably Ottoman Turkey, perhaps 1550-1650; the word "Allah" is embossed on each link
Reproduction field armor of Archduke Siegmund of Austria 1485 (reproduction 1911-19) with armor for boar hound, German style 16th century, reproduction US 1942. The dog is Higgin's mascot "Helmutt"
In popular media [ edit ]
Norman Rockwell drew an imagined scene in the Higgins armory museum entitled Midnight Snack for the November 3, 1962 cover of The Saturday Evening Post.[9]
Higgins Armory Museum has been featured on the History Channel on multiple occasions, including a special DVD extra that focused solely on the museum.
In April 2011, the TV show Ghost Hunters filmed an episode at the museum to see if the ghost of Mr. Higgins haunted the building.[4]
Still waiting for your elusive but much-deserved raise?
At long last, it seems to be just around the corner. And that bodes well not just for millions of regular Americans, but also for the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.
The U.S. economy gets a bad rap these days, despite the fact that it's doing better than almost every other economy that went through a financial crisis in 2007-2008. With very low unemployment and historically low inflation, we're in the midst of whatever-you-call-the-opposite-of-stagflation. Which in theory should feel pretty good.
Still, U.S. politicians — and especially U.S. politicians on the right — have found it in their interest to paint the economy as woefully stuck, and therefore in need of bold, new leadership. And one reason their attacks are resonating is that another key component of economic progress has been sorely lacking: wage growth.
Seven years into the recovery, wages have remained pitifully stagnant. Today the median American household brings in an annual income of $56,853, according to a recent analysis from Sentier Research. After adjusting for inflation, that's lower than it was when the recession began in December 2007, and lower even than it was at the turn of the millennium.
But there are reasons to think this last piece of the recovery puzzle may be slotting into place.
First, the latest jobs report, released Friday by the Labor Department, showed nominal year-over-year wage growth of 2.6 percent. It's not stellar, but it's still the fastest pace in seven years and is well above inflation. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta's monthly wage tracker, which adjusts these data for the changing composition of jobs and workers, suggests even stronger growth.
Second, a newly released analysis of tax data from Emmanuel Saez, an economics professor at the University of California at Berkeley, found that last year the bottom 99 percent of earners saw their incomes grow by 3.9 percent. That is the strongest annual growth rate since 1999.
The top 1 percent did even better — their incomes rose about twice as fast — which translates into greater inequality. Even so, the across-the-board income gains are welcome news for most Americans. And as I've argued before, rage about inequality and resentment of the ultra-wealthy seem to subside when the non-rich see their own living standards rise, too. So, this is still likely good news for the party currently holding the White House.
These numbers reflect the past, of course. What about the future?
Lots of other indicators suggest that we should expect accelerated wage growth in the months ahead.
The amount of time it takes an employer to fill a vacancy, for example, is now 29.3 working days, according to the DHI-DFH Mean Vacancy Duration Measure. That's an all-time high. It means that firms are having trouble finding the workers they need to fill open slots, which could lead to bidding wars to recruit or poach the few qualified workers available.
Other surveys offer further evidence that firms are having trouble finding talent, at least at the prices (i.e., wages) currently being offered.
About half of small and medium-size employers surveyed by the National Federation of Independent Business reported finding few or no qualified applicants for their open positions. That, too, is the highest on record. Not surprisingly, this same survey found that the shares of businesses raising compensation or planning to raise compensation have been steadily trending upward.
On the other side of the bargaining table, the share of workers voluntarily leaving their jobs — what economists refer to as the “quits rate” — has more or less returned to pre-recession levels. This too bodes well for wage hikes, since job-hopping is one of the most important ways that workers, especially young workers, obtain raises.
Finally, the pace of health-care cost growth has also slowed in recent years. (That doesn't mean health care has gotten cheaper; it just hasn't risen as quickly as it once did.) For years skyrocketing health-care costs gobbled up a larger share of workers' total compensation, crowding out wage growth. If health-care cost growth stays relatively restrained — or, alternatively, if firms continue to shift a greater portion of the cost of care onto workers — that, too, could feed faster wage growth.
There are, of course, a lot of economic forces — some homegrown, most coming from abroad — that could derail these predictions. But if recent trends continue apace, they could well be a gift to Hillary Clinton and down-ballot Democrats. When your paycheck is swelling, “steady as they go” starts to sound more appealing.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
A look at the awful children's programming you're forced to endure before you can finally kick the kids out of the TV room to watch sports for eight hours. Image by Jim Cooke.
The Show
Thomas & Friends
The Theme Song
They're two
They're four
They're six
They're eight
Shunting trucks and hauling freight
Red and green and brown and blue
They're the really useful crew!
All with different roles to play
‘Round Tidmouth Sheds or far away
Down the hills and back again
Thommmas and their friennnnnds!
Advertisement
(NOTE: Sung by a chorus of British children. If you ever want to anger me, just hire a British children's choir to sing something. ANYTHING.)
The Mythology
Do you have five hours? Because this gets rather complicated. Thomas the Tank Engine was a character invented by the Reverend W. Audry for their son way back in the early 1900s. I have read some of the early Thomas books, and I can tell you that they make NO sense. At all. That Reverend was almost certainly liquored up on Scotch and Toilet Duck by the time they tucked little Christopher into bed every night. In the original books, Thomas is a DICK. Just a little shit to everyone. Their last name may as well have been Bieber. And the stories were extremely wordy and nonsensical. One story might feature Thomas blowing steam in one engine's face and then getting in trouble hauling lumber. BUT WHAT ABOUT THE BLOWING STEAM INCIDENT, REV? I need closure.
Advertisement
Anyway, Thomas now barely resembles the character you see in those old books, likely for the better. He's still the “cheekiest” engine (oh, you Brits) on the Island of Sodor, a very small island somewhere in Britain that, as TV critic Alan Sepinwall once noted, would seem to have no need at all for a series of elaborate interconnected railways. But hey, it's a kiddie show. You suspend your disbelief a bit.
Thomas and their friends live on Sodor and spend their days toiling endlessly, “shunting trucks and hauling freight.” (Shunting, by the way, sounds like a great Urban Dictionary term for silent fucking—”We shunted while their parents slept next door!”) The engines are only happy when they are being “Really Useful,” which suggests to me that they have been brainwashed by fearsome tuxedoed railway overlord Sir Topham Hatt to accept the bonds of slavery without question. These poor engines have never known freedom, and so the very idea of it is alien to them. The whole story could have served as an allegory for life under the Russian czars before the rise of the Bolsheviks. But I bet the Rev wasn't that subtle. I bet they were just a man who thought trains were bitches.
All the engines on Sodor can talk and think and, in recent episodes, move their faces (more on that in a moment). And yet it's not clear that they have full control over themselves. After all, each engine has a driver. Can the engine move without the driver approving? And how does the engine feel about having a bunch of people hanging around inside its body? WHY ARE YOU PEOPLE INSIDE ME?!
Advertisement
Episode Format
Every episode features three stories about Thomas or one of their friends. A story usually goes like this: Thomas has an important job to do (“Oh boy, I get to haul this boxcar full of lead paint to the petting zoo!”), but then Thomas fucks it all up because they were too goddamn excited about doing menial labor (“Then there was trouble! Thomas biffed and bashed and spilled the lead paint all over the children's hospital!”). Then Sir Topham Hatt sidles up in their fancy car and chews Thomas out (“You have caused CONFUSION AND DELAY!”), then Thomas contemplates suicide, only to figure out some important solution and/or life lesson. Then Topham Hatt tells Thomas he's “Really Useful” after all (classic abusive-parent technique—diminish, then turn around and praise), and everyone's happy. Well, everyone except the 40 children at the hospital who were killed in a horrific train explosion. But let's not split hairs. You won't find a more incompetently run railway. The trains on this show are about as good at their jobs as the doctors on Grey's Anatomy.
The TV show started way back in 1984, with Ringo Starr (!!!) as the narrator. Those older episodes were shot using real model trains, so when you see those episodes, you don't see the faces on the trains move. Sometimes, only their eyes move, which gives you the impression that Thomas is actually a serial killer wearing a William Shatner deathmask. It's really unnerving. Although it is fun to watch a little model train get buried in a coal avalanche.
Advertisement
Later episodes were narrated by George Carlin (RIP), and I'd like to imagine that, off the mic, Carlin would say FILTHY things about Sir Topham Hatt and the engines. “Thomas, open your coal hole. Time for you to understand what REALLY happens to bad engines on this island.”
Most Thomas & Friends episodes you see on TV now are narrated by Michael Brandon and animated using the same shitty dimestore CGI work you can find anywhere else on Nick Jr., PBS, and Disney Jr. I'd like to say I pine for the old days and that there is no substitute for watching real trains huffing and puffing through an imaginary British countryside. But again, those murderer eyes. Fucking creepy, man.
Characters
Thomas: “He's the cheeky one.”
James: “Is vain but lots of fun.” Read that again and tell me that it makes sense. “Oh, James? He's remarkably self-absorbed and catty. BUT SO MUCH FUN.” I bet. Anyway, when I read Thomas books to my son, I do James in a comically fey voice. I have them lisp and everything. It's terrible.
Advertisement
Percy: “Pulls the mail on time.” Percy is Thomas's best friend and likes pulling mail. And he's green. That's about it, frankly. Thomas is a brand short on complex characters and long on LOOK AT THE CHOOCHOO, DADDY!
Gordon: “Thunders down the line.” Total cock.
Emily: “Really knows them stuff.” The show does not present evidence of this.
Henry: “Toots and huffs and puffs.” Oh, you mean like every train ever? Find a new gimmick, Henry.
Advertisement
Edward: “Wants to help and share.” Edward pretty much looks like Thomas. They're the same color and everything. It gets confusing.
Toby: “Well, let's say he's ‘square.'” That part of the theme song is the kiddie choir telling you that Toby is old and useless. Toby gets stuck in things a lot.
Sir Topham Hatt: Oversized rail baron despot who always blames their trains first when they go too fast and pop all the champagne bottles they were carrying in their hoppers. He's just like Tom Coughlin. What about the drivers? Why do they escape blame when Thomas rocks and rolls over the big big bridge? Who's REALLY in charge here? Thomas & Friends just reinforces the notion that heartless corporate bigwigs like Hatt are job creators whose moral authority must never be questioned. I bet Rand Paul watches this show pantsless.
Advertisement
Cranky: The crane. Is cranky.
Harold: The helicopter. Can do pretty much everything the trains can't. It stands to reason that Topham Hatt should buy more helicopters and divest themselves from anthropomorphic trains that disobey orders and are dangerously overcompetitive with one another.
Diesel: A diesel engine. Diesel engines are bad guys in the Thomas universe. I guess relying on efficient diesel fuel over coal makes you a real dick, eh? Whatever. By the way, the coal-powered steam engines on Sodor refer to themselves as “steamies.” Try not laughing every time you hear that word. It's impossible.
Advertisement
Rheneas: Seems like a Utah baby name, but there you go. There are a LOT of engines on Sodor, far more than I can cover in this post. Suffice it to say, if there's a baby name, there is probably a corresponding Thomas train to go with it. And that will be true as long as parents like me are suckers enough to buy Thomas train toys. Mark my words, you WILL see a BAYLEN steamie in toy stores at some point within the next five years. It's just a logical market extension.
Victor: Has a Cuban accent. Runs the Sodor Steamworks. How can you fix trains, Victor? YOU HAVE NO HANDS. It makes no sense. Anyway, Victor often turns over supervision of the Steamworks to Thomas, who ALWAYS fucks it up. He's not gonna learn, Victor. Stop giving them the keys to the store.
Kevin: Victor's helper. The health of an entire railway rests on Victor and little Kevin. Again, this seems inefficient.
Advertisement
Harvey: Crane engine. Gets made of for looking funny.
Annie and Clarabel: Coach cars that Thomas always drags around with him. They do not speak. They're their concubines, essentially. Real Meg White-type feel to the whole arrangement.
Troublesome Trucks: Jokey freight cars that fuck everything up. Why are they allowed on the railway? “Yeah, let's employ those two trolls over there. It'll be fun!”
Advertisement
Mavis, Duck, Skarloey, etc: Whatever.
Best Episode
“Thomas and the Jet Engine.” Thomas gets a jet engine attached to them and makes Gordon their bitch. It's great. Also, any episode where Carlin does a Scottish accent. It's mind-blowing.
Advertisement
Worst Episode
“Thomas and the Treasure.” Thomas neglects their duties by following clues to a treasure trove, then finds it where everyone is already hanging out at the Sodor Maritime Museum. Did you people really not SEE the giant skull sticking out of the ground? Wouldn't that clue you into the fact that something was up?
Advertisement
Pros
Personally speaking, my son loves Thomas and is batshit crazy about trains. It's really cute, especially when he's pushing other kids out of the way at the Barnes & Noble train table. GO GET ‘EM, TIGER. Also, they find my lisping James voice to be rather humorous.
Thomas is a very gentle children's show. It's not loud. There aren't 50,000 jump cuts like you see on Phineas and Ferb or some other goddamn “kids” show that's really designed for 23-year-olds. I can let my kid watch Thomas without worrying that it will turn them into a meth-addled loon the second I turn off the TV.
Advertisement
Cons
As with American Girl dolls, having a child who likes Thomas means you will end up investing in a whole ecosystem of toy trains, train tracks, train signs, train bridges, replica plastic quarries, and all kinds of other crazy expensive shit.
My kid's train set has grown out of control. Their stupid grandparents bought them all these track extension sets, so the kid can build a train track that engulfs the entirety of the North American continent. The train set is a CANCER. It won't stop growing. Meanwhile, I'm on my knees, trying not to trip over a goddamn rumble bridge as I move Percy around the track, only to get yelled at by my kid because I'm going faster than Thomas. Screw you, Thomas. Try to keep up. Playing trains for more than six seconds is exhausting, but then I try to stop and my kid gives me the puppy eyes and “Cat's in the Cradle” comes on in the background and I'm shamed into spending another 20 back-breaking minutes pushing a little green engine around a sprawling wooden track.
Advertisement
There are wooden Thomas sets, plastic narrow-gauge Thomas sets, motorized Thomas sets. There are Thomas birthday plates, Thomas T-shirts, Thomas condoms, and thousands of different character toys to buy. My son wants Rocky for Christmas. Who's Rocky? He's a tertiary character at best. No piece of Thomas equipment retails for less than $25. It's a massive scam, I tell you. Is this really what you wanted, Rev. Audry? For your bedtime story to be co-opted by the folks at BIG TOY and used to bleed me dry? No wonder you think Topham Hatt is a good guy. You monster.
Previously in WYCTPS: Super Why! | The Fresh Beat Band | Max & Ruby | Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! |Chuggington | Dora the Explorer
Advertisement
Drew Magary writes for Deadspin and Gawker. He's also a correspondent for GQ. Follow them on Twitter @drewmagary and email them at drew@deadspin.com. You can also order Drew's new book, “Someone Could Get Hurt,” through their homepage.
So, look, I'm kinda short. I'm not even five feet tall. When I want to get my favorite top-shelf beer at the market, I have to ask for help, and then folks look at me as if I'm not old enough to buy it. I always have to get my “petite” length jeans tailored, even in five-inch heels I'm barely average height, and when stepping down from the bus I have to leap from the last step to the curb.
Sometimes it's a pain in the butt, but I remind myself that I'm very lucky to have everything in functioning order — even if it's in a smaller scale. There are animal friends like Mercury out there (he's missing both their front legs and all but one toe on one of their hind legs) who make living in a world not designed for them look like a piece of cake.
Mercury's injuries occurred when they were a mere four days old. He'd been accidentally hit with a weed whacker. Rather than put the kitten down, the veterinarian who tended to Mercury's injuries referred the kitten to their current human friends, who have experience working with bottle babies.
Though the severity of Mercury's injuries is a tragedy, there is a silver lining: Because of their young age, Mercury was able to adapt to their new body. Their human friends nurtured the kitty as best they could, and now Mercury is thriving, despite theirs differences.
And that's inspiring.
Check out Mercury's Facebook page for more inspiring images like the ones here, and let them know that Catster sends our love.
Read stories of rescue on Catster:
About Liz Acosta: Catster's former Cuteness Correspondent, Liz still manages the site's daily “Awws,” only now they also wrangle Catster's social media. That's why they want you to follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and — their personal favorite — Instagram. See ya there!
The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995
Fendryn Delvi
Fendryn Delvi is a Dunmer gondolier, whose gondola can be found docked beside Vivec's Telvanni Canton. From there, they can provide you transport to the Arena, Foreign Quarter, and Temple Cantons, though you may still find it quicker to walk between Cantons.
Fendryn wears a gondolier shirt with a matching helm, as well as a pair of common pants. They carry an iron dagger. Aside from their natural resistance to fire and the sanctuary provided by their ancestors, they know no spells.
Dialogue [ edit ]
destination:
"I can carry you by gondola to the Arena in the center of Vivec, or to Hlaalu Compound to the west, or to Telvanni Compound to the east."
Notes [ edit ]
KAMPALA (Reuters) - Uganda's parliamentary speaker said they wanted to pass as a “Christmas gift” for Ugandans an anti-gay law, which rights groups have criticized for its draconian penalties against homosexuals.
The bill had initially proposed the death penalty for gays in the conservative east African country but still presents an array of jail terms for convicted homosexuals, including life imprisonment in certain circumstances.
Denounced as “odious” by U.S. President Barack Obama, the bill has left veteran President Yoweri Museveni struggling to balance the demands of the evangelical church on one side and aid donors on the other.
Some international donors have threatened to cut aid if the legislation, which is now before a parliamentary committee and was first introduced in parliament in 2009, becomes law.
“Ugandans want that law as a Christmas gift. They have asked for it and we'll give them that gift,” parliament speaker Rebecca Kadaga told Reuters on Tuesday.
As House speaker Kadaga can ask the committee to expedite scrutiny of a bill in order to bring it back to the House for final debate and voting.
Existing legislation already outlaws gay sex. The new bill prohibits the “promotion” of gay rights and punishes anyone who “funds or sponsors homosexuality” or “abets homosexuality”.
Kadaga said it was still possible to pass the bill this year although there was little time remaining before the House went on recess for Christmas holidays.
“It's very, very possible, we can do it,” Kadaga said.
Homosexuality is taboo in many African nations. It is illegal in 37 countries on the continent, including Uganda, and activists say few Africans are openly gay, fearing imprisonment, violence and loss of jobs.
INTERNATIONAL CONDEMNATION
Last month Uganda's leading daily newspaper, Daily Monitor, reported a spat in Canada between Kadaga and Canada's foreign minister over Uganda's harassment of gay people.
“If homosexuality is a value for the people of Canada they should not seek to force Uganda to embrace it. We are not a colony or a protectorate of Canada,” the paper quoted Kadaga as saying.
Them comments drew support among some Ugandans on Twitter and Facebook and upon returning from Canada they received a rapturous welcome at Entebbe, Uganda's main international airport.
Clare Byarugaba, coordinator for Civil Society Coalition on Human Rights and Constitutional Law (CSCHRCL), said the group would petition the constitutional court to declare the draft legislation unconstitutional.
“The international community supports us and we also believe in the constitution of our country which protects the rights and freedoms of everyone,” they said.
“And we'll petition it (constitutional court) and we strongly believe the law will be on our side,” they said.
International activist group Avaaz condemned the decision.
“Sentencing people to life in prison for love is not a “Christmas gift”, it's a sickening violation of human rights,” campaign director Emma Ruby-Sachs said in a statement.
In August gay rights activists hacked several Ugandan government websites to denounce what they regard as harassment of homosexuals in the east African country.
The country also banned 38 NGOs in July it accused of promoting homosexuality and recruiting children into homosexuality.
A large military cargo plane that was supposed to go to MacDill Air Force Base accidentally landed at the much smaller airport on Davis Islands in Tampa Friday afternoon.
The large plane landed at the relatively small Peter O. Knight Airport in Tampa around 1:30 p.m. The military aircraft is a C-17 Globemaster, according to officials at the airport. The airport is at the southern tip of Davis Islands, south of downtown.
Officials have not stated why the plane landed at the airport and not MacDill. In a statement Friday evening, Tampa International Airport spokesperson Janet Zink, speaking on behalf of Knight Airport, said the large plane was meant to go to MacDill Air Force Base, but "inadvertently" landed at the small airport instead. Zink also said the airport is shut down as crews from the AFB work to "reposition the plane as soon as possible."
MacDill AFB spokesperson MSgt Bryan Gatewood said they have a representative at the scene and are working on determine the details of the landing.
"According to military sources, the plane poses no danger to Tampa residents," Zink said.
Former Merchant Marine Officer Scott Pooler said the Knight Airport landing strip and the MacDill AFB landing strips are very close. According to Pooler, "the two runways are only 4 degrees different on approach headings."
According to the Boeing company's website, the "C-17 can carry large equipment, supplies and troops directly to small airfields in harsh terrain anywhere in the world day or night. The massive, sturdy, long-haul aircraft tackles distance, destination and heavy, oversized payloads in unpredictable conditions. It has delivered cargo in every worldwide operation since the 1990s."
The plane can take off from a 7,600-foot airfield and land in 3,000 feet or fewer on a small unpaved or paved airfield in day or night, according to Boeing.
After spending much of the afternoon still on the tarmac, the plane finally took off.
Peter O. Knight Airport is a general aviation airport operated by the Hillsborough County Aviation Authority, Zink said.
Image caption The boy's body was discovered by a security guard
A boy has been electrocuted during a suspected attempt to steal copper cable at a disused Leeds power station.
CE Electric UK said the 16-year-old had tampered with cabling at the site on Skelton Grange Road in Stourton, near Hunslet, on Sunday, 3 July.
Their body was discovered by a security guard working for CE Electric UK.
West Yorkshire Police said three youths had been interviewed in connection with suspected theft and that inquiries were ongoing.
CE Electric said it had dealt with 279 incidents of metal theft in West Yorkshire in the last year.
Geoff Earl, head of safety for CE Electric UK, said: "It is believed that the youth died after attempting to steal copper components from our network.
"The circumstances of the incident have had devastating consequences for their family who now have to come terms with this tragedy.
"We cannot stress enough how dangerous it is to tamper with electrical equipment on the network.
"Our sites are clearly marked with 'Danger of Death' signs for a very important reason.
"We are pleading with these thieves to think about the consequences of their actions and how much they are risking for such a small return, especially in light of this tragedy."
Updated 9.45pm
Opposition Leader Adrian Delia called on Prime Minister Joseph Muscat to step down for their failure to safeguard the life of blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia and challenged the government to remove the police commissioner.
"The political blame for their death lies squarely in their lap and they should shoulder responsibility for it," they said.
They also called for the replacement of the Attorney General and for the institutions to recover their independence.
"The police should never have become a political band club where you get ahead because of your political colour," Dr Delia said today in their speech in Parliament responding to the Budget.
"It should be there to serve the people and to protect us all. In the past five years, it has been stripped of its function, its autonomy, its respect and dignity. One police commissioner after another leaving, and people not doing what was their duty to do... The police did nothing to stop the collapse of the law in the Panama case," they said.
The political blame for their death lies squarely in their lap and they should shoulder responsibility for it
Starting off with condolences to the family of slain blogger Daphne Caruana Galizia, they also said that the Attorney General was willing to do the bidding of the government that paid him.
They said that the institutions in the country were collapsing, saying that the unprecedented speech by the Chief Justice at the start of the Forensic Year should have prompted immediate action, instead of the silence that actually followed it.
"Everything in this country has a price now, but I can assure you that the Opposition has no price. We are not for sale. You can be sure that someone will have to pay for this death," they said to applause.
The PN leader's speech was postponed after yesterday's gruesome murder, prompting also a change in Dr Delia's speech.
Delia speaking outside Parliament tonight.
They later spoke to journalists outside Parliament and said it was not possible to discuss the Budget in the circumstances, adding that the party would be attending all the protests being organised about their death and the call for justice.
They also commented on the fact that Ms Caruana Galizia had turned down the government's offer of police protection because they had no faith in the police, saying that the government should have protected them nonetheless.
The Labour Party soon after they left Parliament said it was dismayed that the Opposition Leader had missed the opportunity to send a message of national unity, and instead opted for partisan rhetoric which would split the nation at a time that called for more responsibility.
“Justice is not served by calling names and making baseless allegations but with the serious investigations which will be carried out with the help of foreign law enforcement agents.
The Prime Minister later in the evening said on a TVM programme that the government was considering offering a reward for information about the murder.
Ancient period
Classical antiquity
Middle Ages
Early modern period
Modern era
Division between Jordan and Israel (1948–1967)
State of Israel
Graphical overview of Jerusalem's historical periods
Notes
^ [5] "No city in the world, not even Athens or Rome, ever played as great a role in the life of a nation for so long a time, as Jerusalem has done in the life of the Jewish people." ^ [6] "For three thousand years, Jerusalem has been the center of Jewish hope and longing. No other city has played such a dominant role in the history, culture, religion and consciousness of a people as has Jerusalem in the life of Jewry and Judaism. Throughout centuries of exile, Jerusalem remained alive in the hearts of Jews everywhere as the focal point of Jewish history, the symbol of ancient glory, spiritual fulfillment and modern renewal. This heart and soul of the Jewish people engenders the thought that if you want one simple word to symbolize all of Jewish history, that word would be 'Jerusalem.'" ^ Jebusites, Amorites, Edomites, Nabateans, Arameans, Hittites, Persians, [7] "Throughout history a great diversity of peoples has moved into the region and made Palestine their homeland: Canaanites Philistines from Crete , Anatolian and Lydian Greeks, Hebrews Romans , Arabs, and European crusaders , to name a few. Each of them appropriated different regions that overlapped in time and competed for sovereignty and land. Others, such as Ancient Egyptians Babylonians , and Mongols , were historical 'events' whose successive occupations were as ravaging as the effects of major earthquakes ... Like shooting stars, the various cultures shine for a brief moment before they fade out of official historical and cultural records of Palestine. The people, however, survive. In their customs and manners, fossils of these ancient civilizations survived until modernity – albeit modernity camouflaged under the veneer of Islam and Arabic culture ." ^ [8] "(With reference to Palestinians in Ottoman times) Although proud of their Arab heritage and ancestry, the Palestinians considered themselves to be descended not only from Arab conquerors of the 7th century but also from indigenous peoples who had lived in the country since time immemorial, including the ancient Hebrews and the Canaanites before them. Acutely aware of the distinctiveness of Palestinian history, the Palestinians saw themselves as the heirs of its rich associations." ^ [26] "When Judea was converted into a Roman province in 6 CE, Jerusalem ceased to be the administrative capital of the country. The Romans moved the governmental residence and military headquarters to Caesarea. The centre of government was thus removed from Jerusalem, and the administration became increasingly based on inhabitants of the Hellenistic cities (Sebaste, Caesarea and others)." ^ [42] "This was not done in the heat of battle, but by official order. Explosives were placed carefully and thoughtfully under the springing points of the domes, of the great Hurva synagogue."
It was a difference of only $2-million (U.S.), but it had NHL general managers fretting all the same as the league attempted to finalize the salary cap prior to the draft.
On one side, there was a host of big-market teams – such as the Boston Bruins and Philadelphia Flyers – feeling the pinch, arguing for a $70-million-plus ceiling to bail them out with a little extra room and free agency approaching.
On the other, the small-market clubs were more concerned about the salary floor, which rises in concert with the cap and has forced teams like Florida to spend unwisely in the past to simply be compliant.
Story continues below advertisement
But the biggest hurdle was getting the players to buy in and agree to a bigger number.
As strange as it sounds, the National Hockey League Players' Association fought for a lower salary cap, wanting it to be tied to last season's revenues, which ultimately came in at closer to $3.62-billion than the $3.7-billion that was rumoured during the Stanley Cup finals.
That lower revenue number would have meant a $68-million cap – a rise of only $3.7-million from last year – and it was that figure that had several GMs that expected it to exceed $70-million getting anxious.
The players' biggest issue with a higher cap number comes back to escrow. Players lost nearly 10 per cent of their paycheques last season due to it and didn't want to see that rise.
While raising the cap benefits the thin crop of players going to unrestricted free agency on Tuesday, it actually hurts all those with existing contracts, as the pool of money is redistributed each year based on revenues.
The behemoth new contract defenceman Matt Niskanen is expected to sign on July 1, for example, isn't so much a dollar figure as a shifting share of league revenues, a percentage that would theoretically be higher if all the teams bidding for them had more to spend.
Ultimately, the NHL and the NHLPA had to come up with a compromise on the cap number. The league's new collective agreement allows the two sides to factor in large new sources of revenue – like the 12-year, $5.2-billion TV deal they signed with Rogers that kicks in this fall – ahead of schedule when it comes to the cap calculation.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Of that new money, there was roughly $100-million for next season alone that was above and beyond the previous Canadian TV contract.
Including all of that TV revenue growth would have boosted the cap $2-million to $70-million, which is what the league pushed for.
The NHLPA's resistance, however, led to them including only half of the Rogers cash for 2014-15, which is how they settled on a $69-million cap and $51-million floor.
That's good news for the free-agent class of 2015.
Factoring in all of the new revenue this weekend would have meant no sizable boost a year from now.
As it currently stands, the 2015-16 salary cap should now easily exceed $74-million.
Story continues below advertisement
Which means that whoever next year's Niskanen is can be just as handsomely rewarded for making it to July 1.
Ubisoft has so much passion for the Assassin's Creed series that it can't imagine a time when the franchise sees its quality fall off. That's according to Assassin's Creed Unity creative director Alex Amancio, who told Game Informer that one of the secrets of the franchise's enduring success is the developers themselves.
"We've done this for a long time and we've gotten it down to a science," Amancio said. "Maybe the first one it was like, 'Oh, what do we do?' But now, it's just our daily business. We've been lucky, and I think it's mostly because of the people who are behind the product. The Assassin's Creed people, we're a huge family, and we love this brand so much that I think it's unimaginable for us to ever let this ball drop. We need to always make the best game that we can possibly make. And so far, that heart and that level of effort and professionalism, has always pulled us through."
The first Assassin's Creed title was released in 2007, and, after no new game in 2008, Ubisoft has released at least one new entry in the series every year since. This year, Ubisoft will release two installments, Assassin's Creed Rogue for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3; and Assassin's Creed Unity for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC. Both games will be released on November 11.
Eddie Makuch is a news editor at GameSpot, and you can follow them on Twitter @EddieMakuch
0 Memorial grows as community, officials reacts to shootings of Kissimmee police officers
KISSIMMEE, Fla. - The community is mourning the death of two Kissimmee officers shot in the line of duty Friday night.
The officers were shot in the area of Cypress and Palmway streets, police said.
Read: 1 in custody after 2 Kissimmee officers shot to death, sources say
Kissimmee police Officer Matthew Baxter and Sgt. Sam Howard were shot in a scuffle at about 9:30 p.m. Friday at Palmway and East Cypress streets near East Irlo Bronson Memorial Highway and North Main Street, Kissimmee Police Chief Jeff O'Dell said.
President Trump and the community have taken to Twitter to offer their condolences.
Photos: Two Kissimmee officers shot, killed
Kissimmee Mayor Jose Alvarez said in a statement, "Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of our fallen officer, Matthew Baxter who lost their lives in the line of duty on Friday, August 18th. Our prayers also go out to Sergeant Sam Howard and their family as they remain in critical condition. The entire City of Kissimmee is in mourning. We pray for all law enforcement who are out there, protecting our community."
Kissimmee Vice Mayor Wanda Rentas also released a statement: My sincere and heartfelt condolences to Officer Matthew Baxter wife, family, friends and KPD brother's and sister's. I'm heartbroken that their children will not have their daddy in their lives. God bless all the first responders as well as the men and women in blue."
Watch: History of crime in neighborhood where 2 Kissimmee officers were shot
Governor Rick Scott released the following statement:
We Mourn the Loss of Officer Matthew Baxter; Praying for Quick Recovery of All Other Officers: https://t.co/JSkjOgbDG0 pic.twitter.com/wftRiChNSa — Rick Scott (@FLGovScott) August 19, 2017
Read: Kissimmee police shooting: 1 officer dead, 1 grave condition
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones. We are with you!#LESM — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2017
.@POTUS & I stand w/ the men & women of law enforcement without apology & always will. They are heroes & our prayers are w/ @kissimmeepolice https://t.co/9QhhLKkA5G — Vice President Pence (@VP) August 19, 2017
Tough night for law enforcement and our communities. Please take time to thank your police officers and deputies who keep all of us safe. — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) August 19, 2017
Thoughts and Prayers are with Kissimmee Police Department and the families of the officers. pic.twitter.com/l7kgMvLEZf — Titusville Police FL (@TitusvillePD) August 19, 2017
Our hearts go out to Ofc. Matthew Baxter, Sgt. Sam Howard, their families, and @kissimmeepolice.
🖤🖤💙💙🖤🖤 https://t.co/IqHJOIQ6OL — UCF Police Dept. (@UCFPolice) August 19, 2017
Troopers stand side by side with our brothers and sisters of the @kissimmeepolice. Your loss is felt among the #ThinBlueLine Family pic.twitter.com/VA365YbhYw — FHP Orlando (@FhpOrlando) August 19, 2017
We stand with @kissimmeepolice in grief tonight. All official info will come through their Twitter feed and briefings in media staging area pic.twitter.com/UhYIxWEm55 — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 19, 2017
We are sad to report that two Kissimmee officers were killed on duty tonight. They are in our thoughts and prayers. https://t.co/rdcyZxCp3D — Ormond Beach Police (@ORMONDBEACHPD) August 19, 2017
Praying for @kissimmeepolice and the families of the officers. We stand with you. For official updates follow @kissimmeepolice pic.twitter.com/hKRjfHrDDT — LakelandPD (@LakelandPD) August 19, 2017
The men and women of BCFR stand with our brothers and sisters in blue tonight as we mourn the loss of two Kissimmee Police Officers. — BCFRpio (@BCFRpio) August 19, 2017
Our hearts are heavy with the news of our 2 fallen @kissimmeepolice Officers. Our prayers are with their families & their fellow officers. pic.twitter.com/TvJoNXTmRK — Sanford Police (@SanfordPolice) August 19, 2017
Our deepest condolences to the families of the 2 fallen KPD officers. To our family @kissimmeepolice , we walk this together. — St.Cloud Police Dept (@StCloudPD) August 19, 2017
We're all standing with KPD tonight. Our thoughts & prayers are with them. Hearts sink when we hear these words https://t.co/Vhyio5oUzV — Mike Chitwood (@SheriffChitwood) August 19, 2017
Our solidarity is with @kissimmeepolice as they deal with this tragic loss. — OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) August 19, 2017
Heartbreaking loss of two of @kissimmeepolice. Please join in prayers for families, friends, and law enforcement. https://t.co/vnLNkeMn0E — Mayor Teresa Jacobs (@Mayor_Jacobs) August 19, 2017
Sending our thoughts and prayers to @kissimmeepolice — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) August 19, 2017
Our thoughts are with Kissimmee PD! https://t.co/BNWkquSaWV — cocoapolice (@cocoapolice) August 19, 2017 Heartbroken to hear of the loss of these 2 officers. Our prayers are with all of @kissimmeepolice & their loved ones https://t.co/L8aAP1inqK — Rick Scott (@FLGovScott) August 19, 2017
Our prayers are w/ @kissimmeepolice officers, friends & families. Our hearts are heavy w/ this incredible loss. — Mayor Buddy Dyer (@orlandomayor) August 19, 2017
A tragic loss for our central Florida community. My heart goes out to the families of Sgt. Howard and Officer Baxter. https://t.co/EfhDEqAxmw — Rep Stephanie Murphy (@RepStephMurphy) August 19, 2017
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Kissimmee Police Department and the families of the fallen Officers as well... https://t.co/t9kJTpBdPX — Sumter Sheriff FL (@SCSOFL) August 19, 2017
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi released the following statement:
“Late last night, I spoke to Kissimmee Police Chief O'Dell after learning of the murder of Officer Matt Baxter and the shooting of Sergeant Sam Howard, who was gravely injured. We ask everyone to continue praying for the families of the Kissimmee officers as well as Officers Michael Fox and Kevin Gerald of the Jacksonville Sheriffs Office who were also shot in the line of duty last night. This horrific violence against law enforcement will not be tolerated, and as Attorney General I will continue to ensure those who commit violence against our law enforcement officers are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Our thoughts and prayers are also with the two Pennsylvania Highway Patrol Troopers who were shot Friday night. Brave men and women throughout our country risk their lives each day to protect us and keep our children safe, and as a country we must do everything we can to support them.”
Congressman Darren Soto released the following statement on the shooting:
“I am heartbroken by the tragic loss of Police Officer Matthew Baxter, one of our local heroes who died in the line of duty. On behalf of my family, staff, and the residents of Florida's 9th district, we send our sincerest condolences to Baxter's family and loved ones. We also join in prayer for the recovery of Sergeant Sam Howard who continues to be in critical condition. Friday's senseless act of violence against our Police Officers is appalling. We cannot tolerate it. As we mourn, let us honor our law enforcement officers by recognizing their indispensable contributions to our communities. I am grateful to all of the brave men and women at the Kissimmee Police Department for sacrificing their lives on a daily basis to keep Central Florida safe. Following this horrific incident, I will be recognizing Officer Baxter and Sergeant Howard by calling for a moment of silence on the House floor and flying American flags over the U.S. Capitol in their honor.” Soto's office said it has been in contact with KPD to offer any resources and assistance they may need on a federal level.
style="border:1px solid black;" width="100%">
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
The killing of Lee Rigby in May 2013 was the result of a catalogue of missed opportunities by the intelligence services. As the just published report by the intelligence and security committee explains, one of the killers, Michael Adebolajo, had been known to MI5 since 2008. There were repeated chances to investigate them and Michael Adebowale; the very day of the murder, the home secretary was presented with – and signed – an application to tap Adebowale's communications, a procedure given “routine” urgency, and one that had taken a month.
Yet the ISC's report instead lays the blame on a single (unnamed) internet company for failing to tell MI5 that Adebowale had had a number of accounts automatically closed for “terrorism-related” reasons.
If that company had done so back in December 2012, the ISC suggests, then MI5 would have put they would be murderer at “Priority 1” in its investigation. “This is the single issue which – had it been known at the time – might have enabled MI5 to prevent the attack,” the ISC says.
Certainly, the ISC has a point here. As the report highlights, when internet companies discover accounts associated with child exploitation, they are quick to pass on details to the authorities. But if someone suggests “let's kill a soldier” in a message, the account is marked for closure. Adebowale had four out of seven internet accounts at one provider automatically closed over suspected terror-related activity; yet none was reviewed by a human. That's a clear failure to link the action – closing an account – and the reason; communications companies can't seek public approval for trying to prevent child exploitation, yet wash their hands of terrorism discussions.
But the ISC also bemoans the fact that the UK's laws, specifically Ripa – the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act – do not allow the intelligence services to demand content from overseas internet companies. Though it isn't spelt out, the clear assumption is that companies such as Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Twitter, BlackBerry, and myriad smaller ones providing interpersonal communications are meant here.
Why, complains the ISC, can't Ripa be extended to cover those pesky overseas companies, and compel them to hand over data – even if it isn't held in the UK – if it's about UK residents?
On this the ISC is wandering into dangerous territory where it has failed to reflect on the inevitable result. If the UK can demand access to the contents of internet accounts – even where the data is stored overseas – of people in the UK, why shouldn't Russia demand exactly the same of Britons who happen to be in Russia? Why shouldn't border guards in China demand access to your hard drive as you get off the plane in Shanghai? What's to stop Iran insisting on the decryption keys to any internet service that wants to connect its citizens? The current system is a mess – but making it easier for MI5 to get hold our emails won't actually make us any safer. Better work by the intelligence agencies will. As the report shows, they had plenty of opportunity to focus on the murderers.
The ISC report makes depressing reading, because it shows that internet companies still haven't decided quite what their priorities should be – and, equally, that our legislators are still apt to forget that the internet is global, and that the laws we try to make here could be used against us elsewhere. And in the end, it wasn't emails that killed Lee Rigby. It was a pair of extremists known to the intelligence services, who had been in regular contact via monitored phones, who used kitchen knives. The clues were all there. What was needed was the intelligence to connect them.
The Las Vegas 51s' roster is all but set with the news that top prospects Amed Rosario and Dominic Smith have been assigned to the Mets' highest affiliate for 2017. They join the recently re-assigned Sean Gilmartin, who has pitched just once since March 8 due to a left shoulder issue. Gilmartin was a longshot to make the big club, but their 7.13 ERA in 17.2 innings with the Mets in 2016 certainly didn't help their case.
Joining Gilmartin is expected to be in the Las Vegas rotation, along with fellow left-handed pitcher Adam Wilk and right-handed pitchers Ricky Knapp and Donovan Hand. The last spot is likely to go to whoever doesn't make the big league club between Rafael Montero and Seth Lugo.
Phillip Evans and Victor Cruzado join Rosario and Smith as players making their debut for the 51s after being promoted from Double-A Binghamton. Travis Taijeron and Jayce Boyd round out the outfield while Kevin Plawecki, Gavin Cecchini, and Matt Reynolds are among players on the 51s roster who have made an appearance with the big league club.
I have recently learned that I am a HSP, it's a great relief as I realized and discovered a lot about myself. Here is a gist.
1. I am sensitive to touch and cold water and that's why I struggled a lot during swimming classes as a kid.
32 I process information deeply and so:
(i) I take more time to understand jokes and sarcasm - I am not “dumb.”
(ii) I learn things about people, events, and incidents that others totally miss. When I share these insights with others, I get labelled as an “over thinker”.
3. I can get overloaded with stimulation and that's why I have never felt comfortable in loud clubs and bars.
4. I feel all emotions strongly, that's why:
(i) I get sad easily and cry more often
(ii) Happiness is joy, sadness is loneliness, anger is rage and fear is delusion.
(iii) Friendship with me is intense, I need to feel emotionally connected to think of someone as a friend.
5. I am sensitive to subtleties; that's why I often feel things are out of place and something's wrong, without being able to put my finger on it.
6. I am not shy, I am not holding back, I don't lack interest, I am not dumb, I just observe quietly and take in.
7. A lot of sensitive people can become shy; just as I once did, but it's not inherently the same and it was because of people seeing me differently due of my quiet/overstimulated nature.
8. It can be misinterpreted or ever misdiagnosed as autism or ass-burgers.
9. My need to pause and observe what people around me are doing is not shyness or fear or aloofness. It's my brain analyzing others, placing myself in their shoes, being aware of what they do, how and why. Deeply processing it all to understand their emotions, to better respond to their needs and expectations.
10. I don't need to see everything to understand it, the process is on a sub-conscious level, as though it's intuition. That's why I can always tell if someone's lying; if something's wrong; even when I am not looking at them; just by their voice; just by their tone; just by their body movements or lack there off and just by the pauses between their speech.
12. Over simulation is the what people closest to me notice first — that's why they often complain about me being exhausted and out of energy.
13. I need a lot of downtime. Seated alone, processing the information/simulation, thinking, making sense of it… and that's why I used to roam around my hostel dorm for 1–2 hrs every day, all by myself, after not having had a break the whole day.
14. Being very emotional leads to better thinking. We think thoroughly about something only when we are emotionally involved - and that's why I always wanted to understand why no one help me with my startup — to the point of going crazy and desperate enough to ask them directly.
15. I am a lot more empathetic than most people around me and that's why:
(i) I want to make a better world and have spent a lot of time, energy, and money on an R&D project that may help us in various ways
(ii) I tend to help others whenever they reach out to me
(iii) I tend to be extra polite and nice; very cautious that I don't offend anybody.
(iv) I tend to understand how others are feeling and often support them through their sad and delusional moments.
16. When we discover about the concept of HSPs, we keenly listen/read and realize that we are HSPs and that's I have been reading a lot about it lately.
17. 20% of over 100 species have this trait and as such, it can't be a disorder; it's an evolutionary advantage.
18. I am especially equipped to be a pioneer, to see the future, and may be, just may be, one of my visions for the future may come true someday.
19. Most sensitive children excel at school, just as I had.
Most important, I learned that I am okay, there's nothing wrong with me and I don't need to change myself.
Recruiting and retaining top UK tech developer talent is becoming more challenging – especially for non-tech organisations. Independent Market Research undertaken by Sapio Research on behalf of Talent Deck has revealed that it could be about to become even harder – 45 per cent of UK developers are currently looking for a new job, and a further 22 per cent would consider an opportunity if approached.
UK developers have the power and confidence to leave jobs if they are not satisfied. And many are not – from salary to the working environment, good quality technology and management approach, there is a significant gap between employee expectations and experience.
Carl Sautereau, Chief Operating Officer, Talent Deck insists - from company culture and management style to new technology tools and innovative approaches to incentivisation, organisations need to wake up to the changing employment requirements of the UK developer community.
­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­Developer perception
Is the UK tech industry about to hit a staffing crisis point? When almost half (46 per cent) of UK tech developers are set to leave their current role within the next year – and 44 per cent spend less than one year in a position, this is a level of staff churn unprecedented within a highly paid, professional environment. What is going on? Why are firms struggling to attract and retain the right talent?
There is no doubt that the profile of developers has evolved significantly over recent years. Leading individuals are feted globally, and tech companies from Google onwards receive millions of job applications annually, with developers attracted by a working environment predicated on innovation.
For the rest of the market, however, living up to the expectations created by the tech giants is tough.
Developer expectation
It is becoming apparent that candidate motivation has changed; while salary remains the most important consideration for a developer when choosing a new job (49 per cent), the flexibility of the work environment (45 per cent) is a very close second. With this acceleration in thinking among developers about flexible working hours, working from home and BYOD when considering a potential new job, organisations risk being dismissed out of hand if they fail to provide the right working environment.
However, the changes in candidate perception and expectation are far-reaching. As developers become more established within careers, they experience a growing desire for an opportunity to contribute to the business in a wider context and a chance to make an impact in a role.
Developers increasingly recognise their growing contribution to business success and want recognition. While this should be no surprise given the investment in tech start-ups and huge market valuation of innovative e-commerce businesses, this shift in attitude should be reflected within employment models. When two-thirds (67 per cent) would be most likely to accept a smaller salary if they had access to a profit share scheme or the opportunity to contribute to the business in a wider context (63 per cent), there are significant opportunities for firms to address the current retention problems.
Considering that 67 per cent of 18-24 year olds and 73 per cent of 25-34 year olds are more likely to stay in a job with less money for the chance to contribute to the wider business, this could be the long term solution to the modern business problem of ‘job-hopping'.
Peer recognition
Profile and respect are, in fact, so important that not only would 45 per cent of UK developers also accept a lower salary if they received recognition from fellow developers – they would take an average salary cut of 14.9 per cent. This reflects the growth of developer communities leveraging open source platforms to showcase their work. Solving problems for others and demonstrating awesome development skills offers huge kudos and organisations need to find a way to ensure this status driven individuals are equally feted within their own business, not just the wider developer community.
This desire to innovate and work on cutting-edge technology raises a key issue that employers need to consider, especially when looking to employ more experienced individuals. More than two thirds (69 per cent) of UK developers confirm that time to focus on innovative concepts has become significantly or more important to them as their careers have progressed. Yet this is simply not an option in many firms – especially when high churn puts pressure on the remaining team members.
There is a growing perception gap in the market between tech innovators and non-tech organisations who still regard IT as an expensive necessity. Even those with a tech focus may lack the level of expensive developer contingency required to offer the chance to innovate – yet organisations may be tempted to promise such opportunities during an interview, simply to get good new talent on board.
Recruitment honesty
How do these changing developer motivations and expectations change the recruitment process? Organisations need to actively consider the work environment and culture, not just role, salary and location, to attract the right developer talent; but communicating these issues is also essential. Today, far too much of the interview and hiring process is based on assessing an individual's technical ability (according to 71 per cent) – just 57 per cent of UK developers think that the organisation they work for was effective at communicating the company values to them during the recruitment process.
At the same time, candidates are also failing to proactively consider cultural issues. Asking about culture should not be a throwaway final question – candidates should be checking company reviews on sites like Glassdoor and asking probing questions such as ‘How are decisions made?' ‘What is the communication like between different business functions?' ‘Why do you love working here?'.
Indeed, candidates are also making assumptions in a number of areas – including the quality of technology tools and management style – which is leading to disappointment once working for a company. Both candidates and employers need to ensure that every aspect of the working environment is considered during the recruitment process to avoid disappointment on both sides.
Expectation vs reality
One of the biggest concerns for employers should be that from salary to the working environment, good quality technology and management approach, there is a significant gap between employee expectation and the reality. Given developers' willingness to move on from a job if the environment is not a good match with their expectations, this should be a top concern for businesses. There are significant cost implications associated with this level of employee churn, as well as an impact on morale and productivity.
Also significant for businesses, is that it is not just younger workers who would leave a job quickly if it failed to meet their expectations, with 29 per cent of 45-54 year olds saying they would leave within a month, compared to 31 per cent of 18-24 year olds.
This gap also reveals an environment far from ideal for employees – the decision to move jobs is never taken lightly; it is disruptive and challenging. Both candidates and employers need a better, more relevant and effective recruitment model that truly matches not only technical skills but expectations of environment, culture and technology.
Carl Sautereau, Chief Operating Officer and Co-Founder, Talent Deck
Image source: Shutterstock/Kirill Wright
Trying to wrap your head around React HOCs? Want some real world examples to look at?
Then you've come to the right place!
If you are completely new to React HOCs, you should read my Simple explanation of Higher-Order Components (HOC) before moving on.
Add a hidden prop to your components
This HOC adds a hidden prop to your components. When hidden is set to true, your components becomes… hidden!
Usage
const HelloWorldWithHidden = withHiddenProp(HelloWorld); // ... <HelloWorldWithHidden hidden={true}/>
HOC
export function withHiddenProp(WrappedComponent) { return class extends React.Component { render() { if (this.props.hidden) { return null; } else { return <WrappedComponent {...this.props} />; } } }; }
Full example
Full example on codesandbox.io
Add toggle functionality to your components
This HOC adds two props to your components: toggled and onToggle
toggled : a boolean that represents the toggle
: a boolean that represents the toggle onToggle : a function that toggles the toggled variable
Usage
const Button = ({ toggled, onToggle }) => <button onClick={onToggle}> {toggled ? "It's ON! :)" : "It's OFF! :("} </button>; const ToggledButton = withToggle(Button); // ... <ToggledButton />
HOC
function withToggle(WrappedComponent) { return class extends React.Component { constructor(props) { super(props); this.onToggle = this.onToggle.bind(this); this.state = { toggled: false }; } onToggle() { this.setState({ toggled: !this.state.toggled }); } render() { return ( <WrappedComponent onToggle={this.onToggle} toggled={this.state.toggled} {...this.props} /> ); } }; }
Full example
Full example on codesandbox.io
Show component when feature toggle is set
Feature toggles are a powerful technique to change behavior without deploying new code.
When using this HOC, your component will only be displayed when its feature toggle is set to true.
Usage
const HelloWorldWithToggle = whenFeatureToggled("helloWorld", HelloWorld); // ... <HelloWorldWithToggle/>
HOC
// This might come from a global config file const featureToggles = { helloWorld: true }; function whenFeatureToggled(feature, WrappedComponent) { return class extends React.Component { render() { if (!featureToggles[feature]) { return null; } else { return <WrappedComponent {...this.props} />; } } };
Full example
Full example on codesandbox.io
Add a loading spinner while fetching data
A common UI pattern is showing a loading spinner while data is fetched asynchronously from the backend.
This HOC shows a spinner when this.props.data is null or undefined .
Usage
// Presentational component const HelloWorldWithLoadingSpinner = withLoadingSpinner(HelloWorld); // Conatiner component class HelloWorldContainer extends React.Component { constructor(props) { super(props); this.state = { data: null }; // In the real world, this is probably an Ajax call setTimeout(() => this.loadingComplete(), 2000); } loadingComplete() { this.setState({ data: "hello" }); } render() { return <HelloWorldWithLoadingSpinner data={this.state.data} />; } }
HOC
function withLoadingSpinner(WrappedComponent) { return class extends React.Component { render() { if (!this.props.data) { return <Spinner/>; } else { return <WrappedComponent {...this.props} />; } } }; }
Full example
Full example on codesandbox.io
Responsive components
If you need a responsive design you have two options: either use media queries with CSS or use JavaScript/React. There are pro and cons for each. If you go for the React solution you might want to use this HOC.
This HOC is based on this excellent solution for detecting mobile/desktop by Gosha Arinich
Usage
class HelloWorld extends React.Component { render() { return this.props.isDesktop ? <h1>Hello world from Desktop</h1> : <h1>Hello world from mobile</h1>; } } const HelloWorldResponsive = detectDesktopOrMobile(HelloWorld); // ... <HelloWorldResponsive/>
HOC
function detectDesktopOrMobile(WrappedComponent) { return class extends React.Component { constructor() { super(); this.state = { width: window.innerWidth, }; } componentWillMount() { window.addEventListener('resize', this.handleWindowSizeChange); } // make sure to remove the listener // when the component is not mounted anymore componentWillUnmount() { window.removeEventListener('resize', this.handleWindowSizeChange); } handleWindowSizeChange = () => { this.setState({ width: window.innerWidth }); }; render() { return <WrappedComponent isDesktop={this.state.width > 500} {...this.props} />; } }; }
Full example
Full example on codesandbox.io
Combining HOCs
Now we have a bunch of small composable HOCs. We can combine many HOCs on one component like this:
const Button = ({ toggled, onToggle }) => <button onClick={onToggle}> {toggled ? "It's ON! :)" : "It's OFF! :("} </button>; // Show a toggle button when it's feature toggled in const ToggledButton = whenFeatureToggled("myToggleButton", withToggle(Button)); // ... <ToggledButton />
As you can see, you combine HOCs by doing nested function calls. This can be a bit tricky to read and work with when having many HOCs:
hoc1(hoc2(hoc3(hoc4(Component))))
A solution to this is using a utility library included in Redux (and Recompose) that composes HOCs:
compose( hoc1, hoc2, hoc3, hoc4 )(Component)
More readable and easier to work with!
Visitors to SeaWorld in San Diego attend a Shamu show in March 2014. (Mike Blake/Reuters)
On Sunday, for what would mark the final time, an announcer at San Diego's SeaWorld park asked a stadium crowd if they would like to get soaked by a killer whale. The crowd did; the whales obliged. And as a few whales slid out onto a white platform, in front of a massive LED screen in the shape of an orca fluke, the performance came to its slickly produced end.
With that, after a half-century of tail splashes and orca acrobatics, the marine mammal park closed its final Shamu show.
The business of killer whale entertainment is a half-century old. It has changed dramatically since its formation. It is now illegal, under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, to import or display orcas without first passing expert review and a 30-day public comment period, after which the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration may issue a permit.
But in 1965, orca entertainers required little more than gumption and $8,000 in cash. A Washington man named Edward Griffin had both, plus, apparently, sturdy forearms: Before they purchased a 22-foot-long killer whale, captured by British Columbia fishermen, they defeated one of the Canadians in an arm-wrestling match.
Griffin's fantasy, as The Washington Post reported in 2015, was to ride a killer whale in the manner of an aquatic stallion. It was a dream Griffin realized in a tank at the Seattle Marine Aquarium, which they owned. The $8,000 animal they rode was called Namu, in honor of the British Columbia fishing port.
Namu died after spending a year at the Seattle aquarium. But before their death they inspired a legacy of performing whales. Griffin obtained a second whale; SeaWorld, the marine mammal park in San Diego that had opened just a few years before, bought their secondhand. By January 1966, the aquarium taught Shamu to leap out of the water on command. Griffin refused to part with the rights to the name Namu, so the California park added a “sh.” Future performing orcas, too, would come to be known as Shamu.
[The oldest killer whale, known as Granny, missing and presumed dead at a possible age of 105]
Over the next 50 years, the Shamu shows became more complex, with trainers riding on the whales' snouts and orcas performing flips like 4-ton gymnasts. Throughout that half-century, SeaWorld reinvented the performances, adding new tricks or changing choreography. SeaWorld, in its parks in San Diego, Orlando and San Antonio, is currently home to 22 orcas in the U.S.
“Each of the killer whales knows probably a couple hundred behaviors,” Alan Garver, now SeaWorld's vice president of zoological operations, told the Los Angeles Times in 2011. “In developing new stuff for a show, a lot of it is combining those behaviors together in new ways.”
The final iteration of the Shamu show, a performance named One Ocean, began in 2011. (Prior to One Ocean, the Times estimated that SeaWorld put on some 40,000 orca shows at the San Diego park alone.) The One Ocean show promised, per the SeaWorld website, to envelop audiences “in a multi-sensory celebration of life underneath the sea that entertains as it educates and inspires.” But it lacked what trainers called water work, in which humans would interact with the whales in the tank.
The year prior, an orca named Tilikum killed a trainer and SeaWorld billboard model, Dawn Brancheau. Tilikum grabbed Brancheau by the hair and pulled them into the water. An autopsy found they died from blunt force trauma to the head, neck and upper body, with fractured ribs and a jaw, as ABC News reported in 2010.
[A world of trouble for SeaWorld]
The trainer was dead before rescuers pulled their body from the water. Tilikum, linked to two previous human deaths, themselves died Friday at SeaWorld's Orlando park.
Tilikum and Brancheau were the tragic center of the movie “Blackfish,” the 2013 documentary that painted an ugly picture of captive orcas. Kept from their natural environment in the wild, the animals became aggressive and neurotic, according to “Blackfish,” and aquariums could not provide adequate care for the animals.
A girl watches a killer whale at San Diego's SeaWorld park in 2006. (Chris Park/AP)
“It's hard to imagine anyone coming out of this movie and not swearing off the next vacation trip to Orlando, San Antonio or San Diego,” Washington Post movie critic Michael O'Sullivan wrote after the film's release. (SeaWorld, which had declined to be interviewed for the documentary, disputed that its animals were maltreated and alleged that “Blackfish” was “emotionally manipulative” propaganda.) The Occupational Safety and Health Administration also took note of Brancheau's death, effectively banning SeaWorld employees from swimming with the whales.
[Beleaguered SeaWorld admits employees spied on animal rights activists]
The film prompted a damning public response, sometimes called the “Blackfish” effect: SeaWorld share prices dropped and attendance fell. In March 2016, SeaWorld chief executive Joel Manby, in an op-ed for the Los Angeles Times, acknowledged that the company was in a bind.
“Customers visit our marine parks, in part, to watch orcas,” they wrote. “But a growing number of people don't think orcas belong in human care.” SeaWorld was ending its breeding program, they announced. By September 2016, the California legislature banned orca breeding in all marine parks. Shares hit a record low in August, though Manby, reported the Guardian, did not attribute the further drop to a boycott.
[SeaWorld ends captive breeding program, says current batch of killer whales ‘will be the last']
Discussion of “Blackfish” even breached the walls of Shamu stadium Sunday. “I resent the people who did that film,” one attendee told the San Diego Union Tribune. Still, attendees packed the stadium to the gills to watch the One Ocean show come to a glittering and wet finale.
The next iteration, Orca Encounter, is set to open in the summer as SeaWorld transitions to larger tanks. The aquarium has branded the Orca Encounter as a more educational experience than an entertaining one. “The new Orca Encounter takes killer whale presentations to a new level of education,” Marilyn Hannes, the San Diego park's president, told the Times of San Diego in November, offering information on “natural history, physical abilities and the conservation steps necessary to ensure the future survival of this species in the wild.”
In place of an LED whale tail, for instance, the new tank will be surrounded by “a rugged coastal inlet, artificial Douglas fir trees, cliffs and waterfalls,” the San Diego Union Tribune reported.
“The fountains, the style of music, the style of theatrics from our trainers, that's all moving away,” Brian Morrow, a SeaWorld vice president, said to CBS News on Friday.
SeaWorld plans to phase out its "Shamu" killer whale show at its San Diego park next year, SeaWorld executives say. (Reuters)
But trainers will continue to cue the animals, which the aquarium says is a necessary part of keeping the animals healthy and stimulated. “You will still see a whale leaping out of the water,” Garver told the Tribune. “We want to be able to demonstrate behaviors people would see in the wild with the killer whales and their abilities as a top predator in the sea.”
Not all animal advocates have rushed to applaud the changes. “The trainers aren't safe, and the whales aren't happy,” Gabriela Cowperthwaite, the filmmaker behind “Blackfish,” said in an interview with CBS News. “They're still just doing manic circles around concrete swimming pools.”
Naomi Rose, an orca biologist at the nonprofit Animal Welfare Institute who opposes whale captivity, expressed hope to the Tribune that SeaWorld will no longer have whales somersault through the air — a behavior foreign to wild whales, they pointed out.
Although SeaWorld will no longer breed whales, it expects to have orcas for years to come. The youngest captive orca in San Diego, Amaya, was born in December 2014. The life span of killer whales in captivity is disputed, but SeaWorld veterinarians argue that the whales should live as long as their wild counterparts, an average of 30 years or so for female orcas like Amaya.
More from Morning Mix
Winter storm fells one of California's iconic drive-through tunnel trees, carved in the 1880s
Meryl Streep, the Committee to Protect Journalists and its tense relationship with Donald Trump
The power of the presidential oath and how Donald Trump could use it
According to the Guardian, the Green Group Galilee Blockade has urged activists to apply for jobs at the gigantic Carmichael Coal Mine in Australia, so they can obtain sensitive information for use against their employers.
Get a job with Adani and infiltrate coal project, activists urge supporters
Joshua Robertson @jrojourno Thursday 9 February 2017 18.53 AEDT
Galilee Blockade, which opposes the $16bn Carmichael mine, urges followers to apply for jobs with the Indian company.
A civil disobedience campaign targeting Adani's controversial Queensland coal project has asked almost 12,000 supporters to sign up for a job with the miner.
The Galilee Blockade is working on infiltrating Adani and related companies to gain sources of information to help its plans for “direct action”.
The group is emailing 11,931 supporters over several days to ask them to register their interest in an Adani career via the company's website.
A Galilee Blockade spokesperson, Ben Pennings, said the group was already working with industry insiders, including employees at companies including Rio Tinto, and would help others get appropriate qualifications to join the industry. “The level of support is phenomenal,” Pennings said.
…
“We now the mining industry tries to infiltrate the environmental movement, we know they engage state and federal police about targeting activists,” Pennings said. “So as far as we're concerned we want a level playing field, to get as much info as possible to find out about Adani and the people they're in bed with.
“We're hoping employees will provide information to not only us but unions and other groups. But if there's inside information to help target Adani and their friends, we'll use it for direct action purposes.”
…
Nine years................. It seems like only yesterday that several of us hauled ass to St. Tammany Hospital, hoping, praying, and begging for a miracle, and that it wasn't as bad as it sounded on the radio, even though we could all tell by the sound, nervousness, and fear in everyone's voice that it was bad. Really, really bad.
Even though it was less than a three minute ride from Hillary's services, the drive to the hospital seemed to take forever!! I knew instantly that we had lost you as soon as we pulled up to the hospital, and saw the grief stricken faces of our fellow brothers and sisters in blue.
You were taken from us way too soon my friend. I think about you often brother, and miss the hilarious conversations we used to have. You were always a pleasure to be around.
Keep an eye out for us brother, and help us stay one step ahead in the fight. Rest easy my friend.
Cpl. Justin Williams
St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office
I work all the time. I'm one of those people that if I have an idea, I'll go off and build it. This goes on for months at a time and my mind never gets a break. Working hard isn't inherently a bad thing. For entrepreneurs, it's a positive trait. After months of grinding, I'll reach my breaking point where my productivity is nonexistent. I've worked a week of 14-hour days with two all nighters to roll out a new product. Afterwards, I could barely stand, let alone think. We got the product out on time, but my brain was fried for the next week. I never caught up on sleep, and I might as well have not even come into work.
Overworking isn't just bad for our professional productivity, it can also have health effects. A study conducted in Denmark and England showed that working long hours has a correlation with higher incidences of heart disease and increases your risk for a heart attack. The stress that work induces on our bodies has a negative effect if we spend more than 10 hours at work a day. I realize that working long hours normally comes with the territory of startups or high performers, but we should all be aware of the repercussions our crazy work schedules can have in the long run.
When I need a break, I go big. I plan a trip where I can be totally off the grid with no distractions, no phone, where even the AM radio can't reach me to recharge. It doesn't have to be extremely extravagant or for very long, but I make sure that I will be completely unavailable for the duration of the trip. I call this type of trip a “work detox”. Work detoxes are different from other trips where I might be traveling, but still available for chat or my team to call me. It is meant to allow yourself to recharge and get your mind set for to be the highest performer possible.
My work detoxes were inspired by the ‘mini retirements' Tim Ferriss writes about. In Tim Ferriss' retirement, you take a trip longer than one month for it to be considered a full “retirement”. That doesn't work out personally or professionally as I'm currently running my startup, so I wondered about how I could apply the same principles for a shorter trip. After re-reading the section in the 4 Hour Work Week and a few articles about other mini retirements online, I boiled the core concepts down to these three core rules:
– Be out of reach – No phones, no internet, not even Twitter or Instagram.
– Do something or go somewhere new – New places make it easier to fully immerse yourself your surroundings.
– RELAX – Do something that balances your mind and allows you to fully turn off for a bit.
Relaxing doesn't necessarily mean sitting on a beach for a week, it can be anything that takes your mind off work. I personally know people who find strenuous hiking extremely relaxing and would go mad sitting for longer than one hour on a beach. Do what's right for your body and mind to fully immerse yourself in something other than work.
In my research I noticed that going somewhere new or doing a new activity, like trying a sport, was positively correlated with feeling refreshed upon return. Many of the trip reports I read had a more positive and upbeat feel when someone was trying something new, like surfing, while staying away from work. While this insight isn't particularly scientific, I think most of us can relate to feeling extra refreshed after an interesting new experience or traveling to a place we've never been before.
How to Plan for Your Work Detox
1. Recognize
The first step to moving towards a work detox is recognizing that you are overworked. This sounds very obvious, but a lot of us don't realize that we are in desperate need of a little relaxation. If you are constantly feeling tired, feel motivation waning, or constantly feeling stressed for no apparent reason it's probably time to take for a detox.
Ask yourself these questions to help you determine if you need a break:
– Have you felt your motivation and passion waning at your work?
– Have you found it more difficult to be excited about the projects you are working on?
– Have you been grumpy or been quick to find faults with your co-workers or business partners?
– Have you been windows shopping vacations more frequently than normal?
If any of these are a yes, it might be time to look into getting away for a quick detox.
2. Set Aside Time
Talk with your boss, co-founder, or business partner and tell them that you need a bit of time off to get your head on straight. Most people will be supportive and hopefully you're taking some time can set precedent for others to do something similar when they are feeling the same way. Just make sure you take some time in the near future that is relatively convenient for their schedule and doesn't put them in a jam. A good rule of thumb is to not take a vacation one week before a product lunch, except in only the most extreme cases!
If money is an issue, try to plan your escape over a long weekend. You won't have to take off as much time from work and can still have enough time for a weekend getaway.
3. Find the Spot
Where have you always wanted to go? Is there somewhere in the next state that you've always wanted to check out? Maybe there's a new activity that you want to try? Make a list of places you've been curious to see and things you've always wanted to do, but haven't made the time for. When I did this I realized that I had always wanted to try surfing, but had never made the effort to just go do it. I have been to the beach many times, but now I am going out of my way to make sure I check surfing off of my list.
4. Book a Ticket
Book the location you've chosen for the dates you want. There are a ton of guides out there on how to save money booking or finding a cheap hotel for those of us on a budget. I prefer to use Google Flights to get an idea of what prices are and then book the cheapest ticket that's within a week or two of my preferred departure date.
5. Plan
Plan goes last, and you know why? Everyone loves to sit at their desk and plan a vacation all day long, but not many actually book it. Booking before you make all of the little plans like where to stay or what you're going to do ensures that you actually take the trip, and you need to get away!
Tips for a Stress-Free Detox
Set an Auto Responder
Email runs my life more than I'd like to admit. I sort through over a hundred emails a day and I know that my load seems light for heavy email users. In today's world people expect some sort of response normally within 24 hours. Setting a good autoresponder that gives another point of contact to direct all immediate questions too allows for your contacts to get the answers they need while you're away. You can deal with the unruly inbox when you get back home.
Have a Contingency Plan
If you tend to worry a lot, having a contingency plan might be something you want to do. If something catastrophic happens and your partner needs some advice or login from you, give them a number where they can get ahold of you. This number is meant only for emergencies and you need to communicate that you should be called only in the most dire of circumstances. I realize this is 100% counter work detox, but sometimes those random situations arise that need to be taken care of and it's worth having a piece of mind so you can actually relax.
Delegate
If you are a founder or manager, you likely make a lot of decisions for your company. Day to day decisions can often be delegated so the company can continue to function as normal. Delegate those types of tasks to a top performing employee that you can trust in your absence. It shows them that you are comfortable with giving them responsibilities and could serve as a way to test if you can delegate those tasks in the future. A win win.
On Thursday I leave for Costa Rica for a 5 day work detox. I've been spread too thin the past couple months and need a few days for myself. I took my own advice and decided to book tickets about a month ago when I could feel that familiar feeling of being overworked. During my trip, I plan on trying surfing to try something I've always wanted to do. I'm using miles to save cash and am I staying in an AirBNB (a tiny house!) to save on costs. The timing isn't the best and I definitely have work to do, but I realized that making this small investment in my mindset and sanity will pay off tenfold down the road.
Fit, well rested, and well rounded people do better work and can contribute at a higher level than those that have been battered down by stress. The next time you're feeling this way, refer to this as a guide on how to effectively escape for a short work detox to fully recharge.
Photo credit 1, 2, 3
After finals end and the last Bowlesmen move out, Bowles Hall will become a co-ed, privately run student residence in 2016.
UC Berkeley will officially cease running Bowles Hall, according to campus real estate spokesperson Christine Shaff, and the building will be leased to the Bowles Hall Foundation. The foundation will continue to run Bowles Hall as a student residence and will also fund renovations, the first in the building's 86-year history.
In the interim, the Bowles Hall Foundation will rent out The Berk on Northside, at the intersection of Arch Street and Hearst Avenue. Bowles Hall's population will temporarily shrink for the 2015-16 academic year to meet its new accommodations, scaling down from about 185 residents to as few as 39.
The Bowles Hall Phoenix Program will help Bowles Hall revert back to its historic status as a residential college and modernize into a co-ed program, according to Les Laky, a member of the Bowles Hall Alumni Association.
The association has been working on renovating the hall for several years: the Bowles Hall Foundation is the recent offshoot of the association. The foundation is planning on selling at least $40 million worth of bonds to pay for the renovation, according to Daniel Melia, who will become the Bowles Hall housemaster once the building reopens.
Applications are currently available for students who wish to join the Phoenix Program, which will initiate Bowles Hall's co-ed status.
Bowles Hall opened in 1929 as the first residential college in the U.S. and was mostly self-governed until the 1980s, Melia said. The hall follows the student-residence model from the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, where students receive academic advising, organize events and eat and live together in the same house for the entirety of their undergraduate career.
Over time, Bowles Hall became a regular campus residence hall and lost its dining room, and so-called “Bowlesmen” became primarily freshmen. Now the eponymous “phoenix” of the transition program's name harkens back to its communal history.
“This is a resurrection of something that already existed but was allowed to die out,” Melia said.
The Phoenix residents will have student committees, while the Bowles Hall Alumni Association will offer opportunities for networking between current Bowles residents and alumni.
“One of the deciding factors (for applying) was the connections that I would be able to receive from the Bowles Hall Foundation,” said Ben Zagorsky, a first-year student Bowles resident. “It seemed like a good opportunity to get closer (to alumni) and get more connections.”
Laky, a former Bowlesman who graduated from Berkeley in 1962, said they hope future residents of Bowles will gain the “camaraderie and friendships that I got from my four years at college.”
Contact Anna Sturla at [email protected].
The sperm whale releases its bowels (Picture: Caters)
These photographs capture the moment a group of free divers were engulfed in a 100ft whirlpool of faeces after a sperm whale released a large bowel movement.
The phenomenon, which is believed to be a rare defence mechanism, was captured by the four divers as they swam with the beast in water off Dominica.
After released clouds of brown liquid, the mammal flipped onto its side and flapped its tail to whip up the excrement and send it hurtling towards the group.
Keri Wilk, a 30-year-old photographer from Canada, described swimming in the waves of excrement as like being in a pool of ‘chocolate milk'.
Wilk said the three other divers had chosen not to use scuba equipment as it can disturb the creatures.
The whale fanning the faeces (Picture: Caters)
Unfortunately for them, this meant when the ‘poo-narmi' was released they were just wearing a snorkel and googles so bits of faecal matter got into their eyes, mouth and wetsuit. They were ‘soaked from head to toe'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They said: ‘Four of us got into the water near the whale, then it slowly approached us, stopped, and pointed itself straight down before storm began.
‘At first, it seemed like a regular bowel movement but rather than continuing its dive down, it remained at the surface and continued to defecate for a startling length of time.
‘Four of us looked at each other with confusion, then back at the whale, expecting that any second its call from nature would come to an end.
‘Instead, the whale bobbed up and down, spun in circles and waved the poo in every direction for several minutes while we just sat back and watched.
The cloud of faeces spanned 100ft (picture: Caters)
‘The water was crystal clear, initially, and was the most idyllic Caribbean blue water that you could imagine.
‘After a few waves of faeces were released and stirred vigorously by the whale, the water was like chocolate milk, I couldn't see my hand when I held it in front of my face.
‘I had poop in my eyes, mouth, wetsuit, everywhere and I was soaked in it from head to toe. But, after leaving the cloud, it quickly washed away, and didn't leave a smell on us.
‘I did take an extra long shower once I returned to shore later that day, just in case.
‘I've never heard of it happening before, and I don't know anyone that has had this happen, it very well could be the first time that it has been photographically documented.'
MORE: Argos embroiled in racism row over ‘apartheid' toy doll prices
The STORY: (H/T CO) So yesterday I was in the chow hall on my Forward Operating Base here in Afghanistan, and, as usual, I grabbed a diet cola to go with my meal. The Diet Pepsi served in our chow hall is not from the United States. It is manufactured in Dubai by Pepsi Arabia and says so right on the can.Yesterday, for some odd reason I looked–I mean I really LOOKED–at the subtle “clip art” on the background of the can.And I did a double take. I couldn't believe what I was seeing… I examined the can for several minutes while my food grew cold, wondering if my eyes were deceiving me.
But there was no getting around it. To either side of the Pepsi logo, there was an image of a jet airliner over tall buildings. Looking at the image, I couldn't help but think it alluded to 9/11.Three other soldiers were sitting with me at my table. One of the other soldiers asked what I was looking at so hard. Instead of answering, I handed them the can and said, “Look at the artwork on this can. Do you see what I see?”
They looked. Their eyes grew wide. They turned the can from side to side. The other soldiers at the table looked, too. None of us said anything. The phrase “9/11” never passed from our lips. We could LOOK at each other and understand we all saw the same thing, a “sneaky allusion to 9/11.”
Like California, Virginia uses so-called dynamic pricing to adjust express lane tolls depending on traffic volume. It states that the top rate is “approximately $1 per mile”; however, rates rise without limit in the case of especially clogged traffic, such as might result from a major accident. Rates during the busiest periods have climbed dramatically, sometimes reaching $30 for a single trip.
How could anyone earning minimum wage possibly afford $1 or more per mile — above and beyond the costs of owning and operating a car — to get to work speedily?
Yet in the Bay Area around San Francisco, a 550-mile network of express lanes is planned, with construction continuing through 2035. In Central Florida, eight express lane projects are underway.
Express roads have been around for more than a decade, but the spike in construction is because of aggressive marketing by tech companies that have improved automatic collection systems. These businesses partner with local governments and share in the revenue.
The new technology requires motorists to obtain transponders for their vehicles, because all tolls are collected electronically. The devices are free, but the process of obtaining them can be like excessive voter-registration procedures: It can be more difficult to participate if you're on a budget and don't have a credit card.
If fairness, not government greed, were considered, the transponders could easily be used to adjust tolls progressively, based on the value of a car: A Lexus owner would pay more than someone driving a Kia. However, such common sense seems too much for even liberal legislators to consider.
(In addition to being unfair, express lanes are being cited as a safety risk. State Senator Frank Artiles, Republican of Miami, introduced legislation to ban the programs, but their bill died this month in committee. “It's clear that it's not safe,” Mr. Artiles told ABC's Miami affiliate, citing highway patrol statistics about an increased number of accidents in the narrow express lanes. They added, “I truly believe that it's only a moneymaking scheme.”)
Transportation officials in Los Angeles County recently decided to study whether even more toll increases are needed to relieve the congestion that currently plagues express lanes. But raising tolls on lanes that were previously intended for car-poolers only increases the inequity.
EXCLUSIVE: 'A lot of people die out here' and 'all this blood...is on Obama's hands': Shocking images show corpses of illegal immigrants left to die after border crossings
Rancher shares grotesque photos with MailOnline, saying Obama bears the blame for a rising death toll among illegal immigrants
Volunteer patrol network in south Texas has found 259 bodies in one county alone, maybe 20 percent of the actual body count
Border Patrol source concedes the agency has no idea how many are perishing between the border and official government checkpoints
Filmmaker says they warned Congress in 2007 that children were becoming drug cartels' newest pawns on the border
The dead bodies of illegal immigrants are turning up in south Texas as Central Americans pour across the U.S.-Mexico border, and a veterinarian who ranches cattle 70 miles from ground zero has the photos to prove it.
Dr. Mike 'Doc' Vickers of Brooks County, Texas showed some of the grisly images to MailOnline, all of them far too grotesque to publish unedited.
One picture shows a corpse propped up against a tree near their ranch in Brooks County, their eyes missing and dried blood cascading down their shirtless body.
'This guy, obviously, had to lay down up against that tree, and that's where they died,' Vickers says in interview footage provided exclusively to MailOnline by documentary filmmaker Chris Burgard.
Falcons native to the Rio Grande river valley 'plucked their eyes out before they were dead,' the animal doctor concludes. 'He bled out through their eyes, which tells me that they were probably in a coma but they were eatin' on them before their heart stopped beating.'
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Two graphic for words: The body of an illegal immigrant whose eyes were plucked out by birds of prey as they lay dying -- Filmmaker Chris Burgard has published footage showing the uncensored images on YouTube
In one Texas county 259 bodies of illegal immigrants have been recovered since 2012, and local advocates suspect they are only finding one out of every five casualties 'Lots of people die out here': Dr. Mike Vickers and their Texas Border Volunteers group routinely find corpses on their south Texas ranches; their photographs are too graphic for MailOnline to show unedited
Burgard is working on a sequel to their 2007 documentary, 'Border,' which made a splash on the film-festival circuit years before illegal immigration swelled to what President Barack Obama now concedes is a 'humanitarian crisis.'
When they filmed 'Border' in 2005, they said, 'we had to go out and find illegal traffic.'
'This time it found us.'
They screened their film on Capitol Hill back then, telling members of Congress that children were becoming pawns in Mexican drug cartels' smuggling operations into the U.S. homeland.
'I am not surprised to find immigrants dying 70 miles north of the border,' Burgard told MailOnline, but 'I am surprised that nine years later it is still a secret to most of the American people.'
'The Federal Government has long known about this,' they said, ticking off Texas and Arizona counties where human remains are continually turning up.
'Local officials who deal with collecting the bodies are so overwhelmed financially that the cost of coroner inquests on each case is dramatically affecting their budgets.'
Vickers, 64, told MailOnline on Wednesday that since 2012 their organization, the Texas Border Volunteers, has counted 259 dead bodies in their native Brooks County alone, including those of children.
'And we're probably only finding 20 per cent of them. A lot of people die out here.'
'We find a hell of a lot of women,' they said. 'Three of the last ones who have died on my ranch have been women. We found a dead 12-year-old boy on my neighbor's property.'
Some have the good fortune to find Vickers and their crew.
'We've rescued some small children, quite a few,' Vickers recalled. 'One boy, 11 years old, was left behind 8 or 9 miles off the highway. They had no idea where they are.' The border volunteers gave them water and arranged for U.S. Border Patrol agents to pick them up.
'I've seen families out in my front yard under a tree,' they said, 'with little bitty toddlers with them.'
The group of about 300 amateur patrolmen go out in teams of up to 40 armed men at a time for 4- to 5-day patrols, reporting to Border Patrol agents and Texas Rangers on where the immigrant traffic is heaviest.
In nine years of scouring south Texas, no shots have been fired.
Vickers carries an M4 semiautomatic rifle with a 30-round magazine for their encounters with armed drug-runners on their ranch Immigrant gang-bangers: Vickers and their group intervened to save this tattooed drug-runner's life Exhausted and alone: Underage illegal immigrants are trekking across treacherous terrain by the hundreds, some of them never living to see a Border Patrol agent
The closest U.S. Border Patrol station, at Falfurrias, Texas, is about 4-1/2 miles from Vickers' 1,000-acre ranch.
An official in the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency confirmed that in the month of June more than 4,000 illegal immigrants were apprehended at or near that checkpoint.
About 82 per cent of them were so-called 'OTM' border crossers – 'Other Than Mexican.'
More than 400 were children.
The federal government doesn't keep statistics on how many dead immigrants' bodies are recovered, the DHS official told MailOnline.
Women and children: The Texas Border Volunteers group regularly rescues border crossers who walk to the point of dehydrated exhaustion, and some turn up on their doorsteps
They conceded to MailOnline that 'we don't know how many people are dying without reaching us, just like we don't know how many people are making it past the checkpoint without being detected.'
Most come from Central America and pay human traffickers known as 'coyotes' between $5,000 and $8,000 each to be smuggled into the United States.
Many don't make it alive.
'The fact is, they're all homicides,' Vickers said. 'These people pay coyotes who are affiliated with drug cartels big money to be brought here and dropped off at the checkpoint. And they go through our private property to avoid detection.'
'And the coyotes, a lot of times, by the time they get to the checkpoint, or even north of the checkpoint, run off and leave them. And you know, they'll point at a light up north, one of those radio towers, and say, "Just keep walking toward that tower. Houston's 20 minutes away".'
Houston is a 280-mile drive from Falfurrias.
'They've already duped them of their money,' they explained. 'And then some days later they're still walking around in circles up here with no water. And you know, a lot of them die.'
'A lot of coyotes don't leave them, but they put them on a fast pace. We're talking 3 to 4 miles per hour, through all this deep sand and all this brush, and real, real treacherous terrain. And if they can't keep up, they'll beat on them a little bit and tell them, "We're just going to leave you here to die." And they do.'
Vickers, a small-time cattle rancher who spends most of their days as a veterinarian caring for their neighbors' livestock, will play a significant role in Burgard's next movie.
In the filmmaker's footage, Vickers shows a photo they took of a gang-tattooed drug runner who was dehydrated when the Texas Border Volunteers stumbled onto him, near the point of death from heat exhaustion.
'We actually saved this guy's life,' they said.
'After we got the "pistolero" treated, we went another 300 yards and found this guy,' they say, pointing to a picture of a badly decomposed corpse. 'He wasn't so lucky.'
Coyotes and their prey: U.S. Border Patrol agents captured more than 4,000 illegal immigrants like these men in the month of June in the land near Falfurrias, Texas -- including hundreds of children
CLICK HERE FOR CHRIS BURGARD'S UNCENSORED FOOTAGE
Burgard also saw an Urdu-to-English dictionary that Vickers picked up near their ranch, dropped by 'a coyote leading a group of Middle Easterners into our country.'
And Chinese immigrants, paying up to $50,000 each to be smuggled into Ecuador and then into the United States, are now numerous enough that the federal government has added Mandarin translations to signs at emergency stations dotting the Texas border region.
But it's those 'OTM' aliens, especially the hundreds of unaccompanied minors crossing every day along the length of the U.S.-Mexico border, who have turned illegal immigration into relentless front-page news.
The flow is 'four times what it was in 2011. A four-fold increase,' says Vickers.
They agree with Republicans in Congress who point fingers of blame at President Obama, who declared in 2012 that the federal government would no longer pursue illegal immigrants who were brought to the U.S. as children before 2007.
They also championed a bill called the DREAM Act – failed legislation that aimed to offer those immigrants permanent residency if they graduated from high school.
'When Obama started talking about the DREAM Act, and this and that about the DREAMers, I mean it was like, overnight we started seeing hordes of these teenagers coming in from Central America,' Vickers told MailOnline. 'I've got pictures of them.'
'I mean, big groups – 20, 30, 40 at a time. We were encountering them and getting Border Patrol to pick them up. And right off the bat they'd tell us, "Hey, we're going to be able to go free. Mr. Obama is going to let us stay. They said we could come.'
'He started talking about the DREAM Act and all of that stuff in 2012,' the veterinarian said, 'and here they come.'
Burgard showed MailOnline a brief interview with an illegal immigrant, an 18-ish young man from Tequila, Mexico who said they had paid a coyote $5,700 for safe passage to the U.S.
Asked if Obama is communicating to people south of the border 'that it is possible to find work in the United States,' they chewed their gum and replied, 'Uh-huh.'
Burgard also claimed transnational drug traffickers 'are taking big time advantage' of Obama's 2012 mini-amnesty. 'They have been planning for this for the last two years.'
Motivation: While waiting for Border Patrol to show up in Brooks County, Texas, filmmaker Chris Burgard asked this Mexican teen if President Obama's immigration policy made them expect to find work in the U.S. -- and they agreed
Lucky: This illegal immigrant made it on foot to Falfurrias, more than 70 miles from the US-Mexico border, before U.S. Border Patrol gave them fresh water -- hundreds like them died en route
The deluge of unaccompanied minors, they said, have occupied so much of the federal government's resources near the U.S.-Mexico border – allowing for only sparse apprehension of gun and narcotics smugglers.
'Before the tidal wave of women and children hit the border,' they told MailOnline, 'cartels say they were getting about 50 per cent of their personnel across. Since Border Patrol has been hit with this wave of human shields, cartels are now claiming to get up to 90 per cent of their people across.'
Burgard also showed MailOnline exclusive interview footage with a 27-year veteran of the U.S. Border Patrol who left their job because of the changing conditions on the ground.
'I retired early because I was told I had to release a group of criminals because they may be DREAM Act people,' the agent says, their face shielded because they feared reprisals.
'I just could not see releasing these people who were convicted of crimes back into American society. I voiced my opinion. I was told basically to just shut up and do what I was told.'
Two members of the Texas congressional delegation, both Republicans, reacted with anger when MailOnline showed them a set of five photos of dead border-crossers.
'How many precious lives must be needlessly lost, women raped, girls forced into sex trafficking or people trapped into the drug trade before the Obama administration stops luring them here with continued grants of amnesty, legal status, work permits, and benefits?' asked Rep. Louie Gohmert.
'Democrats don't care that Obama's rhetoric is getting people killed,' Rep. Steve Stockman added.
'They come here specifically because they believe Obama will give them amnesty. Democrats are willing to let illegals risk their lives just so Democrats can have a wedge issue to agitate their liberal base before an election.'
Lucky ones: These young teens survived dozens of miles of walking and were handed over to U.S. Border Patrol agents and processed by immigration officials before their release into the interior of the United States pending a court date -- one that few in their position will honor
The new normal: Chinese language signs have joined Spanish notices encouraging border crossers to wait for help and turn themselves in
Rep. Rubén Hinojosa, the Democrat who represents Brooks County, told MailOnline that illegal immigrant deaths in Brooks County are 'a stain on the American way.'
'I say this because so many lives could have been saved if we had a Comprehensive Immigration Bill in place,' they added.
Hinojosa didn't say how passing legislation favored by the White House would save lives, but insisted that ' better immigration laws for our country' would 'hopefully prevent migrant deaths .'
They said relatives of the dead have visited their office. 'I have heard their painful stories of not knowing what happened to their loved ones, and my heart aches for them.'
'My office has worked with Brooks County officials on trying to find federal funding to help them identify and bury the dead.'
Vickers said no local or county government in their part of Texas has received any federal reimbursement for those costs. And he's not impressed with how their member of congress is responding.
Hinojosa 'wants open borders,' they said. 'He tells their constituents that "I'm going to do whatever my president tells me to do." Not what their constituents want them to do.'
For the mild-mannered vet, the buck stops in the Oval Office.
This is currently the most-read story on the Minneapolis Star Tribune's web site: “Stillwater cafe faces heat for adding ‘minimum wage fee' to tab.” Minnesota's Democratic legislature recently voted to raise the state's minimum wage to $8 an hour, 75 cents more than the federal level. Naturally, that increase is leading to higher prices:
A small cafe in Stillwater has thrown itself into the big battle over Minnesota's minimum wage increases, inundating the cafe with dozens of phone calls and online comments this week after it tacked on a 35-cent fee to meal tabs. Oasis Cafe owner Craig Beemer said the fee is needed to offset the 75-cent wage hike that took effect Aug. 1, the first time Minnesota's minimum wage has increased in a decade. Even with only half a dozen servers, Beemer says it will cost them $10,000 more a year to pay servers $8 an hour instead of the federal rate of $7.25 an hour.
What is unique about the Oasis is that the cafe wants its patrons to know where the higher prices are coming from:
In the Democratic Party, where magical thinking reigns, this is regarded as dirty pool:
“We believe that the industry is overreacting,” Wade Luneburg of the MN State Council of UNITE HERE Unions told the Star Tribune this week. “Putting [minimum wage] fees on tickets and passing the cost on to consumers directly is strange at best, and creates an ‘us against them' mentality while ordering dinner.”
It is “strange” for businesses to pass costs on to their customers? Who, exactly, does Mr. Luneburg think pays those costs? No doubt they have no clue why low-wage workers are being laid off in Minnesota, either. That's what happens when costs can't be passed on. Every now and then, it is good to be reminded how dumb liberalism is.
Captain Marvel. (courtesy of Marvel Comics)
MARVEL COMICS fans who are wondering about the direction of Captain Marvel — after a major announcement about the character — need only look towards the stars.
Kelly Sue DeConnick, writer of multiple volumes of the adventures of Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel (aka the future next big thing from Marvel Studios), and the current scribe on a recent 2014 reboot, describes the current adventures of the Marvel hero with one word: up.
That direction came to mind the most for DeConnick amid collaborating with Captain Marvel artist David Lopez on their current nine-issue run (of which Lopez has drawn seven issues; Nos. 7 and 8 were drawn by Marcio Takara).
“When we talk about [Captain Marvel], we say: Everything about them wants to go up. Head up. Heart up. Chest up. Chin up. Everything faces towards the sky,” DeConnick told The Washington Post's Comic Riffs.
That's an apt description given Captain Marvel's current adventures as an Avenger in deep space. Marvel Comics has had recent success outside of the Earth's orbit with such titles as “Nova,” as well as the comics and movie starring the new raccoon-fueled rock stars, the Guardians of the Galaxy.
Despite great returns from the cosmos, DeConnick was somewhat nervous to take Captain Marvel into space, given the vast history of Marvel outside the Milky Way, and their previous run with the character that kept them grounded more or less in New York.
“I was terrified when we first started talking about taking [the Captain Marvel comic] in that direction, DeConnick said. “I felt like I had spent so much time and energy building up their life in New York. Now that I've been doing it for a while, I'm sort of understanding: You can just find your corner and keep adding pieces. Now I'm having a blast. Now I'm sort of dreading that we have to come back to Earth.”
Space, of course, can mean going up against the occasional superpowered opponent (or in some cases, far-reaching galactic political power), but despite that, DeConnick will still go out of their way not to put Captain Marvel in situations in which they have to clinch their fists.
“Carol is really strong. Carol could punch a planet. Carol is insanely powerful,” DeConnic said regarding Captain Marvel's superhuman strength. “So what I like to do is, I like to put them into situations that they can't punch their way out of. Give them things that challenge them to — where they don't have their strength — and have them try to figure out a way to be of service, to be a hero, when they can't do it the easy way.”
“Ultimately, there's punching because we have to have punching,” DeConnick continued. “[But] there'd be no stakes if they could just punch their way out of everything.”
Recently, DeConnick has had Captain Marvel solve the mystery of a mysterious illness affecting refugee aliens stuck on a planet that's not their own. And, as a result, confront the head of the Spartax empire (led by J'Son, father of Peter Quill/Star-Lord/member of the Guardians of the Galaxy) and take on a young, new member of their spaceship (Tic) that they were flying solo — not counting their pet cat.
And what about that pet cat? Well, Rocket Raccoon (who joins Captain Marvel for a few issues) totally wants to destroy it. They say the cat is secretly a dangerous species of alien called a Flerken (and they are right). All of that while Captain Marvel has to leave behind on Earth someone she's become very fond of so they can take their deep-space adventure: James “Rhodey” Rhodes-the Iron Patriot, formerly known as War Machine.
“I loved the idea of [Iron Patriot and Captain Marvel] together,” DeConnick told Comic Riffs. “I thought if they were both pilots, and both very competitive type-A personalities, that there'd be a lot of sparks there. I enjoy the notion that they might have kind of armed-forces rivalries as well. I wanted their choice to leave [Earth and Rhodey] to have as much meaning as possible.”
DeConnick admits to dragging their feet when it came to putting Captain Marvel in a relationship because of the perceptive politics that they say come along when a woman is writing a female-led comic book. They remember reading a tweet about their run on Captain Marvel that said the comic would now only be about the heroes' feelings and emotions, and makes a joke about writing the character singing into their hairbrush.
“Ever read the X-Men?” DeConnick asked rhetorically. “Totally all about feelings,” they said while defusing ridiculous tweets in the same breath.
“I wanted to establish them as their own person, this powerhouse, and get their personality really set and clear in front of the reader before we got into [relationships],” DeConnick said. “I wanted to have them have a great life in New York and a lot of potential and excitement, so that when they chose to take this adventurous post in space, it was not an easy decision. I wanted this to be hard for them I wanted it to be a risk.”
As for the importance of having a woman superhero written by a woman? DeConnick hesitated before answering.
“I don't sit around thinking about the fact that I'm female, which is true and also not true,” DeConnick said. “I do make some conscious efforts to write female friendships, intergenerational female friendships. I make a conscious effort to include things that I see as important real parts of my life that are not reflected as much as I think they should be in popular culture. We very seldom have the opportunity to see women compete and remain friends.”
“In popular culture, when women compete, it's usually over a man, and it's usually very nasty. And that is just frankly not my experience. That's just some kind of popular mythology, it feels like. I find it insulting.
“It's not that it never happens, but that is how women seem to be portrayed — … that when we get together, what we do is complain about men and then fight over men. Honestly, I don't want to break it to you dude, I love my husband [fellow writer Matt Fraction] dearly, but I do not spend my every waking hour thinking about the men in my life. This is not an obsession of mine or [of] most women I know.
DeConnick clarified their sense of mission within this context.
“It feels like dudes have been writing the story, [saying]: Well, clearly they must be talking about us. Like no, not really. I may sound more antagonistic than I mean it. … I'm really just trying … to write what feels true to me. I don't think about a lofty responsibility. I think I'd be paralyzed by that. Like any of my male colleagues, I'm writing the stories that interest me in a way that feels true to me.”
As for the big announcement that Captain Marvel will be a part of Marvel Studios' “Phase 3” and become the first hero to lead their own movie, DeConnick was just as surprised and pleased as the fans who bombarded their Twitter account with the news.
DeConnick says they were writing an issue of Captain Marvel, and not focused on major happenings on the Internet, but they couldn't help but notice that their Twitter mentions went through the roof.
“I thought Black Widow would be first, and I thought it would be five or 10 years out. Three years out is a win,” DeConnick said.
“I was shocked and delighted and thrilled. No slight should be perceived in this. The writers are freelancers. The film part of the business is very separate from the book part of the business, and we're kind of on a need-to-know basis.
“I'm very excited that it's going to be Carol. I think she's a fantastic choice and I will be first in line. I could not be more thrilled. I found out when the rest of the world found out — and it was very exciting.”
Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman (Yisrael Beytenu), who proposes that land Israel swaps with a future Palestinian state include the cities where some 300,000 Arabs live, reponded Wednesday to the clamor against their plan. They focused on media interviews with residents from the heavily Arab Wadi Ara area, which they would like to see become a part of the Palestinian state.
The Arabs interviewed overwhelmingly rejected the idea of applying Palestinian sovereignty to their region.
"The Arabs of Wadi Ara have suddenly become ardent Zionists,” Liberman wrote sarcastically. “In interviews with residents of Umm el-Fahm on various television channels, we saw the ones who instead of celebrating Independence Day mark 'Nakba Day' and fly black flags instead of Israeli ones, the ones whose rallies feature pictures of Nasrallah and the flags of Hamas and Hezbollah – the very same people are now furious over the idea that they will become citizens of a Palestinian state in a peace agreement that includes swapping of land and populations.
"Suddenly they are an integral part of the state of Israel,” they said. “Suddenly Herzl is their national hero, Hatikva is a hit and Ahmed Tibi and their friends have a yearning Jewish soul... Abu Mazen, too, who cares so deeply about the release of Israeli Arabs jailed for terrorism against Israel – suddenly screams in anguish from the thought that they will become their citizens... and the bleeding hearts on the left, as well as some other hitchhikers, who say that the Arabs are not an object that can be moved from one country's sovereignty to another (after all, we do not intend to remove them physically) – these were not shocked when, in the Geneva Plan, Yossi Beilin wanted to transfer the Arabs of east Jerusalem to Palestinian sovereignty and confiscte their IDs, and did not bat an eyelash when the residents of Sinai or Gush Katif were physically transferred...”
"There are numerous historical precedents for swapping of territories ad populations, and moving borders to create homogenous countries, and end local disputes,” Liberman said. “Therefore, there is no reason to think that this is impossible. We know that they said this about the entire Zionist endeavor. In other words, they summedup, using a famous line by the father of modern Zionism, Theodore Herzl: 'if you will it, it is no legend!'”
HMD Global had an eventful first year of launches and it certainly has no intentions to lose the momentum, as it could be planning to expand the availability of the Nokia 7 smartphone and announce the new flagship Nokia 9 early next year.
According to a report from Android Headlines, the Nokia 7 mid-range smartphone will be launching globally after its successful run in China, where it was first introduced in October. The Nokia 7 features a premium design and decent hardware specifications and is priced around $380 in the country.
The device features a 5.2-inch display sporting a 1080p resolution with the processing handled by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 processor coupled with either 4GB or 6GB of RAM and 64GB or 128GB of internal storage. Other specifications include a 3,000 mAh battery, IP54 certification, a 16MP main camera for photos and videos, 5MP front-facing camera, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth 5.0, GPS, USB Type-C, a 3.5mm headset jack, NFC, and LTE Cat 6.
In addition to the Nokia 7 announcement, HMD Global is rumored to launch the 2018 variant of the Nokia 8 and a new flagship Nokia 9 in the coming months. There aren't any events scheduled by the company at the moment, but we could hear from them soon.
Source: Android Headlines | Image via HMD Global
Review: The Great British Grooming Co Beard Oil 1% Editor Rating MY RATING 1%
Beard Oil from Great British Grooming Co is part of the product range that is available from their website, and also from the High street chain Superdrug and it has to be the worst oil I have used, it may be cheap and easily available but I have now received 145 beard care products and this is by far the worst!
The Great British Grooming Co product range has a sleek black branding that is somewhat similar to your generic men's grooming products. A smart clean look will likely draw in the shoppers and would make a fine-looking gift for the bearded man in your life!
The 75ml beard oil is in a plastic bottle with a pump applicator and comes boxed for £8.99 available from Superdrug or the website. The scent is very much like many men's products that can be bought on the high street. I have to say, unfortunately I am somewhat disappointed by this oil, unlike many oils that are available, this just feels like an attempt by a large company to cash in on the beard grooming market.
Its ingredients are Paraffinum Liquidum (Paraffin Oil), Argan Oil, Kernel oil (often peach), Linalool (a naturally occurring terpene alcohol chemical found in many flowers and spice plants), Coumarin (a phytochemical with a vanilla like flavour), Eugenol a pale yellow oily liquid extracted from certain essential oils especially from clove oil), Limonene (a colorless liquid which often possesses a scent of oranges) and Cinnamal (a yellow oily liquid that gives cinnamon its spice).
This Beard oil from The Great British Grooming Co is a clear thin oil that I feel is bulked up using liquid paraffin. Unfortunately it left my beard feeling dry after a few hours and I stopped the test after two days instead of the three days that I would normally test. If this is the only beard oil you have used, you are firstly missing out on some great oils and secondly you may not understand why beard oils are so popular.
I get no pleasure at all from criticising a product, in fact I hate doing it, but I firmly believe that the best products are those that are small batch made by one or two man companies, these are often bearded men who started off making beard oil for themselves and the quality of the products are first class.
Save
Share this with others Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Pinterest
Email
Print
Tumblr
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Like this: Like Loading...
The cost to take water from nearby lakes to help fill White Bear Lake could top $100 million, according to a new state report.
The Department of Natural Resources report, which cost $218,000, was requested by the Legislature. It studied what it would cost to take water from nearby Sucker Lake or East Vadnais Lake — both part of the chain of lakes that supplies water to St. Paul — to augment the larger White Bear Lake. Related Articles Cause of White Bear Lake's low water level remains a mystery
Shrunken White Bear Lake is rising, but is it enough?
USGS study of White Bear Lake's falling water levels begins
Would White Bear Lake use Mississippi River? No easy sell to the suburbs
Costs ranged from $67 million for the Sucker Lake alternative to $55 million for the East Vadnais Lake alternative, with an additional $23 million to $40 million on the price tag if substantial treatment of phosphorus in the water is required, according to the report.
On top of that, it could cost about $570,000 a year to operate any system created to pump an estimated 2 billion gallons per year. If phosphorus levels are too high, annual operations and maintenance costs could add $900,000 to $4.1 million per year, the report said.
Neighbors and officials have been studying for years what has led the popular east metro lake's water levels to drop and how best to address it. There are plans in the works to request legislative aid this session to help stabilize the lake.
Paulie O'Byrne before they embarked from Victoria on their stickhandling journey across Canada. Photo courtesy of the 'I'm 1in5' Facebook page.
Londoner Begins Stickhandle Across Canada
Paulie O'Byrne has begun their journey that will see them stickhandle across Canada.
The Londoner left from Victoria late Saturday afternoon, on a campaign that will raise money and awareness of mental illness.
Funds raised from the journey will go to the not-for-profit organization I'm 1in5.
To track O'Byrne's progress, click here.
O'Byrne has played competitive hockey for 14 years, and after graduating from Lambton College, landed a coaching opportunity in Delhi, Ontario.
However, clinical depression, anxiety, drug addiction, suicide attempts and post-traumatic stress derailed their life plan.
I'm 1in5 is dedicated to the one in five Canadians affected by addiction, mental illness, trauma, and victimization.
Officials expect the journey will end near the end of October in St. John's, Newfoundland.
O'Byrne posted this video to their Facebook page on Saturday.
Ahoy me hearties!
I am Fabiola, ye might recognize me name. I am that gypsy from Tortuga who is always busy stirrin' that pot of hers. Today, I decided to give me poor back a break and go for a stroll around the Caribbean. I painfully parted from me beloved pot and set out on me adventure.
What I saw surprised me! Pirates were lookin' as dashin' as ever, sportin' new clothes and jewelry. They were runnin' around lookin' silly as they used all sorts of potions, showin' off their new weapons to friends, obliteratin' them poor trainin' dummies, fishin' monstrous legendary fishes and much more!
The seas sure were full of fishin' boats. In every direction ye looked ye would see proud, white sails. Pirates were determined to fish themselves new loot and gold. I came to realize that one of the toughest weapons to fetch yerself through fishin' is a Voodoo Staff. No pirate should miss out on this beautiful and powerful weapon. The cheerfulness and dedication ye pirates displayed has convinced me to put meself back in business. All other gypsies around the Caribbean have decided to join me!
Ye can now visit gypsies in Port Royal, Tortuga, Padres del Fuego, and Cuba to buy yerself anythin' from tonics to Voodoo Dolls and Voodoo Staves. Some even sell a Voodoo Cutlass! We hope ye all have a blast.
If ye happen to see me in Tortuga, don't be shy -- say "Hi!" Also, buy yerself some tonics. Ye might need them, less ye see some red.
The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday ruled 7-2 in favor of Trinity Lutheran Church in a landmark case that represents a big win for religious freedom and liberty. Justice Sonia Sotomayor dissented in an opinion larger than the majorities, with Ruth Bader Ginsburg joining the dissent.
The Missouri church backed by a conservative Christian legal group sued after being denied state taxpayer funds for a playground improvement project because of a Missouri constitutional provision barring state funding for religious entities.
In 2012, the state of Missouri began an initiative to to use recycled tires to produce softer playground surfaces. The preschool run by Trinity Lutheran Church was denied a state grant to participate in the program based on religion.
James Layton, Missouri's former solicitor general, claimed that Trinity Lutheran “remains free, without any public subsidy, to worship, teach, pray, and practice any other aspect of its faith however it wishes. The state merely declines to offer financial support.”
Republican Gov. Eric Greitens has since changed the state policy, but Monday's opinion could have an impact on other cases as roughly three-dozen other states have implemented similiar policies under mostly Democratic control.
The opinion, which was authored by Chief Justice John Roberts and joined by Justices Anthony Kennedy, Samuel Alito, and Elena Kagan in full, reversed the decision in favor of the state by the Eight Circuit.
Chief Justice Roberts wrote that, while the state policy “is nothing so dramatic as the denial of political office,” it is also true “the exclusion of Trinity Lutheran from a public benefit for which it is otherwise qualified, solely because it is a church, is odious to our Constitution all the same, and cannot stand.”
Justices Clarence Thomas and Neil Gorsuch joined the opinion with the exception of a footnote reading as follows: “This case involves express discrimination based on religious identity with respect to playground resurfacing. We do not address religious uses of funding or other forms of discrimination.”
Without getting into the weeds, the footnote does not represent the official opinion of the Court.
[pdfviewer width=”740px” height=”849px” beta=”true/false”]https://www.peoplespunditdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Trinity-Lutheran-Church-v-Missouri.pdf[/pdfviewer]
Key Signature: A minor, C Lydian
Time Signatures: 3/4, 4/4, 6/8
Special Songwriting Devices Used: Three-bar phrases, Polymeter, Polyrhythm, Modal harmony
Structure: Verse-Refrain-Verse-Refrain-C-D-C-D-C-Outro
Hover your mouse over terms underlined with dots ( like this ) for more information. If you're following along with the album version rather than the video, subtract 5 seconds from any time stamps listed below to account for the video lead-in.
This blog mostly concerns itself with what can loosely be considered pop music, but today's song violates what is perhaps pop's most sacred and universal characteristic: structure. It's not that “Ready, Able” has no structure, but it certainly isn't your typical verse-chorus-verse. While a traditional pop song is designed to grab your attention and get to the hook ASAP, Grizzly Bear has no patience for people with no patience. And to those who wait, the payoff is that much sweeter.
A Narrative Of An Average Listener Experiencing This Song For The First Time (click to enlarge:)
“Ready, Able” starts with a sparse and confusing instrumental passage, which you eventually realize is part of the verse. Like the claymation monsters of the video that appear both happy and sad, you can't tell whether to be scared by the droning, tribal mysteriousness of the rhythm section, or amused by the playful, almost upbeat vocal melody. You're relieved to hear a chord–the first one in the song–at 0:42. This is the start of a new, more palatable section: the refrain .* Here Grizzly Bear builds anticipation for something that never comes. Right as the music sounds like it's about to reach the tonic , the whole damn thing cuts back to the verse like a movie that ends on a cliffhanger, cutting to black at the most crucial moment. (And you still have no idea what “Rosebud” means…) Read more…
The verse draws its tension from rhythmic confusion, sparseness, and lack of harmony.
draws its tension from rhythmic confusion, sparseness, and lack of harmony. The refrain creates tension with full, but unresolved harmony. And now you're brought right back into the verse. A push-and-pull dynamic is created with two different kinds of tension:
After the second refrain, you are led to a surprising, but also cohesive and highly gratifying climax at 1:53 (the C section) which starts on an A minor chord and continues to build throughout the second half. It's gratifying not only because of the lush production and arrangement elements that kick in, but because it took 2 damn minutes to get to the chord! As shown in the image above, the music video works in the opposite manner. It starts off a little odd and then morphs into something truly bizarre. To better understand what's so off about the verses, let's go right into a rhythmic play-by-play:
Two Time Signatures Simultaneously – Polymeter
Read the disclaimer for this section.
Disclaimer: Phil pointed out to me that the verses of this song could be more succinctly written and understood as 12/8, rather than my more complicated explanation of calling it 3/4 and 4/4 (with the later sections in 6/8 half time). If you count the verses in 12/8, they begin to make a lot more sense. I instinctively heard this section in small beat groupings (possibly because of the odd rhythmic patterns and lack of a steady drum beat), however, so I'm keeping this section as is for the sake of posterity.
The verses consist of 24-beat phrases demarcated by a kick drum. It's hard to tell what's going on: the vocals don't quite match up with the percussion and those harp glissandos seem to sneak up and jump out at you from behind the bushes when you least expect them to. What's going on here?
What you're hearing is called polymeter–the simultaneous use of 2 or more time signatures sharing a common pulse. The verses in “Ready, Able” juxtapose a 3/4 waltz (the vocals and harp) on top of 4/4 (percussion). In this case, the shared pulse is the duration of the quarter note. Only after 24 beats do both time signatures start their downbeats at the same time.
24 is a good number for polymeter because it can be evenly divided by the most common beat groupings: 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8. As a consequence, these 24-beat phrases also transition nicely into the refrain in 6/8 at half tempo. Now let's move on to polymeter's evil twin sister: polyrhythm.
Two Types of Beat Divisions Simultaneously – Polyrhythm
Congratulations, you're about to dive head first into the metaphorical deep end of music theory. Drummers and music nerds, get ready to geek out.
Polyrhythm is when two different kinds of beat divisions are used simultaneously (not to be confused with beat groupings–that's polymeter). In Western music, beats are typically subdivided in half.** This type of division is called duple meter and looks like this:
One whole note = two half notes = four quarter notes = eight 8th notes = sixteen 16th notes = thirty-two 32nd notes
But there are other types of divisions, the most common of which is a triplet: when two beats are divided into three beats. For example, three 8th note triplets take up the same amount of time as two regular 8th notes.
During the C section (1:53), the lead synth (a Synclavier?) has a tremolo effect that creates 16th note tripets over the regular 16th notes of the other instruments. Here's a simplified notation of this rhythm (click to enlarge):
UPDATE: I think it's safe to say that this is an Omnichord, not a Synclavier.
Welcome to Polyrhythmville. And what's really trippy is we're in 6/8. While 6/8 rhythms are grouped in sets of 3, each beat is still normally subdivided by multiples of two. But here the total number of 16ths per measure is 18–you don't see that number often in music–and all this on top of 12 beats–a concept so mindblowing that only underline and italics at the same time could possibly come close to expressing the insanity. Halfway through the D section, we hear this pattern again with a lofi hi hat sample. We're beginning to see the number 3 take shape as a major theme in this song: beats grouped in 3s, beats divided by 3, and finally, 3-bar phrases:
Unusual Phrase Lengths
(See our explanation of bars, measures, & phrases for help with this section.)
In pop music, chord progressions and phrases typically last 1, 2, 4, or 8 measures. Deviating from this is a great way to shake up your songwriting without venturing into odd time signatures, which often means sacrificing accessibility. It's hard for the average music listener to dance or rock to something in 5/4 or 7/8,*** but they will have no problem dancing to 5- or 7-bar phrases in 4/4.
That being said, when great songwriters use a device like this there's a reason for it, whether they're aware of that reason or feel its effect intuitively. “Ready, Able” uses 3-bar phrases throughout most of the second half, providing two advantages:
Vibe: We're expecting 4-bar phrases, so 3-bar phrases have a cyclical, hypnotic effect. It feels like the thought is not quite finished.
Lyrics: If the D section had 4-bar phrases, there would be a big empty space when the lyrics finish, or they would have had to write more lyrics and extend the melody. By using 3-bar phrases, Grizzly Bear is able to keep interest high while retaining their original lyrical and melodic idea.
But there's a problem. In addition to being super weird and hip, these odd phrases are leaving people hanging. There seems to be no destination. Solution? A 4-bar phrase at the end of each section. Consider your thirst for finality quenched. There's also an extra bar at the end of the refrain (normally 4-bar phrases) to make room for a IV-7 (D minor 7) which has a strong pull to I- in this case.
» A Rhythmic Recap of “Ready Able” (click to expand this section)
Verse 1: Polymeter … 24-beat phrases Vocals/harp: 3/4 (waltz) … 8-bar phrases Drums/muted guitar/etc.: 4/4 … 6-bar phrases
Polymeter … 24-beat phrases Refrain 1: 6/8 half time … 4 bars + 4 bars+1 bar
6/8 half time … 4 bars 4 bars+1 bar Verse 2: (same as Verse 1 except the first 24-beat phrase is cut short by 1 beat).
(same as Verse 1 except the first 24-beat phrase is cut short by 1 beat). Refrain 2: (same as refrain 1)
(same as refrain 1) C section 1: 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars D section 1: 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars C section 2: 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars D section 2: 6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars
6/8 half time … 3 bars+3 bars+3 bars+4 bars Outro: 6/8 half time … 3 bars+4 bars
Single-Chord Harmony
(See our guides to chord abbreviations, tensions, and modes for help with this section.)
If you follow this blog, you're already aware of the trend of rap songs without music. To the music snobs and hipsters frowning upon that concept, I am pleased to inform you that Grizzly Bear essentially does the same thing during the first verse of this song–there is no progression, only a vocal melody, lost in an enchanted forest of polymeter and the occasional harp gliss. But of course, context is everything. I doubt we'll be seeing Ying Yang Twins comparisons any time soon.
“Wait'll You See My D… minor 7.”
During the second verse, Grizzly Bear seems to have added a very faint guitar or bass on the note C. It seems that the key is now C major, the relative major from A minor. With the vocal melody notes included, the overall harmony of this section seems to be a single, but very colorful chord normally reserved for Jazz: Cmaj9(13) (C, E, G, B, D, A). In other words, every note in the key except F, which would be tension 11. 11 is usually considered an “avoid note” on a major 7 chords.
But listen again. There's a drum tuned to F#, which would be the tritone of the C major. In the absence of a natural F, I'm prepared to say that we're not in the relative major at all, we're in C Lydian and the chord is Cmaj7 (9 #11 13), which includes every single note of the key signature. Lydian mode can be described as foreign and magical-sounding and the second verse of “Ready, Able” is no exception. This mode is often used by film composers for dream sequences. What's even more bizarre is that the #11 drum is the lowest note in the section, making it sound especially dissonant. I wouldn't call the chord an inversion though, because the drum comes on very weak beats.
Other than C and tension #11, the lead vocal provides every other note in this chord. Don't get me wrong: not all melody notes should be considered part of a song's essential harmony, but in this case the tensions (9 & 13) come on downbeats at the beginning of the 8-bar vocal phrases, the strongest beats possible during this section.
» More About The Harmony (click to expand this section)
For further reinforcement of this harmony, there's a background harmony with 3, 9, and 7, and the harp hits 7 on its way down to 13. Also listen for faint pizzicato strings plucking between C and G, with a few interjections of perfect fourth dyads (DG and BE) for some exotic flavor. It's also worth noting that based on the way these notes are stressed dynamically, the string arrangement sounds displaced by one beat–that is, its downbeat begins one beat after the drums and palm-muted guitar. This gives the strings a light, playful feeling but also makes them sound somewhat detached from the rest of the music.
As stated earlier, the refrains create tension by never landing on I-. It's also worth noting that the vocal melody single-handedly changes the chord progression with a major 6 intervals on F, creating a second inversion D minor chord.
The C and D sections use one of my favorite progressions: I-, V-, IV- (see also: “My Love” by Justin Timberlake and “Ayo Technology” by 50 Cent). As I talked about in my Kanye analysis, the V minor usually sounds peculiar in a pop context, but it sounds at home in “Ready, Able.”
I was unable to find good guitar tab or piano transcriptions for this song online, so this will get you started if you're a Grizzly Bear fan and want to cover this for YouTube:
“Ready, Able” Chords – Simplified For Rhythm Guitar & Piano
(See our chord abbreviation guide for help with this section.)
Verse 1: C (single note only)
Refrain: F, Fmaj7, to E- (plus D-7 during last measure)
Verse 2: Cmaj7(no5)
C section: A-, E-, D- (pianists: start on A-/E)
D section: A-, E-7, D-7
“Ready, Able” Chords – Full Harmony
Verses: Cmaj9(13)
Refrain: F, D-/F, Fmaj7, D-/F, to E-7 (plus D-7 during last measure)
C Section: A-, E-add11, D-
D section: A-9, E-7, D-7(13) (add tension 11 to these chords when the string quartet comes in)
“Ready, Able” Chords – Functional Analysis
Verse 1: Imaj9(13)
Refrain: VI, IV-/3, VImaj7, IV-/3, to V-7 (plus IV-7 during last measure)
C Section: I-, V-add11, IV-
D section: I-9, V-7, IV-7(13) (add tension 11 to these chords when the string quartet comes in)
This concludes my analysis. If you've read this far, you're probably an ultra music nerd like me and for that I salute you. I might be imagining or missing some of the tensions, so if you hear anything different or disagree with my analysis, feel free to leave a comment.
» Show Asterisk (*) Items for “Ready, Able” by Grizzly Bear: A Compositional Analysis (click to expand)
They are the biggest tournaments in our sport, where participation is mandatory, entry is reserved for the world's best and success is rewarded with fame and a rich haul of points and prize money.
Claiming a title at each level – Grand Slam, Barclays ATP World Tour Finals and ATP World Tour Masters 1000 – has its unique challenges. But the tournaments are all stages upon which legends are made, where careers are defined and where victory earns players universal respect from peers, fans and media. Not surprisingly, the players with the best ‘Big Titles' records are regarded as the giants of the game.
So which players have the most ‘Big Titles' and best strike rates at these elite events?
Roger Federer leads the field with 47 Big Titles, including 17 Grand Slams and six Barclays ATP World Tour Finals – both records.  They are third all-time with 24 Masters 1000 crowns, including seven in Cincinnati. The Swiss has played 203 tournaments at this level, averaging one title for each 4.3 events played.
Novak Djokovic, who on Sunday won a record-setting 29th ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title in Madrid, is just two trophies behind Federer with 45 Big Titles. A five-time Barclays ATP World Tour Finals champion, Djokovic has by far the best conversion rate of any player, past or present, winning one Big Title for every 3.2 events played at this level.
Rafael Nadal also boasts an exceptional strike rate, winning one Big Title for every 3.5 appearances.  They are joint second all-time for most Grand Slam titles won with 14, and outright second all-time for most Masters 1000 titles won with 28 crowns, just one behind Djokovic's record haul.
Andy Murray, who throughout their career has competed against the suffocating dominance of Federer, Nadal and Djokovic, has won 13 Big Titles. The Scot has 11 Masters 1000s (the same amount as all-time great Pete Sampras) and two majors. Murray wins one Big Title for every 10.4 tournaments played.
Since the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 series launched in 1990, Sampras has been the only player to rival the Big Titles strike rates of Djokovic, Nadal and Federer. A winner of 14 Grand Slam titles and five Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, the six-time year-end World No. 1 averaged one Big Title per 4.9 tournaments played.
One other player whose strike rate is in singles figures is Andre Agassi, who at one time was the record Masters 1000 titleholder with 17 titles, including six Miami crowns. Agassi also won eight majors and one season finale. Their 26 Big Titles from 164 tournaments played came at an average of one title per 6.3 events played.
Those historical averages put in perspective the utter dominance Djokovic has displayed in their past 21 outings at this level dating back to the 2014 BNP Paribas Masters in Paris. During that time the Serb has won one Big Title for every 1.23 events he's played, going 4 of 5 at Grand Slams, 11 of 14 at Masters 1000s and 2 for 2 at Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.
Current and Former Champions (Records Since 1990)
Current Top 10
Hallo! I've got five words for you this morning: “top-down stealth-action game.” If you allowed me seven, I'd add “cyberpunk dystopia.” I might casually mention that the main character is a hitman named T. J. Trench too. Then, to stop you pawing at me while yelling “WHAT IS THIS? Tell me!” I'd hastily explain that I'm talking about Metrocide. Developers Flat Earth Games haven't revealed too much about it yet but these collections of words, and them listing the original Syndicate and Grand Theft Auto as influences, has my attention. Have a gander yourself in the first trailer.
As I understand it, Metrocide will give you contracts to find and kill people, and in-between murdering them you'll need to avoid the rozzers and presumably other people who would like to kill you. The trailer shows a snippet of hacking a police system too, though I have no idea what effect that'll have. So many mysteries. The murder does look murdersome, and I'll be broadly interested in most games with prompts like “Press E to pick up corpse.”
Expect Metrocide later this year. It's the second game from Flat Earth, though their first gives no hints at what we might expect from Metrocide, as it was a crafting & city-building thing named TownCraft for pocket telephones. Here, gleam what you can from this trailer:
Yes, you read that right. There is a Little Pony collectible card game.
Whatever your thoughts on the matter, there's no denying that My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, and the culture that grew up around it, have become something of a phenomenon. Case in point, I spent this past weekend at Bronycon, held in the Baltimore Convention Center, which saw a record attendance of over 10,000 guests. Unsurprisingly, this CCG was featured there. It is my intent here to set aside any biases - positive or negative - that people have toward this franchise and just examine the game based on its own merits, which are surprisingly many.
This is far from my first CCG. I played Magic: the Gathering and Yu-Gi-Oh for years, and I've dabbled in Kaijudo and Vanguard as well. While I was never terribly competitive about it, I'm no stranger to the card game scene, so I was surprised to find that I had never played one quite like this.
Most CCGs are meant to represent a battle. In Magic, you're a Planeswalker casting spells to defeat your opponent. In Yu-Gi-Oh, you summon an army of monsters to do battle with another summoner. However, that's not what My Little Pony is going for. The show promotes values of friendship and harmony, and in some unusual but very cool ways, the CCG attempts to do the same.
Twilight Sparkle and their friends wield the Elements of Harmony, the most powerful artifacts in the MLP world.
Ironically, this is a pretty weak card.
While it is a contest, this game is not a battle with your opponent. Rather, you earn points by confronting various Problem cards, and the first player to reach 15 points wins. Without going too in-depth into the rules of the game, each Problem card may be confronted once per turn, if you have enough power there to do so. Problems are worth one point each time you confront them, and each has a bonus value which is scored twice; Once the first time it's successfully confronted, and again when both players confront it simultaneously, thereby solving it.
That's right, you cannot solve Problems on your own. There are exceptions to this, but they'd be better suited to a rules and strategies discussion than to this article.
The other way this game makes you help your opponent is with its Action Token (AT) system. At the start of each turn, the turn player generates actions tokens, which function a lot like mana does in Magic: the Gathering. You can spend these tokens to play cards, move characters around (more on that later), activate abilities, and do a few other things. Now here's the trick to it: AT generation ramps up as the game progresses, and it's based on the score of the highest scoring player. Aside from being a nice bit of flavor, this helps to keep the game balanced, rather than allowing one player to just take the lead and keep it forever.
There are six playable colors in the MLP CCG, each representing one of the six Elements of Harmony.
Alright, so the game's based on a popular franchise and it has some cute gimmicks, but is it actually fun to play? Well, yes, or else it wouldn't have merited a Sprites and Dice article. It's got a great concept and a unique style of play not quite like any other game I've encountered. I started playing back at PAX East 2014, and got hooked.
As for how it's played, I've already mentioned that this game is not a fight. There is no way to directly attack your opponent or their Friends. Rather, you have to work somewhat with and somewhat against them as you both attempt to confront Problems and score points.
Each player's deck consists of a minimum of 56 cards: One Mane Character (yes, that's the actual term. Are you finished groaning yet?), a ten card Problem deck, and 45 other cards. These other cards consist of Friends, Events, Resources, and Troublemakers. Friends are other characters, not all of which are friendly. Events cause one-time effects, similar to Instants/Sorceries in Magic, or Spell and Trap cards in Yu-Gi-Oh. Resources remain in play and cause continuous effects, like Enchantments in Magic. Troublemakers aren't quite like anything else; they are used to blocking Problems from your opponent, forcing them to deal with the Troublemaker before confronting the Problem. The Mane Character is the cornerstone of the deck. It begins the game in play at your Home, which is crucial as many cards require you to have a certain amount of a given color already in play before they can be used. Each Mane Character also has the ability to become stronger and gain new abilities when certain conditions are met. Generally speaking, this one card shapes the remainder of the deck.
From the official rulebook.
It seems like there's a lot to take in here, but the most important parts are the AT Cost, Play Requirement, Power, and Color.
Each player's side of the table is broken up into two zones: Home and Problem. In a typical two-player game this means there are four zones total. Home is, as the name implies, something of a home base for the player. It's where Friends return to once a Problem is solved, and some cards (generally Resources) specify that they remain at Home after being played.
An example of a game in progress. This is the "official" setup.
The zones just to the sides of center are the Problems.
The Problem zones are where the action happens. While you cannot play or move your Friends to your opponent's Home, their Problem zone is fair game, as is your own. If you meet the requirements to confront the Problem, you may do so on your turn. If your opponent is also meeting the requirements, this will trigger a face-off.
During a face-off, each player adds up the power of all of their Friends at that Problem, then flips one card from the top of their deck and adds its power to their total. Whoever has the higher total wins and scores the Problem's bonus. It is then considered solved, returned to the bottom of its Problem deck, and a new one is revealed.
This is an example of a Problem card. Note that there are two different requirements to confront it:
The card's owner needs one blue power and one power of any other color. The opponent needs four of any color.
If all of this seems a little overwhelming, don't worry. There's a bit of a learning curve even for experienced CCG players, due to all of the terminology and some of the unusual mechanics, but after a couple of games, it all starts making sense.
So, there you have it: A game based on a cartoon that was meant for little girls, which is quite complex and strategic and surprisingly good. If you enjoy card games, I highly recommend giving this one a try.
This has been part one of a two-part article. In part two I will talk more in depth about my own experience with the game thus far, as well as the current state of the game and the competitive scene.
Like what you've read here? Leave a comment, or visit our Facebook to keep on top of all of our upcoming articles!
The 1972 book Limits to Growth, which predicted our civilisation would probably collapse some time this century, has been criticised as doomsday fantasy since it was published. Back in 2002, self-styled environmental expert Bjorn Lomborg consigned it to the “dustbin of history”.
It doesn't belong there. Research from the University of Melbourne has found the book's forecasts are accurate, 40 years on. If we continue to track in line with the book's scenario, expect the early stages of global collapse to start appearing soon.
Limits to Growth was commissioned by a think tank called the Club of Rome. Researchers working out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, including husband-and-wife team Donella and Dennis Meadows, built a computer model to track the world's economy and environment. Called World3, this computer model was cutting edge.
The task was very ambitious. The team tracked industrialisation, population, food, use of resources, and pollution. They modelled data up to 1970, then developed a range of scenarios out to 2100, depending on whether humanity took serious action on environmental and resource issues. If that didn't happen, the model predicted “overshoot and collapse” – in the economy, environment and population – before 2070. This was called the “business-as-usual” scenario.
The book's central point, much criticised since, is that “the earth is finite” and the quest for unlimited growth in population, material goods etc would eventually lead to a crash.
So were they right? We decided to check in with those scenarios after 40 years. Dr Graham Turner gathered data from the UN (its department of economic and social affairs, Unesco, the food and agriculture organisation, and the UN statistics yearbook). They also checked in with the US national oceanic and atmospheric administration, the BP statistical review, and elsewhere. That data was plotted alongside the Limits to Growth scenarios.
The results show that the world is tracking pretty closely to the Limits to Growth “business-as-usual” scenario. The data doesn't match up with other scenarios.
These graphs show real-world data (first from the MIT work, then from our research), plotted in a solid line. The dotted line shows the Limits to Growth “business-as-usual” scenario out to 2100. Up to 2010, the data is strikingly similar to the book's forecasts.
Solid line: MIT, with new research in bold. Dotted line: Limits to Growth ‘business-as-usual' scenario.
Solid line: MIT, with new research in bold. Dotted line: Limits to Growth ‘business-as-usual' scenario. Photograph: Supplied
Solid line: MIT, and research in bold. Dotted line: Limits to Growth ‘business-as-usual' scenario. Photograph: Supplied
As the MIT researchers explained in 1972, under the scenario, growing population and demands for material wealth would lead to more industrial output and pollution. The graphs show this is indeed happening. Resources are being used up at a rapid rate, pollution is rising, industrial output and food per capita is rising. The population is rising quickly.
So far, Limits to Growth checks out with reality. So what happens next?
According to the book, to feed the continued growth in industrial output there must be ever-increasing use of resources. But resources become more expensive to obtain as they are used up. As more and more capital goes towards resource extraction, industrial output per capita starts to fall – in the book, from about 2015.
As pollution mounts and industrial input into agriculture falls, food production per capita falls. Health and education services are cut back, and that combines to bring about a rise in the death rate from about 2020. Global population begins to fall from about 2030, by about half a billion people per decade. Living conditions fall to levels similar to the early 1900s.
It's essentially resource constraints that bring about global collapse in the book. However, Limits to Growth does factor in the fallout from increasing pollution, including climate change. The book warned carbon dioxide emissions would have a “climatological effect” via “warming the atmosphere”.
As the graphs show, the University of Melbourne research has not found proof of collapse as of 2010 (although growth has already stalled in some areas). But in Limits to Growth those effects only start to bite around 2015-2030.
The first stages of decline may already have started. The Global Financial Crisis of 2007-08 and ongoing economic malaise may be a harbinger of the fallout from resource constraints. The pursuit of material wealth contributed to unsustainable levels of debt, with suddenly higher prices for food and oil contributing to defaults - and the GFC.
The issue of peak oil is critical. Many independent researchers conclude that “easy” conventional oil production has already peaked. Even the conservative International Energy Agency has warned about peak oil.
Peak oil could be the catalyst for global collapse. Some see new fossil fuel sources like shale oil, tar sands and coal seam gas as saviours, but the issue is how fast these resources can be extracted, for how long, and at what cost. If they soak up too much capital to extract the fallout would be widespread.
Our research does not indicate that collapse of the world economy, environment and population is a certainty. Nor do we claim the future will unfold exactly as the MIT researchers predicted back in 1972. Wars could break out; so could genuine global environmental leadership. Either could dramatically affect the trajectory.
But our findings should sound an alarm bell. It seems unlikely that the quest for ever-increasing growth can continue unchecked to 2100 without causing serious negative effects – and those effects might come sooner than we think.
It may be too late to convince the world's politicians and wealthy elites to chart a different course. So to the rest of us, maybe it's time to think about how we protect ourselves as we head into an uncertain future.
As Limits to Growth concluded in 1972:
If the present growth trends in world population, industrialisation, pollution, food production, and resource depletion continue unchanged, the limits to growth on this planet will be reached sometime within the next one hundred years. The most probable result will be a rather sudden and uncontrollable decline in both population and industrial capacity.
So far, there's little to indicate they got that wrong.
Over the last decade, they have not gotten anywhere near the kind of capital funding enjoyed by sports teams.
From the 2006 fiscal year through 2014, the city budgeted at least $464 million to build new baseball stadiums for the Yankees and the Mets, and $156 million for the Barclays Center. That's $620 million for just those three sports arenas — a sum more than one-third greater than the $453 million that the city committed for capital improvements to the its 206 branch libraries and four research centers, which serve roughly seven times as many people a year as attend baseball games. (The budget figures were provided by the city's Independent Budget Office; the teams are getting an additional $680 million in subsidies spread over 40 years.)
For decades, the libraries have served a single function in the city budget process: hostages. Mayors say they have to cut library hours to make the financial books balance. The City Council rises up in outrage. During the negotiations, hours are ultimately restored, usually swapped for something else that the mayor actually wants.
Despite these annual rescues, library hours in New York “trail behind cities throughout the nation,” according to a study by David Giles published this month by the Center for an Urban Future.
Now the libraries are on a campaign for more money to build or rebuild branches that are run down, although some people suggest we don't need libraries now that all the information in the world can be gotten on smartphones.
“Our research suggests that this couldn't be further from the truth,” Mr. Giles wrote in a 2013 study, “Branches of Opportunity.” The report documented increases in attendance that would be the envy of any sports teams. The branches, it said, “are a key component of the city's human capital system.”
That has been their historic role in New York.
One day in 1933, a 12-year-old boy named Joseph Papirofsky, a son in a house of immigrants where only Yiddish was spoken, arrived at a public library in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. They browsed the drama shelf.
Newcastle United are close to announcing that captain Jamaal Lascelles has agreed a new-five year contract as Rafa Benitez gives the clearest indication since the close of the transfer window, that they are still planning for the long term as manager.
With Benitez looking more settled on Tyneside after the tension regarding their summer recruitment budget raised questions about their happiness, the new contract for Lascelles is timely evidence that they are still working under the assumption they will remain in charge for the foreseeable future.
Lascalles was made captain by Benitez after relegation to the Championship in 2016 and although there have been accusations, at times, that the centre-back is a better leader than defender, Benitez has always believed they could turn them into an international player.
That remains some way off, but Lascelles has started the season – only their second in the Premier League – in impressive fashion and is keen to learn as much as they can from the Spaniard.
The 23-year-old still had three years to run on their current contract, but Newcastle have been in talks over an extension for several weeks and are confident they will sign in the next few days.
Two House lawmakers on Thursday introduced a measure to authorize military force against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), making it the first bipartisan and bicameral measure to do so.
Reps. Scott Rigell (R-Va.) and Peter Welch (D-Vt.) introduced the legislation, a companion bill to a measure in the Senate offered by Sens. Tim Kaine Timothy (Tim) Michael KaineTrump claims Democrats ‘don't mind executing babies after birth' after blocked abortion bill Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (D-Va.) and Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.).
ADVERTISEMENT
It would expire after three years unless reauthorized, repeal the Iraq War authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) and be the sole authorization for the war against ISIS.
The Obama administration currently maintains it has the authority to prosecute the war using the 2001 AUMF intended against al Qaeda, but it has argued a new AUMF in the war against ISIS would signal Congress's support for the war and the troops fighting it.
A RAND Corporation report released this week faulted the administration for "legal gymnastics" in using the 2001 AUMF to justify the new war against ISIS and recommended Congress pass a new measure.
Several other lawmakers, including presidential candidate Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), have introduced measures of their own, but this new effort is the only one that is both bipartisan and bicameral.
The White House also sent over an AUMF proposal last year, but it hit a brick wall after Republicans said it was too restrictive and Democrats said it was not restrictive enough.
Members on both sides of the aisle have been reluctant to endorse a new AUMF out of concern for how the war may end or how it may be prosecuted.
The lawmakers on Thursday said it was Congress's responsibility to authorize war and that it is long overdue.
"However one may define it, we are in a war right now," said Rigell, who noted that with a new House Speaker, lawmakers may be more amenable to tackling difficult issues in a bipartisan manner.
"We must not fear ISIS nor should we fear the debate about how to defeat ISIS," they said.
"Congress has been absent," added Welch. "It's time that Congress did its job."
Flake agreed that some colleagues "just don't want to get on the record here," but they said they would do their best to bring it to a vote.
"It will be a tough vote, and people are afraid of tough votes," Kaine said.
However, they added, one soldier has been killed in combat in the war, 10 U.S. troops have been killed in non-combat instances, five service members have been wounded and troops would be serving over Christmas.
"How do you think their families feel [when we say] it would be 'hard' for Congress to have a vote again?" they said.
"The scale of what's tough is so monumentally what's out of balance," they said. "It's a little embarrassing."
The U.S. Supreme Court denied Alaska's request for an emergency stay Friday morning, allowing same-sex marriages to resume in the state.
The one-line response came at 11:01 a.m., just one minute after a stay from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals dissolved as scheduled.
The order allows marriages to proceed. However, with state offices closed in observance of Alaska Day, it was impossible for couples to apply for a marriage license or pick up licenses that had been issued earlier in the week. Marriages are set to resume Monday.
The state vowed to continue its appeals.
"In 1998, Alaska voters passed a constitutional amendment defining marriage as being between one man and one woman. When they did that, it became part of the Alaska Constitution, which Gov. Parnell has sworn to uphold," spokesperson Sharon Leighow wrote in an email. "Today's denial of the stay doesn't change that and the State will continue with this appeal to the 9th Circuit. The State will comply with the earlier court rulings and resume issuing marriage licenses on Monday. The State will be filing its request for en banc review next week."
Alaska is the last state in the 9th Circuit to continue appealing rulings, according to American Civil Liberties Union of Alaska executive director Joshua Decker. Nevada and Idaho dropped their appeals earlier in the week, as did Arizona on Friday immediately after U.S. District Court Judge John Sedwick struck down that state's ban. Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead also said Friday that despite their personal conviction, Wyoming will not appeal a judge's ruling against the state's same-sex marriage ban.
"I'm surprised Parnell has not chosen to listen to the wisdom of fellow governors, all of whom may disagree with the court's decision but have said 'the courts have spoken, this is what the law is,'" Decker said.
The Friday rulings marked the latest in a week of complicated legal back-and-forth following U.S. District Court Judge Timothy Burgess' ruling Sunday overturning Alaska's same-sex marriage ban.
Alaska same-sex couples began applying for marriage licenses Monday, while the state quickly filed notice to appeal with the 9th Circuit Court and requested a stay from Burgess at the U.S. District Court level.
On Tuesday, Burgess denied the stay, forcing the state to request an emergency stay from the 9th Circuit. That court granted the stay Wednesday evening, halting marriages a day before the first licenses would have been issued Thursday morning.
The stay allowed Alaska to seek an additional stay from the U.S. Supreme Court. The state Department of Law filed the emergency request Thursday morning with U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has jurisdiction over Western states. Kennedy referred the issue to the full court, which rejected the stay without comment.
Attorney Caitlin Shortell, one of three attorneys representing plaintiffs in Hamby v. Parnell, the case challenging Alaska's same-sex marriage ban, said while the waiting was tough, they were not surprised by the Supreme Court's decision.
"I'm on many levels totally overjoyed that it is really going forward now," Shortell said. "Equal marriage can't be stopped."
Fellow attorney Allison Mendel expressed relief in the decision. Since plaintiffs prevailed, Mendel said, attorneys would now make a motion to ask for attorney fees from the state.
Mendel said there's "not a lot of hope" the state will prevail in overturning the ruling, especially as other states and circuit courts overturn similar bans in other states. While the state has argued that a potential ruling from the U.S. Supreme Court could possibly uphold bans across the nation, Mendel doesn't think that's likely.
"People are getting married everywhere, which is going to make it hard for them to run the clock backward, no matter what," Mendel said. "But right now we're just happy and relieved and happy."
Loren Leman, former Alaska lieutenant governor and former state senator, expressed dismay at the court decision.
"It was like a kick in the gut," they said of Burgess' Sunday ruling overturning the ban.
Read more: A short history of same-sex marriage in Alaska
Leman was one of the lead sponsors of Senate Joint Resolution 42, the first step Alaska took in implementing the constitutional amendment defining marriage as between one man and one woman. More than two-thirds majorities in the state Senate and the House approved the resolution before it went to Alaskans in a referendum, which was approved by 68 percent of voters.
In the almost 16 years since, Leman has fought consistently for the marriage amendment. They had hoped that more of a national conversation about marriage would begin before the courts overturned bans.
"Of course there has been the push in the courts, but there really hasn't been a substantive conversation about the value of marriage, why we have it and why we define it the way it is," Leman said. "When we take all that together, (Burgess') decision was disappointing."
Leman acknowledged that the crux of many states' arguments in trying to uphold same-sex marriage bans has been that the bans were enacted by voters. Courts have rejected that on numerous occasions.
Leman contended you could apply the same reasoning to numerous issues, including changing the minimum voting or drinking age.
"We, as a society, establish certain boundaries for how we live, who we are," Leman said, " and some people will call that discrimination. I just call it establishing rules about how we operate as a society."
Decker of the ACLU offered a different perspective. They disagreed that the conversation about marriage has been moving too slowly, since the ACLU brought its first marriage equality lawsuit in 1970.
"I think if you ask any Alaskan or American whose rights are being denied, whether marriage or any other equal rights, they would say it's been too long," Decker said. "A day being discriminated against is a day too long."
For Stephanie Pearson and Courtney Lamb, two plaintiffs in the Hamby v. Parnell case, and the only one of the five couples challenging the lawsuit who had not been married in another jurisdiction, the decision was long in coming.
"It was the decision we were waiting for," Pearson said in a Facebook message. "The past two days have seemed like an eternity."
Pearson and Lamb will be picking up their marriage license Monday morning with plans to marry as soon as they have the license in hand. Pearson said they hope Parnell will "stand down" from challenging the lawsuit.
We all love falafel and we all love curries, so why not combine them?! This vegan Falafel Curry is a creamy dream come true! Serve it with fluffy basmati rice and homemade naan for the ultimate Indian-inspired feast!
I love falafel and I love curries, so I figured why not combine them? The result was a rich and creamy vegan Falafel Curry. And it turned out to be one of my favorite curry recipes ever!!
The falafel
Whenever I make falafel, I always make a huge batch, because they freeze well and it's not much more work to make a larger batch. Naturally, frozen falafel will turn out to be a bit drier than fresh ones, so using them in this curry is the perfect opportunity, because it makes the Falafel super soft again. Problem solved!
The base of the sauce
The sauce for this falafel curry is really easy to make and I also like to use this base for a variety of different curries. Add chickpeas, veggies, potatoes instead of falafel and boom… whole different curry!
You'll only need two main ingredients for the sauce: tomato purée and coconut milk. It makes the creamiest and easiest sauce ever. I just love the combination of these two main flavors. To that, we add tons of spices such as ginger powder, onion powder, curry powder, salt, and fresh ginger. Aaand we're done.
I've made a huge pan of falafel curry for an Indian-inspired dinner party lately and everyone loved it! Although there have been various curries, this one has been the star of the evening :)
Once you've made the falafel, the curry itself isn't any work really. It's a super quick and easy, but awesome dish!
Serve the Falafel Curry with …
Falafel Curry FAQ
Do I have to make the falafel myself? Can I use store-bought Falafel instead?
It depends! Make sure the falafel are not too soft, otherwise they will fall apart in the curry. If your falafel are on the softer side, you can also fry them separately and add them to the curry shortly before serving.
Can I use canned chickpeas for the falafel?
You can, but make sure the falafel don't end up too soft. Otherwise follow the advice above to prevent them from falling apart in the curry.
I don't have onion powder or ginger powder. What can I use?
You can use fine diced onions and ginger instead (fry them in the oil with the falafel). Or you can use totally different spices such as garam masala! Feel free to play around with different spices! The basic curry sauce of coconut milk and tomato purée is very forgiving.
I want to prepare this curry in advance. Any advice?
No problem! Fry the falafel in a separate pan and add them to the curry shortly before serving. That way they won't get super soggy. If you have rather dry falafel (e.g. when you're using frozen falafel), feel free to let them sit in the curry longer to give them back some moisture.
Vegan Falafel Curry Recipe Combining the best out of two cuisines to create a Falafel Curry. Vegan & Gluten-free, creamy and delicious. Great with Naan and Basmati Rice. 5 from 5 votes Print Pin Prep Time: 5 minutes Cook Time: 15 minutes Total Time: 20 minutes Servings: 2 servings Calories: 691 kcal Author: Elephantastic Vegan Ingredients 10 Homemade Falafel *
1 cup tomato purée **
1 1/2 cups full-fat canned coconut milk
1 teaspoon plant-based oil
1/4 teaspoon salt and more to taste
1/4 teaspoon ginger powder
1/8 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon curry powder
1 inch piece ginger root Instructions In a large pot, heat one teaspoon of plant-based oil and add in the Falafel once the oil is hot.
Fry them for about 2-3 minutes on medium-high heat and reduce the heat to low.
Add in the tomato purée, coconut milk and spices.
Stir and let it cook for about 8-10 minutes (while slowly turning up the heat again). This is the point where you can adjust the curry to your taste by adding more coconut milk, salt, etc...
Peel the ginger root piece and cut it in very thin strips.
Once the curry is hot and it has reached your desired consistency, transfer it to a bowl and top it with the ginger strips. Notes **I used store-bought tomato purée (with salt, no additional herbs) for this recipe - it's often canned or in cartons, not to confuse with tomato paste which is thicker in consistency. Serve with: The Curry is best served with some *If you're using other homemade or store-bought falafel for this curry they might fall apart, so add them later to the pan and handle them carefully.**I used store-bought tomato purée (with salt, no additional herbs) for this recipe - it's often canned or in cartons, not to confuse with tomato paste which is thicker in consistency.The Curry is best served with some Homemade Naan and basmati rice. Check out the post for more side dish recommendations! Estimated Nutrition Info Calories: 691 kcal Tried this recipe? Mention @elephantasticvegan or tag #elephantasticvegan Rate the recipe! A recipe rating helps other users to figure out if they should try a recipe. Please leave a good rating, if you like the recipe!
If you give this vegan & gluten-free Falafel Curry a try I'd love to hear how it went! Write me a comment, rate the recipe or post a picture on instagram, use the hashtag #elephantasticvegan and tag me via @elephantasticvegan to make sure I'll see it ^.^ I love to see all your lovely creations! Thanks! <3
Click Below To Pin
More delicious vegan curry recipes:
Affiliate Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links, which means I may receive a commission if you click a link and purchase something that I have recommended. While clicking these links won't cost you any extra money, they will help me keep this site up and running!
A villager was killed by naxals after branding them as a police informer in Chhattisgarh's Kondagaon district, police said. Jaaglu Ram Nag (35) was allegedly shot dead by rebels at their native place Khadpadi village under Kondagaon police station limits last night, a local police official said.
Advertising
As per preliminary information, the victim had many a time refused to provide ration and materials of daily use to Maoists following which they were accused of supporting police by the rebels, they said. Last night, Nag was picked by some armed naxals from their house in Khadpadi, located around 50 kms away from Kondagaon town, and dragged them onto the street before pumping bullets on him, they said.
Security forces were rushed to the place this morning and they brought their body for postmortem to Kondagaon, they added. “According to villagers, naxals had accused Nag of working as a police informer,” the official said.
A case has been registered, they said, adding a search has been launched in the forests to nab the assailants.
The Daily Astro for January 10, 2013
by Valerie Sylvester
TODAY'S ASTRO:
The Moon enters Capricorn at 3:54 AM EST, giving us a total of five planets in this cardinal earth sign, and we're also in the dark of the moon phase (The New Moon activates 22 degrees of Capricorn tomorrow.) The word/s for today: DISCIPLINE/DISTRACTION. Since we're in an ending/clean-up cycle just prior to a New Moon, it's time to finish tasks, file things away, organize and bring order to chaos. You think that would be easy with the huge Capricorn vibe, but today's rife with distractions. The Moon aspects Uranus, Pluto and Saturn during the course of the day, so staying on track might be a problem, and if you have to make progress reports to anyone, they're not going to be very happy if the job's not done properly. Yesterday any slacking would have been just about invisible; today people notice. It may seem like the air is thick and heavy today–almost like the atmospheric density has suddenly increased. The Mercury/Neptune clash at 6:48 PM EST can lead to misunderstandings or misinterpretations. Think about the way you communicate. If other people are confused, make sure that you rectify the situation before it gets even more “tangled up in blue”. You might want to access your inner Hermit tonight; we're all feeling hermetically sealed and don't mind being alone with our thoughts and meditations.
THE SYMBOLS:
Sabian Symbol for today's Sun: “ A hidden choir singing.”
Kozminsky Symbol for today's Sun: “A girl carrying a bowl of water into which are reflected the rays of the setting sun. All around is darkness”.
Keyword for the Sabian Symbol is: “Worship”.
The Keyword for the Kozminsky Symbol is “Evolution”.
Today's Symbols dovetail and perfectly illustrate the astrological themes active right now. We're in a dark-of-the-Moon phase. It's a time to quiet the chattering mind to see what lies underneath the surface of things. We are responsive to symbolic language, to signs and symbols. The Kozminsky Symbol reminds us to be a light in the darkness, to hold on to a hopeful attitude even when things look grim.
We will be reborn with the New Moon. The Sabian Symbol relates to the concept of the “music of the spheres”. Again, look and listen closely for universal truths. Both Symbols can also relate to hidden issues or concerns that need to be addressed or purged. Secrets are revealed and harmony is restored. Both Symbols relate to developing our intuitive or psychic abilities and understanding the web of connection that binds us to all things.
THE DAILY DRAW:
10 of Swords/6 of Swords
Here's an appropriate combination for an ending cycle. What happens in the dark is very significant. The dark of night, the dark night of the soul, the darkest hour before the dawn, confronting the darkness within–these are all themes that may resonate. Our dreams may contain messages from those who have passed on. Pay attention to any messages that come to you in the dream state.
These two cards tell a story: We've been on a long, difficult journey, engulfed in darkness and fog, but finally, after weeks on turbulent seas, we get our first glimpse of the shore. We're being asked to release our connection to the past and all that we have known. There's a feeling of loss here; despite the fact that we (intellectually) know we must do something, it's still painful. Relationships may end; people leave or die–all this is upsetting, but everything operates as a cycle and when it's time for change, nothing stops the wheel from spinning. We instinctively know this but often operate in denial. These two Swords are sending us an S.O.S. They're telling us it's time to move on, as what has happened cannot be undone. We're meant to move forward. One journey has ended; another awaits but we must take the first step forward. Stagnation is not an option.
–January 10, 2013
Advertisements
Donald Trump Jr. borrowed an analogy popular among anti-immigrant activists and white nationalists for their meme likening Syrian refugees to poisoned Skittles.
In a Monday tweet, the GOP nominee's son suggested that accepting large numbers of refugees from the war-torn country posed the same risk as eating from a bowl of the rainbow-colored treats in which three of the candies “would kill you”:
This image says it all. Let's end the politically correct agenda that doesn't put America first. #trump2016 pic.twitter.com/9fHwog7ssN — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 19, 2016
Detractors quickly pointed out that the meme not only belittled the plight of millions of refugees but wildly overestimated the likelihood of being killed by a refugee. The libertarian Cato Institute put the odds of an American being murdered in terrorist attack carried out by a refugee at 1 in 3.64 billion per year.
Despite being branded with the Trump-Pence 2016 logo, the image was also not original to the Trump campaign. The meme has a long, weird shelf life on the Internet and is often used to describe the influence of a small population within a larger group. A variation involving M&Ms was actually used back in 2014 by some feminists on social media to push back on the “Not all men” defense against accusations of misogyny.
In its ugliest form, the analogy has roots in Nazi propaganda. As Raw Story and The Intercept pointed out, anti-Semitic newspaper publisher Julius Streicher, who was later hanged at Nuremberg, wrote a children's book in 1938 that compared Jews to poisonous mushrooms.
“Just as a single poisonous mushroom can kill a whole family, so a solitary Jew can destroy a whole village, a whole city, even an entire Volk [nation],” the book, “Der Giftpilz,” or “The Toadstool,” read, according to The Intercept.
The embrace of this ethnically-tinged version of the analogy took root on white nationalist blogs and fringe message boards in 2015, ticking upwards after the November terrorist attacks in Paris. Versions similar to the one Trump Jr. posted, also often featuring M&Ms, have circulated widely in those venues.
On ex-army.blogspot.com, self-described “libertarian nationalist” Matt Bailey compared refugees to “hand grenades” in a barrel of apples in a meme posted in November. A blog post from the same month on anti-immigrant website Virginia Dare used the “great” M&M metaphor to make the case that Virginia should not accept Muslim refugees. White nationalist site therightstuff.biz described it as an “infamous” reference last fall, and far-right fringe site The Burning Platform shared a visual depiction of it borrowed from an alt-right Twitter user:
Elected officials adopted the comparison, too. In an appearance on MSNBC last November, former Arkansas governor and current Trump supporter Mike Huckabee compared refugees to a large bag of peanuts in which a handful were “deadly poisonous.”
Trump Jr.'s Monday tweet is just the latest hat tip from the Trump campaign to white nationalists and the alt-right.
The Republican nominee's son came under fire just last week for sharing a photo featuring Pepe the Frog, a cartoon figure that has become a mascot of sorts for white nationalists online. Trump Jr. also followed up the Skittles tweet Tuesday by sharing a link to an article about Muslim immigrants raping American women, which is a pet concern among this fringe group.
Trump themselves has retweeted posts from users with the handles like @WhiteGenocideTPM on multiple occasions.
The continuing, outsized influence of white nationalist Internet users on Trump and their inner circle shouldn't come as a surprise. Trump made their campaign's synthesis with that fringe group official when they hired Breitbart News chairperson Steve Bannon as their campaign CEO in August. Bannon has referred to Breitbart, which pumps out pro-Trump stories daily, as a “platform for the alt-right.”
The campaign's anti-refugee rhetoric has upset at least one person involved in the creation of the Skittles meme: the man who photographed the bowl of the candy used in the image. In a remarkable turn of events, photographer David Kittos revealed to the BBC on Tuesday that they were themselves a refugee and that the photo was used without their permission.
“In 1974, when I was six-years old, I was a refugee from the Turkish occupation of Cyprus so I would never approve the use of this image against refugees,” Kittos said.
“I don't support their politics,” they added of Trump.
This post has been updated.
Alberta's NDP government is warning Ottawa not to rush on marijuana legalization, but isn't calling for pending federal legislation to be halted.
Justice Minister Kathleen Ganley said Tuesday there is much work that will need to be done after the Liberal government introduces its legalization bill, which is expected in the spring.
They suggested the legislation should be subject to considerable deliberations through the House of Commons committee process.
“We need time to consider these things but we need to consider them once we've seen what the feds are doing,” Ganley told reporters at the provincial legislature.
“I think they have gotten the message we need time to work out our processes around theirs.”
Ganley said unsettled questions that need to be addressed include which level of government will be responsible for regulating production and distribution.
“Those are the big, broad brush strokes around it, and then there are a whole bunch of things that will need to be regulated,” they said, citing fire safety codes, regulation of the concentration of marijuana in edible products, legal consumption age limits and medical exemptions.
Related
Marijuana-impaired driving and the distribution of potential tax revenues are also significant issues yet to be dealt with.
Ganley made the comments after Manitoba Premier Brian Pallister said Tuesday they want the federal government to postpone its marijuana legalization bill because there are still too many details to work out.
“We've done a fair bit of preparatory work here and research, and the more we do, the more we unlock complexities that need to be addressed that are not minor things,” Pallister told reporters Tuesday.
“I know at least some of the other first ministers have these concerns as well.”
Pallister said they will speak with other premiers and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about the issue at a first ministers conference Friday in Ottawa.
Premier Rachel Notley's spokesperson, Cheryl Oates, said in a statement the federal legislation needs to be reviewed.
“We trust that the federal government won't move on this file before a substantial risk assessment has been done and consideration has been given to issues arising, including those raised by Premier Pallister.”
— With files from Emma Graney, Trevor Howell, and The Canadian Press
jwood@postmedia.com
Saudi Arabia started its bombing campaign more than two weeks ago, intending to roll back the Houthi-Saleh coalition and help restore Mr. Hadi to power. But that goal has grown increasingly remote. Mr. Hadi has fled the country, the Houthi-Saleh forces have continued to advance, and Al Qaeda's branch in Yemen has capitalized on the Saudi strikes to extend its own reach.
In Hadhramaut Province around Al Mukalla, the army's handover of the oil fields to the tribal coalition — essentially for safekeeping — illustrated how the fight is degenerating into a contest among local armed groups filling the void left by the collapse of the Yemeni state.
“We tightened security around the fields and did not allow workers to leave with even a nail,” said Saleh bin Simrat, a spokesperson for the coalition, known as the Hadhramaut Tribal Confederacy.
Qaeda fighters have seized the airport, government buildings and a refinery around Al Mukalla, establishing themselves as the most powerful local force. In an effort to win popular support, they have begun calling themselves the Sons of Hadhramaut and have promised to quickly return control of the city to local civilian leaders. When they seized a major army base outside of the city on Friday, they allowed the soldiers inside to leave unharmed, according to a local tribal leader.
Air assaults by the Saudi-led coalition struck Sana, Yemen's capital, on Thursday night and Friday. People in Sana said the strikes were some of the heaviest to date. According to the United Nations, 18 of Yemen's 22 provinces have now been hit by airstrikes.
Illustration: Jim Pavlidis And so they did it on Saturday. As a consequence, they rewarded the Coalition but this was not enough to give it power in its own right. The essential lesson in this, however, is that as overall political performance has declined, the lines between the states and the Commonwealth have blurred. The public's respect for the political process is suffering as a result. Since the 1990s, as political and economic power has become more centralised, state politics has increasingly become a backwater. Individuals with political aspirations are drawn more and more to the national stage. The relentless centralisation of political power has diminished state politics. It is not just a matter of political talent and where it is going, it is also about money. What is abundantly clear - and the problems of the Howard government in its final term and the single term of the Rudd-Gillard government show this - is that the federation is broken. In an environment that is becoming more challenging and more complex, the states are ever more strapped of funds and talent.
The man who could be prime minister by the end of next week, Tony Abbott, knows this. In their book Battlelines, published last year, they examined the issue in a chapter entitled ''Australia's Biggest Political Problem and How to Fix It''. They wrote: ''In contemporary Australia, there is a yawning gulf between classic federalism and governmental practice and voter expectation. Health, education and the environment are the clear constitutional responsibility of the states but are also the areas of government policy that voters typically nominate as most important.'' Abbott is a centralist and is disdainful of the traditional Liberal states' rights argument. Would they devote themselves to fixing this problem in office? They did not speak of it during the campaign. Part of the Coalition's cost-cutting regime involves reducing the number of meetings between the Commonwealth and the states and territories each year, suggesting that working on federal-state relations would not be a priority. In an interview earlier this month, they told me that there was ''much in the book that can't and shouldn't become part of our policy - and hasn't become part of our policy''. During the final years of the Howard government, the question of how the states and the Commonwealth shared responsibility for policy delivery became a powerful issue. Howard and their ministers regularly blamed the states, all of them Labor, for poor policy outcomes. Kevin Rudd as opposition leader promised to end the blame game. Some voters took this to mean that Rudd would improve the performance of the states or close the gap between expectation and service delivery. They failed to do so and Labor has paid a massive price. In many respects, this election result, if it can be called that just yet, flatters the Labor Party. Rudd in 2007 promised to repair much of what was wrong with public policy and to create a new political dialogue. As has been demonstrated over and over again throughout this year, Labor in office found itself incapable of making good on Rudd's promise. Too often it fell back on cheap tactics and easy talk and took flight from promoting genuine Labor values.
The creation and protection of jobs was Labor's standout achievement in the past three years. It could have fashioned this as its version of Howard's successful (for a time) adoption of low interest rates as a definition of the Liberals' brand. Instead, once it found itself in trouble it attempted to ape its opponents and tried to woo the Sydney talkback radio audience, going after the votes of people who are worried about asylum seekers. Every time Labor has done that this year, polls have shown its primary vote falling. This is because Liberal and undecided voters concerned about the issue do not believe it. And its own supporters have been offended by it. Ever greater numbers are jumping, dismayed, to the Greens. After only one term of office, Labor's coalition of blue-collar and educated middle-class supporters has fallen apart. There is every prospect, even if Julia Gillard manages to hold on to office with the support of independents, that its base will continue to fragment so badly that its constituent parts cannot be reconnected. Loading The grim portent for Labor lies not in the mere fact of its loss of a parliamentary majority, but the way in which that loss has been inflicted, with many of its own people saying after only three years, ''no more''.
Shaun Carney is an Age associate editor.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved (AP Photo/Wong Maye-E)
By WBTV Staff - CHARLOTTE, N.C. (WBTV) - Blue Man Group announced Friday they were canceling their upcoming Charlotte performance, citing issues with North Carolina's House Bill 2.
"At the heart of every Blue Man Group performance is a joyful celebration of all human kind - including our commonalities and our differences," the group wrote. "We value every individual's right to live a dignified, vibrant life in full color. As such, we are joining the growing list of entertainment professionals in protest of North Carolina's HB2 law by canceling our upcoming tour performances in Charlotte."
The statement concluded, "We regret any disappointment this may cause our fans, but look forward to performing for you in the future."
The list of performers who have canceled shows in NC includes Bruce Springsteen, Boston and Pearl Jam, who made their cancellation announcement earlier in the week.
Blue Man Group's performance was scheduled to take place at the Belk Theater June 17 through June 19.
Officials with Blumenthal Performing Arts said that anyone who had purchased tickets to the event will automatically receive a refund to the credit card used, or by check if a card was not used.
Anyone with questions can call 704-372-1000 or email tickets@ncbpac.org.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The opening theme music from Pokémon Red/Blue is one of the more memorable gaming tracks ever, but you've probably never heard it this way.
YouTube drummer Andrew Fleming today posted a drum cover of the iconic song. Not only do they totally nail the performance, the video has some cool, Pokemon-inspired imagery. Take a look:
This is not Fleming's first gaming video. Before this, they rocked out to a killer version of the "Battle Theme" from 2001's Final Fantasy X, while another 2016 video saw them perform a Sonic "Green Hill Zone" drum cover.
In 2015, they performed this awesome Destiny drum cover. You can watch all of Fleming's videos on their AF Drums YouTube page.
Fleming isn't the only person performing video game drum covers. This amazing video shows a drummer turning a Smash Bros. match into beautiful jazz.
2016 is the 20th anniversary of the Pokémon series. The Pokémon Company celebrated the milestone with a Super Bowl commercial and a Drew Barrymore party, among other things.
Advertisement: Content continues below...
My husband, 5-year-old son, and I live in a little bit less than 500 sq ft. We downgraded from about 2000 sq feet to our new home, this past summer. We have enjoyed three seasons in our new home, and it is safe to say that we will be able to continue this living arrangement, until we decide we need more space. When I mention that we live in less than 500 sq feet, people always ask me how I deal with the lack of space, specifically for storing things. The biggest concern that we had before moving in was space too. We have many hobbies, and in the 10 years of living together, we accumulated a lot of things. Add to the mix a 5-year-old boy, and we were buried in toys, books, and clothes. It seems to be the biggest concern of people when you mention tiny space living. There are several Youtube channels and TV shows dedicated to the subject of tiny space living, but also about organizing, decluttering, and dealing with the aftermath of our addiction to consumption (Hoarders, Garage Sale Wars, Pawn Stars, etc.). We couldn't build a 2000 sq ft house, my husband and I only had 3 months to build our home. A small house was all we could fit in our finances and our time constraint. And also the small detail that we have never actually built a house before, or anything bigger than a chicken coop for that matter. When you are faced with the inevitable, you sit down, and you face your challenges. Things were the biggest obstacles to us living our dream. The process to get rid of things we didn't need was not "I am going to enter a room and see what I want to get rid of", but instead "I am going to enter this room, and will only keep things that I want, in this moment". Focusing my attention to acknowledging the items I had, all of them but one at a time. And then taking the time to bring my attention to what this item is bringing to me in the present moment. Joy? I am keeping it. Regret (about buying it, about spending resources/space on it, about a past life that I am trying to recreate)? It's getting out of the house. A good first step for me was reading The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up, by Marie Kondo. We donated or sold about 75% of our belongings. It's been 7 months, and I haven't missed any of the things I have not kept. And even in our small home, I am still finding things to get rid of.
On Wednesday, Hillary Clinton gave their concession speech after a stunning election defeat to Donald Trump. Here is the full transcript.
Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you so much.
Very rowdy group. Thank you, my friends. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so very much for being here. I love you all, too.
Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with them on behalf of our country.
I hope that they will be a successful president for all Americans. This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I'm sorry that we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country.
But I feel pride and gratitude for this wonderful campaign that we built together. This vast, diverse, creative, unruly, energized campaign. You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.
I know how disappointed you feel, because I feel it too. And so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful, and it will be for a long time. But I want you to remember this.
Our campaign was never about one person, or even one election. It was about the country we love and building an America that is hopeful, inclusive, and big-hearted. We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America, and I always will. And if you do, then we must accept this result and then look to the future. Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe them an open mind and the chance to lead. Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power.
We don't just respect that. We cherish it. It also enshrines the rule of law; the principle we are all equal in rights and dignity; freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these values, too, and we must defend them.
Let me add: Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time. So let's do all we can to keep advancing the causes and values we all hold dear. Making our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top, protecting our country and protecting our planet. And breaking down all the barriers that hold any American back from achieving their dreams.
We've spent a year and a half bringing together millions of people from every corner of our country to say with one voice that we believe that the American dream is big enough for everyone—for people of all races, and religions, for men and women, for immigrants, for LGBT people, and people with disabilities. For everyone.
So now, our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.
I am so grateful to stand with all of you. I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey. [Cheers and applause]
It has been a joy getting to know them better, and it gives me great hope and comfort to know that Tim will remain on the front lines of our democracy representing Virginia in the Senate. [Cheers and applause]
To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude.
We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership that has meant so much to so many Americans and people across the world. And to Bill and Chelsea, Mark, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers and our entire family, my love for you means more than I can ever express.
You crisscrossed this country on our behalf and lifted me up when I needed it most—even 4-month-old Aidan, who traveled with their mom. I will always be grateful to the talented, dedicated men and women at our headquarters in Brooklyn and across our country.
You poured your hearts into this campaign. To some of you who are veterans, it was a campaign after you had done other campaigns. Some of you, it was your first campaign. I want each of you to know that you were the best campaign anybody could have ever expected or wanted.
And to the millions of volunteers, community leaders, activists and union organizers who knocked on doors, talked to their neighbors, posted on Facebook—even in secret private Facebook sites.
I want everybody coming out from behind that and make sure your voices are heard going forward. [Cheers and applause]
To everyone who sent in contributions, even as small as $5, and kept us going, thank you from all of us. And to the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this—I have, as Tim said, spent my entire life fighting for what I believe in.
I've had successes and I've had setbacks. Sometimes, really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional, public, and political careers—you will have successes and setbacks too.
This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what's right is worth it.
It is, it is worth it. [Cheers and applause]
And so we need—we need you to keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives. And to all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me: I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion.
Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but some day someone will—and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. [Cheers and applause]
And to all of the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams. [Cheers and applause]
Finally, I am so grateful for our country and for all it has given to me.
I count my blessings every single day that I am an American. And I still believe, as deeply as I ever have, that if we stand together and work together with respect for our differences, strengthen our convictions, and love for this nation, our best days are still ahead of us.
Because, you know, I believe we are stronger together and we will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that. You know, scripture tells us, “Let us not grow weary of doing good, for in due season, we shall reap if we do not lose heart.”
My friends, let us have faith in each other, let us not grow weary and lose heart, for there are more seasons to come and there is more work to do.
I am incredibly honored and grateful to have had this chance to represent all of you in this consequential election.
May God bless you and may God bless the United States of America.
In 1983, as mayor of Burlington, Vermont, Bernie Sanders took the stage before the United Way, and admitted “I don't believe in charities.” Although this position appears diametrically opposed to my opinion from which the title to this diary is drawn, the Senator was absolutely right — later explaining “Most of them were conservative Republicans busy cutting services to low-income people. Then they go collect nickels and dimes, mostly from working people, and congratulate each other on their generosity. I find that hypocritical.”
Sanders has a great ability for summarizing the flaws of the world as it is. Charity must never be an excuse for governmental neglect of its basic function ensuring the social contract. To the extent that nonprofit work facilitates government complacency or persuades the privileged that the masses are adequately tended, that form of charity is undeniably regressive. We are periodically reminded of this danger when prominent Republican figures call for the elimination of social programs in favor or charitable relief.
International charity carries its own dangers of unintended consequences and misplaced motives. From the New York Times:
Sometimes, volunteering even causes real harm. Research in South Africa and elsewhere has found that “orphan tourism” — in which visitors volunteer as caregivers for children whose parents died or otherwise can't support them — has become so popular that some orphanages operate more like opportunistic businesses than charities, intentionally subjecting children to poor conditions in order to entice unsuspecting volunteers to donate more money.
From the Guardian:
Voluntourism almost always involves a group of idealistic and privileged travelers who have vastly different socio-economic statuses vis–à–vis those they serve. They often enter these communities with little or no understanding of the locals' history, culture, and ways of life. All that is understood is the poverty and the presumed neediness of the community, and for the purposes of volunteering, that seems to be enough. In my own experiences – also highlighted by the author of the article – this has led to condescending and superficial relationships that transform the (usually western) volunteer into a benevolent giver and the community members into the ever grateful receivers of charity. It makes for an extremely uncomfortable dynamic in which one begins to wonder if these trips are designed more for the spiritual fulfillment of the volunteer rather than the alleviation of poverty.
In the world we have, charity is a flawed system we adopt to assuage the failures of government to work for the common good. I think many progressives recognize that system, and practice some healthy skepticism of nonprofit efficacy.
Still, my statement of belief in charity as an ethical goal and the implication of Bernie Sanders' disbelief may both be correct. The best possible world we could imagine and the best possible government (except for all the others) would still fail to respond to human needs with equal innovation and precision to a nonprofit, simply given political inertia. A representative democracy may certainly protect the rights of a minority, but a majority will always be slow to meet the needs of the rest. Progressives should be rightfully skeptical of charity, but also accept its basic good.
On 30 October 2005, Theresia Morangke (15), Alfita Poliwo (17) and Yarni Sambue (17) were beheaded by Muslim militants in the Poso region on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, an area plagued by sectarian violence since 2001.[1] The attackers planned the beheadings after a visit to the Philippines. In 2006, three men were arrested and in 2007 convicted of the crime, one being sentenced to 20 years in prison and the others to 14 years.
Background [ edit ]
Central Sulawesi has experienced Muslim-Christian violence in recent years. The most serious violence, Poso riots, occurred between 1998 and into 2000. Over 1,000 people were killed in violence, riots, and tens of thousands were expelled from their homes.[2] After a period of relative calm, hostilities were reignited by rumors that a Muslim girl had been raped by a Christian. Thousands of Muslims and Christians died in the following year, and more than 60,000 families are reported to have fled their homes.[3]
The Malino peace accord was signed in 2001 and produced a dramatic decline in violence, but in the following years, tension and systematic attacks persisted.[2] In 2003, 13 Christians were killed in the Poso District by unknown masked gunmen.[2] In May 2005, a bomb blast in the nearby town of Tentena, killed twenty-two people and injured more than thirty.[4] Days after the killings, two 17-year-old schoolgirls were shot in the same area.[5]
Christian community leaders have repeatedly criticized the authorities for allegedly not doing enough to find the perpetrators of attacks on Christians in Sulawesi.[6]
The attack [ edit ]
The three teenagers were walking to a private Christian school in Central Sulawesi province with their friend Noviana Malewa, 15, when they were attacked by a group of six masked men armed with machetes. The attackers left one of the girls' heads outside a church. A note was left with the severed heads, which were dumped in plastic bags in the girls' village, which stated: "Wanted: 100 more heads, teenaged or adult, male or female; blood shall be answered with blood, soul with soul, head with head."[1][7][8] Malewa, the youngest, survived the attack with serious wounds to their neck.[9] The surviving girl was able to describe the attackers to the police.
Five suspects, including a former military police officer, were arrested and later released for lack of evidence, although three were subsequently re-arrested. The trial of three men, Irwanto Irano, Lilik Purwanto and Hasanuddin began in November 2006.[8] In February 2007, prosecutors recommended 20-year jail sentences for all three defendants. The prosecutors said they were not seeking the death penalty because the defendants had shown remorse and been forgiven by the victims' families.[10] The sentences were passed on 21 March 2007. Hasanuddin was given 20 years for planning the attack, while two accomplices were given 14 years. Hasanuddin had told the court they helped plan the attack, but they denied allegations they masterminded it.[1]
On going to jail, Hasanuddin said "It's not a problem (if I am being sentenced to prison) because this is a part of our struggle."[1] Hasanuddin was the leader of the regional Islamic Jihadist group Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) for the Poso district.[11]
Better Call Saul is a television crime drama series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould. It is a spin-off prequel of Gilligan's prior series Breaking Bad. Set in 2002, Better Call Saul follows the story of small-time lawyer Jimmy" McGill, a lawyer and a former scam artist, who becomes involved with the criminal world, six years before their appearance on Breaking Bad as Saul Goodman.
Like its predecessor, Better Call Saul has received critical acclaim. It has garnered several nominations, including fourteen Primetime Emmy Awards, seven Writers Guild of America Awards, five Critics' Choice Television Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award and two Golden Globe Awards. The series premiere held the record for the highest-rated scripted series premiere in basic cable history at the time of its airing.
Dave Porter, the composer of the score, has also written the opening theme and complete score of Breaking Bad. For their work on Breaking Bad, Porter has won an ASCAP Award. The Better Call Saul score features songs from the first and second series.
Strictly limited, the first 1.000 numbered copies of the Better Call Saul score are pressed on red vinyl. The package contains 2 printed inner sleeves with images of Jimmy, Nacho and Mike. It also contains an exclusive 4-page booklet with additional pictures and liner notes. To etch on the D-side is a "certified" replica of Jimmy McGill's law degree they received at the University of American Samoa.
180 gram audiophile vinyl / PVC protective sleeve
Gatefold sleeve / Includes 4-page booklet
Including 2 printed innersleeves
Score by Dave Porter
Etched D-side with "certified" replica of Jimmy's Law Degree
Secret inscriptions in run out groove
Score of Multiple Award Winning Spin off of Breaking Bad
Official website:www.amc.com/shows/better-call-saul
As Christians celebrated the birth of Jesus Christ on Thursday, astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson noted the birth of another notable man: Sir Isaac Newton.
Tyson's tweet was met with some praise and some ire—many felt the tweet was disrespectful to those observing Christmas on Dec. 25. But many cheered Tyson's wit.
The anti-Christian furor was stoked by Tyson's follow-up tweet, which read:
Late Friday, Tyson wrote a Facebook message explaining their tweet, which they say is their most retweeted ever.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Everybody knows that Christians celebrate the birth of Jesus on December 25th,” Tyson wrote. “I think fewer people know that Isaac Newton shares the same birthday. Christmas day in England – 1642. And perhaps even fewer people know that before they turned 30, Newton had discovered the laws of motion, the universal law of gravitation, and invented integral and differential calculus.”
Tyson also addressed the idea that their posts were somehow anti-Christian, saying, “If a person actually wanted to express anti-Christian sentiment, my guess is that alerting people of Isaac Newton's birthday would appear nowhere on the list.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Portuguese manufacturer Bitcoin Já launched its first Bitcoin ATM in Lisbon over the weekend
The company is a brand-new name in the world of bitcoin ATMs, so this is not only its first bitcoin machine in Portugal, but also the world.
The launch of the ‘BJATM1' model took place at the ATM's permanent location, Lisbon's @Cinema theatre, on Saturday, 4th October.
PayPal support
Bitcoin Já describes its ATM as a versatile, feature rich and highly scalable system. Being a two-way machine, it currently allows users to buy or sell bitcoins for fiat currency.
However, the company said it is already working on software updates that will enable support for altcoins and PayPal payments, as well as certain types of service payments.
FinTech DNA
CoinDesk discussed the launch with Bitcoin Já founder Joaquim Lambiza, who was keen to note that the machine had been extensively tested by their team and some members of Lisbon's bitcoin community.
Lambiza has previously worked as a partner at IBM and PriceWaterhouseCoopers, where they were responsible for several global IT projects.
“I left IBM to dedicate myself to my two passions – aviation and finding the disruptive technology that will change our lives. I found that in the block chain technology,” Lambiza told CoinDesk.
Lambiza said they decided to launch an ATM in Portugal last January, but was not satisfied with the approach or returns offered by existing solutions. Their solution? To create their own from scratch.
Lambiza explains:
“A very reputable Portuguese OEM kiosk manufacturer, Partteam, had an OEM ATM kiosk design, so it was just natural that we ordered the product. I joined together highly experienced hardware and software experts, coupled with business know-how, and created the Bitcoin Já ATM model BJATM1.”
They added that Bitcoin Já plans to sell ATMs rather than operate them, with the exception of the Lisbon installation which doubles as the company's showrooms. Therefore the company will not charge a fee to operators for basic functionality.
The project was funded solely by Bitcoin Já.
Appealing to operators
Lambiza said their system is very scalable, and thus allows variety of features to potential operators – whether they decide to operate just one machine or a cluster of them.
Operators can also either choose a hot wallet or one of a number of supported exchange services. The Lisbon unit will use a hot wallet, with a 3% fee to be levied from customers.
What sets the ATM apart from the rest of the competition, they indicated, is the guiding design concept employed by the team, emphasising community development and operator profitability. It allows for a lot of scalability, customisation and more revenue for potential operators.
“In my opinion, keeping the operator profitable will help grow the network and indirectly promote and grow the crypto-currency industry,” Lamboza explained.
The upcoming addition of PayPal and service payments, Lamboza argues, will increase both flexibility and revenue for the operator, rendering the units more attractive compared with other firms' products
Bank ATM warning
Shortly after the ATM went live, the Bank of Portugal appeared to address the launch directly, issuing a warning on the use of bitcoin and bitcoin ATMs, as reported in the Algarve Daily News.
The statement pointed out that bitcoin ATMs are not integrated with the country's ATM system and that digital currencies are unsafe and unregulated.
As with the many previous cautionary statements issued by European regulators, it names volatility, lack of regulation and consumer protection mechanisms, AML issues and potential criminal activities as the bank's main concerns.
However, the warning says nothing about the legality of operating and using bitcoin ATMs, which remain legal in Portugal
The publication also reported that Algarve is expected to get its first bitcoin ATM soon.
This is change and any change now is quite unsettling when dealing with on of the most aggressive cancers and the most lethal brain cancer around, but at the same time I think that trial was causing more damage than good so I was already about 80% sure I wanted to end it anyways; The decision was made for me and that made it much easier to end it. Driving back and forth from UCLA was getting very old especially not knowing if the drug is even helping in anyway. All I knew for sure was that it was causing me a lot of issues I would not have had to deal with without the drug. I am forever grateful for everyone at UCLA who helped me along this road and whether or not it helped or hurt me, I am still thankful.
Fast forward and I have an appointment with my oncologist to decide my treatment going forward. A week and half later I test my blood counts again and you guessed it, still too low for treatment. Some counts went up, others went down; overall still too low for chemo. After a brief, but informative talk with my oncologist, we decided to stop all treatment. I am testing again in a couple days and the final verdict will be decided when I see how those results look, but I am 99% sure I am done with the toxic chemo (pending a recurrence) which I pray never comes.
The doctors are all very clever when talking to me. The words 'remission' or 'cured' are never used and when I inquired about remission I was told "We rarely categorize GBM patients as 'in remission.'" There are always going to be stem cells in my brain with GBM cancer cells growing, mine are growing very slow at the moment and my immune system is able to clean them out without any trouble, but if they do one day decide to speed things back up, that is where in the trouble lies. Am I cured? Who knows, and frankly until my 50th birthday I will never consider myself in remission, this cancer is just too aggressive to truly let off the gas and the evidence is in the fact that my doctor told me that for the rest of my life I will be doing MRI's every 2 maybe 3 months if I feel comfortable enough.
I am going to attempt to continue doing all of my alternative therapies and am actually adding a couple things in since I am taking things out. I want to make sure and cover every base possible to try and keep this cancer where it is. It is painstaking, enduring and expensive. Insurance refuses to cover any of my alternative therapies because there is not enough clinical evidence to back up what I do (aka there is no money in it,) but they have no problem dispensing pill after pill and IV after IV that is not even a possibility of a cure, only a prolonging treatment to stretch lives out an extra few months, but makes them a boatload of money (ironic, right?)
I have been putting off writing this post because to be honest I am kind of scared. I got into a routine and felt comfortable with my progress as I went about my life. I had routine and comfort in that routine which helped guide me. Once I ended all my treatment I kind of felt like I lost my safety net. It has taken me some time to readjust to another 'new normal,' but I quickly found that I need to stay busy or my mind tends to go into thoughts that are not beneficial to my health. Being scared of living without chemo is a bad mentality and one which has taken me a few weeks to fix. In order to stay busy and try and scrounge up some money I went back to help out a close friend and their family's company part time. It is a weird thing going back to work after such a long hiatus, but after the first day it was like I was never gone.
I am trying to go back to work full time, but even returning to work at my current salary, I will not be able to cover half of the alternative therapies I do while trying to cover basic living expenses. I am for hire though, you name it and I'll do it! (I also have a really nice camera and have been told I take decent pictures so maybe if you have something you want documented I can help you out... Don't think I am wedding type material, but birthdays or parties, or showers alike I think I can handle.)
That being said, what now? Well I need some help again. It is so hard for me to ask for help after all everyone has done for me. Help from perfect strangers and friends alike, you guys have truly been the reason I am here today. Without the help I would have been stuck with just chemo and who knows where I would be. The stuff I do outside of insurance is not cheap at all, but I truly believe in it and think it is the main reason I am doing so well and here today. Whether or not it is I may never know, and I hope I never have to find out! I set up a donation site through what I hear is a free service since the first service my sister used took an exceptional amount of the money donated to me. Anyone who donates $40 or more will get a shirt that I am currently designing myself inspired by this last year of my life (please e-mail ryansepicbattle@gmail(.com) with your shipping address, name and size. I will ship worldwide, just give me some time as these shirts will not even be ordered until I can figure out a rough estimate of how many I will need. These shirts will be limited to whoever donates and will also be the first shirt introduced for Little Kings Foundation. I only need some help to get me going and to pay down a little bit of debt that I have accumulated on my year-long battle with this little monster in my head. When I started this I didn't think there was anyway I would burn through over $25,000- guess I grossly underestimated the cost of cancer.
Anyone who wants to donate can visit
I can't thank you all enough and PLEASE let me know if I can do anything for any of you, if it is within my power I will make it happen!
FTGF,
xo
Ryan
"What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it."
Whether or not you can help me out this time around, I honestly want to thank all of you from wherever the truest of thanks come from. I hope in my year-long journey I have helped a couple people along the way. I will continue blogging about my battle and working with the foundation as I gear up for my new life. Stay tuned because the best is yet to come!Anyone who wants to donate can visit Ryans Medical Fund I can't thank you all enough andlet me know if I can do anything for any of you, if it is within my power I will make it happen!FTGF,xoRyan"What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it."
The longest and most stressful slash amazing year of my life has finally ended. 365 days ago at about 9am I found out I had a tumor in my brain. That tumor turned out to be cancer. That cancer turned out to be one of the worst cancers around. A year ago marked the beginning of a new lifelong battle that has only just begun. 365 days ago I began a road that will shape how the rest of my life will be navigated. When I speak to my close friends about the upcoming 'anniversary' they always comment on how fast the year went by. For me, this past year seemed like it lasted 5. I guess being on this side of the fence is a bit different, I am just glad it is finally over! My progress with this cancer has put me into a very small population of people. GBM's are notorious for regrowing quite rapidly and not a very large percentage of GBM patients go as long as I have without showing any signs of regrowth- lets pray this continues for another 50 years!It has been quite a while since I last updated everyone and A LOT has changed. It has been stressful and wearing to the point of exhaustion, but I am finally now comfortable enough to share what has transpired over the past 6-7, 8 weeks? Last blog I posted about all the issues with my treatments, the chemo's were causing all sorts of problems with my blood counts and making it hard to function at times. I was supposed to be done with my 8th round of chemo and starting my 9th as of Tuesday 2 weeks ago, but my counts have now decided they want to stay just below the minimum required for treatment. Being on a trial drug they are mandated and regulated to the max which means deviation from protocol means immediate disallowance from the trial. I was given not one, but two exceptions due to my prognosis, age and overall health (they really wanted to keep me on the trial since I am doing so well against such a terrible cancer.) Two is the maximum number of allowances allowed for this trial so on my third try my tests still came back low which means I no longer had the choice of whether or not I want to continue on the trial, the choice was made for me.
