Audi prepared for the new DTM season in a three-day test on the Portuguese race track at Portimão, covering 1,971 kilometers in total. It was the last test with an interim car before the world premiere of the new Audi RS 5 DTM that will be unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show on March 7 – marking the first debut of the DTM car to take place at the same time as that of the new production model.
For Audi's DTM team, these days are particularly intensive ones. Fine-tuning of the new Audi RS 5 DTM's aerodynamics and technology can continue until next Tuesday. On March 1, the final design has to be submitted to the motorsport authority, after which no modifications are possible anymore.
Many things in the 2017 DTM will be new: more engine power, less downforce, a more efficient Drag Reduction System (DRS) and softer tires, which may no longer be pre-heated either. All this is intended to make the DTM races even more thrilling and varied for the spectators.
“The tests at Portimão have confirmed that we're heading in the right direction,” says Head of Audi Motorsport Dieter Gass, who was on site to get a personal impression of the current state. “The cars have a throatier sound and are faster. I feel that's even visible on track. The biggest step, however, are the softer tires. Depending on how they're used, the differences in lap times can be considerable. There'll be many different strategic options – which will make things very interesting. The driver will be playing a greater part than before as well.”
Accordingly, the impressions and data gathered for Audi by Mattias Ekström, Loïc Duval, René Rast and Jamie Green on the three test days at Portimão were highly important. The seasoned campaigners, Ekström (177 DTM races) and Green (139 starts), in winter performed the lion's share of the test work for Audi for the 2017 season. For the two DTM newcomers, Duval and Rast, Portimão was about making optimum use of one of the few testing opportunities before the season opens at Hockenheim on May 6/7.
“This worked out well,” says Le Mans winner and World Endurance Champion Loïc Duval. “It was a productive day for me and we covered every aspect of our program: qualifying, race distance and even a start practice unit. For the first time, I was also able to work with my new engineer, Mathieu Le Nail. As we all know, the interaction between the driver and the engineer are very important in the DTM.”
Duval shared Wednesday's test with René Rast, who was visibly impressed by the 2017-spec technology: “The car's handling is completely different. That was tremendous fun. It'll be interesting to see which manufacturer will be doing the best job this year.”
“The new tires are a lot softer and degrade quickly,” says Mattias Ekström, who drove on Tuesday. “We burned plenty of rubber. After just one day, things around the track were looking pretty wild. I'm already dying to see 18 cars on track together for the first time at Hockenheim – they're going to leave a lot of rubber on it.”
Jamie Green was the driver on Thursday, the final test day with the interim car. “We again learned a lot during the test,” says the Briton. “Now I can hardly wait to drive the new car. It looks spectacular. And obviously we're hoping for it to be fast too.”
Following the world premiere in Geneva, the new Audi RS 5 DTM will be doing its first public test laps at the Italian race track of Vallelunga near Rome from March 14 to 16. The final pre-season test will take place at Hockenheim from April 3 to 6.
The Texas Rangers have started reaching out to teams potentially interested in acquiring star pitcher Yu Darvish, gathering information on what sort of return they could receive if they decide to trade them before the July 31 deadline, major league sources told Yahoo Sports on Thursday.
In the midst of a wicked slump that dropped them to 45-50 and behind five other teams for the second American League wild card, the Rangers are not committed to dealing Darvish, the 30-year-old right-hander who immediately would become the market's most coveted asset.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
At the same time, rival executives believe the Rangers are nearing the point where their struggles could force them to strongly consider doing so. Even if Darvish's impending free agency would prevent the Rangers from receiving a blockbuster return, rental players of their ilk carry enormous value, and Texas is taking the proper step gauging just how valuable they are.
In 20 starts this season, Yu Darvish has struck out 131 in 125 1/3 innings and carries an ERA of 3.45. (AP)
Unlike other rental pitchers available – the best of whom include Lance Lynn, Marco Estrada, Francisco Liriano, Andrew Cashner and Jeremy Hellickson – Darvish's ability to slot near the top of any rotation makes them desirable to almost every contending team. In 20 starts this season, Darvish has struck out 131 in 125 1/3 innings and carries an ERA of 3.45.
By feeling out Darvish's market a dozen days before the deadline, Texas gives itself a week or so to climb back into the playoff race while simultaneously allowing for a white flag to be raised without being caught flat-footed.
Story continues
Narrowing down contenders this early in the process is folly. Though Darvish's market would overlap with that for Oakland pitcher Sonny Gray, their differing contract situations – Darvish's expiring in October and Gray with two more years of team control after 2017 – position them differently. Teams committed to winning this year in particular almost all find Darvish the preferable option, according to sources. Among those that have sought starting pitching and have the prospect capital to acquire Darvish: the Houston Astros, Milwaukee Brewers, New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, Colorado Rockies and Los Angeles Dodgers.
*** No, the Astros and A's never were close to a deal for Gray on Thursday. They are in the same holding pattern they've been in for weeks, one motivated even more by the Astros stumbling upon the sort of third starter they've sought with Gray.
Brad Peacock is 29 years old. They came to Houston, funny enough, in a deal with Oakland in 2013, and they threw nearly as many innings at Triple-A over those four years as they did in the major leagues. So to see this from them – 71 strikeouts in 52 1/3 innings over 10 starts, with batters slashing .203/.308/.276 – isn't just the surprise of the year. It is, quite literally, stumbling upon millions of dollars in value.
Because consider this: If the Astros believe Peacock's slider-fueled breakout is real – he's throwing the pitch more than 35 percent of the time – the idea of having to give up a Kyle Tucker or Forrest Whitley or Francis Martes to secure Gray isn't nearly as appealing.
Darvish is a different story – someone whose pedigree and stuff clearly play alongside Dallas Keuchel and Lance McCullers Jr. The other rental pitchers are similar enough to the remainder of the Astros' starting options – Charlie Morton, Collin McHugh, Mike Fiers and rookies Martes and Joe Musgrove – that their market is almost assuredly Darvish, Gray or bust.
The counterargument to that is simple, and it's a compelling one: When a team as good as the Astros doesn't improve itself at the trade deadline, it runs the risk of sending a message to the players in the clubhouse that the front office is not supportive enough of its stellar work on the field. This is not a fair position in which executives find themselves – a team as good as the Astros simply doesn't need a whole lot of improvement – but it's reality, as Astros players understand the rarity with which a season like 2017 comes along: In a wide-open league, they are head and shoulders better than everyone else.
*** And, it should be noted, the Astros would be even better if during their bullpen shopping they focus on Zach Britton. Even with the Baltimore Orioles back to within three games of .500 following a four-game sweep of the Rangers, they remain almost certain to deal at least one relief pitcher.
The fight for Britton could be one between the two favorites to reach the World Series. (AP)
While Britton is unquestionably the best of the bunch, teams looking for bullpen arms are asking a pair of rightful questions: Do they really want to trade the elite prospects it would take for a player who just missed two months with a forearm injury, and do they really want to take on the $14 million Britton is expected to command in arbitration for next season?
For a team like the Los Angeles Dodgers, the latter is a no-brainer and the former almost certainly worth the risk when considering the possibility of pairing Britton and Kenley Jansen at the back end of the bullpen on a squad almost playing .700 ball. (Similarly, a Clayton Kershaw-Darvish-Alex Wood-Rich Hill rotation would look awfully nice.) The Astros' answers aren't quite as clear, but no doubt they fit the profile of what they've sought.
Ultimately, the fight for Britton could be one between the two favorites to reach the World Series.
*** At 32-61, the Philadelphia Phillies are the worst team in baseball by 3½ games. They still have poked around on controllable starting pitchers, according to sources, even as they look to deal pending free agents Hellickson, relievers Pat Neshek and Joaquin Benoit, and second baseman Howie Kendrick.
Teams around baseball see Philadelphia as a leviathan-in-training. While there has been significant regression in their farm system – top prospect J.P. Crawford is in the midst of their second consecutive disappointing season and last year's No. 1 overall pick, Mickey Moniak, hasn't excelled – the leaps forward have more than salvaged the season. Between second baseman Scott Kingery and first baseman Rhys Hoskins, the Phillies have the right side of their infield of the future. And their four best pitching prospects – 18-year-old Sixto Sanchez, 20-year-old Adonis Medina, 20-year-old Jojo Romero and 22-year-old Franklyn Kilome – are extremely well-regarded by other teams.
The best part for Philadelphia: its only player under contract beyond 2017 is center fielder Odubel Herrera. So whether they want to make a splash in free agency this offseason or save that money for the mondo class after the 2018 season, the Phillies are in an excellent position, even if they are the worst team in the game.
*** Favorite quote of the trade deadline season, when asking an executive whether San Diego general manager A.J. Preller had dropped what other teams considered an exorbitant ask for left-handed reliver Brad Hand: “I don't think the Dodgers would ask more for Kershaw than A.J. is for Brad Hand.”
More MLB coverage on Yahoo Sports:
This article is about the English broadcaster known as Dr. Fox. For the Conservative MP known as Dr. Fox, see Liam Fox . For the former rugby player, see Neil Fox (rugby league)
Neil Andrew Howe Fox (born 12 June 1961) is an English radio DJ and television presenter, known for many years as Dr Fox before they became "Foxy" in the 2000s.  They are now known simply as Neil Fox.
They were a judge on Pop Idol between 2001 and 2003 alongside Simon Cowell, Pete Waterman and Nicki Chapman.
Early life [ edit ]
Fox was born on 12 June 1961 in Harrow, Middlesex.[1] As a boy they moved to the Thames Ditton, Surrey, where they lived for a number of years. They were then educated at Kingston Grammar School in London and joined the Air Training Corps, before becoming a management student at the University of Bath, where they joined the student radio station University Radio Bath, and began their career as a radio presenter using the pseudonym Andrew Howe. After leaving university they worked as a binliner salesperson.[2]  They are not a qualified doctor, although did receive an honorary doctorate from the University of Bath in respect of their contributions to the media and charity. As a child they enjoyed making the trip to Adams Park to watch Wycombe Wanderers.[citation needed]
Career [ edit ]
Radio [ edit ]
Radio Wyvern [ edit ]
In 1984 they started their professional radio career on what is now Free Radio Herefordshire & Worcestershire (then Radio Wyvern) in Hereford and Worcester, starting off with a show called Mellow Yellow. This was broadcast on Friday nights from 9.00 pm - 11.00pm & Saturday nights from 8.00 pm -11.00 pm. In 1985, Fox took over the weekday evening show from 6.00 pm - 9.00 pm, before moving to their weekday afternoon show from 2.00 pm - 6.00 pm. They also presented a Saturday morning show for the station, which went out from 10.00 am - 1.00 pm. They remained there until late 1986, then joined Radio Luxembourg in February 1987 before joining Capital Radio in October the same year.[2]
Capital Radio [ edit ]
Fox presented the station's evening show from 7.30 pm until 10.00 pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays (sharing weekday evenings with Pat Sharp), where some of their first shows were broadcast only on medium wave, because Capital were then broadcasting "adult" rock music on FM while mainstream chart music was played on MW. However, this soon ceased, the MW transmitters were given over to 'oldies' station Capital Gold, and the FM service became Capital FM. They also presented a Saturday morning show.
In the very early 1990s there was a short period during which Fox hosted a show starting at midnight on Saturday, specifically aimed at the club crowd. It was for this show that they adopted the moniker "Dr Fox", with the full title of the programme being "Dr Fox's Midnight Surgery". This was at the suggestion of Capital's Programme Director, Richard Park, who some years previously had been a presenter on Radio Clyde and had hosted a similar show under the pseudonym "Dr Dick". Many people called the show for requests. Fox was well known for lots of banter with the callers and the "Surgery" was soon extended to their weekday evening shows.
Fox was establishing themselves as one of Capital FM's most popular DJs and in 1993 they began presenting the Sunday afternoon Network Chart Show, which owing to sponsorship went on to be called the Pepsi Network Chart before becoming simply the Pepsi Chart in 1996 and then hit40uk, sponsored by Woolworths in 2003. During Fox's tenure this show, which had previously been hosted by David Jensen, overtook the official Top 40 show on BBC Radio 1 (broadcast at exactly the same time). In addition to this, they still continued with their evening show, although from 1995 they went out on Sundays to Thursdays. On Sundays their show was from 7.00 pm to 8.30 pm on Sundays as they presented the Chart show beforehand. In 1997 it was rumoured that Matthew Bannister offered Fox the breakfast show on BBC Radio 1, following the departure of Chris Evans from the station.[citation needed] In late 1998 they took over Capital's 4.00 pm -7.00 pm drivetime show from David Jensen which was later extended to 8.00 pm.
Fox also presented a show on Channel 5 from 1998 until 2002, and they were famously a judge on Pop Idol, as well as presenting various other ITV1 shows. On Capital FM they moved from the weekday evening show to the drivetime show in 1998, again succeeding David Jensen. They deputised for Chris Tarrant on the station's breakfast show on many occasions, especially after Tarrant changed to part-time work in 2003, but was passed over in favour of Johnny Vaughan as Tarrant's successor.
Fox claimed[citation needed] that they wanted to leave Capital when they didn't get the breakfast show, but they initially changed their mind and remained for a while longer. On 30 May 2004 they presented their last hit40uk after 11 years, but remained on Capital FM until the spring of 2005 when they left the station after 18 years, their drivetime show being taken over by Richard Bacon.
Magic 105.4 [ edit ]
From 12 September 2005 they were the presenter of the "More Music Breakfast Show" on Magic 105.4 FM in London, and on DAB, Freeview and Satellite across the UK. Their last show was on 30 September 2014, after which they were arrested on the studio's premises. Although ultimately acquitted in December 2015, Fox's contract expired in January 2016 and they never returned to Magic.[3]
Thames Radio [ edit ]
On 26 June 2016, Six months after their acquittal, it was announced Fox would join the new London radio station Thames Radio, where they presented the Saturday morning show.[4] However the venture was short lived, when the station opted for non-stop music in July 2017.[5]
Awards [ edit ]
Fox holds ten Sony awards and was awarded the Gold award for lifetime achievement in 2009, as well as winning the "Best Disc Jockey" award at the Smash Hits Poll Winners Party multiple times. Fox has also been rewarded with the Arqiva Lifetime achievement award.[citation needed]
Television [ edit ]
On 12 October 2008 Fox joined their fellow ex-Pop Idol judges Pete Waterman and Nicki Chapman on Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice, a spoof on the talent show genre of programmes.
Fox appeared on the satirical show Brass Eye's controversial 2001 Paedophilia Special, where they claimed that "Genetically, paedophiles have more genes in common with crabs than they do with you and me. Now that is scientific fact... there's no real evidence for it, but it is scientific fact."[6][7]
Other television work and appearances include Doctor Fox's Video Jukebox on LWT, Ice Warriors (voiceover) and The Big Call (host) on ITV, and Not the Jack Docherty Show (host) on Channel 5.
They appeared on Paul O'Grady: For the Love of Dogs, where they received their puppy Bonzo.
They appeared as himself, judging a superhero talent show, in BBC Three sketch show The Wrong Door.[citation needed]
On 2 April 2014 Fox appeared on an episode of Big Star's Little Star with their daughter Martha.
Personal life [ edit ]
Views [ edit ]
In August 2014 Fox was one of 200 public figures who were signatories to a letter to The Guardian opposing Scottish independence in the run-up to September's referendum on that issue.[8]
Fox is an supporter of Wycombe Wanderers.[citation needed]
Arrest and trial [ edit ]
Fox was arrested on 30 September 2014 at Magic FM headquarters in London by police investigating claims of historical sex offences. The arrest came after separate allegations were made by two women. Their arrest was not part of the high-profile sex crime investigation Operation Yewtree, which was set up in the wake of revelations about BBC presenter Jimmy Savile. Fox's homes in Fulham and Littlehampton, West Sussex, were searched.[9] They were subsequently released on bail until December 2014,[10] when they were re-arrested in relation to three other alleged incidents; they were again bailed until March 2015. On 13 March they were arrested for an alleged sexual offence against a woman in the early 1990s.[11] They remained on bail until late March, when they were then charged with nine sex offences against six people, of whom three were under the age of 16.[12] The offences allegedly occurred between 1991 and 2014.[13] They entered pleas of not guilty at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 16 April 2015.[13][14] They pleaded not guilty to six additional charges from 1987 and 1988 involving three girls under the age of 16 on 2 October.[15]
Their trial began on 5 November 2015.[16] Prosecutors cleared them of five charges before the start of the trial.[17] The bench trial took place at Westminster Magistrates' Court.[18] They were found not guilty on all charges on 14 December.[19] Fox's trial was the first high-profile sexual abuse case to be decided by magistrates, rather than a jury, since the Savile scandal.[20] In the summary Judge Howard Riddle stated: "We heard evidence of about 10 allegations from six women. We believed each of the complainants. The question we must ask is whether we are sure of the facts alleged, sure of the context in which they occurred and sure that they amount to criminal offences."[21]:44 Judge Riddle spoke of the difficulty in dealing with the historic cases, stating they were not sure if the incidents occurred as described or if they amounted to criminal offences, and was not sure if the most recent allegation was a criminal offence.[20][21]:31 In a statement to the media following their acquittal, Fox stated: "This case has once again raised concerns about how high-profile cases such as this have been investigated by the CPS".[20] They then thanked supporters and expressed their interest in returning to broadcasting.[20]
Discography [ edit ]
Mix'o'matic (1996)
The album Mix'o'matic is a remix album, containing 50 songs over two discs mixed together by Fox.
With this post I am starting a mini series of three posts about my fall wardrobe essentials: vintage sweaters. I will show you how I blend them into my modern wardrobe.
Sky Blue Vintage Sweater
So let's dive into the first one! Here I will show you a sky blue vintage crop sweater. Feel free to skip the details and to jump right to the rest of the pictures.
In this outfit I opted for a minimalist look and paired the sweater with a couple of basics from a modern wardrobe: black skinny jeans and black ankle boots with studded backs. Woo-hoo!
On my neck I wear an eye necklace. This is yet another thrift find of mine. I do not know where it came from or when it was made or by whom. It does not have any label. I am glad to have it, because the eye attracts a lot of attention! And I love being in the centre of fashion attention 😉
I found the sweater last year in a local thrift store and immediately fell in love. What I like the best about it is the cut and the colour – especially the latter, because it flatters my eyes 😉 The plain solid colour looks interesting thanks to the woven texture with geometrical ornament. I like it that the sweater has no pattern, it's easy to wear it with almost everything.
When I am hunting vintage, I always look at garment's labels. Old labels are so different from the moderns ones. They have a distinct look and provided a very different information (style #, lot # – what's all this!). The label of this sweater looks so vintage! It allows us to estimate that the sweater was made around 90s or maybe 80s. The label states it is made in Canada and the brand is Pelican Cove; unfortunately, I could not find any information about the brand.
Behinnd The Scenes of “My Fall Wardrobe Essentials: Vintage Sweaters” series
While thinking about the concept of the series, I was hesitating between presenting all outfits in one post or showing them separately. In the end I decided against the huge single post. Featuring one sweater at a time would allow me to fully concentrate on each item and to make the posts clearer.
I still wanted to take all shots in one day. I brought all items and shoes with me and prepared in advance for changing on the street to avoid walking back home (mostly, choosing an appropriate underwear 😉 )
However, the autumn weather did not want to cooperate. After we did the first shots, it started raining. The rain was rather annoying than strong, but I still got worried about the camera. Fine electric equipment usually hates water and gets easy broken once getting wet. So, we had to go home. The next day the weather gave us a big smile and apologies. It was a beautiful Indian Summer day with warm sun and blue sky. It was such a joy to take pictures. I will show them in the next two posts.
More Photos Of The Blue Sweater
My boyfriend was again a camera man. They do not really know how to take pictures, and I always give them a crush course before the shooting. They manage to forget it all before the next photo shoot 🙂 However, I have to admit that they do a very good job of catching moments that make the great photos!
The pictures were taken in my neighbourhood on a baseball stadium surrounded by maple trees. Their leaves now have this flashy red colour that makes Canadian autumn so beautiful. I couldn't pass by and collected a few from the ground as a bright accessory.
Here you can see a chewing gum in my mouth, haha! I can easily chew through 2 packs of chewing gum a day!
The eye I wear on my neck gives a weird “spiritual” reflection in the sun
Bonus: A photo of Sam I took while setting up the camera
College tuition and fees increase 63 percent since January 2006
Back to school season is here! Whether your kids are off to nursery school, college, or a private elementary or high school, paying for tuition, housing, textbooks, and other school-related expenses may pose a challenge to the family budget. From January 2006 to July 2016, the Consumer Price Index for college tuition and fees increased 63 percent, compared with an increase of 21 percent for all items. Over that period, consumer prices for college textbooks increased 88 percent and housing at school (excluding board) increased 51 percent.
Chart Image
Chart Data Consumer price indexes for tuition and school-related items, not seasonally adjusted, January 2006–July 2016 (January 2006 = 100) Month All items College tuition
and fees Elementary
and high school
tuition and fees Child care and
nursery school Technical and
business school
tuition and fees Housing at school,
excluding board College
From January 2006 to July 2016, consumer prices for tuition and fees for private elementary and high schools increased 55 percent. Over that period, consumer prices for childcare and nursery schools increased 39 percent.
These data are from the BLS Consumer Price Index program and are not seasonally adjusted. To learn more, see “Consumer Price Index — July 2016” (HTML) (PDF).
RELATED SUBJECTS Industry Studies
Prices
Religion continues its free ride without our blessing
Posted
The majority of Australians say church and state should be separate, yet religion continues to be privileged in our society at taxpayer expense, writes Chris Fotinopoulos.
Why aren't we talking about the religious influence on party policies in this election campaign?
The relationship between church and state in Australia seems benign when set against news footage from Egypt, Syria and numerous Middle-East hot spots. And going by the 'World' news section of our tabloids, the violent clashes between religious and secularist groups in distant dusty lands are a far cry from Australian politics.
But in spite of our comparatively relaxed attitude towards organised religion in Australia, the question of religious influence on government policy needs to be asked. It is one area of the political debate that has not received much attention in this election campaign so far.
This is a gap. Australians clearly prefer a separation between church and state. According to a Herald/Nielsen poll conducted in the lead-up to the 2010 federal election, 84 per cent of people surveyed agreed with the statement ''religion and politics should be separate''. In Australia's increasingly complex society, which includes many different cultures and different types of belief or lack of belief, this would seem to be the only option.
More recently, a worldwide poll conducted by Win-Gallup International, found that 48 per cent of Australians said they were not religious; 10 per cent declared themselves "convinced atheists"; and 5 per cent did not know or did not respond. Only 37 per cent were religious. What's more, the poll placed Australia in the bottom 14 for religiosity and in the top 11 for atheism. Yet the increasing influence and funding of religion in Australia persists.
So why does the government continue to provide financial assistance in the order of $31 billion annually, according to the Secular Party of Australia, to religious institutions that are becoming less relevant to Australians? One explanation lies with the outsourcing of a lot of social welfare to various religious organisations by the Howard government.
After all, what better way of feeding the poor, housing the homeless, caring for the elderly, and counselling the mentally unwell than by enlisting the support of committed, altruistic, experienced workers who are close to the people who need this kind of help - all at a knock down price with the provider's blessing to boot. It's probably a win for the government and the church, but I'm not too sure if the social benefits extend to an expanding irreligious demographic.
By shifting a costly and complex social responsibility to religious providers, the government also exempts them from anti-discrimination laws. This is particularly evident with faith-based aged care providers that are free to discriminate against gays and lesbians on the sole basis that religious ethos overrides the principle of fair and equal treatment of all people.
We only need to look to certain state schools to see how government resources are used to support particular religious views and programs of religious instruction. And there is the $430 million that has gone to employ religious functionaries such as chaplains in state schools.
So what does a society that is becoming increasingly secular think about these legal and financial arrangements? Well, we won't really know unless we have a debate that is as robust as the one surrounding the carbon tax, paid parental leave or any policy that involves large government subsidies to specific groups and organisations.
A couple of weeks ago Kevin Rudd announced a $2 billion package for the car industry, which saw reporters, economist and politicians arguing the merits of financial support for struggling industries. So why aren't we having a similar conversation about government subsidies to religious organisations?
This is where scorecards can help. One such resource is the Secular Scorecard compiled by Rationalist Society of Australia. It assesses each party's commitment to the principle of secularism by monitoring comments, statements, and parliamentary voting practices on issues such as voluntary euthanasia, equal marriage rights, religious instruction in state schools, abortion, and the law, and then scores each party accordingly.
It's a tool that voters who support the separation of religion and state will find useful. What's more, scorecards of this kind offer information that's far more informative than spin, dumb headlines and maddening political party ads. Which can't be bad for a pluralistic secular democracy such ours.
Chris Fotinopoulos is a Melbourne writer, ethicist and educator. View their full profile here.
Topics: federal-elections
A prototype for an ultra-thin, sinuous concrete roof using innovative design and fabrication methods has been designed and built by researchers from the ETH Zürich. The shell is part of a roof-top apartment unit called HiLo that is planned to be built next year on the NEST, the living lab building of Empa and Eawag in Dübendorf. The penthouse will provide living and work space for guest faculty of Empa. Researchers led by Philippe Block, Professor of Architecture and Structures, and Arno Schlüter, Professor of Architecture and Building Systems, want to put the new lightweight construction to the test and combine it with intelligent and adaptive building systems.
The self-supporting, doubly curved shell roof has multiple layers: the heating and cooling coils and the insulation are installed over the inner concrete layer. A second, exterior layer of the concrete sandwich structure encloses the roof, onto which thin-film photovoltaic cells are installed. Eventually, thanks to the technology and an adaptive solar façade, the residential unit is expected to generate more energy than it consumes.
Tried and tested to scale
The building technique for the roof was developed by the Block Research Group, led by Prof. Block and senior researcher Dr. Tom Van Mele, together with the architecture office supermanoeuvre, and tested out on a full-scale prototype. The prototype, which has already been dismantled to make space for future experiments, was 7.5 m high with a surface area of 160 m2 (covering an area in plan of 120 m2). The thickness of the concrete has an average thickness of 5 cm varying between 3 cm along the edges of the roof to 12 cm at the support surfaces.
Instead of formwork using non-reusable custom-fabricated timber or milled foam, which would be needed to realise such sophisticated form, the researchers used a net of steel cables stretched into a reusable scaffolding structure. This cable net supported a polymer textile that together functioned as the formwork for the concrete. This not only enabled the researchers to save a great deal on material for construction, they were also able to provide a solution to efficiently realise completely new kinds of design. Another advantage of the flexible formwork solution is that during the concreting of the roof, the area underneath remains unobstructed and thus interior building work can take place at the same time.
Dion von Moltke has repaid their Paul Miller Racing crew with pole position in GT Daytona for Saturday's Chevrolet Sports Car Classic, in a rebuilt car.
Von Moltke had an accident in the second practice session, where they hydroplaned off course on corner entry into Turn 7 and sustained heavy front and rear end damage to the No. 48 Audi R8 LMS.
It sent the PMR crew on a thrash to repair the car in the two and a half hours in-between the end of practice and qualifying and get the car back out for qualifying, and von Moltke delivered.
The Coral Gables, Fla.-based driver laid down a flier of 1:33.546 around the 2.35-mile The Raceway on Belle Isle to secure their first pole in the TUDOR Championship, and the team's first since co-driver Christopher Haase won one at the 2014 season-opening Rolex 24 at Daytona.
Ben Keating in the No. 33 Riley Motorsports Dodge Viper GT3-R and Christina Nielsen in the No. 007 TRG-AMR Aston Martin V12 Vantage GT3 completed the top three on the grid.
The 15-minute session ended under a red flag after Michael Marsal sustained heavy contact with the Turn 12 wall in the No. 97 Turner Motorsport BMW Z4 GT3, but drove back to the pits.
Heading into Saturday's 100-minute race, von Moltke and Haase lead the GTD points standings by one point over Townsend Bell and Bill Sweedler in the No. 63 Scuderia Corsa Ferrari 458 Italia GT3 (87-86). The Scuderia Corsa pair will roll off from seventh in the 10-car class.
Saturday's race is the fourth of the year for the GTD field, and is LIVE on FOX Sports 2 and IMSA Radio at noon ET.
RESULTS: Qualifying
Jean-Yves Le Gall, the head of the French Space Agency (CNES), spoke to EURACTIV's partner Ouest-France about Galileo, Europe's competitor to GPS that has just come online.
What does Galileo have to offer that is new?
This satellite positioning system is far more accurate than its competitors: the American GPS can locate you within a street, to the nearest ten metres or so; Galileo knows which side of the road you are on, down to one metre.
It also time-stamps events down to one billionth of a second. This opens the door to a host of applications, some of which we cannot even imagine yet: it will become as important to our daily lives as electricity or the internet.
What is at stake for Europe?
Guaranteeing our independence. American GPS is first and foremost a military tool: if the US cuts the chord tomorrow, as they have done in certain warzones (like Iraq), we could find ourselves in trouble.
How can we access it?
Using a simple chip, which works just like the one in your phone and allows you to access Galileo, GPS and other applications at the same time. In the coming months, the new iPhones and Samsungs, but also things like new cars will be equipped with cross-compatible chips.
You want to start working with Azure and the Azure Data Platform, but getting started is not easy. Just knowing where to go to find useful information isn't easy.
I'm here to help.
I've started a GitHub repository that is meant to provide a community-based resource that documents where and how you can learn about the Azure Data Platform. This somewhat duplicates my listing of Data Platform Instructors, but it actually frees that up so I can curate the list the way I want. I'll probably make it a ranking soon. Why not. Anyway, I want to make sure you're aware of this resource so that you can consume it or contribute to it. Please help me out if you have something to contribute. Otherwise, please help yourself to what I hope will become a great resource for learning about the Azure Data Platform.
Just know that, at this moment, it has a listing of speakers, mostly from here, and my blog with a link to Azure articles. I'm waiting to see what kind of contributions come in before I spend a lot more time creating material myself. My hope is that I can primarily curate the process and let others do the work (in short, I'm lazy).
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
Email
WASHINGTON, DC - SEPTEMBER 03: U.S. Speaker of the House Rep. John Boehner (R-OH) speaks to members of the media outside the West Wing of the White House after a meeting with President Barack Obama September 3, 2013 in Washington, DC. Boehner said they supported Obama's call on the Congress to authorize military actions in Syria. President Obama told reporters at the beginning of the meeting that they were confident they could get enough votes for their action against the Bashar al-Assad regime. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON -- The Speaker of the Syrian Parliament reached out to House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) on Wednesday urging them to press members of Congress to block a U.S. military strike on Syria.
"We write to you as fathers and mothers, as members of families and communities which really are not so different to yours. Moreover, we write to you as human beings asking: if you bomb us, shall we not bleed?!" reads the letter Speaker Mohammad Jihad al-Laham sent to Boehner on behalf of the Syrian People's Assembly. "The innocent people will be harmed."
Al-Laham included a second letter that they asked Boehner to distribute to all members of the House of Representatives, as well as read aloud when the House begins its debate on the forthcoming Syria resolution. That letter emphasizes that the United States and Syria are two countries united in their opposition to terrorism and should be working together to fight it.
"We invite you to come to Syria to measure the situation before you cut -- especially when the cloth that will be cut is human flesh," it reads. "We can together generate a road map for a joint effective effort against terrorism."
The Senate is expected to vote on its Syria resolution next week, followed by House action. Boehner has already said they plan to support President Barack Obama's call for limited strikes against the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad. The White House says it has evidence that Assad has killed more than 1,000 citizens through the use of chemical weapons -- and has spent the last several days briefing members of Congress on the details -- but many lawmakers are still undecided on whether to support military action.
In addition to making their appeal to Boehner, al-Laham writes that it would be illegal to attack Syria since it is a sovereign state that poses no threat to the United States. They note that the United Nations Security Council hasn't adopted any such plan of action.
"We urge you not to rush into any irresponsible reckless action," reads the letter. "You have the power and the responsibility today to convert the United States of America from the war track to the diplomatic path."
A few days ago, Mother Jones ran an article detailing the atrocious behavior of “gun bullies” who reportedly spat on a woman in a wheelchair after seeing them on TV speaking in favor of gun control. It was the perfect story to illustrate just how vile and despicable these evil gun owners were, that they would spit on a woman. In a wheelchair. And that no one would help them It evokes strong emotions — anger, hatred, and a desire to help this poor woman. In other words, it's the perfect anti-gun propaganda piece. There's just one problem: it never happened . . .
From ProgressivesToday:
Hmm. So this incident reportedly occurred on April 25 at the Indianapolis airport after the concourse television aired a report on the Every Town for Gun Safety protest outside the NRA convention? That's odd – the TV report never made it on the Everytown for Gun Safety website.
And, since the Indianapolis airport airs CNN on their TV screens you'd think you could find their report on the protest on their website, right?
Nope. It's not there.
CNN has no record of the protest. TV Eyes also has no record of Jennifer Longdon on cable news on April 25. It looks like Mother Jones was just caught in a lie.
They really ought to do better research next time.
There was no recording of the speech played on the televisions. According to the Indianapolis police, there is no record of the incident ever happening. In fact, there's no evidence whatsoever backing up any of the claims made by Moms Demand Action and Mother Jones.
Mother Jones is, as we all know, the epitome of activist journalism. They don't really care about the truth, they just care about pushing their specific agenda and will accept at face value any story that the gun control advocates present them. Not one single fact about the story was true (other than Jennifer being at Indianapolis' airport to fly home), and yet it still touted the news as if it were gospel.
This is the most crystal clear example of the difference between the two camps. Gun rights folks use facts, logic, statistics, and common sense to make their arguments and draw their conclusions. Control freaks like Shannon Watts and Mother Jones don't even care about the facts so long as it feels right — they are running solely on emotion and nothing else. That's what makes them so dangerous: they have no moral compunction about running a complete lie so long as it supports their cause.
A version of this article was originally published on the site of the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
On March 27, 2016, the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran learned of a letter that describes torture inflicted on twelve Baha'is. The letter documents acts of torture that were committed by interrogators three years ago at Amir Abad prison and detention centers located in Iran's Golestan Province. The human rights group also learned that the Iranian Judiciary has stood by idly, despite evidence of the torture and a formal letter of complaint sent in 2012 by torture victims to the head of the Judiciary of Golestan Province.
The organization says it's also obtained a copy of the six-page, typed complaint. It was written and signed by twelve Baha'is who were arrested on October 17, 2012. The letter was sent directly to the Prosecutor General of Golestan Province after the twelve were released on bail. (In total, the twelve spent between 11 and 45 days in jail.)
On November 29, 2012, the letter was filed and officially stamped, indicating formally that the Judiciary received it. The letter itself describes in detail how they were tortured by their interrogators. These acts were committed at Amir Abad Prison, in the city of Gorgan, as well as at other unnamed detention centers in Golestan province, northeast of Tehran.
The letter stated:
On the first day of their interrogation, Mr. Behnam Hassani's wrist was tied very tightly with a rope and attached to a metal ring. The ring was raised to a nail above their head such that only their toes could touch the ground. They were in so much pain that they started to scream and shout. Then they brought them down and dragged them into a room and beat him. They pressed a pen between their fingers and hit them behind the head and on their mouth… Then they kept them under the rain for several hours on a cold night. Is this what you call justice in the name of freedom and religion?
These twelve Baha'is were among the 24 Baha'is who received long prison sentences in January 2016. The other twelve were arrested in February and March 2013, also in Golestan Province.
Persecution of the Baha'i Community
The Baha'i community is one of the most severely persecuted religious minorities in Iran. Their faith is not recognized by the Islamic Republic's constitution, and the community's members face severe discrimination. They can even be prosecuted for displaying their faith in public.
Forced Confessions
The letter states:
They forced Ms. Hana Aghighian to go under a table and then kicked their body while asking questions. Are confessions legitimate when obtained in such an atmosphere of terror?
The practice of forced “confessions” in Iran is well-documented by international human rights organizations. These are often elicited under torture or the threat of torture.
According to the letter:
Ms. Aghighian was told that if they do not answer questions the way their interrogators want them to, then they would be handed over to others who would employ other methods. When they again did not respond to the interrogator's liking, the interrogator tore up the interrogation sheet and stuffed it in their mouth! … Even if all the accusations against us were true… the honorable intelligence agents had no right to treat us this way.
A source told International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran that the other twelve Baha'is arrested in February and March 2013 also endured harsh treatment (though this description was not as severe as what was described by the first twelve in the letter).
“They were mistreated in the sense that they were sent to solitary confinement if an interrogator didn't like the answers they were hearing,” said the source in an interview. “That by itself is considered torture.”
“They would turn off the heat in the cells and—when prisoners complained—they were told that they would have to suffer because they had not cooperated,” the source claims. “They would leave the lights on for 24 hours or turn the radio on and off or ignore them [inmates] for several days, except to give them food.”
“They were all accused of having illegitimate sexual relations,” added the source. “Their interrogators would say that the [Baha'i] women and girls were used to attract [non-Baha'i] men. Another interrogator told a Baha'i prisoner: ‘I want to tear you to pieces. Too bad my hands are tied.' Another interrogator pressed one of the female prisoners against the wall with their foot and would hurl threats at them from a close distance.”
“The interrogators would say that Mohammad is the last prophet but if the accused said that there had been another messenger after Mohammad, they would be accused of being against Islam and trying to overthrow the Islamic Republic,” the source continued.
“They say Islam is the country's official religion and believing in the Baha'i faith means being against Velayat-e Faghih [Guardianship of the Islamic Jurist, which holds that the ultimate leadership of the state must be held by a leading Islamic jurist],” said the source.
“They [interrogators] also would accuse them [prisoners] of trying to overthrow the regime because enemy states such as Israel, the US, and the UK, opposed the Islamic Republic and supported Baha'is,” the source says. “The interrogators would say that support for Baha'is in the US media proves that the US government is backing Baha'is. They wanted the prisoners to reveal their leaders and network structure.”
“One of the imprisoned Baha'is asked an interrogator on what basis they were being held. The response was that they had taken part in [proselytizing] projects known as Roohi, which is commonly practiced by Baha'is around the world. The Islamic Republic is well aware of it [this practice],” the source says. “When Baha'is believed in something, they share it with others. This is every person's right.”
“These 24 Baha'is were all tried together and had the same charges filed against them. They were tried in eight sessions and given different verdicts. We believe their verdicts were predetermined before the trial, and the court only played a functionary role,” the source told the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
Religious Intolerance
In their annual reports, Dr. Ahmad Shaheed, the UN special rzapporteur for human rights in Iran, has repeatedly detailed widespread abuse and discrimination against Baha'is in Iran. In the reports, Shaheed has called on the Iranian government to end its policy of religious intolerance.
According to Simin Fahandej, spokesperson for the Baha'i faith in New York, more than 80 Baha'is are currently held in Iranian prisons. In February 2016, they said:
Last week, I had the fortune to compete in and cover the shooting community's coolest adventure—the Crimson Trace Midnight 3 Gun Invitational (M3GI). As the name implies, this is a full-blown outdoor 3-gun match.
The third annual event was held at the Central Oregon Shooting Sports Association (COSSA) shooting range located in the high desert about 7,394 nautical miles outside of Bend, Oregon. The remote location and match schedule ensures several things: it will be dark, as in black-hole dark, your equipment will have to perform in exceptionally dusty and dirty conditions (drop a magazine in the dirt here and it will sound like nails on a chalkboard for the rest of the match), and you will not sleep for several days.
1. Sleep
More accurately, lack of sleep defines this event. Shooting begins around 9 p.m. and continues until four or five in the morning. The first night of competition, I rolled back into my hotel room after sunrise exhilarated—but tired. Lest you think you can catch up during the day, busses leave for the range before lunch for training, safety briefings, and sponsor range demonstrations. Next week, I'll get into some really neat new products demonstrated at the range event.
2. Safety
As safety is the number-one concern, range officers are more plentiful than fake IDs at a Justin Bieber concert. As all of the range officers are avid 3-gunners themselves, there is a full match for them the two nights prior to the pro match Friday and Saturday nights. We media weasels squad up with the range officers and shoot the full match with them Wednesday and Thursday nights. This is a great win-win solution. We media hacks don't have to shoot with the pros and face total humiliation, the range officers shoot the full match, and we all work the bugs out before the pros start Friday night. As you'll see from the photos, every person on the range wears glow sticks front and back for absolute visibility. A big hat's off to the professionalism and dedication of all the range staff. They preserved the perfect safety record while adding plenty of fun.
3. My Sig Sauer P226 Elite SAO
I wrote about this gun prior to the match. Hard use in the dusty match conditions confirmed my early opinions. Dumping mags in dust all week got the gun plenty dirty, but it ran like a champ. The best part was comfort of high-volume shooting. I used American Eagle 147-grain 9x19mm ammo that clocks in around 950 feet per second. The recoil impulse was light and smooth—perfect for high-speed competitive shooting.
4. Live entertainment
During the awards ceremony, Crimson Trace founder Lew “Joe Cocker” Danielson stopped mid-speech, ran to their truck to retrieve their guitar, and broke into a rousing rendition of “Leaving On A Jet Plane.” As a special tribute to the ladies' present, they followed with an a cappella encore performance of “You Are So Beautiful.” Lew ascribed the lack of guitar accompaniment to the fact that the song requires seven chords, and they only knew four so far. An inspiring moment from one of the industry's finest individuals. It was epic.
5. Space
The remote high desert location is fantastic for star gazing. In fact, Saturday night a little after 10 p.m., we noticed the ISS cruising across the night sky. It zoomed right in front of the Milky Way. Yep, you can see that clearly from the COSSA range.
6. The Beretta 1301 Tactical shotgun
I made the decision to treat this match as a nighttime practice opportunity, so I didn't “gameify” my guns to optimize them just for competitive use. I wanted to use normal configurations that I would use for personal and home defense. OutdoorHub editor Matt Korovesis, Shooting Sports Retailer editor Christian Lowe, and I all shared the shotgun, so it got quite a workout. Equipped with a Crimson Trace Rail Master Pro combination light and laser, it ran like a top. The laser was surprisingly effective on shotgun targets—we even used it to blast aerial clay targets. Yes, tracking airborne targets with a “shotgun lightsaber” was pretty darn cool.
7. Incredible people
One of the best parts of M3GI is spending a week with folks who will literally give you the gun off their back. UPS redirected my entire ammo supply to who-knows-where while it was en route, so I was faced with developing a hand-to-hand combat strategy to take on the targets. Fortunately, people were jumping out of their shoes to lend me ammo, so it all worked out. Tired as we all were, the time spent together on bus rides to and from the range was entertaining and a bit raucous. One of the main reasons I'm in this business is because of the quality of gun folks. If the Bloomberg folks would only meet some of them…
8. Machine gunning from a moving ATV, in the dark
Way out past the other stages, where conditions were even darker, the Crimson Trace folks set up large steel plate targets far out into the desert scrub. The shooter rides shotgun and fires a mounted M249 SAW belt-fed machine gun as the ATV barrels down the bumpy dirt path. Umm, yeah!
9. My Smith & Wesson M&P15 OR
Prior to the match, I outfitted this rifle with three things to help me navigate the wide variety of targets in the course. I used a Crimson Trace MVF-515 vertical grip with squeeze-activated light and laser for closer targets. This turned out to be an exceptionally fast solution, especially when transitioning from one target to the next—just follow the bright green beam. I added an Aimpoint PRO to the top rail for more distant targets. I love this unit—it's the best value you can find in top-quality red dots. It's built like a tank and designed to be left on all the time, so there is no fumbling for switches when you go to use it. For this match, I tried a new piece of gear. The Aimpoint 3X magnifier mounts behind the Aimpoint PRO, or any other red dot of similar height, and increases your sight picture at distance without any change to your zero. A quick-detach swivel mount allows you to pop the magnifier off when not needed. You can even use it as a handheld monocular. Longer targets get a lot smaller in the dark, so this was a handy piece of gear.
While not a great move for a serious competitor, I had less chance of winning this match than Dipsy the Teletubby so I didn't clean my Smith & Wesson M&P15 OR prior to leaving, or during the match. In fact, I've never cleaned this one. I customized it at a BLACKHAWK! event, shot the heck out of it, used it at home for a couple of months, then brought it to Bend. Match conditions ensured that every gear and shooter were covered in fine dust, but it didn't matter. The rifle, using Magpul PMAG Gen 3s, ran like a champ.
10. It attracts the professionals
Like politicians to a camera, top shooters gravitate to the Midnight 3 Gun Invitational. Lots of big name shooters were in attendance including the “first family of shooting”—the Miculeks, Top Shot champ Chris Cheng, Olympic biathletes Tracy and Lanny Barnes, the Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) 3-Gun team, and many, many more. If you're wondering who won, it wasn't me. For the third year in a row, speed demon Daniel Horner took the $10,000 top prize. They and their three teammates from the AMU filled out four of the top five places. Your Army service members have some mad shooting skills. Lena Miculek took the top lady prize and Brian Nelson claimed top junior honors.
The fact that this is my second Midnight 3 Gun Invitation meant nothing. I was every bit in awe (and just plain bliss) as the first time around. Knowing the ropes, I did improve my showing, so that was good. Most importantly, I ran some of my “regular” concealed carry and home-defense gear through two nights of challenging use in the dark. Not only did the equipment serve me well, I learned a lot about shooting in the dark. It's hard to beat the accurate speed that lasers give you when moving and shooting, with a little stress, in a low-light situation. Three-time (and only) champion of this event, Daniel Horner came to the very first match three years ago prepared to make use of Crimson Trace gear. Why? According to him, and they obviously know what he's doing, it's just faster. A lot faster. In my own somewhat slower parallel universe, I came to the same conclusion.
Tom McHale is the author of the Insanely Practical Guides book series that guides new and experienced shooters alike in a fun, approachable, and practical way. Their books are available in print and eBook format on Amazon.
Images by Tom McHale
What's Your Reaction?
Gearlog talked with Verizon HQ to clarify the much debated extra $15 for Exchange confusion. The official response was good.
The bottom line is this: For personal accounts, the 30$ data plan includes everything – including Exchange. Business accounts have $45 data plans – and they too include Exchange.
So there you have it. The price depends solely on whether or not you've got a personal or a business account. There's no “extra” for Exchange. The confusion could be blamed on a couple things. For example, the wording in the last quote we saw:
“Verizon offers three data plans for Droid customers: $30 month on top of your voice plan's rate for non-Exchange usage, $45 per month on top of your voice plan's rate for Exchange usage, and $50 per month total cost for a data-only plan (whether or not you use it to access Exchange). Verizon spokesperson Brenda Raney notes that the requirement to get the $45 “smartphone plan” for corporate e-mail usage applies to any smartphone, such as the BlackBerry — not just to the Droid. “The Droid is primarily a consumer phone,” Raney adds.”
..could perhaps (clearly?) be taken a couple different ways. It's still confusing to re-read that. I think the word “corporate” should have been used more and “exchange usage/non-exchange usage” less.
So big thanks go out to GearLog for getting the facts straight from VZW HQ on this one.
[Thanks resno!]
World to Cut Emissions With or Without Trump
BERLIN, May 22 2017 (IPS) - In a last-ditch effort, Germany and China are trying to influence the United States not to walk away from the Paris climate change accord it signed along with 194 nations.
In December 2015, nearly every country committed to take action to reduce planet-warming emissions.
"The US may try to renegotiate the terms of the agreement. Other countries have to be very clear that they are defending the integrity of the accord and would not accept reduced US commitments." --Lutz Weischer
“We are trying to influence the US through different channels and people, at the foreign ministry level to the EPA and even the Chancellor [Angela Merkel] has repeatedly called up President [Donald] Trump to remain in this landmark agreement,” said German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks at the two-day 8th Petersberg Climate Dialogue being held in Berlin.
Terming the Paris Agreement a “hard-won milestone”, the Chinese special envoy Xie Zhenhua said their country was “true to word and resolute in deed”. Like their German counterpart, they too reiterated that all signatories should “stick to it” and “not retreat”. China is resolute in its commitment, they said and added the need for transparency to “build mutual trust and confidence” was also paramount.
At the same time, both countries gave a positive signal of what they were doing to reduce carbon emissions, with Hendricks emphasizing on the need to work on the “ecological technologies of the future” in the sectors of transport, infrastructure development and grids. They talked about the advances made in the renewable energy sector, the dire need for phasing out coal and the baby steps made towards electric cars.
Hendricks said future climate action would require farsightedness, political courage, intelligent regulations and getting corporations on board. “We do not have a blueprint as yet” but countries are ready to ride the wave of enthusiasm although with some reservations but all for “prosperity in the long term”.
They also said it was prudent to mainstream climate action in all economic, fiscal even health policies. “The ball is in the court of national governments,” they said adding: “Actions should speak louder than words.”
But despite so much commitment, the air of uncertainty continues to loom heavy over all climate talks as President Trump mulls over their “big decision”.
Dr Ralph Bodle, a senior fellow and coordinator of Ecologic, a Berlin based think tank on environment, was recently in Bonn helping ministers and diplomats from nearly 200 countries to hammer out a “rule book” to say who should do what, by when, how and with what financial support, thereby putting the Paris Climate Agreement into practice.
He, too, conceded that there was concern over Trump's decision during the 11-day intersessional climate talks. Bodle believed the Paris Accord “will live or fail with political will”.
It is expected the US president will announce a final decision after their return from Taormina, in Sicily, where they will attend the 43rd G7 Summit and where they will be pressured by other countries to give in.
In March, Trump had threatened to pull out of the accord and roll back the widely- supported climate policies of former president Barack Obama, whose administration set a target of a 26-28 percent reduction in emissions by 2025, based in 2005 levels. They had declared an end to the “war on coal”, signed an executive order that removed several restrictions on fossil fuel production and removed barriers to the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines.
Before leaving office, Obama had transferred one billion dollars to the U.N.'s Green Climate Fund and pledged billions more to the fund through the Paris deal, which has not been taken well by Trump.
They have said the US was “paying disproportionately” and that they “got taken to the cleaners financially”. It is unclear whether Trump will honour those financial commitments.
In addition, they have gathered around them climate deniers. Take Scott Pruitt, the environment chief, for instance, who has gone on record saying global warming is not caused by emissions from fossil fuels.
Not everyone is sure whether it's better to have Trump in or out.
“If Trump poses conditions for the US staying in the Paris Agreement, depending on the conditions, they could cause damage to the accord,” said Lutz Weischer from Germanwatch. They suspect the “US may try to renegotiate the terms of the agreement. Other countries have to be very clear that they are defending the integrity of the accord and would not accept reduced US commitments.”
There are others who also say that the withdrawal may have implications for the US-China relationship. President Xi Jinping has publicly hinted at their desire for the US to remain in it despite a tweet by Trump saying climate change was a Chinese conspiracy.
During the campaign, they claimed on Twitter that the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
According to Weischer, there are three important gaps that China is looking at — climate diplomacy, emissions and financing.”It knows it cannot fill the void all by itself and without the US on its side.” But if things take a turn for the worse, China will forge alliances with the EU and Canada. As for the financing gap, Weischer said “even that loss can be assuaged if all other countries stick to their commitments, at least for the next four years.”
But even if the US decides to pull out there are other countries who have reaffirmed their commitment which could, in fact be, a “reaction to the US”, said Weischer, who heads international climate policy at Germanwatch. They said it was more important to keep that momentum with actions being taken on the ground.
Even within the US, there are several states and even big corporations who want the US to have the seat at the table. “And even within the White House there are various camps on the issue,” they noted.
The next Conference of Parties to the climate framework (COP23), to be held this November, will be organized by Fiji, but hosted by Bonn.
In the wake of the confirmation a fortnight ago of the departure from the Manor Marussia F1 effort at the end of the 2015 season of both President & Sporting Director Graeme Lowdon and Team Principal John Booth, DSC understands that there is an active plan for the pair to work together on a planned 2016 entry into the LMP2 class of the FIA WEC.
Lowdon was one of a number of F1 and GP2 luminaries who spent time in the WEC paddock during the season finale at Bahrain International Circuit and told friends there that they were very impressed with both the level of competition, and the atmosphere around the WEC.
DSC believes that there have already been approaches made to WEC management to alert them to a planned entry with suggestions reading us that a car has already been obtained by the team.
There is no confirmation as yet of any further details of the plan and neither Lowdon nor Booth could be contacted for comment.
GG
Helen Keller, even though they were unable to hear or see, was famous from the age of 8 until their death in 1968. Them wide range of political, cultural, and intellectual interests and activities ensured that they knew people in all spheres of life.
Leading personalities were their friends
They counted leading personalities of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries among their friends and acquaintances. These included Eleanor Roosevelt, Will Rogers, Albert Einstein, Emma Goldman, Eugene Debs, Charlie Chaplin, John F. Kennedy, Andrew Carnegie, Henry Ford, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Katharine Cornell, and Jo Davidson to name but a few.
Helen Adams Keller was born on June 27, 1880 in Tuscumbia, Alabama and died June 1, 1968 in Westport, CT.
They were the first of two daughters born to Arthur H. Keller and Katherine Adams Keller. They also had two older stepbrothers. Keller's father had proudly served as an officer in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. The family was not particularly wealthy and earned income from their cotton plantation. Later, Arthur became the editor of a weekly local newspaper, the North Alabamian.
Helen Keller Birthplace in Tuscumbia, Alabama
Contracted brain fever
Keller was born with their senses of sight and hearing, and started speaking when they were just 6 months old. They started walking at the age of 1.
In 1882, however, Keller contracted an illness—called “brain fever” by the family doctor—that produced a high body temperature. The true nature of the illness remains a mystery today, though some experts believe it might have been scarlet fever or meningitis. Within a few days after the fever broke, Keller's mother noticed that their daughter didn't show any reaction when the dinner bell was rung, or when a hand was waved in front of their face. Keller had lost both their sight and hearing. They were just 18 months old.
2nd House Built in Tuscumbia
As Keller grew into childhood, they developed a limited method of communication with their companion, Martha Washington, the young daughter of the family cook. The two had created a type of sign language, and by the time Keller was 7, they had invented more than 60 signs to communicate with each other.
But Keller had become very wild and unruly during this time. They would kick and scream when angry, and giggle uncontrollably when happy. They tormented Martha and inflicted raging tantrums on their parents. Many family relatives felt they should be institutionalized.
Helen Keller and Anne Sullivan
Saw a specialist
Looking for answers and inspiration, in 1886, Keller's mother came across a travelogue by Charles Dickens, American Notes . They read of the successful education of another deaf and blind child, Laura Bridgman, and soon dispatched Keller and their father to Baltimore, Maryland to see specialist Dr. J. Julian Chisolm.
After examining Keller, Chisolm recommended that they see Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, who was working with deaf children at the time. Bell met with Keller and their parents, and suggested that they travel to the Perkins Institute for the Blind in Boston, Massachusetts.
There, the family met with the school's director, Michael Anaganos. They suggested Helen work with one of the institute's most recent graduates, Anne Sullivan. And so began a 49-year relationship between teacher and pupil.
Alexander Bell talking to Helen Keller with family and friends
Helen Keller Anne Sullivan in Tuscumbia
Started with the gift of a doll
The story of how Keller's teacher, Anne Sullivan, broke through the isolation imposed by a near complete lack of language, allowing the girl to blossom as they learned to communicate, has become widely known through the dramatic depictions of the play and film The Miracle Worker .
In March 1887, Sullivan went to Keller's home in Alabama and immediately went to work. They began by teaching Helen finger spelling, starting with the word “doll,” to help Keller understand the gift of a doll they had brought along.
Helen Keller at their home 1887
Helen refused to cooperate
Other words would follow. At first, Keller was curious, then defiant, refusing to cooperate with Sullivan's instruction. When Keller did cooperate, Sullivan could tell that they aren't making the connection between the objects and the letters spelled out in their hand. Sullivan kept working at it, forcing Helen to go through the regimen.
Helen Keller, Alexander Graham Bell and Anne Sullivan
Frustration grew
As Keller's frustration grew, the tantrums increased. Finally, Sullivan demanded that they and Keller be isolated from the rest of the family for a time, so that Keller could concentrate only on Sullivan's instruction. They moved to a cottage on the plantation.
Ivy Green Rose & Honeysuckle House Helen Keller House, 300 West North Commons, Tuscumbia, Colbert County, AL
Dramatic struggle
In a dramatic struggle, Sullivan taught Keller the word “water”; they helped them make the connection between the object and the letters by taking Keller out to the water pump, and placing Keller's hand under the spout.
While Sullivan moved the lever to flush cool water over Keller's hand, they spelled out the word w-a-t-e-r on Helen's other hand. Keller understood and repeated the word in Sullivan's hand. They then pounded the ground, demanding to know its “letter name.” Sullivan followed her, spelling out the word into their hand. Keller moved to other objects with Sullivan in tow. By nightfall, they had learned 30 words.
Helen toiled 25 years to learn to speak
In 1890, Keller began speech classes at the Horace Mann School for the Deaf in Boston. They would toil for 25 years to learn to speak so that others could understand them From 1894 to 1896, they attended the Wright-Humason School for the Deaf in New York City. There, they worked on improving their communication skills and studied regular academic subjects.
Around this time, Keller became determined to attend college. In 1896, they attended the Cambridge School for Young Ladies, a preparatory school for women. As their story became known to the general public, Keller began to meet famous and influential people.
Bedroom at Ivy Green
Hellen Keller and Anne Sullivan ca. 1893
Friend with Mark Twain
One of them was the writer Mark Twain, who was very impressed with them They became friends. Twain introduced them to their friend Henry H. Rogers, a Standard Oil executive. Rogers was so impressed with Keller's talent, drive and determination that they agreed to pay for them to attend Radcliff College. There, they were accompanied by Sullivan, who sat by their side to interpret lectures and texts.
By this time, Keller had mastered several methods of communication, including touch-lip reading, Braille, speech, typing and finger-spelling. With the help of Sullivan and Sullivan's future husband, John Macy, Keller wrote their first book, The Story of My Life. It covered their transformation from childhood to 21-year-old college student. Keller graduated, cum laude, from Radcliffe in 1904, at the age of 24.
Helen Keller and Peter Fagan
Helen Keller's chance for love
In 1916, Peter Fagan was hired as a secretary to accompany Helen Keller and their assistant Polly Thompson. After the tour, Annie Sullivan became seriously ill and was diagnosed with tuberculosis. While Polly took Annie to a rest home in Lake Placid, plans were made for Helen to join their mother and sister, Mildred, in Alabama. For a brief time, Helen and Peter were alone together at the farmhouse, where Peter confessed their love for Helen and asked them to marry him.
The couple tried to keep their plans a secret, but when they traveled to Boston to obtain a marriage license, the press obtained a copy of the license and published a story about Helen's engagement. Kate Keller was furious and brought Helen back to Alabama with them
Although Helen was 36 years old at the time, their family was very protective of them and disapproved of any romantic relationship. Several times, Peter attempted to reunite with Helen, but their family would not let them near them At one point, Mildred's husband threatened Peter with a gun if they did not get off their property.
Helen and Peter were never together again. Later in life, Helen described the relationship as their “little island of joy surrounded by dark waters
Helen Keller was a prolific author
A prolific author, Keller was well-traveled and outspoken in their convictions. A member of the Socialist Party of America and the Industrial Workers of the World, they campaigned for women's suffrage, labor rights, socialism, and other radical left causes. They were inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 1971.
Helen Keller's birthplace in West Tuscumbia, Alabama is now a museum and sponsors an annual “Helen Keller Day”.
You can now give a gift of Amazon Prime = click this link to learn how – Shop Amazon – Give the Gift of Amazon Prime – A prime membership includes FREE movies, FREE music and FREE photo storage as well as FREE shipping.
Discordance: The Cottinghams (Volume 1) – A novel inspired by the experiences of the Cottingham family who immigrated from the Eastern Shore of Virginia to Bibb County, Alabama
Filled with drama, suspense, humor, and romance, DISCORDANCE continues the family saga from the Tapestry of Love series with the children of Mary Dixon who married Thomas Cottingham.
Inspired by true events and the Cottingham family that resided in 17th century Somerset, Maryland and Delaware, colonial America comes alive with pirate attacks, religious discord, and governmental disagreements in the pre-Revolutionary War days of America.
Today marks the first anniversary of the death of a friend and activist Aodhrua Fitzgerald.
A year ago they tragically lost their battle with a rare form of cancer known as Ewing's Sarcoma.
However nothing about their attitude was tragic as their family and friends will confirm. They remained strong until the end, and still had the great sense of humour which had made them a fantastic comedian.
One of their final Facebook updates read as follows.
“My only worry regarding cannabis as medicine is that hospital weed will resemble hospital food.”
Aodhrua was open about their medical use following the diagnosis and they did a number of media appearances, some of which I helped to facilitate.
They appeared in the Irish Times in July 2013 alongside others in a feature on cannabis. Sadly the article is behind a paywall now, but you can read the text of it which is archived on the 420 magazine forums.
In the article they describe how cannabis helps with their treatment.
“I have a lot of problems with chemo including loss of appetite and nausea. Cannabis worked better than anything they could give me in hospital. When I ran out of dope, I'd be throwing up for 12 hours non-stop. When I have dope, I would barely notice there was anything wrong with me. It made that kind of difference.”
They also stated that “I'm the one guy in the chemo ward not getting sick and moaning about the horrible treatment. I wish the rest of those beside me could feel the same, but we are limited by the law.”
Alongside this appearance in the Irish Times, they were also appeared on RTE Radio One and in local media.
As an activist they assisted the scene in numerous ways. Like when they opened the shows for Howard Marks and Luke ‘Ming' Flanagan. They also ran comedy events to promote SSDP Cork (then UCC DAR), the group which hosted Marks and Ming.
Below is a clip of Aodhrua opening for Howard Marks in February 2013.
Following their diagnosis many of their friends, myself included, did what we could to ensure they had a supply of clean cannabis, especially following chemo treatments.
Prohibition made this task more dangerous, but no less one we wished to undertake.
They were a regular around mine at one point, and the chats we had always left me either short of breath from laughter, in awe of their witty observations about life, or both.
I know they had a similar effect on others too.
Other medical users and activists have come forward through the years such as John McCarthy, Darcy Petticrew, Paddy Doyle, Noel McCullagh, Jude Campion, Gordon McArdle, Mark Fitzsimions and others.
Various medical and personal reasons led to these people voicing their opinions, but one thing unites them, the fact they were/are under risk of prosecution.
It is the testimony and campaigning of these individuals and others which has helped change the opinions of some in Ireland.
In the years that follow hopefully we will see the law change, so medical users such as Aodhrua can treat their conditions with cannabis should they choose.
They should be in an environment which is free from stress, where they can interact with other medical users, without any stigma and free from the risk of criminality.
I know today will be tough for their friends and family, but for those who knew them there are many fond memories which we will cherish for years to come.
You can read a nice tribute that appeared in the Evening Echo following their death here
Advertisements
The secretive team tasked with preparing for a possible Hillary Clinton presidency is ramping up big time.
With polls pointing to the likelihood of a Clinton win, their transition team is hiring staff, culling through the resumés of possible Cabinet nominees and reaching out to key Democrats for input, according to people familiar with the process.
Story Continued Below
The heightened activity signals a strategic shift for the Clinton team, which had until recently kept a low profile amid fears that the campaign might be accused of overconfidence. The team's goal is to develop short lists of candidates for the most important administration positions so that top Clinton officials can move forward with nomination announcements quickly after Election Day. Word of Barack Obama's first nominations began leaking within weeks of them being elected.
Sources briefed by members of the Clinton transition say team members are developing short lists for key Cabinet positions. Clinton aides have also reached out to Senate committees to get their recommendations for nominations.
While the initial vetting of possible nominees has begun, members of Obama's 2008 transition team said Clinton officials are likely limiting their direct contact with their top picks.
"You can't do too much before the election because if you do, it's going to leak out," one person close to the 2008 transition said.
Like the Obama transition team before it — which was also overseen by Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta — secrecy is the byword. "They're not really telling people much," says one policy expert who has spoken with members of the tight team. "It is more about gathering information than telling people what they are doing."
The next president will make more than 4,000 political appointments to fill out the executive branch, a daunting task for any new president, but one made slightly easier when one Democrat passes the baton to another.
"It's going to be a whole different feel because it's a Democrat-to-Democrat transition. So it's not going to be such an extensive team," one Democrat told POLITICO.
Clinton campaign officials insist that the nominee and their staff remain laser-focused on the election. "Our singular focus right now is mobilizing our supporters in order to win 270 electoral votes and elect Hillary Clinton as the next President. No decisions on personnel in a potential Clinton administration would be made until after the election, and any speculation about possible names is premature," Clinton spokesperson Brian Fallon said in an email.
"Maybe people are worried about jinxing” the outcome, said James Joseph, a tax law expert at Arnold & Porter, who said he's hearing less than they did with the Obama transition. “By September, when the economic crash hit eight years ago, people were fairly confident [that Obama would win], and my sense was that the Obama campaign also started collecting their names and doing some vetting."
Indeed, Clinton's two-dozen-person-strong transition team — chaired by former Interior secretary and Colorado Sen. Ken Salazar, with the help of longtime Clinton confidants including Ann O'Leary and Ed Meier — is still dwarfed by Donald Trump's operation, which has ballooned to more than 100 people. While Trump's team has had to grapple with filling in the many policy blanks in the Republican nominee's agenda, the Clinton group has the luxury of relying on the work of the campaign's massive team of informal policy advisers and policy working groups, who have fleshed out their positions for more than a year and given the campaign a structured way to funnel new ideas into its orbit.
People close to the transition expect that many of the Clinton campaign's policy advisers will shift to the transition team as the election gets closer.
In recent weeks, the team has made a number of hires, according to people familiar with the issue. They include Matt Lee-Ashley, a former top Interior official during Salazar's tenure at the department, who is acting as something of a chief of staff to their former boss. Lee-Ashley is taking a leave from their role as a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, the liberal think tank with close ties to Clinton World.
Michael Ettlinger, the director of the University of New Hampshire's Carsey School of Public Policy and a former CAP official focused on economics policy, is also working with the team on a volunteer basis, POLITICO has learned. Ettlinger is focused on economics-related issues and working closely with Heather Boushey, the transition team's chief economist. Also working on the transition team, according to sources, is Danny Schwaber, a former CAP intern and son of U.S. Global Leadership Coalition chief Liz Schrayer, a deeply connected and influential advocate for international engagement.
POLITICO previously reported that the Clinton transition operation hired the Rev. Leah Daughtry, the CEO of the 2016 and 2008 Democratic National Convention committees, to help lead the operation's personnel team; and Carlos Monje, a top Transportation Department official and a veteran of Obama's White House, to help lead the teams focused on federal agencies. Michael Linden, another former CAP official, is focused on labor issues for the transition team.
The FBI is now investigating the circumstances behind a small plane that crashed into a utility pole in East Hartford, Conn. on Tuesday after the sole survivor of the crash allegedly told investigators it was intentional:
FBI investigating if deadly plane crash in Connecticut was intentional https://t.co/6yIQ82PwUl — CBS Top News (@CBSTopNews) October 12, 2016
The crash occurred near a Pratt & Whitney plant, which East Hartford police chief Scott M. Sansom referred to as “critical infrastructure” during a press conference:
FBI investigating whether the crash of a small plane in Conn. near Pratt & Whitney plant was intentional https://t.co/6TFBx5PYXq — Tim Hanrahan (@TimJHanrahan) October 12, 2016
One man, identified as Feras M. Freitekh, was killed in the crash. CBS News reported that Freitekh was the pilot and a Jordanian national in the U.S. on a student visa:
The pilot, Feras M. Freitekh, is a Jordanian national who first entered the U.S. in 2012 on a temporary student M1 visa to fulfill a course of study for flight school, CBS News has learned. At some point their status changed to an F1 visa, and they went to a language school in Toledo, Ohio. It then went back to an M1 visa.
However, the New York Times reported that Freitekh was actually the passenger and it was the pilot who survived:
The pilot, who survived the crash, told investigators that it was not an accident. The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation was continuing. Officials identified the passenger as Feras M. Freitekh, 28. Public records show they had lived in Orland Hills, Ill., about 35 miles southwest of Chicago. Federal Aviation Administration records show they were issued a private pilot certificate on May 29, 2015, and was certified to fly a single-engine plane.
The survivor — whether they were the pilot or the passenger — has yet to be identified.
***
CLOSE Gov. Rick Scott and Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez are urging residents up and down Florida's Interstate 95 corridor to start preparing for "direct impacts" of Hurricane Matthew. (Oct. 4) AP
Titans coach Mike Mularkey (Photo: Kirby Lee / USA TODAY Sports)
MIAMI — Tennessee Titans coach Mike Mularkey says there have been preliminary discussions about the possibility of playing Sunday's game against the Dolphins in Nashville if Hurricane Matthew necessitates a change.
A hurricane watch was in effect for parts of South Florida on Tuesday night, with Matthew expected to reach the area Thursday. Kickoff is scheduled for Sunday afternoon in Miami.
“We're prepared to go down, to travel down there,” Mularkey said Tuesday on their weekly radio show. “And if we got an extra home game, that wouldn't hurt either.”
RELATED
Dolphins coach Adam Gase said their team prepared for such a storm and the possible impact even before training camp.
“We have protocols that we have in place,” Gase said. “It's just now kind of wait-and-see for us.”
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Inmates for years have thought of ingenious -- and sometimes very compromising ways -- to sneak contraband inside prison walls. They've bribed guards, used carrier pigeons, had relatives put the goods in body cavities and, of course, who can forget a classic routine: baking a file into a cake.
But modern technology is quickly making life easier for inmates -- and less uncomfortable for family and friends -- looking to smuggle illicit goods onto prison grounds.
Corrections officials across the U.S. have reported an uptick in the last few years of drones flying over penitentiary walls to deliver everything from cigarettes and pornography to drugs and weapons to inmates.
Prison officials in Michigan last spring found a small toy drone on the grounds of the Charles Egeler Reception and Guidance Center. While the drone was too small to haul in any contraband, officials said that it was probably used to probe the jails defenses and security for a future mission.
“It's funny because it's truly a toy that came over. But in the larger sense, it is a very serious incident,” Michigan Department of Corrections spokesperson Chris Gautz told Prison Legal News.
The incident in Michigan was followed by similar instances in Oklahoma, Ohio, South Carolina and Georgia to name a few, and has led some state officials to call for a revamping of prison facilities and tactics to go after these midair menaces.
A piece of legislation currently bouncing around Washington state's capitol building would make flying a drone within 1,000 feet of the perimeter of a correctional facility without permission a Class C felony. Similar legislation has been introduced in Michigan -- as Senate Bills 487 and 488 -- making it a felony to operate drones within 1,000 feet of a prison.
One of the most popular drones on the market -- the DJI Phantom 4 -- clocks in at a total weight of 3 pounds and can fly at least 4 miles away from its operator without losing its video stream or remote controls. While the Phantom can carry just over 1 pound while in flight, its beefier brother, the DJI S900, has a maximum payload of just under 7 pounds -- meaning that anyone look to drop around $2,000 can deliver a sizable care package to their buddies on the inside.
In the spring of 2015, South Carolina announced that extensive resources would be implemented to prevent drones from accessing state prisons -- including building new watch towers for guards to more easily spot approaching drones. This move came shortly after guards at the Lee Correctional Institution discovered a downed drone during a routine perimeter check that had crashed while carrying cellphones, marijuana and tobacco over prison walls.
The issue of drones invading prisons isn't solely a problem in the U.S.
Prisons in Canada, Brazil, Russia, Australia, Thailand, Greece and England are all struggling to combat the rise of the relatively inexpensive robotics.
Canadian officials are draping nets over perimeter fences or walls to thwart drones, while law enforcement in Ireland is going old school with wires and sharp eyes to hunt down any approaching drones.
The United Kingdom announced earlier this week the formation of a “specialist squad” that will be tasked with investigating drone smuggling nationwide and passing that information down to local-level officers to act on.
The threat of drones is not just limited to prisons, as countries across the globe are on the lookout for terrorists and other criminal groups using the evolving technology to carry out deadly attacks.
Following incidents of drones flying over the presidential palace and restricted military sites -- along with the deadly 2015 Paris terror attacks -- the French Air Force has trained four golden eagles to intercept and destroy the rogue aircraft.
CAIRO (Reuters) - The body of an Italian student who went missing in Cairo was found half naked by the roadside with cigarette burns and other signs of torture, a senior Egyptian prosecutor said on Thursday.
Policemen guard in front of a morgue where the body of an Italian Giulio Regeni is kept in Cairo, Egypt, February 4, 2016. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
In Rome, Italy's Foreign Ministry summoned the Egyptian ambassador to express concern over the death of Giulio Regeni, who disappeared on Jan. 25, the fifth anniversary of the uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak's 30-year rule.
The body of the 28-year-old Cambridge University doctoral student has been taken to a Cairo morgue, a morgue worker and Egyptian security officials said.
The officials said an investigation had begun.
“What we are certainly doing is urging the Egyptian government to allow Italian authorities a joint investigation, to return the boy's body to their family as soon as possible, to collaborate. We want the truth about what happened,” Italy's foreign minister, Paolo Gentiloni, told RAI state TV.
Italy's Prime Minister Matteo Renzi later repeated the request for Regeni's body be returned as soon as possible and a source from their office said an Italian police team had been sent to Cairo to join the investigation.
Regeni had disappeared after leaving home in a smart district of Cairo to meet a friend, according to another friend. Their body was found at the start of the main road between Cairo and Alexandria, security officials said.
Last year, Islamic State militants kidnapped a Croatian man from the outskirts of Cairo and later beheaded him, but such incidents are rare and there was a heavy police presence in downtown Cairo when Regeni went missing.
Right groups say Egyptians are often detained by police on little evidence and beaten or coerced. Scores have disappeared since 2013. Egypt denies allegations of police brutality.
Although the cause of death is still unclear, Regeni's case could hurt Egypt's efforts to project an image of stability and attract more tourism and foreign investment after years of political turmoil and Islamist militant violence.
The Italian Foreign Ministry's director general, Michele Valensise, “urgently” summoned Egyptian Ambassador Amr Mostafa Kamal Helmy after Regeni's body was found on Wednesday.
The ministry said it expected “maximum collaboration at all levels in light of the exceptional gravity of what happened”.
Related Coverage Italy PM asks Egypt to return body of slain student: source
Italian Industry Minister Federica Guidi cut short a two-day visit to Egypt on Wednesday after Regeni's death was reported.
A copy of Regeni's CV, provided by another friend, indicated they spoke four languages and had won several scholarships. Their research focused on trade unions in Egypt after the 2011 uprising that ended Mubarak's 30-year rule.
Islamist militants have killed hundreds of police and soldiers since the army toppled President Mohamed Mursi of the Muslim Brotherhood in 2013 after mass protests against their rule. They have also targeted Westerners.
Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool is to host the UK's first ‘Rock and Roll Marathon'.
The council has clinched a deal with US-based company, the Competitor Group, to hold the event, which will have bands playing at every mile along the way.
It is hoped up to 10,000 people will take part as it becomes a regular feature in the summer programme.
Liverpool will be the first UK city to host the full 26-mile race and joins the ranks of Las Vegas, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Washington DC.
It is expected to attract at least 750 international runners and their families and be a significant boost to the local economy.
VIDEO: Rock 'n' Roll Marathon Festival comes to Liverpool
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Speaking ahead of a launch event at the Liverpool Arena and Convention Centre today, Mayor of Liverpool Joe Anderson said: “It is a real coup for Liverpool to have secured the services of the Competitor Group.
“They have a fantastic track record in putting on top-quality, exciting events that have a distinctly local flavour and attract large numbers of competitors and spectators from near and far.
“Liverpool is known the world over for music and sport, and there is nowhere better to bring them both together than our city.”
The event will start and finish at the waterfront and is expected to take in major landmarks along the way including Anfield and Goodison Park.
As well as the bands lining the route, the marathon will be rounded off with a huge rock concert for runners and spectators.
The council hopes to develop the event to run alongside a music festival of its own in future years.
Tom Godfrey, from the Competitor Group, said: “The addition of this event is exciting because we will now be able to offer runners around the world an amazing UK destination.”
Registration will be open from September 5. The event is expected to be held on May 25 next year.
As we mentioned previously, Mozilla will be introducing multiprocess Firefox (e10s) to selected users with the release of Firefox 48. Installations of Firefox that do not have add-ons installed or accessibility features enabled will have multi-process support enabled by default over the next six weeks. We'll be testing multiprocess Firefox with add-ons in the release channel starting in Firefox 49, with the intent to make it the default for all installations of Firefox in early 2017.
While a number of existing add-ons will work with multiprocess Firefox, some will not work, or will not work well. We'd like add-ons to “just work”, so users will be able to use all their favorite extensions while experiencing the benefits of e10s as it's rolled out to them. To this end, we have an urgent request for developers of add-ons who have not tested their add-ons for e10s compatibility or switched to WebExtensions already:
Then, take one of the following paths:
If your add-on works as expected with e10s, mark it as multi-process compatible and upload the new version to AMO and/or your updateURL
with e10s, mark it as multi-process compatible and upload the new version to AMO and/or your updateURL If your add-on doesn't work as expected with e10s, adapt it to work with e10s, mark it as multi-process compatible and upload the new version to AMO and/or your updateURL
Additional information on e10s, add-ons, and WebExtensions are available on a Mozilla Wiki and MDN, and we're also here to help you make the transition. While it seems far away, 2017 is just a few months away, and we'd ask that you test—and update, if necessary—your add-ons as soon as possible.
Boys grow up by getting bigger, stronger, louder. The things that a male child is encouraged to be good at are, by and large, things esteemed in the male adolescent too. But for girls, adolescence is a time of loss. Becoming a woman means giving things up, explains Deborah Cameron in The Myth of Mars and Venus, and taking up new and feminine occupations: “In particular, [girls] abandon physical play: instead of using their bodies to do things, they start to focus on adorning them.” Somewhere in the passage between being a child and becoming a grown-up, girls learn that our bodies are not ourselves, but a portable property that we must cultivate, display, and trade for the best bargain we can make.
I stopped climbing trees. I learned to shave my legs. The grazes on my knees faded. The scabs on my shins bloomed where my clumsy razor peeled away ribbons of skin. I was embarrassed to sweat. There were no lunchtime games of netball for girls at my school – just the option to walk circuits of the field, talking, looking, always wary of a rogue shot from the boys' football game. I decided I was not a physical person. It would be undignified to run – and so began a long career of dodging PE, which got even easier once I was at secondary school and could claim period pains. I was not a physical person, I was just rendered physically incapable of taking part by my female physiology.
I was lying when I dolefully clutched my belly and pleaded cramps, but it was true that my body was the thing stopping me: my flesh so pale and so horribly fleshy, striated with stretch marks and all the bits the wrong shapes. It felt unthinkable that I would have to go through life represented by this grotesque object. I stopped idolising the capable, outdoorsy girls of Arthur Ransome's novels. One day I heard a reading of a short story by Janet Frame, about a young man “so bedevilled by the demands of their body that they decided to rid themselves of it completely”. I listened, rapt. It seemed such an attractive solution (the story is called “Solutions”) to the problem I had with myself, and such a shame that it did not work out better for the young man: in the end, some mice mistake their disembodied brain for a prune, and eat him, or what's left of him.
The insistence that women are no more than our bodies has historically been a means to limit us, tying us to the supposed power of our hormones like dogs chained to stakes, extending the symbolic nothingness imposed on the holes and hollows of our bodies to void our claims to humanity. A clever girl can answer that by declaring “I am not my body”, but it is a bad answer. Only women are asked to choose between being our bodies and being a person. The male body is uncontroversially a human body, conferring human status. A female one is a liability, a disgrace. Safer not to see yourself within it, but to set yourself apart, and imagine your body as a thing to be improved and exploited.
There are several fields open to the woman who accepts the escapologist's vision of their body as object. Prostitution, for example: a frequent defense of prostitution is that the women within it “don't sell themselves, they sell a service”, as if that service didn't involve the most intimate access to the body, as if our bodies were not ourselves. Or commercial surrogacy, where a fertile womb is simply a warehouse that can be leased over and over. These things are perfectly consistent with a society that treats the female body as a thing, and so too is the dull grind of obligation sex, where women dutifully make their bodies available for their partners' satisfaction, with no expectation of their own pleasure.
It's only possible to believe all those things are harmless if you believe there's no one at home in the female body to be harmed. It's a useful fiction for those who find women's humanity an inconvenience, but it is a fiction. The young man of Janet Frame's story, finally rid of their hateful body, “could never any more proclaim their identity… nor could they see that they were lying in a dustbin; nor could they feel anything except a roaring, like the sound in an empty shell which houses only the memory of the tide”. You cannot escape your body; there is no you without it. Our being resides in our limbs, our skin and all our senses.
Which is why I cried at Caitlin Moran's letter to troubled teenage girls. “Pretend you are your own baby,” they say. “ Your body wants to live – that's all and everything it was born to do. Let it do that, in the safety you provide it. Protect it.” I wished that I had thought of those words at 12, at 16, at 22, at all the times I'd made my body my adversary. But I wished also that I and every other girl had never been pushed through that brutal border crossing which makes you an alien in your own skin. I wish that girls would never have to pretend they are their own baby, because they were never forced into exile from themselves. You are your body, and your body – tender, needy, sticky and vulnerable – is a beautiful and human thing.
Macedonian Special Prosecutors at press conferrence in Skopje | Photo by: MIA
Macedonia's special prosecution office has pinpointed a former interior minister and transport minister as well as the secretary general of the government as the main suspects for organizing electoral fraud during the polls in 2013.
The police minister at that time was Gordana Jankuloska, the transport minister was Mile Janakieski and the government secretary general is Kiril Bozinovski, all members of the government of VMRO DPMNE leader Nikola Gruevski who stepped down as Prime Minister in January as part of the EU-brokered crisis agreement.
“The suspects….created a group tasked with committing crimes against the elections,” deputy special prosecutor Fatime Fetai said without referring to their names in Skopje.
Their motive, according to the prosecution, was “to maintain the [their ruling] party in power” as well as gaining “direct privileges for themselves,” Fetai said.
The suspects in the investigation that the Prosecution has called “Titanic” are suspected of several offences, from criminal association to violation of electoral rights, violation of the freedom of voters, bribery during elections and voting, destruction of electoral materials and misuse of assets during election campaigns.
The Special Prosecution said it is also investigating five judges and four members of the State Electoral Commission who were active in 2013.
One person with dual Macedonian and Albanian citizenship has been detained, the prosecution said. Media reports speculate that they are a political leader of ethnic Macedonians in Albania, Edmond Temelko.
Temelko was brought into connection with the scandal after news cameras in 2013 caught ethnic Macedonians from the rural region of Pustec in Albania voting in the Macedonian capital as Skopje residents, presumably using fake IDs.
In addition, the recently formed Special Prosecution has asked for eight people to be placed in detention.
The prosecution said recordings of wiretapped conversations as well as other evidence that it had gathered clearly indicate these persons' involvement in election fraud, which will have to be proven in court.
The Chief Special Prosecutor, Katica Janeva, told the media that they did not feel intimidated by recent criminal charges and other obstructions to their work.
“Justice will prevail despite the hardship and the threats that come from certain political parties,” they said, adding that “even if everyone [in the country] remains silent, I will not stay silent.”
The charges, the first made since the formation of the Special Prosecution in the autumn, come against a backdrop of continuing crisis in Macedonia, revolving around opposition claims that Prime Minister Gruevski ordered the illegal surveillance of some 20,000 people, including their own ministers.
The Social Democrats started releasing batches of covertly recorded tapes last February. The opposition insists the tapes contain incriminating evidence against many senior officials, including proof of high-level corruption, the government grip's on the judiciary, prosecution, businesses and media, politically-motivated arrests and jailings, electoral violations and even an attempted cover-up of a murder of a man by a police officer.
Gruevski, who has held power since 2006, and stepped down last month under an EU-brokered agreement, says the tapes were “fabricated” by unnamed foreign intelligence services and given to the opposition to destabilise the country.
On Friday afternoon a woman was run over in Brooklyn by a school bus driver as they walked across the intersection of Nostrand Avenue and Avenue M. Graphic video of the collision shows the driver turning directly into the woman, who was in the crosswalk and appeared to have the right of way, and continuing forward as they are dragged under the bus's wheels.
On Friday Afternoon in Brooklyn on Nostrand Ave and Ave M. pic.twitter.com/ihyTbu2yQs — NYC Scanner (@NYScanner) January 15, 2017
The woman was rushed to Kings County Hospital with non-life threatening injuries, according to an NYPD spokesperson who confirmed today that the driver, who remained at the scene, has not been arrested or issued any summons. The spokesperson also said that the NYPD's specialized Collision Investigation Squad [CIS] had not been assigned to the case, speculating this was because the pedestrian's injuries were "non-life threatening."
Steve Vaccaro, an attorney who specializes in cases involving reckless driving, viewed the video and strongly disagrees with the NYPD's assessment. "This is a flagrant violation of the Right of Way Law and should be prosecuted as reckless endangerment and third degree assault as well," Vaccaro told Gothamist. "The victim was entirely blameless. From the driver's failure to brake or change course until two or more seconds after the impact, it seems highly likely that the driver was distracted by an electronic device. But if the NYPD CIS refuses to investigate the case, then the driver's phone and phone records will probably never be inspected."
Vaccaro also says "the excuse given by CIS for not investigating is confusing. CIS long ago claimed to have dropped the 'dead or likely to die' standard for investigating in the wake of the Clara Heyworth botched investigation. The new standard is 'critical' injury. The 'not life threatening' phraseology sounds like NYPD is confused about the difference between the two."
Brian Zumhagen, a spokesperson for safe streets advocacy group Transportation Alternatives, said they had seen the "horrifying" video and that "it makes it clear just how dangerous failure to yield is, and why we need the Right of Way law, along with more traffic signals that give pedestrians a head start in the crosswalk, and drivers a dedicated phase to make turns."
City records show that there have been 39 crash-related injuries at the intersection of Avenue M and Nostrand Avenue since 2009, Brooklyn Daily reports.
The bus is reportedly owned by a company called Y & M Transit. A call to their Brooklyn office this afternoon went unanswered.
Maybe.
According to a tweet from Colorado Rapids beat writer Marco Cummings, it just might be happening. The UK's Sun reports that the Powers has been handed a trial by English Championship side Reading FC. This would be in line with what Daniel Boniface from The Denver Post reported last week that Powers could be sold to Europe this off-season
"He's a very sharp young man, they have everything thought through," Rapids vice president of soccer operations Paul Bravo said Thursday. "And Europe is something that they would like to experience somewhere down the road in their career."
That down the road could be a whole lot closer than anyone realized it seems (if these reports are true). Powers was a bright spot this season for the Rapids with three goals and six assists.  They are 24 years old and it would be a shame to lose him, but if Powers wants to leave, the Rapids need to strike while the iron is hot.
We at Burgundy Wave will keep an eye on any further movement.
WASHINGTON – As Republican Judge Roy Moore plows on through accusations of molesting teenage girls in the Alabama special Senate Election, Republicans nationally are flummoxed.
Republicans are weighing their options between the tax cuts Moore is likely to support shortly after taking office, or the basic integrity that comes with electing a candidate not accused of inviting 14-year-old girls to your house to get them drunk and try to have sex with them.
“This is hard,” said Gert Ningrich, a Fox News panelist. “Almost as hard as no 32-year-old man should be when he's with a 14-year-old girl.”
“I do like having Senators that respect the sanctity of children, and who don't live their lives as flagrant hypocrites” said Jan Cutler, a conservative author. “But I also love giving tax cuts to hedge fund managers in the Hamptons. I can't figure this one out.”
Voters found both possibilities enticing.
“Rich guys really deserve my money,” said Dale Greenbow, a construction worker in Uniontown, Alabama. “But I feel like a not-rapist could be a really great Senator for Alabama.”
They were referring to Alabama's Democratic nominee for Senate, Doug Jones, who called lowering taxes on the wealthy “unconscionable.”
“I don't even know what that word means,” said Mr. Greenbow.
The election is expected to be close on December 12th.
“I'm doing some serious thinking this month” said Mr. Greenbow. “Just like Roy Moore should have done before they tried to have sex with a 14-year-old girl.”
The Mercer Family contributed to this report. They can be reached at theflatearthtimes@gmail.com
Follow us
Like Us!
Like this: Like Loading...
Photo Credit: Courtesy: MFO
Israel and Egypt have united to protest a decision by the United States to reduce its contingent in the Sinai Peninsula multinational force by a third. It's unclear whether opposition by the two allies will move anyone in the White House, however.
Washington officials are worrying about what they feel is the increasing likelihood that American service members could be targeted by Da'esh (ISIS) terrorists while participating in the MFO. The concerns come in the wake of recent losses elsewhere in the Middle East, and two recent incidents of Da'esh cyberattacks on American soil, including one targeting military personnel.
Advertisement
The role of the force is to monitor enforcement of the security agreement in the 1979 Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty, and to ensure no heavy weaponry enters the Sinai Peninsula in violation of the agreement. The origins of the MFO (ed. – multinational force) lie in Annex I to the 1979 Treaty of Peace between Egypt and Israel, in which the parties undertook to request the United Nations to provide a force and observers to supervise the implementation of the Treaty. When it did not prove possible to obtain Security Council approval for the stationing of a UN peacekeeping force in the Sinai, the parties negotiated a Protocol in 1981 establishing the MFO “as an alternative” to the envisioned UN force.
The directly interested parties in the multinational force — that is, Israel and Egypt — fund most of the costs of its operation. Australia and the United States provide funding for Force Protection purposes.
Since the election of President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt and Israel have worked together to battle the massive presence of terrorist bases in Sinai that grew during the one-year reign of Muslim Brotherhood-backed President Mohammed Morsi. The multinational force has rarely been targeted by these groups, who are working to overthrow the el-Sisi government rather than waste their resources elsewhere.
But Washington has lost two American soldiers in the battle with Da'esh since March alone, including a SEAL who was shot and killed in northern Iraq near Mosul this week.
With the Democratic party facing an uphill battle to retain the White House in the upcoming presidential elections this November, President Barack Obama appears to be taking few chances on angering the American public with unpopular military losses.
At present some 700 American soldiers from special combat and logistical units serve in the northern Sinai, comprising a little less than half of the total multinational force.
The U.S. is pressuring Egypt and Israel to agree to the one-third reduction of its force, at the minimum; a move that would be seen in Egypt as a statement of no-confidence in the el-Sisi regime.
After discussions with Israel, Egypt has expressed willingness to move some of the peacekeeper forces to the center and southern sections of the region. Technical monitoring equipment would be used to replace the missing forces in the northern Sinai. It's not clear how effective such a strategy would be, however.
Then again, it's also not clear how effective the presence of the MFO has actually been as a deterrent against terrorist activity either. It is more likely that Israeli-Egyptian opposition to the move is aimed at the damaging political statement it makes in Egyptian society, and the not-so-subtle encouraging message it sends to radical Islamist terrorist in the Sinai Peninsula.
But then, Washington doesn't use words like “radical Islamist terrorists” … so they don't really exist, do they?
Making an accurate wristband heart rate monitor, let alone one that's also comfortable and stylish, is challenging. Fitbit's latest attempt to strike that balance is the $150 Alta HR. A near mirror-image of the original Alta, the Alta HR is an updated model with slight design differences, improved sleep-tracking features, and a tiny optical heart-rate monitor inside of it.
The Alta HR is quite similar to Fitbit's currently available Charge 2, but the Alta HR places more emphasis on the combination of a slim design and an accurate heart-rate monitor. Fitbit is banking on that combination encouraging users to wear a device all day and all night long. The Alta HR is proof that you can have a device that works as hard as you do without being ostentatious and without much sacrifice.
Design: Familiar, yet more thoughtful
The Alta HR looks nearly identical to the original Alta, and its symmetry is one of its biggest selling points. Fitbit managed to shrink the internal tech by 25 percent to make room for an optical heart rate monitor inside the Alta's svelte frame. Coming in small, large, and extra large sizes, all Alta HR models are just 0.61 inches (1.6 cm) wide. That makes the device .23 inches (0.6 cm) thinner than the $150 Fitbit Charge 2. It also has the same tappable display as the original device and the Charge 2, but the HR responds to tap much better than the Alta did. There are no physical buttons on the Alta HR, so you can only tap the display to scroll through activity data screens. Waking the Alta HR's display rarely took more than one tap, whereas the Alta often needed three to five taps to wake up at all.
The most noticeable difference is in the Alta HR's bands: instead of the Alta's snap closure, the Alta HR has a more watch-like band made of flexible elastomer and features a simple, semi-flexible buckle. Not only does the new band make the device easier to strap on, it also lets you get the perfect fit for measuring heart rate. As with any wrist-bound optical heart-rate monitor, the one in the Alta HR can interfere with blood flow and provide an inaccurate pulse reading if the device is strapped too tightly. On the flip side, it shouldn't be so loose that air gets between the wrist and the monitor. While the original Alta's snap closure is perfectly adequate for that device, the more secure band on the Alta HR is necessary.
The band is interchangeable, just like on the original Alta. Fitbit has a bunch of styles available in leather, metal, and, of course, elastomer, which is ideal for exercise. Although the Alta HR might not be water-resistant enough to swim with (the Flex 2 is still the only Fitbit tracker with that perk), it is comfortable to wear all day and while you're sleeping. Since the new sleep features that are supposed to help you sleep better require the heart-rate monitor, the Alta HR needs to be easy to sleep with around your wrist. I slept with the device on for a few weeks, strapped as I typically would to ensure proper heart-rate measurement, and it never bothered me. I slept mostly with the sport band on the Alta HR and a few times with a leather band; I would wager the only uncomfortable band to sleep with is the bracelet-like metal band.
Thanks to its smaller internals, the Alta HR is estimated to last seven days on a single charge. That's with continuous heart-rate monitoring and sleep tracking, making it an extremely competitive device in terms of battery life. On the seventh consecutive day of wearing the Alta HR, I received a notification in the app that the battery was low. I typically tracked one or two workouts per day and wore the device to bed each night. Even with all that use, the Alta HR lasted over a week before it needed more juice.
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
Valentina Palladino
An improved band makes it easier to fasten around your wrist tightly.
Features: Constantly learning more about you
The Alta HR has nearly all the same features as the Charge 2, the most important of which are daily activity and sleep tracking, continuous heart-rate monitoring, and auto-recognition of exercises. From the moment you strap on the Alta HR, it tracks your steps, calories, distance, and heart rate, and it will continue to monitor movement and pulse while you sleep. The heart-rate monitor enhances some of these features: Fitbit claims the caloric-expenditure estimates will be more accurate than before thanks to the heart-rate monitor, and the monitor feeds data into the new Sleep Stages and Sleep Insight features that help you get a better night of shut-eye.
Thankfully, the heart-rate monitor is pretty accurate. When I tested it against the Polar H7 heart-rate monitoring chest strap, the Alta HR typically hovered within three to five BPMs of the H7's measurement. However, the Alta HR took a few more seconds to level off at a medium-intensity pulse after being at a high-intensity pulse for a few minutes. The H7 chest strap's readings fell steadily from the 170s to the 130s, but the Alta HR took a few more seconds to level off at the new, lower heart rate.
Actually seeing your heart rate on the Alta HR during a workout is a little frustrating. You must tap the display to go to the heart-rate screen to see your real-time measurement, and that's easier said than done when you're in the middle of a 5K run. The only way to make this easier is to customize the order of your Alta HR's screens in the Fitbit app and set the heart-rate screen to be the first one that pops up when you turn your wrist upward.
One of the differences between the Charge 2 and the Alta HR is that you cannot access sport profiles on the new device. You can save a few sport profiles to the Charge 2, allowing you to easily start a recorded workout from the device. But with the Alta HR, you must rely on the exercise auto-recognition feature or wait until you're done exercising and manually log workouts in the mobile app. Auto-recognition and recording is one of Fitbit's best features: the Alta HR will automatically record walk, run, elliptical, and bike workouts, as well as "sports" (a good generic category if you do a particular sport regularly) and "aerobic" workouts (another good category for HIIT sessions and the like) that you do for more than 10 minutes. This time threshold can be changed in the app, but the least amount of time needed to recognize and record an activity is 10 minutes. I only logged one session manually in the app while I used the Alta HR (it was a 10-minute stair-stepper session that I categorize as an aerobic exercise). Otherwise, the device picked up every workout I did without my help.
The other two differences between the Charge 2 and the Alta HR is that the latter doesn't have guided breathing sessions, nor does it have a connected GPS feature. The Charge 2's guided breathing feature uses the display to lead you through a deep breathing session that helps lower your heart rate and keep you relaxed. It's not a necessary feature—most fitness trackers don't have it—but guided breathing might be good for your mental health if you're constantly feeling stressed or anxious. The connected GPS feature lets you map outdoor running routes when you take the Charge 2 on a run with your smartphone. The lack of this feature might deter runners from buying the Alta HR: if you're accustomed to running outside and want to review a route map at the end of each session, you can't get that with the Alta HR.
Measuring heart rate while you sleep
We'll discuss the Alta HR's improved sleep features in the app section, but they are improved primarily because of the heart-rate monitor. Not only does the monitor work all day, but it also measures your pulse throughout the night and your resting heart rate before you wake up. That continuous nighttime heart rate, plus heart-rate variability data and the accelerometer's movement information, gives you a better picture of your night's sleep. Most other devices use movement data alone to judge if you've slept well or not (if you move too much, your session is automatically considered a bad night's sleep), so adding heart-rate information makes the information more clear and accurate. Heart rate and heart-rate variability also lets the Alta HR estimate the amount of time you spend in light, deep, and REM sleep, as well as the periods when you're awake at night. Before the introduction of Sleep Stages, Fitbit devices could only estimate light, deep, and awake times.
The Alta HR also has a number of alert features that are standard for nearly every Fitbit device. It receives text, call, and calendar alerts from your smartphone, which isn't as many notifications as the $150 Garmin Vivosmart HR gets, but they are the bread-and-butter of smartphone alerts. You can set the device to ping you with a reminder to move if you've been sitting for too long, and you can set a silent alarm to either wake you up in the morning with light vibrations or to remind yourself to do something important during the day.
Listing image by Valentina Palladino
28 May 2016
Until recently, the concept of generators, or resumable functions, seemed to me like a cute idea with only niche use cases. Sure, I had heard that generators in python and javascript could make certain things much nicer, but how often does one really need to have what appears to be nothing more than a fancy iterator? It wasn't until I followed this Rust RFC thread that the true potential of generators in Rust started to dawn on me. Today they are my personal number-one most-desired new feature for the language, mostly because I believe they are the biggest missing piece in Rust's async story.
But how are generators relevant to async at all?
To understand that, let's first imagine what generators might look like in Rust. We start with a trait definition (borrowed from eddyb's comment in the above-linked thread):
pub enum Yield < T , R > { Value ( T ), Return ( R ) } pub trait Generator { type Value ; type Return ; fn next ( & mut self ) -> Yield < Self :: Value , Self :: Return > ; }
So a generator looks a lot like an iterator. You can ask it for the next value until you reach its end, signalled by Return . The interesting part is that there is a special way to construct values that implement Generator . For example:
fn fib_with_sum ( n : usize ) -< u64 > -> u64 { let mut a = 0 ; let mut b = 1 ; let mut sum = 0 ; for _ in 0 . .n { yield a ; // <--- new keyword "yield" sum += a ; let next = a + b ; a = b ; b = next ; } return sum ; }
Here I've used some strawman syntax fn foo() -<T>-> R , which denotes that foo is a generator function that produces some number of T values and then finishes by producing an R . The yield keyword inside of a generator function means that a Yield::Value() should be produced and the generator should be paused. When you call fib_with_sum() , the value you get back is a generator, which can be used by calling next() , like this:
let mut g = fib_with_sum ( 5 ); g .next (); // Yield::Value(0) g .next (); // Yield::Value(1) g .next (); // Yield::Value(1) g .next (); // Yield::Value(2) g .next (); // Yield::Value(3) g .next (); // Yield::Return(7)
Another thing that we might want to do is to have one generator delegate to another generator. The yield from construction allows that:
fn sub_gen ( n : u64 ) -< u64 > -> bool { for i in 0 . .n { yield i } return n == 3 ; } fn gen () -< u64 > -> () { for j in 0 .. { if yield from sub_gen ( j ) { return j ; } } }
Running these gives:
let mut g = gen (); g .next (); // Yield::Value(0) g .next (); // Yield::Value(0) g .next (); // Yield::Value(1) g .next (); // Yield::Value(0) g .next (); // Yield::Value(1) g .next (); // Yield::Value(2) g .next (); // Yield::Return(3)
Note that when the sub-generator is done, its return value gets plugged in at the yield from expression of the calling generator. So gen() continues until j == 3 .
Using generators for async I/O
Now for the punchline. Using generators, we can define asynchronous reader and writer traits like this:
use std :: io ::{ Error , ErrorKind , Result }; enum AsyncStatus { Fd ( FileDescriptor ), Timeout ( Time ), //... } pub trait AsyncWrite { /// Attempts to write all buf.len() bytes from buf into the /// stream. Returns once all of the bytes have been written. fn write ( & mut self , bytes : & [ u8 ]) -< AsyncStatus > -> Result < () > ; } pub trait AsyncRead { /// Attempts to read buf.len() bytes from the stream, /// writing them into buf. Returns the number of bytes /// actually read. Returns as soon as min_bytes are /// read or EOF is encountered. fn try_read ( & mut self , buf : & mut [ u8 ], min_bytes : usize ) -< AsyncStatus > -> Result < usize > ; /// Like try_read(), but returns an error if EOF is /// encountered before min_bytes can be read. fn read ( & mut self , buf : & mut [ u8 ], min_bytes : usize ) -< AsyncStatus > -> Result < usize > ; { let n = try! ( yield from self .try_read ( buf , min_bytes )); if n < min_bytes { Err ( Error :: new ( ErrorKind :: UnexpectedEof , format! ( "expected {} but got {} bytes" , min_bytes , n ))) } else { Ok ( n ) } } }
Then, at the top level of our program, we have a task executor, where
type Task = Generator < Value = AsyncStatus , Return = () > ;
The task executor owns a collection of tasks and is responsible for running them when they are ready. When a task runs and needs to pend on some I/O, it yields back what it's currently waiting on, for example a file descriptor. When none of the tasks can make any progress, the executor calls a OS-specific API like kevent() to wait until more progress can be made.
Unlike with fibers/green threading, it remains very clear where switches-between-tasks can take place. Unlike with promises, we don't have to be constantly allocating closures on the heap. Generator-based async-I/O seems like an all-around win!
(discussion on /r/rust)
-- posted by dwrensha
An elderly man that “may” have recently been detained by North Korea has been identified as 85 year old Merrill Newman by the San Jose Mercury Press.
If true, the report confirms Tuesday's speculation that North Korea had detained a second American tourist in twelve months, this time “from the plane on which they were to leave the country on Oct. 26”.
News of their arrest emerged less than 24 hours after the U.S. State Department issued a new warning against all travel to North Korea by American citizens.
The blanket warning, the first of its type since U.S. travel to North Korea was authorized in 1995, now appears related to news that a second U.S. national had been arrested and imprisoned in North Korea:
“The Travel Warning was updated to recommend against all travel by U.S. citizens to North Korea and also included a line that – which reflects recent events, of course, not a single case but recent events, that we have also received reports of North Korean authorities arbitrarily detaining U.S. citizens and not allowing them to depart the country,” State Dept. Spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters at a Wednesday afternoon briefing.
AIRPLANE MYSTERY
Arrests of Western tourists on planes departing Pyongyang's Sunan airport are unprecedented.
Just two flights left Pyongyang the day that Newman was reported to be leaving North Korea – JS 151 to Beijing and JS 155 to Shenyang in neighboring China.
“If removed from a plane, how did this not get out before?” asked one North Korea travel expert who wished to remain anonymous.
Josh Richman, who broke news of Newman's identity at the San Jose Mercury Press, did not explain how they acquired the information and said that neither the U.S. State Department nor Newman's family would confirm the information.
However, a recent newsletter published by Newman's retirement home Channing House suggested confirmation at least of their intention to visit the DPRK, going as far as detailing a colleague who was to accompany the 85 year old throughout North Korea.
“Bob Hamrdla no sooner returned from Berlin than they packed up to visit North Korea with Merrill Newman,” the newsletter said. “Merrill took Korean language lessons to prepare for their ten-day independent trip. They will be accompanied at all times by two Korean guides.”
KOREAN WAR CONNECTION
A 2005 profile on Newman's background in the Palo Alto Weekly said that aside from contributing to a local Red Cross branch for nearly three decades, they also worked as an infantryman in the U.S. military for three years during the Korean War.
At an interview with the weekly, “Newman reminisced about their life's experiences, which have moved them from Colusa to Berkeley to Stanford to Korea, as well as Costa Rica and Ecuador.”
The last time any Korean War veterans entered North Korea was in July, when a delegation led by Lt. j.g. Thomas Hudner visited North Korea to recover the remains of a fellow soldier killed during the 1950s era conflict.
That trip was ultimately unsuccessful, but the family coordinating the trip said that they would try and visit North Korea again in September – pending authorization by the U.S. State Department and Korean interlocutors.
A member of that delegation, Adam Makos, told NK News on Tuesday, “We are unaware of Mr. Newman's situation”.
In contrast to the arrest of Newman, Makos said that their delegation had been “treated them with the utmost care” and that “not once did Hudner have a concern for their health or well being. Among the Korean People's Army, they felt comfortable in the company of fellow soldiers.”
Andrea Lee, President of New York city based Uri Tours, told NK News, “As a U.S.-based DPRK tour operator, we have safely taken Korean War vets on our tours in the past, and that alone is not a cause for arrest.”
AGENCIES UNAWARE
While the San Jose Mercury Press say a Beijing based travel agency was involved in organizing Newman's tour, calls by NK News to two of the largest DRPK tour companies in the Chinese capital provided no confirmation of the arrest early Tuesday.
“I can guarantee it was not one of our customers” said Chris White of Beijing based Young Pioneer Tours, when contacted by NK News on the issue Tuesday.
“We all know about Kenneth Bae. If this is the second American arrested in last year, I could see why State Dept. might start to get nervous,” White added.
Simon Cockerell, a tour leader from the British-owned Koryo Tours, told NK News, “We are keeping an eye on the news but have no specific extra information at this time.”
“In 20 years of operation we have never once had any of our tourists arrested or detained and we continue to operate all tours as usual,” Cockerell added.
UNUSUAL ARREST
David Straub, a long-time North Korea watcher at Stanford University told NK News that the case so far was proving “unusual”.
“Normally the North Koreans acknowledge these kinds of incarcerations fairly soon after they they occur.”
Also, “most of the incarcerations have involved Asian-Americans, Korean-Americans; this is one of the few Caucasian Americans this has happened to, and it's the first elderly american that I can think of.”
“I think we need to wait and see what the North Koreans eventually say is the reason for their actions before speculating about it. There is no indication of religious involvement at this time, but the basic fact of the matter is that this gentleman is 84-85 yrs old, an elderly man, presumably not a threat in any way to North Korea, so this is, even by North Korean standards, an extraordinary thing.”
“At their age, this kind of stress is quite serious,” Straub added.
Andrei Lankov, another long-time North Korea watcher based at Kookmin University in Seoul, echoed Straub's comment that the arrest was not like ‘normal' cases:
“It is unusual, though, since until the Kenneth Bae affair all foreign visitors had been perfectly safe. It might signal a change in their attitude.”
“The North Korean authorities might worry about foreigners misbehavior, so it makes sense to remind the of their proper place. Nonetheless, too early to say anything with certainty,” Lankov added.
TRAVEL INDUSTRY ON RISE
Up to one third of all Western tourists in North Korea are now American, a move that has been facilitated in recent years by DPRK tourist authorities relaxing once burdensome restrictions on U.S. visitors and a almost 200% increase in net global visitors to North Korea.
But as the tourist industry has grown, a number of small new tourist companies have cropped up in the last 18 months – often with little experience of the DPRK.
One travel source, who wished to remain anonymous, said that it was possible that some of the newest entrants to the North Korea travel market may not have the experience necessary to brief visitors on safe travel, best practices, cultural norms in North Korea.
As a result, it was suggested that tourists travelling with some of the newest companies could be more likely to unwillingly fall afoul of North Korean laws, even though State Dept. warnings underscore the risks.
“The State Department has been issuing travel advisories about North Korea for years, but a lot of people are just too stupid to listen,” Joshua Stanton, a North Korea watcher told NK News.
“For some people, visiting North Korea is like dating Madonna — treading a tired, well-worn, loveless, and morally ambiguous path that gives some people an inexplicable feeling that they've entered an unexplored place. Except that Dennis Rodman already did,” Stanton added.
Despite the latest warning, Chris White of Beijing based Young Pioneer Tours told NK News that their company will bring in a group of 40 people to North Korea this week – including Washington DC rappers Pacman and Peso, who recently raised money via Kickstarter to travel to the DPRK to shoot a rap video.
“We ain't worried about nothing,” Peso told NK News in September, when asked if they or fellow rapper Pacman were concerned they could get into trouble during their stay.
Main picture: Channing House
Omega Racers
Welp.. what is Monthly Game?
First week - Definition of the theme and beginning of the sketch or prototype. Second week - Prototyping and testing to improve gameplay. Third week - Creation and implantation of graphic, sound and music. After the third week - Testing, polishing and finishing.
So what can I do to support Gille?
even if it's to fuck me up
The Tiers
$1 - The Crew As a crew member you will have access to the ship with all adult content and access to the public release two whole weeks before the rest of the world. You also have permission to access our secret base through discord.
$5 - Human Resources You'll face the heavy closed beta testing, which means you'll have frequent access to all the latest beta versions. You can also give your opinion in our surveys and access our collection of unused things. Find the polls here.
$15 - World Creator! With this title, each month our duty is to create games that people want to play, so you can suggest some graphic content (which may be related to the new game theme) that will be added to the game, you can think this will be our private game jam and your opinion will be taken into account with more relevance. Sometimes I will make a secret version of the game with console for you to type the cheats. Finally, as a creator, nothing more fair than adding your name to the credits so everyone knows of your effort supporting us. Submit your Graphic Content idea here.
$25 - Look, I'm in the Game! Now you can let your creativity flow out from your head, each month I will guide you through the possibilities of the creatures we can create together ♥ Your characters as an actor/actor will to act in the month game, so we anticipate a lot of spicy scenes, prepare your characters to endure. included: Graphic Content idea Submit your NPC Character idea here.
$50 - Play with me!
This is a position of prestigious, each month you can suggest a customization to some game layout (a room environment) and everyone will be able to visit and be amazed by your good taste. included: NPC Character idea; Graphic Content idea Submit your Layout idea here.
Gille highlights! All of my depicted characters are 18+ years of age, so adult characters just like you.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Creative Commons - Attribution 4.0 International
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California is done with gentle nudges and polite reminders to deal with its devastating drought.
State regulators are naming and shaming local water departments that have let water wasters slide — and forcing agencies to slash water use by as much as a third. They say it's necessary as California reservoirs, and the snow on mountains that is supposed to refill them, reach record lows.
The drought has no clear end in sight, but it's up to hundreds of local agencies, from small irrigation districts to the city of Los Angeles, to make sure California has enough water to get through it.
Since Gov. Jerry Brown declared a drought emergency last year, they've largely taken a soft, educational approach to curtail water use. That's no longer enough, they say.
In response, state regulators have drafted plans that show how much each community has conserved and assign mandatory water reduction targets. A third of the water departments must make the deepest 35 percent cuts because they have high water use.
"It's going to require some major changes in how those communities think about, use and manage their water, but it is possible," said Heather Cooley of the nonprofit Pacific Institute.
The excuses cities have given for pitiful conservation, including hot weather and earlier cutbacks, are no longer a free pass.
That means Los Angeles — which has a million more people than it did 40 years ago, but uses the same amount of water — would have to cut its use by a fifth.
Ways to meet these ambitious targets can include carrots such as rebates for ripping up lawns and sticks that include fines for water waste and increased rates for overconsumption.
Those who don't meet the targets or take steps to conserve face $10,000-a-day fines if they don't adopt new water restrictions or change rates as demanded by the state, although regulators have been wary of using similar powers before.
State officials say residential conservation through turning off the sprinklers, taking shorter showers and doing less laundry is the most effective way to boost statewide water supplies in a drought, even though residents use less than a fifth of California's surface and groundwater supplies.
Not all cities were at risk of running out of water and didn't feel the same pressure to conserve. Some had enough water in local storage to weather the drought. Other local elected officials risked the wrath of constituents for hiking rates or imposing far-reaching restrictions.
"If it's the state telling them what they have to do, that takes the heat off of local officials," said Ellen Hanak, a water expert at the Public Policy Institute of California.
The new strategy is a result of Brown's executive order to change water consumption. Brown met privately for three hours Wednesday with representatives from water agencies, agricultural interests and environmental groups.
"The challenge here, aside from getting the water, is to merely collaborate together and not try to blame other people and point fingers," Brown told reporters as the meeting ended.
The toughest hurdle for this new strategy is getting people who haven't been conserving over the last few years to suddenly make drastic cuts. Water agencies are not getting any money to hire water cops or acquiring any authority to turn off taps.
Hitting customers in the wallet is an effective way of bringing change: Santa Cruz and the San Ramon-Dublin area slashed water use more than 30 percent after slapping big fines on residents who went over water limits.
Bigger bills may not be enough to motivate the owners of mansions on the hills overlooking San Diego. They are served by California's top water guzzling agency, the Santa Fe Irrigation District.
Jennifer Parks, a spokesperson for the district, said the agency plans to finally fine offenders and is willing to ration if necessary.
In some communities, drastic cuts could threaten the local economy. The human-made oasis of Palm Springs, in the desert, attracts thousands each year to dozens of lush golf courses, hotels and verdant landscapes, but now faces a mandate to cut water use by 35 percent, or 2 billion gallons, over nine months.
"There is nothing like it we've ever had to face in terms of how we live our lives," said Craig Ewing, the board president of the Desert Water Agency which serves Palm Springs.
The board previously rejected increasing water rates as water use rises, but Ewing says the state mandates will likely force the agency to reconsider. Four years into the drought, it will now ramp up water waste enforcement, particularly for guests using vacation homes, and communities are ripping up grass in favor of drought-tolerant shrubs and bushes.
"It will be a new welcome, rather than acres of green lawns," Ewing said.
Sharon Needles' sophomore album Taxidermy drops on Halloween. Which is fitting for a singer who says they live every day like it's Halloween.
In anticipation of the album, PEOPLE spoke to the 2012 winner of RuPaul's Drag Race about how this album differs from their first LP PG-13, their love of Halloween and how their life has changed since they became famous.
PEOPLE: How is this album different from PG-13?
It's very different. PG-13 is kind of a scattered, almost movie soundtrack album, with elements of punk and metal and electronica. This one is a lot more concise. It's glued together, I think, better than PG-13. It's an EDM dance music album. I wanted to really focus on the EDM sound and it's a love record. I wanted to think of something that was the glue to this record and something that was universal for even people that don't like drag or aren't attracted to the macabre. That being said, it's a very melancholy love record. It's very moody. If there was visual for the way that it sounds, I would say it would be a dead cheerleader floating at the bottom of pond who is never found.
Why did you go for that EDM sound?
Well, because I like it. Another reason is I have to understand my market and I have to think about where I'm working. I'm primarily working in dance clubs and in discotheque and primarily for the gay community, so it's just a very fitting sound for my work. If I had it my way – I have such plethora of music that I love – I would like to make a disco record. I'd love to make a punk record. F—, I'd love to make a country record one day. But, in a very “Andy Warholic” way, I like to create commercial products and I like to make a sound that is very current, marketable, purchasable and addictive. That comes with my love of Andy Warhol commercial art.
How was the writing process different on this album? Were their lessons you learned on PG-13 that you applied here?
On PG-13, the way I wrote that is that I would get my tracks ahead of time and then I would write for them, and I wrote fairly quickly. PG-13 is kind of a scrambled party album written by a confident toddler, and Taxidermy is very different. It's written by a precocious and untrusting adult, because being thrown into a D-list celebrity lifestyle definitely hardens you very quickly and you grow very quickly as you watch your favorite hobby become your own personal empire. So, most Taxidermy is scribbled in my notebooks and my notes in cellphone because I'm constantly writing.
What's your favorite song on the album?
I think “Dead Dandelion” is my favorite song on the record. It's very melancholic. It's very sweet and it's also very dark. The conflict of the song is that true love is the truest punishment because you're forced to lose each other permanently in death. So, I really like “Dead Dandelion” and I think that's a tie with my cover of “Supernature.” I love covers because there's just something I love about replicating someone else's music or taking rare music and introducing it to a wider or a new audience. I love “Supernature,” which a lot of people might not know is a cover. Anytime I cover a song, it's usually a pretty underground or old song. That's actually an old French Disco song by Cerrone.
And, now, it's dropping on Halloween
I know, and it's a very appropriate date for the album to come out. I love Halloween. I mean, yes, I consider every day to be Halloween, but it's a very special day for me. I can always pay rent on Halloween.
Why is it so special to you?
I've just always loved since I was a kid. I love that it's a mixture of the macabre and childishness. It's just fun. It's cheesy. It's campy. I've always just loved Halloween when I was a kid. It was the one day where you could get dressed up and actually leave the house looking like that, and I probably would've have chosen to look like that every day.
How are you celebrating it this year?
Since I decided to do a reality show and was crowned America's best drag queen star, I made the last minute to ditch everyone on Halloween and now I work every Halloween. This year I will be in Manchester, U.K., which is a great because it's so good to see that Halloween is becoming such a bigger thing worldwide.
"Many people think of our times as being the last before the end of the world. The evidence of horror all around us makes this seem possible.
But isn't that an idea of only minor importance? Doesn't every human being, no matter which era they live in, always have to reckon with being accountable to God at any moment? Can I know whether I'll be alive tomorrow morning?
A bomb could destroy all of us tonight. And then my guilt would not be one bit less than if I perished together with the earth and the stars.”
Sophie Scholl
"Love does not make you weak, because it is the source of all strength, but it makes you see the nothingness of the illusory strength on which you depended before you knew it."
Léon Bloy
“The real damage is done by those millions who want to 'get by.' The ordinary men who just want to be left in peace. Those who don't want their lives disturbed by anything bigger than themselves. Those with no sides and no causes. Those who won't take measure of their own strength, for fear of antagonizing their own weakness. Those who don't like to make waves—or enemies.
Those for whom freedom, honour, truth, and principles are only literature. Those who live small, love small, die small. It's the reductionist approach to life: if you keep it small, you'll keep it under control. If you don't make any noise, the bogeyman won't find you.
But it's all an illusion, because they die too, those people who roll up their spirits into tiny little balls so as to be safe. Safe?! From what? Life is always on the edge of death; narrow streets lead to the same place as wide avenues, and a little candle burns itself out just like a flaming torch does. I choose my own way to burn.”
Sophie Scholl
The White Rose
Second Leaflet
Munich, 1942
We will not be silent.
It is impossible to engage in intellectual discourse with National Socialist philosophy, for if there were such an entity, one would have to try by means of analysis and discussion either to prove its validity or to combat it. In actuality, however, we face a totally different situation.
At its very inception this movement depended on the deception and betrayal of one's fellow man; even at that time it was inwardly corrupt and could support itself only by constant lies. After all, Hitler states in an early edition of "his" book (a book written in the worst German I have ever read, in spite of the fact that it has been elevated to the position of the Bible in this nation of poets and thinkers): "It is unbelievable, to what extent one must betray a people in order to rule it."
If at the start this cancerous growth in the nation was not particularly noticeable, it was only because there were still enough forces at work that operated for the good, so that it was kept under control. As it grew larger, however, and finally in an ultimate spurt of growth attained ruling power, the tumor broke open, as it were, and infected the whole body.
The greater part of its former opponents went into hiding. The German intellectuals fled to their cellars, there, like plants struggling in the dark, away from light and sun, gradually to choke to death.
Now the end is at hand. Now it is our task to find one another again, to spread information from person to person, to keep a steady purpose, and to allow ourselves no rest until the last man is persuaded of the urgent need of their struggle against this system. When thus a wave of unrest goes through the land, when "it is in the air," when many join the cause, then in a great final effort this system can be shaken off.
After all, an end in terror is preferable to terror without end.
We are not in a position to draw up a final judgment about the meaning of our history. But if this catastrophe can be used to further the public welfare, it will be only by virtue of the fact that we are cleansed by suffering; that we yearn for the light in the midst of the deepest night, summon our strength, and finally help in shaking off the yoke which weighs on our world.
We do not want to discuss here the question of the Jews, nor do we want in this leaflet to compose a defense or apology. No, only by way of example do we want to cite the fact that since the conquest of Poland three hundred thousand Jews have been murdered in this country in the most bestial way.
Here we see the most frightful crime against human dignity, a crime that is unparalleled in the whole of history. For Jews, too, are human beings - no matter what position we take with respect to the Jewish question - and a crime of this dimension has been perpetrated against human beings.
Someone may say that the Jews deserve their fate. This assertion would be a monstrous impertinence; but let us assume that someone said this - what position has they then taken toward the fact that the entire Polish aristocratic youth is being annihilated? (May God grant that this program has not yet fully achieved its aim as yet!)
All male offspring of the houses of the nobility between the ages of fifteen and twenty were transported to concentration camps in Germany and sentenced to forced labor, and all the girls of this age group were sent to Norway, into the bordellos of the SS!
Why tell you these things, since you are fully aware of them - or if not of these, then of other equally grave crimes committed by this frightful sub- humanity? Because here we touch on a problem which involves us deeply and forces us all to take thought.
Why do German people behave so apathetically in the face of all these abominable crimes, crimes so unworthy of the human race? Hardly anyone thinks about that.
It is accepted as fact and put out of mind. The German people slumber on in their dull, stupid sleep and encourage these fascist criminals; they give them the opportunity to carry on their depredations; and of course they do so.
Is this a sign that the Germans are brutalized in their simplest human feelings, that no chord within them cries out at the sight of such deeds, that they have sunk into a fatal consciencelessness from which they will never, never awake?
It seems to be so, and will certainly be so, if the German does not at last start up out of their stupor, if they do not protest wherever and whenever they can against this clique of criminals, if they show no sympathy for these hundreds of thousands of victims. They must evidence not only sympathy; no, much more: a sense of complicity in guilt.
For through their apathetic behavior they give these evil men the opportunity to act as they do; they tolerate this "government" which has taken upon itself such an infinitely great burden of guilt; indeed, they themselves is to blame for the fact that it came about at all...
Please make as many copies of this leaflet as you can and distribute them.
"I was satisfied that I wasn't personally to blame and that I hadn't known about those things. I wasn't aware of the extent of the crimes. But one day I went past the memorial plaque which had been put up for Sophie Scholl in Franz Josef Strasse, and I saw that they were born the same year as me, and they were executed the same year I started working for Hitler. And at that moment I actually sensed that it was no excuse to be young, and that it would have been possible to find things out."
Traudl Junge, Im toten Winkel - Hitler's Sekretärin
"How can we expect righteousness to prevail when there is hardly anyone willing to offer themselves up individually for a righteous cause?
Such a fine, sunny day, and I have to go."
The White Rose
Fourth Leaflet
Munich, 1942
We will not be silent.
"...It is the time of the harvest, and the reaper cuts into the ripe grain with wide strokes. Mourning takes up their abode in the country cottages, and there is no one to dry the tears of the mothers. Yet Hitler feeds those people whose most precious belongings they have stolen and whom they have driven to a meaningless death with lies.
Every word that comes from Hitler's mouth is a lie. When they say peace, they mean war, and when they blasphemously use the name of the Almighty, they mean the power of evil, the fallen angel, Satan. Their mouth is the foul maw of Hell, and their power is at bottom accursed. True, we must conduct a struggle against the Nazi terrorist state with rational means; but whoever today still doubts the reality, the existence of demonic powers, has failed by a wide margin to understand the metaphysical background of this war.
Behind the concrete, the visible events, behind all objective, logical considerations, we find the irrational element: The struggle against the demon, against the servants of the Antichrist.
Everywhere and always demonic powers lurk in the dark, waiting for the moment when man is weak; when of their own volition they leaf their place in Creation, as founded for them by God in freedom; when they yield to the force of evil, they separate themselves from the powers of a higher order; and after voluntarily taking the first step, they are driven on to the next and the next at a furiously accelerating rate.
Everywhere, and at times of the greatest trials, men have appeared, prophets and saints who cherished their freedom, who preached the One God and who with Their help brought the people to a reversal of their downward course. Man is free, to be sure, but without the true God they are defenseless against the principle of evil.  They are a like rudderless ship, at the mercy of the storm, an infant without their mother, a cloud dissolving into thin air..."
Please distribute this as widely as possible.
"Isn't it a riddle and awe-inspiring that things can be so beautiful, despite the horror? I've seen something wondrous peering through my joy in the beautiful, a sense of its creator...Only people can be truly ugly, because they have free will to separate themselves from this song of praise.
It often seems they will drown out this hymn with cannon thunder, curses, and blasphemy. But I have realized they will not succeed. And so I want to throw myself on the side of the victor.”
Sophie Scholl
As you know, I have been commemorating the anniversary of, the Munich Students Movement, and the series of leaflets which they produced and distributed in Nazi Germany as a statement of conscience during the height of the reign of terror.I do not think it is possible for any one of us to genuinely appreciate the courage it takes to do something like this. And I hope that we never do come to understand such an extraordinary vocation to the same degree. But each one of us is called to act, in our own way, and in our own time.What is surprising is not that we are called to do so much, but rather, so little. Love and be grateful to God, treat people as you would like to be treated with respect, kindness, and forgiveness. Do not lie or steal or cheat, do not be proud and look down on your fellow creatures, and act with honor and respect for the gifts of Their creation. And when we fail through weakness, we are readily forgiven.But all too often we bargain away our souls, rebelling from even these slight and reasonable requests-- and for so little.Thankfully few are called to the martyr's crown. But we are all called to take up our cross and follow, each day, in each of our own small ways. That is all most of us can do-- be still, and faithful, and wait on the Lord in our calling.And above all do not add to or assist, in any way, the evil in the world, especially by condemning or harming those who stand up against its onslaught. That is Pilate's sin, to ask' and turn away and lie, if only to ourselves, while looking truth in the face, for the sake of expediency. It is a sin against the Spirit, and one that will not be easily forgiven.We may believe what we will. But we will be held accountable for our beliefs.The saddest words in any language are those of irreparable regret, that come to haunt us in our last hours, 'If only...'On 22 February 1943, Scholl, their brother Hans and their friend Christoph Probst were found guilty of treason and condemned to death. They were all beheaded by executioner Johann Reichhart in Munich's Stadelheim Prison only a few hours later, at 17:00 hrs. The execution was supervised by Walter Roemer, the enforcement chief of the Munich district court.Prison officials, in later describing the scene, emphasized the courage with which they walked to their execution. Them last words were:
Was St. James the Just the leader of the early Church--or was St. Peter?
Was James, not Peter, the head of the Church after Jesus?
Some claim that it was James, not Peter, who was the leader of the early Church after the time of Christ.
What evidence can they provide for this claim?
And what evidence is there against it?
Which James?
"James" was a common name in first century Judea, and there were several men named James who are mentioned in the New Testament.
Unfortunately, precisely how many Jameses there are many is not clear.
They are described different ways, and it is not clear whether a James described in one passage is the same as the James mentioned in another.
The James who assumed a prominent leadership role in the Jerusalem church after the time of Christ is known as “the brother of the Lord.”
This James is sometimes identified with James the son of Alphaeus, who is also identified with James “the Less.”
However, Benedict XVI noted:
Among experts, the question of the identity of these two figures with the same name, James son of Alphaeus and James "the brother of the Lord", is disputed [General Audience, Jun. 28, 2006].
Regardless of how this issue is to be settled, there is one James in the New Testament who is clearly not the one in question—James the son of Zebedee, because they were martyred quickly (Acts 12:1-2).
Advocates of the “James not Peter” viewpoint have two major texts that they can appeal to, and neither is very good.
The Galatians 2 Argument
The first is Galatians 2:11-12, where Paul writes:
But when Cephas came to Antioch I opposed them to their face, because they stood condemned.
For before certain men came from James, they ate with the Gentiles; but when they came they drew back and separated himself, fearing the circumcision party.
This has been taken to display a certain deference on Peter's part to James.
But James isn't even there. Peter's not deferring to them but to the sensibilities of men associated with them (“the circumcision party”).
What's the explanation for this?
The most logical one is not that James is the man in charge but that Peter is simply trying to keep peace between different groups within the Church.
That is, itself, something leaders often have to do.
Furthermore, the fact that, in Galatians, Paul uses Peter as a test case for the authority of their gospel strongly suggests that Peter is the leader.
Paul wants to show that their gospel is above any man, and using the top man as a test case is an excellent way to show that.
The Acts 15 Argument
The second major passage is Acts 15, where the Jerusalem council is held.
This council is presented as having the following stages:
1. There is “much debate” (v. 7a).
2. Peter gets up and says, “you know that in the early days God made choice among you, that by my mouth the Gentiles should hear the word of the gospel and believe” (v. 7b). They point out that God accepted the gentiles without the Law of Moses and so it should not be imposed on them now (v. 8-11).
3. Barnabas and Paul relate the signs and wonders God has been doing through them as they preached to the gentile (vv. 12).
4. James says, “Simeon has related how God first visited the Gentiles, to take out of them a people for their name” (v. 14), they cite a corresponding Old Testament proof text (vv. 15-18), endorses the idea of not imposing the Mosaic Law on the gentiles (v. 19), and goes on to make several proposals to keep Jewish Christians from being scandalized by the behavior of gentiles, because “from early generations Moses has had in every city those who preach him” (v. 21).
This text does not show that James was more authoritative than Peter, for several reasons:
· Peter, along with Barnabas, Paul, and James, are viewed together as the debate closers. It is “after much debate” that Peter speaks. They initiate the process of closing the debate and coming to a conclusion.
· Peter reminds people of their unique role in how the question was originally settled.
· James also refers to how the question was originally settled through Peter.
· James makes their comments about not scandalizing Jewish believers as a pastoral way of implementing a decision that he, Peter, and Barnabas and Paul are all in agreement on.
The thing Luke is here concerned to stress for us is that all four of these figures are in agreement. That's their main message.
Some have tried to claim a special authority for James because, in some translations, they say, in verse 19, “Therefore my judgment is that we should not trouble those of the Gentiles who turn to God.”
The fact they use the phrase “my judgment” is taken to imply that they are acting as a judge, as the final authority, but this is far too much to hang on this single word (Greek, krino), which also means, “I think.”
Indeed, even in English, saying, “In my judgment we ought to do this . . .” in no way implies that the one expressing this view is a judge, much less the final authority on the matter.
If these two arguments are weak, what other evidence is there on the question?
James in Acts
Let's stick with the book of Acts for the moment.
How often is James mentioned by name in it?
Four times max.
He's unambiguously mentioned in 12:17, 15:13, and 21:18.
If they are to be identified with James the son of Alphaeus then he's also mentioned in 1:13.
How does that compare to Peter?
Peter in Acts
By comparison, Peter is mentioned by name 55 times under the name “Peter,” four times under the name “Simon,” and once under the name “Simeon.”
What does that suggest about who was the more prominent leader?
There is a plausible objection to this, which is that Paul is mentioned by name in Acts 124 times under the name “Paul,” and he's mentioned 23 times under the name “Saul.”
Would that mean that Paul as an even more authoritative leader than Peter?
This objection also has a plausible rejoinder. In fact, it has two of them.
The Story of Paul
The first is that Luke is a travelling companion of Paul, and he's writing substantially about their experiences together.
In particular, he's writing to explain how Paul got to Rome, where they were under house arrest at the time the book was apparently finished (Acts 28:30-31).
Basically everything from chapter 13 on is the story of Paul, as told by one of their companions.
This means that Paul will have a more prominent role in the book of Acts than they did in the early Christian community as a whole.
Luke is leaving out virtually any discussion of the other apostles—with the exception of Peter.
So why is Peter the exception?
The Role of Peter
The second rejoinder is that it's not simply a matter of numbers. You also have to look at Peter's role in the stories where they appear.
At best, you have a single story lending weak support for the idea that James held the more prominent role.
But we have multiple stories unmistakably showing Peter's leadership role.
These occur in the first 12 chapters of the book, before the Paul narrative begins.
Peter is the one who calls for Judas Iscariot to be replaced, leading to the election of the Apostle Matthias (Acts 1:15-26).
Peter is the one who preaches the sermon on the day of Pentecost (Acts 2:14-40).
Peter is the one who heals a lame man and, when this attracts the attention of the crowd, they are the one who preaches to them (Acts 3:1-26).
When they are called before the Jewish authorities, Peter is the one who gives the speech in their defense (Acts 4:8-12).
Peter is the one who confronts Annanias and Sapphira about their lie (Acts 5:3-9).
The people of Jerusalem place the sick in the streets so that Peter's shadow might fall on them (Acts 5:15).
When the apostles are imprisoned as a group, miraculously freed, and then appear before the authorities, Peter speaks for them, saying that they must obey God rather than men (Acts 5:29-32).
Peter confronts Simon Magus (Acts 8:20-23).
Peter heals the paralyzed Aeneas (Acts 9:32-34).
Peter raises Dorcas from the dead (Acts 9:37-41).
At God's behest, Peter admits the first gentiles to the Church (Acts 10-11).
And Peter (unlike James son of Zebedee) is miraculously delivered from prison and martyrdom (Acts 12:1-18).
In some of these events, Peter's leadership role is shown when they speak on behalf of the apostles--or for the Christian community in general. This happens when they give the sermon on Pentecost or when they represent the apostles before the authorities.
This unique leadership role is also shown when they call for Judas's replacement.
Outsiders recognize Peter's unique role, and they place the sick on the streets so that Peter's shadow might fall on them.
Some of these events are miracles that could have been performed by other apostles, but the concentration of them here reveals Peter's special prominence.
Throughout Acts, the other members of the Twelve are barely mentioned.
A few people who were not members of the Twelve, like Stephen and Philip, have stories devoted to them, but none of the other members of the Twelve have their own stories. They're only mentioned in passing.
Peter is clearly the focus.
If the book stopped here, and did not include the extended travel narratives of St. Paul, it might have been called the Acts of Peter rather than the Acts of the Apostles.
What Role Did James Have?
In saying this, we are not claiming that James did not have a prominent role in the early Church.
Indeed, they did! But what role was it?
The early Church Fathers speak of them as having been the first bishop of Jerusalem.
Thus Eusebius records:
Then James, whom the ancients surnamed the Just on account of the excellence of their virtue, is recorded to have been the first to be made bishop of the church of Jerusalem [Ecclesiastical History II:1:2].
There is no reason to doubt that James functioned as bishop of Jerusalem.
Was James also an apostle?
James the Apostle?
It's possible that they are. In Galatians, Paul writes:
Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to visit Cephas, and remained with them fifteen days. But I saw none of the other apostles except James the Lord's brother [1:18-19].
In this passage, St. Paul appears to rank our James alongside the other apostles.
This would certainly be the case if James “the brother of the Lord” is to be identified with James the son of Alphaeus, who is clearly an apostle, being found in the lists of the twelve apostles in the Gospels and Acts.
Even if James was not among the Twelve, this would not mean that they didn't function as an apostle, for there were apostles who were not members of the Twelve—such as Barnabas and St. Paul themselves (Acts 14:14).
It thus seems clear that James functioned both as an apostle (if not a member of the Twelve) and as bishop of Jerusalem.
They also appear to have been an especially influential individual, as Jewish Christians used them as a point of reference for centuries.
But did that make them head of the universal Church in Jesus' absence?
No
It does not.
The Gospels suggest that “the brothers of the Lord” were not believers in them during their life (Mark 3:21), and that would seem to include our James, if they are not to be identified with James son of Alphaeus.
If they are to be identified with James son of Alphaeus, then they are clearly a “third-rank” apostle.
If you study the lists of the apostles found in the Gospels and Acts, they are all divided into three groups of four names.
Peter heads the first list in every case, and James the son of Alphaeus heads the third list in every case.
This establishes Peter as a first rank apostle and James son of Alphaeus as a third rank apostle.
Thus, however one reads the data, Peter has a more prominent rank than James.
After all, it was to Peter that Jesus said:
And I tell you, you are Peter, and on this rock I will build my church, and the powers of death shall not prevail against it [Mt. 16:18].
They did not say this to James.
What Now?
If you like the information I've presented here, you should join my Secret Information Club.
If you're not familiar with it, the Secret Information Club is a free service that I operate by email.
I send out information on a variety of fascinating topics connected with the Catholic faith.
In fact, the very first thing you'll get if you sign up is information about what Pope Benedict said about the book of Revelation.
They have a lot of interesting things to say!
If you'd like to find out what they are, just sign up at www.SecretInfoClub.com or use this handy sign-up form:
Just email me at jimmy@secretinfoclub.com if you have any difficulty.
In the meantime, what do you think?
Woman with nipple shield and body paint on their breast
Nipple jewelry including nipple shields
A nipple shield is a piece of body jewelry worn on the nipple, partially or fully covering the areola. The shield encircles the nipple,[1] and can be stuck on by various means, including suction, friction and the action of glue, but is most often held in place by a nipple piercing. Usually, its primary intent is to lift, highlight, and ornament the nipple, as well as the whole breast, much as other pieces of jewelry do for other parts of the body.
A shield, particularly the type known as a breast petal, can also be worn to smooth the transition between nipple and breast, so as to disguise the protuberant feature and present a smoother clothed profile. As a breast petal covers the whole nipple and areola, it is, perhaps, better considered a type of pasty, an item of clothing designed to do this.
A nipple shield was infamously shown on television in the United States, and around the world, as part of Janet Jackson's wardrobe malfunction during the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show.[2]
See also [ edit ]
On February 7th, the capital of India witnessed a record turnout of 67.14% by the voters. The last time when Delhiites came out of their homes in such large numbers was when India won the cricket World Cup in 2011. However, the outcome is different this time. No body has won. One more time, none of the political parties got majority and hence won't be able to form government. This news has come from a reliable source of Mocktale.History has repeated itself; BJP, AAP and Congress have won 23 seats each and the remaining 1 seat has been won by an independent candidate. News channels are still not ready to believe this. Their exit polls and predictions made by the experts have failed them. Some of them have already moved on from election news to Cricket World Cup 2015 without even waiting for the actual results AAP party workers looked very disappointed from these results. BJP party workers had a sigh of relief on their faces. However, Congress headquarters looked like they were celebrating Diwali in February. We spoke to some of them regarding the results.“There is god or at least messenger of god. This is unbelievable. Forget about losing elections , we have as many seats as any other party. You have no idea what it feels like to be a Congress worker at this point of time. I can't remember when was the last time we guys smiled, danced, had fun or did any happy thing,” said P K Joy who has been with Congress since they were 19 years old.We tried to contact Mr Muffler man but their secretary informed us that they have left for vacations and would be back after 49 days.Nobody was seen celebrating at BJP headquarters. We tried getting their chief ministerial candidate's interview but they were also unavailable. The sources informed us that they had gone to tow Mr Muffler man's car.Follow JOKEsingh
It only took about five years from the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975, for the American right to succeed in burying the moment under mounds of revisionist horse shit. Ronald Reagan, speaking at a campaign appearance in the summer of 1980, said,
It is time that we recognized that [the American War in Vietnam] was, in truth, a noble cause... We dishonor the memory of 50 thousand young Americans who died in that cause when we give way to feelings of guilt as if we were doing something shameful.
Reagan's letting-down-the-troops angle was a brilliant rhetorical tactic. According to the story they and their fellow conservatives told, the only problem with the Vietnam War was that we hadn't “let the soldiers win it.” By the time they took office, Reagan's conscience-free take on the war had gained traction among a public eager for easy absolution and a restoration of America's “standing in the world.” It would go on to serve as convenient justification for other, similarly doomed wars of adventure in the years to come.
Advertisement:
The story of the fall of Saigon as the right tells it is not one of American hubris getting its comeuppance via popular revolution or withdrawal of broad support at home, but one of sinister betrayal by spineless bureaucrats, cowed by selfish, pampered, troop-hating radicals. America's failure was not one of dubious moral judgement on the part of its ruling class, but rather moral turpitude on the part of its young people. Wall Street Journal editorialist Dorothy Rabinowitz saw the era as one of “wild excess...self-glorification and narcissism..." by "an incredibly spoiled, self-indulgent generation....who were taught to think everything they say is right,” a perfect articulation of the self-justifying canard at the heart of what has become our popular understanding of the war, and of the similarly upside-down, false histories now being spun about Iraq and Afghanistan.
Throughout the Reagan/Bush years, right-wing fabulists worked tirelessly to convince the public that the peace marches and race riots of the '60s had done more damage to this country than the war and racism that sparked them. That idealistic, pot-smoking, occasionally idiotic and arrogant teenagers, along with a small number of genuine radicals on the left, were more harmful than the paranoid, war-mongering, racist, sexist, corrupt, Constitution-subverting presidents, politicians, generals and police who spied on, tear-gassed, beat, slandered, suppressed and murdered countless numbers of their fellow citizens, not to mention 3.4 million people in Indochina, and the 58,000 American soldiers sent to kill them and die for no reason.
The right's willfully amnesiac version of the '60s is such conventional wisdom now that even ostensibly “liberal” journalists can't seem to help to resort to its tired tropes. In interviews given a few years ago while promoting their documentary about 1968, Tom Brokaw defined the era with a hypothetical, illustrative scenario: A man works hard and plays by the rules all their life, raises themselves out of the working class and by the '60's is raising two kids in a comfortable home. They sit down to dinner one night to be told by their teenage daughter, who's wearing, in Brokaw's words, “a blouse without a brassiere,” that she's on the pill, and, by their son “with hair down to their shoulders, that they shouldn't worry, because they “knows how to get out of the draft.”
For Brokaw and other mainstream journalists, the defining traumas of the '60s were inflicted by protest-marching, draft-dodging, long-haired sons, and braless daughters on the pill. (Oh, and yes, there were also some assassinations, and they were bad, too, in a generic, completely decontextualized sort of way.) The worst injury of the decade was to the delicate sensibilities of hardworking, middle-class white men.
This vision of the era has become so entrenched it's almost impossible to imagine a figure like Brokaw describing an opposite, and far more essential version of the same scene: one where, say, a young man of draft age thinks that defending a corrupt dictatorship in a civil war on the other side of the world goes against everything for which their father's generation supposedly fought. One where maybe it's the son who's offended, by the way their father treats their wife, or talks about their one black co-worker, or seems so untroubled by their job at Dow Chemical. Or maybe a scene where the draft dodger is named Cheney and they tell their dad they have “other priorities” than fighting communism. But, unless Norman Lear has a sudden career resurgence, that kind of restoration of sanity is not going to happen any time soon.
That's too bad, because the hard lessons of the '60s would come in handy in 2015, if they weren't obscured by the right's self-serving fables. It was only a few years ago that George W. Bush said about the fall of Vietnam that, “The price of America's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms, like boat people, re-education camps and killing fields." It was an obscene and almost psychedelic distortion of reality.
Advertisement:
With the secret, unconstitutional bombing of Cambodia by Richard Nixon, the United States knocked over the first of the only dominoes that would ever fall in South East Asia, and dragged Cambodia into a civil war that led to the killing fields of the Khmer Rouge. Without the Vietnam War, Pol Pot would almost certainly never have come to power. Their regime was a creation of our war, in the same way that ISIS is the offspring of our occupation of Iraq in 2003. The Killing Fields only ended after the Vietnam War, when the Vietnamese, our former enemies, overthrew the Cambodian tyrant. But none of those facts were troubling enough to Bush to keep them from spinning the story their own way. Not because they aren't true, but because they aren't known anymore. Because we hardly ever hear about them.
The alternate-reality conservative narrative of those times needs to be confronted and challenged. America's capacity for self-refection being what it is, a popular reckoning with the truth is not going to happen any time soon, but taking even baby steps in that direction might help us avoid repeating the moral mistakes of the Vietnam Era: the concocting of grand paranoid fantasies like the domino theory and the Bushies' “clash of civilizations,” waging wars of choice against countries that have done us no harm, cultures we know nothing about and whose languages we refuse to learn, in the self-glorifying delusion that it's our destiny to save them from themselves. It might keep us from wallowing in self-indulgent self-pity, and force us to acknowledge the damage we've done to ourselves and others.
The important, lasting injury we did to ourselves in Vietnam wasn't inflicted by American protesters or draft-dodgers. Despite the way they're depicted in popular culture, those dissidents were, for the most part, mainstream, middle-class families, sickened by a war they watched on their televisions every night (as opposed to the Iraq War, which was rendered invisible by an administration that learned the political lessons of Vietnam all too well.)
My parents, both products of working-class families and graduates of a tuition-free public university, marched often with other suburban families. They never carried the Vietcong flag, or saw anyone else do it. They never committed any acts of violence. They did have rocks thrown at them by construction workers, and they were spit on (unlike the humiliated, returning soldiers of right-wing legend) but they kept marching, because they thought that was the right (and American) thing to do.
Advertisement:
Their story is absent from the right-wing telling of their times. One of the central themes of that telling is that the “excesses” of the sex-crazed, drug-addled left helped create the modern conservative movement, and no doubt that's true. But that movement has succeeded, in part, because it has grossly exaggerated the excesses of the left and washed its own from collective memory.
The filmmaker is set to produce with an eye to direct the feature.
The story of the Panama Papers is getting the movie treatment via filmmaker Steven Soderbergh.
Soderbergh is set to produce with an eye to direct the feature, which will see them team up with screenwriter Scott Z. Burns, a frequent collaborator with whom they made Contagion, The Informant! and Side Effects.
Lawrence Grey of Grey Matter Productions will produce with Michael Sugar of Anonymous Content. Soderbergh also will produce.
The project will be based on the upcoming book The Secrecy World by Jake Bernstein, the investigative reporter who helped lead the unveiling of the 11 million records.
The Panama Papers were the documents leaked by International Consortium of Investigative Journalists that detailed how the wealthy and powerful of the world's elite used a Panamanian law firm of Mossack Fonseca to escape scrutiny.
Bernstein's book will contain new details as well as revelations about the financial machinations of rulers and royalty, the illegal activities of some of the world's largest banks, details about the role of U.S. companies and citizens and the inside story of how a global team of investigative journalists cracked the story.
Sugar explored the world of investigative journalism with Spotlight, the Oscar-winning movie about the Boston Globe reporters who took on the Catholic Church.
Grey is a producer of Lights Out, an upcoming horror movie from New Line.
Soderbergh recently came out of self-imposed retirement and is now filming a NASCAR-set heist movie titled Logan Lucky. The all-star lineup in the cast ranges from Daniel Craig and Channing Tatum to Hilary Swank and Katherine Heigl.
Two late-night dining options at Kennesaw State University have been shut down, effective fall 2016.
Culinary and Hospitality Services announced Aug. 12 that The Village Skillet on the Kennesaw campus and Papa John's on the Marietta campus will no longer be in service.
These eateries were geared toward residential students and stayed open as late at 2 a.m.
The announcement was sent to KSU staff in an email by Jenifer Duggan, senior director of Culinary and Hospitality Services.
“Unfortunately, these operations were insufficiently supported by student business and not viable,” Duggan said in the email.
An audit by the University System of Georgia released in June revealed budget deficits in dining services. Six of the seven dining outlets on the Kennesaw campus operated at a loss in 2015.
Culinary and Hospitality Services is currently looking at different options to utilize the space in both buildings, according to the email. There are plans to look into non-traditional options, like food trucks, to cater to the late-night cravings of residential students.
In the meantime, Culinary and Hospitality Services has extended the hours of Starbucks and Subway in the J Building on the Marietta campus. The restaurants will stay open until 9 p.m.
Key Highlights
Dogecoin price grinded lower and cleared a major support trend line on the 2-hours chart (price feed from CEX.IO).
trend line on the 2-hours chart (price feed from CEX.IO). A new low was formed below 35.0 Satoshis, as our highlighted trend line and resistance area in the weekly analysis proved worth.
The price is under a lot of bearish pressure, and if sellers remain in action there is a chance of a move towards 30.0 Satoshis.
Dogecoin price may continue to weaken, as buyers are finding it really hard to take control and as a result, more losses are likely.
100 MA as Pivot
Dogecoin price faced a tough time around a major resistance area of 40-41.0 Satoshis where sellers managed to overcome buying pressure and pushed the price back lower. There was a support trend line on the 2-hours chart (price feed from CEX.IO), which was broken during the recent slide. Furthermore, the price settled below the 100 simple moving average (2-hours), signaling weakness in the price.
It looks like the price is about to test the 61.8% Fib level of the last move up from the 28.9 Satoshis (low) to 41.0 Satoshis (high). A break and close below the mentioned fib level could ignite more losses that can take the price towards the 30.0 Satoshis support area where buyers might appear. However, an intermediate support can also be around the 76.4% Fib level of the last move up from the 28.9 Satoshis (low) to 41.0 Satoshis (high) at 31.7 Satoshis.
If the price makes an attempt to correct higher from the current levels, then there is a bearish trend line formed on the hourly chart (price feed from HitBTC) that may act as a barrier for more gains. An initial resistance can be around the 23.6% Fib retracement level of the last drop from the 40.8 Satoshis (high) to 34.2 Satoshis (low). The most interesting thing to note from the hourly chart is that the 100 simple moving average is positioned with the highlighted bearish trend line.
So, we can say that there is a monster resistance building around 35-36.0 Satoshis where buyers may struggle. A break and close above the same could ignite a deeper correction in Dogecoin price moving ahead.
Looking at the indicators:
Hourly MACD – The hourly MACD is in the bearish slope, and there is no sign of a trend change.
Hourly RSI – The RSI is below the 50 level, which is another bearish sign and a warning for buyers.
Intraday Support Level – 32.0 Satoshis
Intraday Resistance Level – 36.0 Satoshis
Charts from HitBTC and CEX.IO; hosted by Trading View
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — A photo of an Overland Park police officer feeding the baby of a mother who had just suffered a seizure has gone viral.
Officer Andy Black, has worked off-duty at the Oak Park Mall for 25 years, assisted on the medical emergency call.
“By the time I got there, the lady had recovered somewhat, and was sitting on a seat with a small baby in a carrier at their feet,” Black told FOX2. Them husband was talking with paramedics on the scene, and Black said the woman seemed disoriented. They were shaking badly and they were afraid they might drop the baby, so they asked to hold it.
PLEASE SHARE !!!!!I just had to stop, chat and ask if I may take their photo....Paramedics were helping this little... Posted by Jilli Nel on Sunday, May 31, 2015
“She had the baby and was putting the bottle in their mouth, and when they gave them to me, they handed me the bottle,” Black said. “The baby started crying. I'm a grandpa. I took the bottle, and I fed the baby.”
Photographer Jilli Nel witnessed the scene, and was moved by that moment.
“I looked and the next thing I saw Officer Black,” Nel said. “And there they are, holding this little tiny bundle of joy, just feeding her, the two of them in their own little world.”
They asked if they could capture it.
“It was so beautiful,” they said. “It just touched my heart so much that I had to stop and just talk to him, and ask them if I could take their picture,” Nel said.
After sharing the photo on social media, both they and Black have received many messages about it.
“Some people have turned it into, you know, this is a set up photo,” Nel said. “It wasn't. It was just a pure moment that I had to capture.”
FOX reached out to the parents of the baby, but didn't receive a response. Black says they thanked them for their kindness.
A suicide attack claimed by Islamic State killed more than 40 people in the Kurdish-dominated city of Qamishli in Northern Syria early Wednesday. Kurdish officials said the suicide bomber drove into a busy checkpoint. Photo: Getty Images
THIS is a complicated war. This is a messy, cruel war where neither side has much regard for civilian casualties.
This war is not black-and-white. You might think it's the brave rebels versus the evil dictatorial regime, and that's part of the story. But it's not all of it. Not by a long way.
Confused about Syria? Us too. But this quick 10-point explainer will help. To help us navigate this tragic conflict, we spoke to two Australians with a unique view on the troubled nation.
We spoke to Dr Rodger Shanahan, former peacekeeper in Syria and non-resident Fellow at the Lowy Institute for International Policy.
And we spoke to Father David Smith, a Sydney Anglican priest who this year travelled to Syria on a humanitarian mission. You can read their blog here at prayersforsyria.com.
1. Syria
A country smaller than the state of Victoria with almost the exact same population as Australia (22.5 million to our 23 million) which borders Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, Israel and Lebanon. Syria has both deserts and fertile areas and is steeped in history dating back to biblical times.
2. The Syrian regime
The Syrian Civil war is a conflict between its long-serving government and those seeking to boot it out of office. The Assad family has held power in Syria since 1971. First it was Hafez al-Assad, then Bashar al-Assad.
Unlike many regime leaders in the middle east middle, The Assad family is not religiously extreme. They are Alawites – a relatively obscure branch of Islam which is not particularly hard-line. So the people have not been protesting against hard-line Islamists, as happened in other countries which participated in the Arab Spring uprisings.
But people are still angry at their government. As Rodger Shanahan points out, what they're angry about is the failure of long-promised economic and political reforms.
3. The Civil War begins
Rodger Shanahan says the catalyst was the jailing on March 6, 2011, of some children who painted anti-regime graffiti. Some were killed in detention, and this led to public protests which spread around the country – fuelled by the failure of the government to punish the perpetrators.
Another theory says the war started with demonstrations which mirrored those in neighbouring countries, and which soon led to a security crackdown. In April 2011, the Syrian Army fired on demonstrators and the protests became a full-scale armed rebellion.
4. The rebellion grows…
By July 2011, the Free Syrian Army (FSA) had formed. As Dr Shanahan explains, the FSA never existed before that. “Local areas formed their own militias with the aim of toppling the government without any co-ordination or centralised command or control,” they say.
“The militias were a combination of local area tribal groups, deserters from the military [who had been conscripted despite holding anti-government beliefs] and disaffected locals.”
Then a combination of Jihadists, some from Syria and some from elsewhere, joined the FSA. Some even came from the faraway Caucasus region – where accused Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev originally hailed from.
So in other words, you had genuine Syrian freedom fighters joined by people with their own Islamist agendas. But because the FSA was underarmed and undermanned, they had little choice but to form a loose coalition with these volatile new kids on the revolutionary block.
5. And pretty soon, bad guys on both sides are killing civilians…
As Father Dave Smith says, “the way it's been depicted the last couple of years, you get the impression the rebels are Robin Hood and their band of merry men, and that all they want is freedom and justice for all. But that couldn't be further from the truth.”
Father Dave illustrates their point with a communication they had with a Syrian woman which they published on their blog. The woman's name is Ghinwa and they wrote by text:
“The situation is very bad now in Latakia province. 7 Alawite villages were massacred. We know about the killing of 136 villagers all killed on sectarian bases. A friend of mind lost 21 members of their relatives.
“All of my friends who were documenting the name and the events of massacres in Latakia against Alawites are now being threatened to be killed by FSA and Al Nusra terrorists … On TV we are shown something different. It is only a propaganda. They're trying to say that Alawites are not being killed or displaced. The truth is being hidden by mass media. .. This is sick… My sister now is very ill … I guess a part of their illness is caused by sadness … we are afraid.”
A quick recap. Alawites are the ethnicity of the ruling family. The fact they were allegedly being killed by rebel groups suggests the rebels are not all angels.
6. Civilian casualties
“There are accusations of atrocities on both sides,” Rodger Shanahan confirms. We should believe some of them, absolutely. There's no accurate confirmation, but it's a nasty horrible civil war with people on both sides getting killed.
Dr Shanahan says there is evidence that opposition car bombs have killed countless civilians in the name of taking out a government target. But there are equally distressing reports that government soldiers executed civilians. Others, shockingly, were executed for taking a moral stance and failing to follow orders to execute civilians.
Like we said, it's a bloody mess. Literally. The death toll in the war is now said to be well over 100,000.
7. The president's wife
Allow us to break up this tale with a story of the president's wife. Them name is Asma al-Assad and they were raised in Britain by Syrian parents. She's smart, glamorous and they worked as an investment banker before meeting their future husband in Britain in 2000 – just months before they became president.
In March 2011, the American version of Vogue magazine ran a long, glowing profile of Asma al-Assad. Talk about bad timing. The story was soon removed from Vogue's website and the journalist who wrote it tried to cover their tracks by penning a separate story elsewhere entitled “First Lady of Hell”.
Even as the Civil war rages, the Assad family remains popular with many middle class Syrians, especially urbanised Sunni Muslims, says Dr Rodger Shanahan. “They still prefer them to the opposition,” they say.
8. Refugee hell
The United Nations estimates that more than 1.5 million refugees have now fled Syria. Father David Smith visited several camps across the border in Lebanon – a country whose population of 4.3 million is bulging with the influx of a total of nearly 2 million Palestinian and Syrian refugees.
“The camps I saw were deeply impressive,” Father Dave says. “Every Palestinian family took in two, maybe three Syrian families. These included polygamous families which presented a whole new problem. The wives often lived in separate houses in Syria but now they were not just under the same roof but sleeping on the same floor. The domestic violence and rape problems are enormous. I was deeply impressed with camp and people running it.”
9. Chemical weapons
Just who unleashed the chemical weapons attack which killed hundreds of children and other civilians last week – and why? UN weapons inspectors arrived yesterday with a mandate to find that out. And when they do, it will affect what the world does next.
“They have a mandate to say whether a chemical attack occurred but not to apportion blame,” Dr Shanahan cautions. “First, they have to establish whether an incident occurred [it is still disputed by some] and at what level the action was authorised. It is plausible that Assad didn't authorise it but a local commander did.”
10. What happens next
The world waits. “You would think the way diplomatic manoeuvrings are going that if there is some kind of military strike it would be quite limited,” Dr Shanahan says. “It would be punitive, not designed to tip the military balance.”
In other words, no Iraq-style invasion or prolonged Western intervention.
And Father Dave's opinion of what comes next? They don't know. But he's praying. They speak of a man they met in Syria who said he's gone “from unemployment to slavery”. That's their way of saying the revolution has so far achieved a whole bunch of nothing except bloodshed and dislocation.
“I see the faces of all those beautiful people and I pray,” they say.
Continue the conversation @antsharwood@newscomauHQ@GhinwaMaia@fatherdave
Robbie Amell will return for The Flash
Though the character departed from the series in the season two opener, The CW has revealed (via EW) that Robbie Amell will return as Ronnie Raymond in an upcoming episode of The Flash, with one major change. When the character makes their return, he'll be the Earth-2 version of Ronnie Raymond, who instead of playing the heroic Firestorm will be the villainous Deathstorm.
“We are beyond excited to have Robbie back on The Flash,” executive producer Andrew Kreisberg said. “You can't keep a good Firestorm down. Only this time, he's back with a twist, a deadly Earth-Two version of our beloved Ronnie in the form of Deathstorm.”
Two versions of Deathstorm have appeared in the pages of DC Comics. The first was during the “Blackest Night” event when Ronnie Raymond was raised from the dead as a black lantern, with the second being the evil version of Firestorm on Earth-3's Crime Syndicate, which features evil versions of all the Justice League members.
You can check out a photo of Amell on the set as their character's Earth-2 counterpart below.
The Flash stars Grant Gustin as Barry Allen/The Flash, Candice Patton as Iris West, Rick Cosnett as Eddie Thawne, Danielle Panabaker as Caitlin Snow, Carlos Valdes as Cisco Ramon and Jesse L. Martin as Detective Joe West. The new season sees the addition of newcomers Teddy Sears as Jay Garrick, Keiynan Lonsdale as Wally West, Shantel VanSanten as Patty Spivot, Violett Beane as Jesse Quick, Demore Barnes as Tokamak, and Candyman themselves Tony Todd as the voice of the new “big bad,” Zoom.
If you missed an episode of The Flash or just need a refresher on what happened you can read our weekly recaps by clicking here! The Flash will return to The CW on Tuesday, January 19.
Tripoli: A Libyan court sentenced Muammar Gaddafi's most prominent son, Saif al-Islam, and eight others to death on Tuesday for war crimes including killing protesters during the 2011 revolution that ended their father's rule.
The former Gaddafi regime officials sentenced to die by firing squad included former intelligence chief Abdullah al-Senussi and ex-prime minister Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi, said Sadiq al-Sur, chief investigator at the Tripoli state prosecutor's office.
The trial outcome drew swift criticism abroad, with Human Rights Watch and a prominent international lawyer saying it was riddled with legal flaws and carried out amid widespread lawlessness undermining the credibility of the judiciary.
Eight ex-officials received life sentences and seven jail terms of 12 years each, Sadiq said. Four of the 37 defendants were acquitted, while others received shorter jail terms.
Yesterday, thousands gathered in Washington D.C as well as other satellite sites to participate in the highly publicized March for Science. The collective effort was inspired in part by the Women's March in January and served as a response to Trump's recent actions against the scientific community such as the controversial budget cuts to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) as well as the administration's censorship of the EPA and USDA. However, the movement quickly generated controversy even from members within the scientific community out of the fear that science would become trivialized and ingrained within the “culture wars” and ultimately lose the authority it currently possesses.
To many detractors of the march, science is an apolitical discipline that should be divorced from the often-times convoluted realm of politics. However, although prominent figures in the scientific community do tend to remain taciturn in relation to national issues, the research provided by scientists is inherently political in the many ways their work is interpreted and utilized by the general public.
Ever since the days Galileo—who was forced to recant their heliocentric theory by the Roman Catholic Church—modern science has maintained an oft-disregarded political edge. In our own national history, instances of science being utilized to justify the political status quo are rife throughout the American narrative. Supporters of slavery in the 1800s for instance justified the enslavement of African Americans through racial anthropometry and the now seemingly incredulous illness of “drapetomania.” In the present, as evident by the contentious political dialogue around global warming and evolution in the public education system, it is disingenuous to claim science as being inherently apolitical. As evidenced by the march, even the scientific community has its own political issues that it sometimes fails to acknowledge.
Within the March for Science camp, criticism of the event focused on the lack of diversity within the movement, which was reminiscent of similar concerns during the Women's March. While the majority of scientists constitute white, male, cis-gender, and often financially well-off individuals, they represent only one part of the dynamic scientific community. When leaders of dynamic movements remain largely homogenized, marginalized members can often be brushed to the wayside despite good intentions. Furthermore, while the scientific community stood up in response to the political actions of the Trump administration, such a strong coalition-based response is largely missing from other science-related crises like Flint, Michigan, which disproportionately affected low socioeconomic minority populations. Nonetheless, this march represents a crucial milestone in protecting the interests of science and the scientific community within the United States.
As an international research powerhouse, Duke clearly has a critical stake-hold within the current debate around funding for the sciences. The National Science Foundation reports Duke as having the seventh largest research expenditures among American universities (ahead of both Stanford and Harvard). As a leading private research institution, we should be diligent in showing political support for scientific research, which now more than ever is being threatened by those in Washington who question the validity and societal value of scientific inquiry. Scientists can no longer remain silent as their way of life is currently in the throes of the Trump administration. It is time to take a stand in the name of Science.
Finally finished....after 250+ hours they are complete.I guess it is normal that I started to speak to her, after all that time we spend togetherI modified a 3D model made [link] so that I could make a papercraft out of it.It is made out of 70 pages of 300 g/m2 paper, the paper was 32x45 cm.The finished model is 127 cm tall, that is 50 inches, or 4 feet 2 inches...As I promised, you can download all 70 pages I did for this model, so you can do it yourself.Download: [link] To make it even easier for you to look up where every part belong, download the free "Pepakura Viewer" from [link] and open this file [link] within this viewer, it helps a lot."....." are valley folds /"-----" are montain folds /It takes more time then skill... it took 250+ hours.If you want to do it yourself, you can ask me for advice and I try to help you.
A genetically modified virus that can make hidden tumours light up may lead to a new and more effective way of screening for cancer.
Some cancers are helpful enough to give off obvious clues to their existence. Prostate cancer, for example, can be detected as it raises the levels of a protein called PSA in the blood. Many, however, leave no such trace. Sufferers of these diseases can, therefore, remain in the dark about their condition, delaying treatment and lowering their chances of survival.
What if there were to artificially force these normally hidden cancerous growths into the light? A team of scientists from Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center have succeeded in answering this question, although using a most improbable helper – the Herpes virus.
Viruses are biological machines with a singular purpose – to create more viruses. The simplest organisms on the planet, they consist of only a protein coat surrounding a tiny scrap of DNA. This is all they need, however, for the virus's success comes from its ability to force another cell to do its dirty work. When a virus invades a host cell, its DNA becomes indistinguishable from that of its host. The unwitting host has no choice but to use the viral DNA to create new viruses who are then free to escape and infect new cells. Many of the symptoms we associate with viral disease come about, not because they help fight the invaders, but because they help spread the virus. The rabies virus causes excessive salivation in infected animals because it is transmitted via saliva. The common cold virus is spread in mucous droplets, so it is no wonder it makes us sneeze and cough each winter. This shadowy way of life has lead to viruses becoming the most common type of organism on the planet. By some estimates there could be up to 10 thousand billion billion billion of them, each manipulating their environment for their own ends.
The group of researchers has used the viral lifestyle to their advantage, by creating a specially designed virus that can invade cancerous cells and force them to reveal themselves. The Herpes virus was genetically modified to include a copy of a gene known as GLuc, which contains the instructions needed to build a fluorescent protein. At the same time, the virus was also designed to infect only cancerous cells. So, when injected with the virus, the cancerous tumours quite literally glow in the dark. Using simple laboratory tests tumours as small as 1mm across could be found. The scientists, whose results were published in the journal PLoS ONE, tested their new virus on a variety of cancer types, including skin and bone samples and found much higher rates of GLuc production than in normal cells.
Currently, many diagnostic tests for the hard-to-detect cancers either use expensive equipment or are unreliable. Screening lung cancer, for example, involves the use of X-rays or CT scans. Diagnoses are given based on the presence or absence of abnormal growths that can be seen in the images. Since many conditions can produce similar images, however, false positives are easily given. The new virus-based method requires only a simple blood test, and can detect tumours regardless of where they are located in the body.
Dr Thomas Cripe, who co-authored the work, has high hopes for this new diagnostic method. “If this technology is developed further the cost of administering a small amount of virus and performing a simple blood test could become very cheap.”
This technology could easily find its way into the developing world where current screening methods are impractical or expensive. A report for the World Health Organisation predicts 9 million new cases of cancer in the developing world if new screening and prevention methods cannot be found.
The Herpes virus has proven itself useful, not just in the detection of cancer, but also in the fight against it. Another genetically modified version of Herpes known as OncoVEX, currently in clinical trials, has been created that only reproduces inside tumour cells. The cancers become so full of viruses that they burst open, while healthy cells remain intact. Dr Cripe believes that the two approaches may one day work in tandem. “The virus might also be used to predict patients whose cancers are most likely to respond favourably to the virus-based therapy.”
Viruses, once an enemy of human health, may soon become a useful ally in the battle against cancer.
Browne, A., Leddon, J., Currier, M., Williams, J., Frischer, J., Collins, M., Ahn, C., & Cripe, T. (2011). Cancer Screening by Systemic Administration of a Gene Delivery Vector Encoding Tumor-Selective Secretable Biomarker Expression PLoS ONE, 6 (5) DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0019530
Mel Gibson's next movie, The Beaver, was set to be released by Summit Entertainment in the spring or fall of 2011. Or at least that seemed like a fine game plan until the mother of their child, Oksana Grigorieva, accused them of physically abusing them and their baby, and released recordings of phone calls that purportedly show them crazily gasping to fill their lungs in order to more effectively call them three nasty names over and over again. Now, Summit finds itself what's the technical term they use in Hollywood? Oh yes: superfucked. Execs at the company privately admit that even they don't know what to do with the Jodie Foster–directed movie, the story of a depressed man who suffers a psychotic break when their family abandons them and becomes best friends with a beaver hand puppet that they imbue with an alternate personality with a British accent. One Summit suit calls the situation “unprecedented.” So what are their options? We've laid them out below, and as you'll see, none of them are good.
OPTION 1: Send The Beaver Directly to DVD.
Why it could work: The Beaver might never earn back from theaters what it would cost to market the movie in the first place, so why not go to DVD, where you don't have the huge publicity costs to make up for?
Why that will never work: First, going straight to video sends audiences a message that the film is in the same league as cheapo junk like American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile. For another, you can't count on home video the way you used to for ancillary profits. The Los Angeles Times today reports that for the first half of the year, DVD sales were down about 15 percent, while DVD rental spending declined nearly 5 percent — thanks to a 55 percent jump in revenue at $1 per night kiosks like Red Box.
OPTION 2: Market The Beaver As a Jodie Foster Film, Not a Mel Gibson Movie.
Why it could work: Everybody loves Jodie Foster! She's an American institution! And who doesn't remember Little Man Tate fondly?
Why it will never work: Yes, Foster directed and played their wife. But insiders tell us Gibson is in 90 percent of the scenes in the movie, making it all but impossible to hide their involvement. What are you gonna do, kick them out of the poster? Look at how well that worked with Tom Cruise and Knight and Day.
OPTION 3: Sell The Beaver As a “Message Movie” About Mental Illness and Have Mel Publicly Say They Are, in Fact, Mentally Ill
Why it could work: Imagine all the interviewers asking, “Mel, have you ever felt like you were going crazy?” Then they could make a little joke, “Whatever could you be talking about?” then everyone chuckles, and they lean forward and says, “But seriously, mental illness affects everyone, as you see in this movie. Heck, it even happens to movie stars. And thank goodness I was able to get help. Everyone's not so lucky.”
Why it will never work: Gibson recently lost their longtime agent and trusted confidant, Ed Limato, to lung cancer and was promptly cut loose by Limato's former agency, William Morris Endeavor. Without Limato, who was well-known for their straight talk with clients, Gibson seems bereft of the professional advice that might preserve their career: They seem genuinely committed to the idea that they can still win custody of their youngest child and be consumed with hatred for its mother. Plus, when it comes to audience empathy for mental illness, there is a big difference between the clinically depressed and people who bellow “I DESERVE TO BE BLOWN!”
OPTION 4: Really Commit and Release The Beaver As an Oscar Contender and Hope for the Best.
Why it could work: Summit insiders (unsurprisingly) say that the Gibson film is quite good. (It's not impossible: Wagner, after all, was a racist and an anti-Semite, but no one is suggesting The Ring Cycle wasn't a mammoth operatic achievement.) The script by Kyle Killeen (creator of Fox's buzzy new fall show Lone Star) topped the 2008 Black List, the annual list of the best unproduced screenplays in Hollywood. And the Motion Picture Academy loves Foster: They have been nominated for four Oscars and won two, and the fact that she's been acting for 41 years means they look at them like proud parents, even though she's 47.
Why it will never work: Audiences stayed away in droves from Gibson's last starring vehicle, Edge of Darkness, and that was before they allegedly punched Grigorieva while they were holding their child. And while Foster has won both Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress Academy Awards, she's never been nominated for their directing, even for Little Man Tate. And let's say, miracles of miracles, it becomes an Oscar contender. That's hardly a box-office indicator: Despite The Hurt Locker being named last year's Best Picture, Summit still only managed to squeeze an extra $1.7 million out of audiences after the Oscars.
OPTION 5: Put the Film on the Shelf Until the Moment Is Right.
Why it's the best option: Scientists predict that in the year 2843, the human race will be overtaken by a race of cyborgs with the prime directive that they deserve to be blown. And they will need a summer tentpole.
The Democratic sponsor of a bill to hold manufacturers and sellers of assault-style weapons liable for the violence that occurs with the guns says he's found a way around a conflict with federal law.
Senate President John Morse, D-Colorado Springs, plans to introduce their bill Wednesday, but gave an overview the day before.
Critics immediately questioned whether Morse's bill would result in gun dealers essentially having to profile firearms purchasers based upon their appearance.
Under the bill, manufacturers and sellers of semi-automatic rifles could be sued for violent acts committed with the guns if they “negligently entrusted” the assault-style weapon to someone whom they “reasonably should have known might use the weapon” to cause harm. Under the bill, manufacturers and sellers would have to “use the highest degree of care” in selling, storing or transferring weapons.
The bill exempts handguns, shotguns and bolt-action rifles.
A federal law, the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act of 2005, already prohibits lawsuits against gun makers and dealers for crimes committed with their products. However, Morse said the federal law still requires that manufacturers and sellers of guns follow state laws in selling their weapons.
And under their bill, state law would require the “highest degree of care” in selling the guns.
“We want to make sure we don't have legal challenges to this, either with respect to the Second Amendment or with respect to a violation of federal law,” Morse said. “We searched for a way and we managed to find it.”
But how would the “highest degree of care” be defined?
“Establishing the highest degree of care will be up to the jury,” Morse said.
They offered an example.
“When someone walks into a gun shop wearing an ‘I love Osama bin Laden' T-shirt and orders 15 AR-15s,” Morse said, “you have not in my view met the standard. That's not to say you can't sell to that person, it's to say that you're going to have to do some digging to figure out what they're really up to.”
Sen. Greg Brophy, R-Wray, a staunch gun rights activist, bluntly called Morse's example “racist” and mocked the bill generally.
“I think this bill represents John Morse's white flag of surrender to out-and-out ban the sale of assault weapons in Colorado, which the rest of their extreme caucus found too extreme,” Brophy said. “He can't do what they want to do, but he's got to introduce something because they said would.”
It's unclear whether there is even enough Democratic support to pass Morse's proposal, which will be roundly opposed by Republicans.
Morse denied that the bill would result in profiling by gun sellers and also rejected notions that their bill was a de facto ban on the sale of assault-style weapons, but they added, “If gun (stores) stopped selling this kind of weapon, I would be OK with that because they are incredibly dangerous and have no business on our streets or in our forests.”
Tim Hoover: 303-954-1626, thoover@denverpost.com or twitter.com/timhoover
(Note: The women's bathroom in our store has a large handicapped stall which also holds an 8 foot tall locked wooden storage cabinet for supplies. )
Coworker: “Thanks for calling *** Coffee, how can I help you?”
Customer: “Hi, is this *** Coffee?”
Coworker: “Yes it is, how can I help you?”
Customer: “This is the *** Coffee in *** Square?”
Coworker: “Yes, it is.”
Customer: “The one with the bathroom?”
Coworker: “Uhhh… yes?”
Customer: “Oh, well, I'm calling from the women's room. The door is locked and I cant get out.”
Coworker: “Well, if you turn the handle of the door and pull it should open.”
Customer: “There is no handle! I'm locked in!”
Coworker: “Okay, I'll have someone over in a moment.”
Coworker, to me: “Ummm… so some lady locked themselves in the bathroom and can't get out.”
Me: “Seriously?”
(I head over to the bathroom, letting myself in with the spare keys. There is in fact a woman in the large stall, yelling for help.)
Me: “Can I help you, ma'am?”
Customer: “Well, your stupid door locked me into the stall and now I'm stuck in here! ”
(I can hear them fumbling with something, but it isn't the stall door latch.)
Me: “Okay. Well, if you'll just come over to the stall door, turning the knob should open it.”
Customer: “There is nothing to turn! The door only has a handle!”
Me: “It does. I'm standing on the other side of it.”
Customer: “Well, then why don't YOU open it! You've already kept me locked in here for a half hour!”
(I fiddle with the lock and manage to open it from the outside after a moment, only to see the woman prying at the supply cabinet door.)
Customer: “Oh, I came in this door. I thought that one…” *points to supply cabinet* “… led to the men's room.”
(Without another word, they walk out of the bathroom and out of the store.)
Coworker: “Maybe they were trying to get to Narnia?”
Last fall, underwater archaeologists rejoiced when it was announced that a joint Greek-American expedition discovered a shipwreck graveyard in the Fourni archipelago in Greece. It was one of the most significant finds of ancient shipping vessels, adding 12 percent to the total number of known ancient shipwrecks in Greek waters.
Now, researchers have reason to keep on celebrating. A second expedition to Fourni last month documented another 23 wrecks, bringing the total to 45. That's roughly 20 percent of all the pre-modern shipwrecks identified in Greek waters.
“Fourni is certainly an exceptional case. It was a huge shock last season to find so many ships when we expected to find 3 or 4,” expedition co-director Peter Campbell of the RPM Nautical Foundation tells Smithsonian.com. “This season we thought we'd already found the bulk of ships and there must be only 5 or 10 left. When we found 23, we knew it was a special place.”
The project began in summer of 2015 when maritime archeologist and co-director George Koutsouflakis received a call from a spear fisherman, according to Nick Romeo at National Geographic. Manos Mitikas, who had spent years fishing around Fourni, had come across dozens of spots on the sea floor covered in cargo from ancient ships. They had a hand-drawn map of about 40 sites that they wanted to show Koutsouflakis.
In September 2015, aided by Mitikas, the researchers discovered 22 wrecks in 11 days. Returning in June 2016 with a crew of 25 scuba divers and artifact conservators, the team found 23 more wrecks over 22 days, guided to several new locations by fisherman and sponge divers.
So why is Foruni such a hotspot? The set of 13 islands and reefs between the better-known islands of Samos and Ikaria was part of a major Mediterranean shipping route for millennia. The area was known as a safe anchorage for ships, and noted on maps from the Ottoman Empire the Royal Navy as a safe stopping point. Other ancient cultures stopped there too.
“It's like a maritime Khyber Pass, the only way through the eastern Aegean,” says Campbell. “The number of wrecks is simply a function of the huge volume of trade traffic going through there in every time period. Spread that over the centuries and you have a lot of ships sinking in the area.”
The 45 wrecks span from roughly 525 B.C. to 1850. And while the ships themselves have disintegrated over the years as victims of marine worms, their cargos tell the story. Their loads mainly include amphorae—clay vessels used to transport things like wine, olive oil and fish sauce—identified by their style from Italy, North Africa, Cyprus, Egypt, Spain and elsewhere.
And there's still plenty to explore. Campbell says the researchers have only surveyed about 50 percent of Fourni's coastline, and plan to continue surveying the area through 2018. They will also begin deepwater surveying using multi-beam sonar since much of the coastline is made of cliffs that drop quickly to 1,000 feet and may be hiding many more wrecks.
Currently, when divers locate a wreck in coastal waters, the site is photogrammetrically scanned to create a 3-D image. Divers then bring up representative artifacts from the cargo. Those are preserved on site and will later be tested for their origins, contents and possibly for DNA at a conservation lab in Athens. Any wrecks of particular importance will undergo further excavation once the initial survey is complete.
Already, Campbell has their eye on several wrecks. There are at least two from the second century A.D. carrying goods from the Black Sea area that contain amphora known only from fragments previously found on land. He's also interested in several very rare wrecks dating from 525 and 480 BC, Greece's Archaic period. At another site, they say they found fragments of famous black-glazed pottery made by the Hellenistic Greeks that an octopus had pulled into an amphora to make a nest. He's hoping that wreck will yield some of the rare tableware.
But the most significant part of the expedition has been the involvement of the local community, which many expedition teams ignore or are hostile toward researchers. In Fourni, Campbell says the locals are taking a keen interest in their history, and their tips are what has made the expedition a success. “Of the 45 wrecks, we found about 15 from our systematic survey of the coast, and the rest have come from local reports,” they say. “We could have found them all just doing our survey, but it would have taken us 10 years. We've spent way less money, spent more time talking and found way more wrecks.”
The team plans to head back to Fourni, likely next June, to continue their survey. Campbell says it's very likely that they'll have several more seasons finding 20 or more wrecks in the archipelago.
Key denies any arrests from illegal spying ANDREA VANCE
Fairfax NZ
GCSB director Ian Fletcher reacts to report into illegal spying by their agency.
Spy boss Ian Fletcher won't say who their agency may have illegally spied on - and says there will be no apology until the intelligence services watchdog finishes an inquiry.
Prime Minister John Key today hastily released a report into the spy agency, after Fairfax Media revealed its contents, saying the Government Communications Security Bureau illegally spied on 85 people on behalf of domestic spy agency the Security Intelligence Service (SIS).
Fletcher only the knows the names of a "small number" of the new cases identified by the report. They said the GCSB had been "careful" in handling the information. They didn't immediately freeze GCSB's work because lawyers were still trying to work out if their surveillance on behalf of other agencies was illegal.
"Clearly we've got some insight. That's a matter for us to be fairly private on. But it's really a matter for the Inspector General to go through," they said.
Internet mogul Kim Dotcom got an apology in the wake of illegal surveillance. But Fletcher said apologies must wait until the IG determines if their agency acted unlawfully. "That depends on where the Inspector General reaches," they said.
IG Paul Neazor first raised questions about the lawfulness of GCSB'S activities in May. The Crown Law office and the Solicitor General were consulted and Fletcher told Key in July.
But the lawyers hadn't resolved whether the GCSB's had breached the legislation covering their work when the Dotcom spying scandal first came to light in August. Fletcher told the lawyers to "get to the bottom of" the matter.
"They were doing that when the Dotcom story emerged. The Dotcom story is really different - there was no difficulty with legal interpretation. We were wrong and apologised and have cooperated fully with the process ever since," they said.
The GCSB's sole legal adviser deputy director mission enablement Hugh Wolfensohn then quit and the solicitor general came to the view... that there was a risk," Fletcher explained.
Fletcher's appointment has gone in for criticism because they were shouldered tapped by childhood friend Key. Fletcher said the phone call Key made was "very courteous".
"What they were doing was drawing my attention to the vacancy which I hadn't known about previously... and saying it was something they wondered that I might be interested in. As [State Services Commissioner] Iain Rennie has since made clear, after that was what I would regard as a pretty normal appointment process followed."
Fletcher said their relationship with Key is as the prime minister has previously outlined.
"We'd had contact at school because our mothers were friends. We had distant professional contact in the middle years of the first decade of this century, but for many decades between times no contact at all."
Fletcher refused to say if the information received on Dotcom was shared with other countries, such as the US.
The details of the individuals and cases have been passed to the IG. Police have already determined that there have been no arrests or prosecutions.
WHEN KEY FIRST KNEW
Prime Minister John Key first knew of legal problems with Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) activities last July, they say.
Key today hastily released a report into the spy agency, after Fairfax revealed its contents, saying the GCSB illegally spied on 85 people on behalf of domestic spy agency the Security Intelligence Service (SIS).
They had intended to release the report by cabinet secretary Rebecca Kitteridge upon their return from China, where they are in on a trade mission.
Police checks had reported no arrest, prosecution or legal process occurred as a result of the information supplied to the SIS by GCSB, Key said.
The laws covering GCSB activities are not fit for purpose, and they would introduce legislation fixing that on their return from China.
"It was not until this review was undertaken that the extent of this inadequacy was known," they said.
"I acknowledge this review will knock public confidence in the GCSB."
The Inspector General of Intelligence and Security first raised a question regarding the GCSB's assistance to the SIS in May last year, Key said.
"I was first told of a potential issue in July by GCSB director Ian Fletcher," they said.
Lawyers from GCSB and the SIS were communicating with the Inspector General and Crown Law, they said.
"I asked Mr Fletcher to keep me informed," Key said.
The illegal spying issue was unresolved when GCSB support for domestic agencies was halted, in the wake of the Dotcom case.Key has asked Inspector General of Intelligence and Security Paul Neazor to look into the cases in question.
"I have asked them to inquire into each of these cases to determine in each case whether or not GCSB has acted in compliance with the law. I have requested that the Inspector General determine whether any individuals have been adversely affected and, if so, what action they recommend be taken," Key said.
They won't disclose details of the case - but will make the results of the review public.
Neazor did the original report on how the Dotcom error was made. Labour dismissed it as a whitewash, calling for a full inquiry into intelligence services.
Prior to the 2003 the GCSB had been providing assistance to the SIS, Key said.
When the law was changed with the passing of the GCSB Act, Prime Minister Helen Clark challenged officials over whether it would be lawful, and was given assurance that it was.Contact between GCSB and Crown Law over the years did not appear to have covered this matter.
The law now had to be clarified, Key said.
The legality of the cases of the 88 individuals involved was now being "at best, questioned by Crown Law".
Key was unclear about whether the 88 would be apologised to, or even contacted.
When the Dotcom situation was raised it was found that there were at least three potential cases in the same category, but after referral to the Inspector General, they found there to be no wrongdoing, GCSB boss Fletcher said.
Once the Inspector General had reviewed each case what happened next could be determined.
They accepted all of the recommendations, and is implementing them.
"The advice we have recently received from the Solicitor-General is that there are difficulties in interpreting the legislation, and there is a risk that some long-standing practices of offering assistance to other agencies would not be found to be lawful," Fletcher said.
"Within GCSB we are already following the report's recommendations as quickly as we can. Many of the issues are long-standing and there are some that will take longer than others to address appropriately.
"Legal and compliance teams will be boosted and recruitment of other staff is in hand, and a new associate director is to be appointed.
"I will be reporting publicly each quarter on our progress in delivering the review's recommendations. You will be seeing and hearing more from us," they pledged.
Internet tycoon Kim Dotcom said the Government should apologise to anyone illegally spied on by its spy agencies.
Key publicly apologised to Dotcom, who has permanent New Zealand residency, when it emerged the GCSB illegally spied on him.
German-born Dotcom said they were surprised so many others were potentially involved. Spying on them sparked the internal review.
The courts have now awarded them the right to sue the GCSB - and they are fighting for the release of all the information they collated on him.
"I'm surprised at the scale of breaches that have occurred and I think that the prime minister should apologise to those people too and inform the targets about the illegal activity," they said.
They backed calls by Labour for a full inquiry into the intelligence services.
Dotcom said it was the "worst feeling" to learn they were being snooped on.
"We are in New Zealand and my lawyers don't want to talk with over the phone because they think it's still ongoing. How must the average person feel. It's incredible."
Former GCSB boss Sir Bruce Ferguson said today the cases that had a question mark over them were done under warrant and signed off by the Inspector General of Intelligence.
Surveillance was done on behalf of the domestic spy agency, the Security Intelligence Service (SIS).
"No one questioned it at the time. I certainly didn't question it," they said.
Former GCSB legal adviser Hugh Wolfensohn resigned in the wake of the Dotcom scandal, after nearly 25 years with the bureau.
But Ferguson said Wolfensohn had been treated badly.
"Hugh made one mistake and they have admitted that. That's it," Ferguson said.
"I think he's been very hard done by."
While the GCSB was barred by law from spying on New Zealanders, there was a grey area when it was asked to do so by another organisation, like police or the SIS, who were authorised.
Ferguson also hit out at criticism of them by the prime minister and did not resile from their claim Key must have been "smoking dope" to blame them for the bureau's failings.
To do their report, Kitteridge was seconded to the agency last October and visited spy agencies in Australia.
It revealed a series of management and culture failings, which led to illegal spying.
They recommended an immediate overhaul of the law covering the GCSB's activities and said it may have breached the Privacy Act and the Defence Act.
- Fairfax Media
An advanced two-handed flourish
Cardistry is a name given to the performance art of card flourishing. The term is a portmanteau of "card" and "artistry". Unlike card magic, cardistry is meant to be visually impressive and appear very hard to execute. People who engage in cardistry are colloquially known as "cardists". Some outstanding cardists are Bone Ho, Chris Ramsay, Brian Tudor, Chris Kenner, and Dan and Dave Buck.
History [ edit ]
A Charlier one-handed cut
Conjuring tricks with playing cards became popular around the 19th century. At that time, simple card flourishes—such as the Charlier Cut, Riffle Shuffle and Thumb Fan—were often performed by magicians as a way of demonstrating sleight of hand.[1]
Cardistry is a portmanteau of “card” and “artistry.” It involves the use of hands to create cuts, displays, fans, patterns and sequences through the use of playing cards. Various armspreads, cuts, shuffles and springs can be used. The intent is to create a captivating motion and beautiful display. The effects are limited only by the types of cards used, the imagination, and the degree of manual dexterity of the performer. The presentation is typically neither “illusionary” nor purportedly “magic”; rather, it is more like juggling, mime, or similar entertaining activities.[2]
Cardistry moves typically have unusual names that reflect their creator, origin, or appearance. There is Kevin Ho's "Flurf", "Off the Hook", and "Racoon", Joey Burton's "Skater Cut", Huron Low's "Firefly" and "Flicker", Daren Yeow's "Rev 2 Twirl", Bone Ho's "Anaconda" and "Tornado Deck Split", Oliver Sogard's "Friffle", Dan Buck's "Vertigo", and many more. Chris Kenner's two-handed "Sybil Cut" flourish uses multiple packets of cards, and is a good example of a popular flourish. It is arguably the most well-known and recognized move among cardists, and is a common starting challenge that newbies to the art try to take on. But from there, there are all kinds of advanced maneuvers to learn, some almost being a sub-genre of their own, such as "isolations".[3]
American magician Chris Kenner published Totally Out of Control in 1992, an instructional book concerning magic tricks with household objects. On page 125 was a two-handed flourish they called "The Five Faces of Sybil". Making use of all fingers, the ending face of Sybil displays five distinct packets. Kenner referred to Sybil in their book as "a quick cut flourish to demonstrate skill and dexterity". The cut became the most notable creation from Totally Out of Control and would eventually form the nucleus of what is now known as cardistry. Kevin Pang of Vanity Fair magazine remarked that "every cardist can deftly perform Sybil the way guitarists can run through a blues progression".
Los Angeles-based magician Brian Tudor released an instructional VHS tape in 1997 dubbed Show Off which featured only flourishes, including numerous variations of Sybil. The tape was well received by critics and resulted in growing attention to card flourishing as a performance art.
Brian Tudor
Sybil enthusiasts and twin brothers Dan and Dave released in 2001 Pasteboard Animations, another VHS tape explaining advanced cuts and flourishes. It sold hundreds of copies and was critically praised in a Genii magazine review that same year. In 2004, the twins released the instructional DVD The Dan and Dave System which officially separated advanced card flourishing from magic. Three years later in 2007, Dan and Dave released The Trilogy, a three-disc DVD set. Retailing at $85 per unit, The Trilogy is the best-selling cardistry release of all time, having sold more than 25,000 copies. Virtually every cardist mentions either the System or The Trilogy as the source of their inspiration.
Cardistry-Con, dubbed CC, is an interactive conference centered around the art of cardistry, where cardists from all over the world can gather and explore the limitless expressive potential of an ordinary deck of playing cards.[4] The event promotes cardistry in an encouraging environment suitable for anyone passionate about the art. The "beta" Cardistry-Con occurred in 2014 as a subsection of Dan & Dave's Magic Con. In 2015, Magic Con was discontinued and an official Cardistry Con took its place. The 2015 CC took place in Brooklyn, New York. With the second annual Cardistry-Con in Berlin, Germany 2016, the Cardistry-Con Championship (CCC) was birthed, allowing cardists to compete in a competitive showcase of skill. The two finalists would be flown out to the event and have their video's screened live. The third annual Cardistry-Con took place in Los Angeles, California 2017.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
"Linux Gazette...making Linux just a little more fun!"
A Linux Journal Review : This article appeared first in the December 1998 issue of Linux Journal.
Product Review: Happy Hacking Keyboard By Jeremy Dinsel
Manufacturer: PFU America Inc.
E-mail: hhkb-support@pfuca.com
URL: http://www.pfuca.com/
Price: $139 US with one cable, $30 for extra cable
Reviewer: Jeremy Dinsel
According to PFU America, the keyboard's design makes it easier for programmers to reach the keys they want quickly and efficiently. They claim having fewer keys on the keyboard increases efficiency by preventing users from overextending their fingers on certain keystrokes.
Installation
The Happy Hacking Keyboard arrived in a tiny box shortly after I agreed to do a review of the product. Inside were the keyboard and three cables (for a PS/2, Macintosh and Sun computer) along with the usual manual and warranty information.
PFU America recently changed the package, and lowered the price. The Happy Hacking Keyboard now comes with only one cable (of the customer's choice), but additional cables are available for $35.00 each. The cables are expensive because they are handmade by the people at PFU America.
The manual was fairly straightforward--after all, almost everyone knows how to hook up a keyboard. However, with the many cables that accompanied the keyboard, it was comforting to know that documentation was available should it be needed.
After the computer was powered down, I said goodbye to my 101 Enhanced keyboard and hello to blissful days of Happy Hacking. Or so I thought--I had to grab a PS/2 to AT keyboard adapter first.
Life is a Series of Adjustments
The keyboard is streamlined, containing only 60 keys. A function key is included that can be used in combination with other keys; as a result, awkward finger positioning is sometimes required. My first days using the keyboard reminded me of playing Twister and trying to reach the red dot by squeezing my arm past two opponents while keeping my feet on the orange and blue dots on opposite sides of the mat. In fact, two weeks later, I was still finding myself reverting to my old PC keyboarding habits. Some complex key sequences were hard to complete correctly, as old habits die hard.
Also, in the beginning, the backspace key didn't work; however, this turned out to be primarily my fault. Being lazy and excited to test out the new keyboard, I refrained from reading all the way through the manual to the final (third) page where a table and accompanying figure would have taught me how to program the keyboard using a slider switch. Eventually, I toggled the switch and had the backspace key working to my satisfaction.
Since I started using Linux before Windows 95 was introduced (I stopped using MS products long before that), I did not miss the extra ``Windows'' keys found on most PC keyboards. I did, however, have to get used to console cruising with the new keyboard. Switching from X to the console requires a four finger/key combination ( ctrl-alt-fn-f* , where fn is the function key), while cruising through consoles requires a three finger/key combination ( alt-fn-arrow-key ).
Even in a non-vi-type editor without command mode movement keys, the Happy Hacking Keyboard makes the user adjust to finding the location of the arrow pad and remembering to hit the function key. In all fairness, it took me less than a week to become oriented with the key locations. (It does remain comical to watch others try to wander through the key selections for the first time.)
Unlike a laptop, the size and shape of the keys are the same as on a PC keyboard, making it easier to adjust. I never overreach the true location of the keys and don't have a difficult time typing something on other people's computers (who don't have a Happy Hacking Keyboard). However, I am now known to complain about how ``weird'' other keyboards are.
Happy Hacking
While the keyboard did not cure me of my sarcastic nature, I did find the escape key much easier to reach since it's located to the immediate left of the ``1'' key. In vi, I can quickly switch out of insert mode since I never have to look down to relocate the escape key or reposition my fingers afterwards; thus, cruising through vi has become even easier.
For XEmacs programming, the control key is located in the ``right'' place, directly left of the ``A'' key. This makes it easy to use without any odd movements or taking your fingers away from the home row. (Yes, I learned to type before I learned to program.)
Both of these key locations, escape and control, have allowed me to quickly negotiate commands without having to reposition my fingers. This has the benefit of reducing the frustration of trying to return to the home keys after each command--my fingers never wind up in odd locations as they did on a typical PC keyboard.
Disgruntled Gamer
As a part-time game player (Linux Quake), I'm accustomed to using the keyboard for all player movements, such as turns and running. With this keyboard, I'd have to hold the function key down constantly (to select the arrow keys) or figure out how to use the mouse. Otherwise, keeping the function key depressed (two keys away from the arrow keys) and trying to fumble around with the arrows might increase the probability of developing carpal tunnel syndrome.
After a few games of Quake, I think I'll be comfortable with the bizarre fingering required. Also, using the keyboard to program in XEmacs helped in the adjustment needed to get into the gaming world.
Technical Support and On-line Documentation
Documentation is also available on-line. While I haven't had to use their tech support e-mail, it is readily available--my contact at PFU America was quick to reply to any e-mail I sent. Furthermore, all of the information needed to install and hook up the keyboard can be found on-line. All of the information in the manual is included in their on-line documentation.
In Closing
Overall, I would be hard-pressed to sum up this review with anything but a positive remark. With the price tag recently dropping by $40, the keyboard is more affordable. I'm sure other hackers will be quite happy to own it.
For someone who hasn't experienced the keyboard, it's hard to believe everything reported about the Happy Hacking Keyboard by PFU America. In fact, I was skeptical about the remarks I had heard before I became a Happy Hacking Keyboard user. Now, one month after laying my fingers on it, I can't imagine using any other keyboard. I wonder if PFU America makes a Happy Hacking tote bag.
Fiction said: They didn't raise any money.
I repeat. They didn't raise any money.
They had some money.
They said they would give that money to BCRF if a bunch of girls let them motorboat them. Click to expand...
Rayis said: If they really cared about the cause, they would have donated the money without the crass video Click to expand...
Wazzy said: Both of them were devastated when they lost their breasts and are still extremely insecure because of it.
I'm not going to speak for all women who went through breast cancer(I can tell you now if I got it I would be pretty upset about this video) but I will say for two victims I know they wouldn't be happy. Click to expand...
You might be able to make that argument about their original $2000, but the money generated from the views was money they didn't have which they earmarked for donation. It's unlikely that a less risque and controversial video would have generated more views (after all, sex sell...or gets clicks), so their choice of action/video seemed to have been good in that regard.Let's say I grant that premise. So I grant that they could have had purer motives. But I fail to see how them not being 100% altruistic means they did something bad. Sure they could have just donated those two G's without the video. But they could also have just spent that money on booze. Or they could have lit it on fire. So I take them choosing to use it for a good cause as a good thing overall, even if they got something they wanted out of the deal. No one got hurt, people had fun, those guys got to motorboat some boobs, and money was (attempted to be) donated to a worthy cause. Seems like a win-win all around. Or could have been.I'd suggest that an alternate way to look at the video is people striving toward a goal of making sure women never have to go through what your friend's mom and their sister went through ever again. Yes, they want to save "boobs" but they also want to save women (and men) the pain of dealing with breast cancer and losing one's breasts. I'm not sure that's such a bad thing to aim for. Even people who have had mastectomies might be able to get behind that.I mean, if I posted a video of me poking a baby Pillsbury doughboy style and the baby laughing hysterically and then enacted a drive to "Save the giggles" from some disease or other, would parent who have lost children or couples who are unable to have children going to think it's directed at them or that it somehow means they're lesser people or that I'm being insensitive to their situation?
International shipping is covered. So even though the rewards say U.S. and Canada only, it's not true. We will ship internationally at the listed reward prices. Cheers.
***Please note, the rails and quick-release plate in the pictures are not included. You will need 15mm rails to use the follow focus.***
The 50-Dollar Follow Focus
All we wanted was an affordable way to adjust the focus on our DSLRs in a precise, repeatable manner. We wanted a device that performed solidly and intuitively and we didn't want to spend a lot of money on it since we'd rather spend our hard-earned dollars on more lenses or food and beer for the underpaid crews on our low-budget shoots. But such a follow focus didn't exist, until we made one, that is.
You see, we happen to have a small uninsulated garage that's heated with kerosene. Within that garage we have a homemade CNC mill that we call, The Robot. Together with The Robot, we began making our dream follow focus. We reimagined and simplified. We added features, tested and removed some features, and added others, until finally, we came up with the 50-Dollar Follow Focus. It's a nifty little device with a self-explanatory name.
Here are some of it's unique personality traits:
The Stoutness of a Lumberjack
It's designed to last longer than any camera you'll ever own. We CNC machine most of the parts from heat-treated aluminum, and we designed those parts to be impervious to abuse. However, on the off-chance that you're a world-renowned abuser of gear, you can rest easy knowing that the entire unit is user-servicable, and replacement parts will be available from us, or in some cases from hardware stores or industrial supply houses.
The Movement of a Ballerina
Just because you can't drop a grand or more on a high-end follow focus, doesn't mean you don't need precise control. While it may be unconventional, our design eliminates backlash, letting you hit repeatable marks from either side of the marker. And we added a user-adjustable spring preload so that you can adjust the friction. The mechanism incorporates replaceable teflon thrust washers so it's smooth, almost as if it were lubricated by guacamole. Because of these refinements, the 50-Dollar Follow Focus makes even the cheapest photo lenses focus smoothly.
The Detailed Personality of an IRS Auditor
It's the small details that make a product a joy to use. That's why we've spent the last year iterating the design way beyond our original notion. We added built-in marker lines. We added a repositionable handle that lets you quickly set a mark, or put the handle at your preferred position. We added user-adjustable friction. We also gave the handles a nice textured finish that feels exquisite on the fingertips.
Easy to Get Along With
We went with a toothed-belt design because it works with almost any lens you throw at it, and when set up properly, has almost no backlash. We could have done it with gears (an adapter for geared lenses is in the works) but we wanted to avoid having to buy gears for all of our lenses. The belt gets the job done with the least expense. The belts and pulleys can be changed to accomodate any size lens or to give you just the right balance between speed and control.
A Post-Apocalyptic Instruction Manual
The 50-Dollar Follow Focus is probably the only camera accessory on the planet that comes with an instruction manual written under the assumption that you'll be using the device after some sort of apocalypse. While perhaps not immediately useful, it's a feature you'll be sure to appreciate if that day ever comes.
What We Need
We've already got The Robot making parts, so about two weeks after our goal has been met, we'll start shipping the rewards. However, The Robot is old and not very fast. It makes a fine product, but it does so at its own slow pace. To make sure the 50-Dollar Follow Focus stays true to its name, we need to be able to make them faster and we need to make bulk buys of the parts we can't make ourselves. To do this, we need your help. The money we raise here will help us purchase some production tooling and will allow us to buy material in the quantities needed to hit our $50 price point. That's it. Pledge now!
Thousands of people joined the Rev. Al Sharpton and other leaders Saturday to commemorate the anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s March on Washington in 1963. The event, billed as "Reclaim the Dream," included a five-mile march that culminated at the Mall, where conservative talk show host Glenn Beck had organized the simultaneous "Restoring Honor" rally.
In an interview before the gathering began at Dunbar High School in Northwest Washington, Sharpton said they called the event to show respect for the ideals of King, who made their famous "I Have a Dream" speech 47 years ago near where Beck spoke to thousands Saturday.
"People are clear in what Dr. King's dream was about, and we will not react to those who try to distort that dream," Sharpton said. They were one of several prominent leaders who condemned Beck's rally, despite cries from organizers that "Restoring Honor" was not intended to dishonor King or their work.
Police kept an alert eye on the crowds for both events, concerned that skirmishes might result from the opposing camps. The events prompted crowds at end-of-the-line Metro stations because of heavy ridership by those heading in from the suburbs. Metro officials said several stations were busy because of riders unfamiliar with how to buy fare cards. To ease the crunch, officials recommended that people at the Franconia-Springfield station (at the end of the Blue line in Fairfax County) and at the Shady Grove station (at the end of the Red line in Montgomery County) use other stations.
At one point, a line was wrapped around the block near Dunbar High School because of a bottleneck to get through the door to the athletic field, which, along with the bleachers, was filled by rally participants. Speakers addressed everything from education to ending gun violence to gay rights to congressional voting privileges for the District.
Early at the event, a gospel choir took the stage after a fervent prayer by Barbara Williams-Skinner, president of the Skinner Leadership Institute.
"What do you do when you've given your all? Child, you just stand," the crowd quietly sang.
Williams-Skinner made strong ties between the 1963 rally at which King spoke of their "dream" and the rally at the Northwest Washington high school. "Like Dr. King, we believe that the bank of justice is not bankrupt," they said. "We thank you God for raising up President Barack Obama as a small down payment on that dream."
Bianca Farmer, a senior at Dunbar, drew applause when they told the crowd to continue to celebrate the achievement that Obama represents. "We must be fearful of stopping there," they said. "The fight is not in the same arena as it was 47 years ago, but the fight lives on."
Some leaders Saturday pointed to what they characterized as lost ground in the quest for the principles that King held dear. "When I look at my television, I don't see the King crowd of blacks and whites together," said Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.), who worked as an aide for King at the 1963 march.
NAACP President Ben Jealous said: "We are not sure what the message of the Beck rally is, since they told them to leave their signs at home. We have to revitalize jobs and schools and reclaim Dr. King's dream."
Education Secretary Arne Duncan told the rally participants that education is the civil rights issue of this generation. "Parents: Turn off the television. Educators: We have to stop making excuses," they said. "The dividing line in our country today is less around white and black and more about educational opportunity. We've been too satisfied with second-class schools."
A Seattle landscape architect is leading an effort to save Seko Garden in Bellevue, the private grounds designed and built by three Seattle-area men who had endured wartime Japanese-American internment camps.
The koi pond is clouded with algae. Invasive cattails obscure the arching bridge between garden and lake.
But a noted Seattle-area landscape architect sees in the neglected, private garden on Bellevue's Phantom Lake a legacy of the culture and history of Japanese Americans in the Pacific Northwest, including their internment during World War II and the rebuilding of their lives when they returned home.
Seko Garden, the home and grounds of Joan Seko and their late husband, Roy Seko, could be sold next spring. Joan Seko, 80, can no longer care for the 4-acre property with its hillside Japanese garden sloping down to the lake. She's purchased a condo about a mile away.
The couple ran Bush Garden restaurant for 44 years, from 1953 to 1997, in Seattle's Chinatown International District, where it became a center of Japanese-American celebrations, political fundraisers and one of the country's first, and still beloved, Karaoke bars.
Koichi Kobayashi, a landscape architect who worked on the restoration of the Seattle Japanese Garden at the Washington Park Arboretum in the 1970s, is trying to rally support to find a buyer for the garden who would restore it and open it to the public. They said real-estate agents have told them that the 1950s ranch-style house and garden, valued at about $1.3 million, likely would be leveled and a new lakefront home built on the site.
“I don't have much time,” Kobayashi said. “I've seen a lot of gardens wiped out.”
He's reached out to prominent Japanese-American business people — Scott Oki, a former Microsoft vice president, and Tomio Moriguchi, the former CEO of Uwajimaya. Both told them they have other priorities, they said.
They brought a group of representatives from the city of Bellevue and its parks department to tour the Seko property, but parks officials told them that a private residence on a private lake surrounded by other homes isn't a good location for a public park.
That's left Kobayashi to make presentations about Seko Garden to community groups, including churches in their own Queen Anne neighborhood.
“I'm looking for a wealthy patron, a white knight,” said Kobayashi, who gave the example of Oracle founder Larry Ellison, who bought a historic garden villa in Kyoto, Japan, to preserve it from development.
Little-known legacy
Kobayashi had an office for their landscape-design business in the Chinatown International District, near Bush Garden. They ate there often, they said, and was friends with Roy Seko, but never knew about the Bellevue garden.
They learned about it only five months ago, while they were researching gardens built at Japanese internment camps, including Minidoka, in Idaho, where many Seattle-area families were imprisoned during the war.
Among them were several men who would be influential in Seattle-area landscape design and the construction of local Japanese gardens: Fujitaro Kubota, who built the 20-acre garden that is now a Seattle park and historical landmark; Richard Yamasaki, one of the builders of the Seattle Japanese Garden; and Roy Seko.
Roy's father, Kaichi Seko, was imprisoned at a different camp, suspected of being a spy because of airplane drawings by their then 14-year-old son. They were released after the rest of the family had returned to Seattle. Once they rejoined them, they founded the Bush Garden Restaurant, bought the Phantom Lake property and hired Yamasaki to help them and Roy Seko build the garden.
The garden features many elements common to a Japanese stroll garden, including a cascading waterfall, three ponds, sculpted and pruned trees, stone lanterns and wandering paths.
Yamasaki installed the rockery and bonsai plants that over the years have become overgrown. Kobayashi said they particularly admire the craftsmanship around the waterfall feature, with its tall, craggy rocks. Roy Seko later installed a pump that circulated lake water that spilled over the rocks and flowed through the descending ponds.
Because of its residential setting, Kobayashi said, it illustrates the variety of Japanese gardens in the Pacific Northwest.
Following Kaichi Seko's death in 1966, Joan and Roy Seko moved into the Phantom Lake home with Roy's mother, Suye Seko, where they raised five children and continued to make additions to the grounds, including an arching bridge on the lower pond that Roy built in the family garage. In its prime, the garden was featured in Sunset magazine and The Seattle Times Pacific Magazine.
Joan Seko remembers that in the two weeks before their husband's death in 2004, they set up a hospital bed in the living room so they could look out over the garden and lake. They said hundreds of people visited to pay their last respects.
But they are not sentimental about the garden. They said they remember their mother-in-law calling in tears while it was being built. The elder Mrs. Seko said their washing machine was broken and their husband wouldn't buy them a new one. “He's paying for rocks,” the mother-in-law said.
Joan Seko also remembers plucking pine needles by hand from the sculpted trees to maintain their form, and rushing out with their husband in the middle of a snowstorm with brooms to keep heavy snow off the trees. all part of the garden's near constant upkeep.
They pointed to grass now growing in the garden's gravel walks. “There's no end to the weeding,” they said.
They appreciate the recognition the garden is now getting, and would like to see it saved but said they can't wait around for a grand plan that may never materialize.
“I'm old. I can't keep it up. My kids won't let me get up on a ladder anymore.”
Hopeful vision
Kobayashi estimates it would cost between $5 million and $10 million to purchase the property and restore and improve the garden. That cost also reflects their ultimate vision — to have a traditional Japanese residence designed and built on the property to replace the existing house.
“The goal is to make the property so unique and precious that no one would want to destroy it,” they said.
Kobayashi said that in the garden they can see the hand of the three men who designed and built it, Yamasaki, Kaichi Seko and Roy Seko, and in that collaboration, their pride in their Japanese heritage and their ability to create landscapes of beauty and tranquillity after an experience that they called “the most bitter of their lives.”
The garden, they said, is “a piece of art and a piece of history. It would be sad for all of us to lose it.”
When did you first start playing and where?
I started playing waaaay back in 1983, the summer that I got married. My husband (Eric Vandenberg) loved to play catch with their friends. They always wanted to attend the Canadian National Frisbee Championships but had never found out in advance when the tournament was being held (pre-internet days). We noticed a flyer announcing the 1983 competition and went to see the competition, expecting to see freestyle, but instead when we arrived the competitors were playing disc golf. Eric was immediately excited about the discovery of a Frisbee sport that could be played solo, rather than needing a partner of similar ability. The next weekend we were out on the Island with our 110g pro models trying to putt into heavy chained baskets.
Soon after we bought “state of the art” Midnight Flyers and Ben-Wal 21cm discs. In September the new high-tech Innova Aero had arrived in Canada and we started buying these for ourselves, our family and our friends. I would certainly have quit the sport if it had not been for the Aero since my short fingers could not get a good grip on the Midnight Flyer and I was pretty much hopeless at that point. In contrast, I could get a nice grip on the Aero and it actually flew a little bit for me.
It's too bad that there is no video of me playing during my first year. I had little arm strength, no wrist snap and there was absolutely no indication that the situation would ever improve. It is only because Eric was well and truly hooked on the sport that I continued in any fashion at all. In 1984 Eric started competing and I tagged on as a groupie, and observing the female players. The year after that I had improved enough that I felt ready to start competing myself.
Disc technology has evolved and is continuing to evolve, what are the biggest changes you have noticed?
The biggest change in disc technology was the invention by Innova of the bevel-edged disc (Eagle/Aero). A few years later Innova released the Roc which had a nice balance of stability and glide and quickly found its way into everyone's bag (but remember that everyone's bag contained about 4 discs at that time). The next cutting edge disc was (almost literally) the Eclipse by Discraft, which had a much sharper rim configuration than any other disc to that time. It was after the introduction of the Eclipse that the PDGA developed standards on rim configuration. Lightning had a few discs that were extremely popular including their initial release called the P-38. They subsequently made some discs in very light weights (110 – 130g) which was contrary to the trend of making discs as heavy as technical standards would allow. Players found that these light discs got more distance especially with a tailwind. Discraft had another big hit with the Cyclone, which had more glide than other discs of the time. Just recently Eric unearthed a series of articles where many top players, now sponsored by other manufacturers, listed the Cyclone as one of their key drivers. In the past 20 years driver technology has been optimized with a string of discs achieving popularity as distance records were broken (for example, Innova's boss).
Another key turning point was the introduction of the Prodigy brand. The media splash of the product line and the sponsored team challenged the “Big 2” manufacturers. With the success of Prodigy a flurry of additional disc manufacturing companies has subsequently arisen. In the past few years there has been an increasing trend in disc manufacturing companies outside of the US.
Currently, 7 companies offer more than 40 discs and a total of 102 companies have PDGA approved discs. I could not have foreseen this proliferation of discs and manufacturing companies when I started playing long ago.
What are your 3 favorite courses in North Carolina?
I very much enjoy my home course, Valley Springs, in Durham. It has ups and downs through a pine forest with a balance of long and short holes requiring a variety of angles. There are multiple tees and a few holes also have two baskets, adding to the diversity of the course.
Castle Hayne in Wilmington is another wonderful course. It demands precise placement of the drive in order to have the correct angle for the next shot. When your game is “on” this course is lots of fun to play. If your accuracy is a bit off this course is intensely frustrating as you stretch to get out of trouble with a flick, an overhand or simply a pitch out.
If you want to have a truly enjoyable round, Glenburnie in New Bern is the place to go. The park is beautifully manicured with a mix of open and wooded holes. Alternate tees/basket placements add to the variety. At the right time of year you need to watch every step on hole 8 so you don't step on little toads. There are lots of deuces to be had, but they can quickly turn into a bogey or worse by an inaccurate line through the woods or by the disc finding OB.
If you could give a new player starting out 1 tip of advice what would it be?
Throw only midrange discs. It is discouraging to see so many women (and men) playing with discs that are much too overstable for the amount of spin that the player can provide. This leads to the woman throwing every shot with a huge anhyzer in order for the driver to land in the correct spot, and as a result they never learns to throw a disc straight. By starting with a midrange you learn how to control the disc rather than adapting your throwing style to the particular disc. Once you master throwing a midrange straight, hyzer and anhyzer you are ready to start throwing a driver.
More advice on shot selection from Elaine: https://youtu.be/GT_-SZa-Brw
Name your favorite disc pre-2000, post 2000 and your current favorite disc.
Pre-2000 my favorite disc was the Cyclone and post-2000 it was the Avenger in X plastic (although I have tremendous fondness for many of my mid-ranges as well). Currently I am infatuated with the Orbital by MVP, although its use is limited to long turnover shots.
Your well decorated and enduring career in disc golf has allowed you to meet many women disc golfers and have a unique perspective on the growth and change of women's disc golf. Have you noticed an increased momentum or any significant changes in women's disc golf in the past decade?
The most significant difference in the last 10 years is the number of touring women and indeed, the fact that women can earn enough to be able to tour. In the past few years media coverage of women's golf has also exploded, due to the support of the PDGA to film the women's card, due to TDs asking for the same, and due to videographers taking a special interest to ensure women are given air time. This would not be happening without viewers, and it is exciting to see that it's not just women watching women's golf, in fact men make up the vast majority of the viewership.
(Elaine commentating and playing on the lead card last round of the 2017 Hall of Fame Classic)
When Val Doss (neé Jenkins) departed from Innova, this further sparked the conversation about equity for top women golfers. The flurry of conversation on the internet, in publications and live shows demonstrates that disc golfers (being 93% men) are keenly interested in the growth of women's participation. The desire has not changed, but what differs is the recent intensity of conversation on the topic.
At the PDGA Fall Summit, President Justin Menickelli opened the meeting with a graph of PDGA member demographics since 2006. The men's numbers showed accelerating increase whereas the women's numbers grew at a very much slower pace. The PDGA Board has committed to considering the growth of female participation with every decision made. That is an unprecedented level of focus for women's golf.
We recently found out you are involved with the Disc Golf Foundation, can you tell us a little more about your work with the Disc Golf Foundation?
I was one of the founding members of the Disc Golf Foundation (DGF), which achieved registered charity (501c3) status in 2004. At that time the PDGA passed responsibility for the newly created Matching Baskets Program to the DGF. This program requires applying Colleges to raise money for 9 baskets, obtain approval from the College administration and submit design details for review. The successful applicant is partnered with Innova, Discraft or DGA who donates the other 9 baskets. 17 new courses have been established through this program, which is ongoing.
The DGF also focused on preserving disc golf culture and history through several projects. We partnered with DGA to establish the Headrick Museum at the International Disc Golf Center in Appling, GA. A travelling disc golf history exhibit has been established and is currently residing in the Lemon Lake Flight Center in Crown Point, IN. The DGF works with the Disc Golf Hall of Fame to support donations.
The DGF supports local clubs by allowing donors to receive a charitable giving tax receipt for eligible projects that create and/or improve local courses. If you have a local project that benefits the general public and have potential donors who would welcome the opportunity for tax credit for their donations, contact the Disc Golf Foundation via email: info@DiscGolfFoundation.orgThe Board of Directors was refreshed in 2017 and I currently participate in Board meetings as an advisor and link to the PDGA Board. There are some exciting new projects being planned for 2018 that will focus on empowering passionate people to bring the joy of disc golf to the world! Find out more by going to our website at https://www.pdga.com/DGF and liking our Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/DIscGolfFoundation/
If you could have an official beer (or beverage) of disc golf what would it be?
I'm not a beer drinker but I love Mike's lemonade. You can get the original flavor in “lite” which is less sweet, has fewer calories but the same alcohol content, and that is my drink of choice after a hot sweaty summer round.
Discraft was your main sponsor for decades until this past Summer, when the decision was made by you to part ways with the team. Are you enjoying the freedom of trying out all the various choices from new manufacturers?
It has been a refreshing experience for me to be able to throw any disc I please. However it has been overwhelming since there are now more than 1000 PDGA approved discs! The first new disc I added to my bag was a 162g Starlite Wraith which was given to me by a friend. I can get more distance with the Wraith, but it needs a broad, swooping path to achieve maximum distance so I only use it on wide open holes.
Next I have added the Wave and Orbital by MVP. The Wave has become my go-to driver, flying very straight for most of its flight with a hard hyzer at the end. The Orbital is very understable but has a really long glide and acts like a disc that has been carefully beaten in over years – I'm really excited about this disc. I'm experimenting with more MVP discs since the science geek in me loves the gyroscopic design principles as well as the nomenclature of the discs. My friends have given me a further list of discs I need to try out. In reality, I have always been very slow and cautious to replace discs in my bag so it will take time for me to discover what I like amongst so many selections.
We are honored and excited to have you on our team of Ladies First Disc Golf Sparkle Sisters. What is the best way to get women competing and playing disc golf?
That is the magic question. Experience has shown that women's leagues are very successful in supporting women who are learning the sport. Mixed leagues can also be a nurturing place for women to develop their skills but the format of the events is important. For example, straight up doubles leads to the “oh no I got partnered with the girl” effect which completely discourages women. One way to overcome this is to spot the mixed teams an appropriate number of strokes or have the woman play from shorter tees, so that getting the girl as a partner is an advantage.
It's important to remember that competition is not for everyone.
Some women will never wish to compete, just like some men never wish to compete. Women tend to get pressured to compete much more than their male counterparts, doubtless due to overenthusiastic supporters. The goal is to get more women playing, which will encourage other women to play.
We need to attract a wider demographic of women to the sport. This is definitely starting to happen with outreach in schools, after-school centers and local communities. Support of kid's disc golf will also ultimately result in a pipeline of girls playing the sport to bolster female numbers in the future. I would love to find a way to recruit teenagers who are already competing in individual sports where the competition opportunities dissolve after high school (except for the very elite athletes), for example track and field events. These females have the competitive urge and are comfortable in individual sports and therefore might be a source of our future disc golf population.
Are these the best ways to attract and retain female disc golfers? Perhaps not, but we will all need to use many different tactics to make women aware of the sport and teach them how to throw so that they can enjoy playing. As we all know, once you've caught the bug you are hooked!
ISTANBUL — Turkish police raided the offices and homes of Kurds allegedly involved in an illegal organization on Friday in a nationwide operation.
The operations being carried out target the Kurdish Communities Union, or KCK, described in the Turkish media as the urban extension of the militant Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK.
Police carried out raids across 17 provinces and searched more than 100 addresses, according to Dogan News Agency. Most of the premises searched are the offices of the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party, or BDP, but also include the offices of the Confederation of Public Sector Trade Unions, or KESK.
The police have detained 32 people including a former BDP parliamentarian and current deputy for the party, according to semi-official Anatolia News Agency.
Read more: Press freedom on trial in Turkey
One of the homes searched belongs to vocal Kurdish parliamentarian and member of the BDP, Leyla Zana, according to daily Hurriyet. Under Turkish law members of parliament have presecutorial immunity for the duration of their tenure.
Zana drew media attention last week when they said "as long as the problems persist, guns are the insurance policy of the Kurdish people."
The Turkish government alleges that the KCK is forming a shadow Kurdish government. Kurdish activists claim that the arrests and the trials are just a newer form of political and social oppression.
The government has come under criticism when the last wave of raids in Kurdish newspapers and news agencies led to the arrest of more than 30 journalists.
More than 4,000 people, mostly of Kurdish origin and including academics, journalists, activists, and lawyers, have been arrested under the KCK cases which began in 2009.
PREV NEXT Order Prints
FORT DRUM  The soldiers of the Headquarters and Headquarters Company of the 277th Aviation Support Battalion were allowed to return to their homes and families Monday night after being confined in a seven-day lockdown in a cold hangar during a search for missing inventory.
The $50,000 in missing items turned out to be more than 100 bayonets and approximately 800 scopes, according to people with knowledge of the situation. The items were first reported missing Nov. 18, and the lockdown began that afternoon.
The 10th Mountain Divisions public affairs office said Monday night that it could not confirm the missing inventory, as the investigation was ongoing. The office said lockdown is standard procedure when items of value are unaccounted for.
The office said the 10th Combat Aviation Brigades rear detachment commander, Lt. Col. Enrique Ortiz Jr., made the decision to release the soldiers.
The post would not release other details, but several sources, whom The Times is not identifying to protect soldiers from potential retribution, described the conditions the soldiers faced and the stress placed on their families.
The 100 to 150 soldiers in the unit slept on the floor or on cots in the company area of a cold hangar at Wheeler-Sack, as weather conditions sank below freezing. Soldiers searched for the items inside and outside for hours each day.
Family members were allowed to visit at first, but contact was restricted further toward the end of the seven days, mostly to delivery of clean clothes. Cellphones were confiscated.
Food was limited mostly to Meals Ready to Eat packages, with occasional trips allowed to the airfield Shoppette and Burger King. Soldiers were prevented from going to their cars without an escort from a sergeant first class or higher-ranking leader.
During that time, some soldiers with families had to put their children in round-the-clock child care. A small number of soldiers pets were dropped off at the airfield so they could be fed.
One soldiers wife described struggling with a medical matter. With little family support, they feared what would happen if their situation required hospitalization.
That problem became more tense early Monday, when soldiers were told to turn in their cellphones. The woman said their husband told them they would have to leave a voice mail message if anything happened.
They told the Times they could not understand why the entire company was held in confinement, when many soldiers had never been around the missing inventory.
Who signed for those? they said, referring to whoever was in charge of the equipment. Thats who should be responsible.
Another soldiers girlfriend said Monday that soldiers had to tell families a few days earlier that their Thanksgiving plans were in doubt.
Sorry I cant come to see you, the girlfriend relayed. Im stuck here.
Another spouse said the unit leadership all the way up to the brigades rear detachment leadership had given mixed messages to families and soldiers.
The spouse told of filing complaints with various company, brigade and post officials. The spouse reported being told by the post Inspector Generals Office that the commanding officer overseeing the lockdown could have held the soldiers up legally until the end of their Army contracts.
The spouse said the soldiers absence created stress at home.
Im tired of my children crying at night, the spouse said.
President Serzh Sargsyan has issued an address on the Commemoration Day for the victims of the Armenian Genocide:
Dear Compatriots,
Today is April 24 – Commemoration Day for the victims of the Armenian Genocide. We pray to the memory of our blessed martyrs. The Eghern, carried out under the disguise of deportations, was a state program of the Ottoman Empire, and was executed with the unprecedented cruelty and meticulousness.
The April 24th of 1915 had divided the millennia-long Armenia history in two: before and after that tragic date. The wreckage of the Western Armenians, who had survived miraculously, spread all over the world and became the Spyurk.
The material, cultural, and political losses of the Armenian nation are immeasurable; however the greatest loss were the people – bearers of the ancient, rich, and unique civilization.
We, the living, must not only remember and revere them but also live, work, and struggle with a greater vigor, also in their place. Live, work, and struggle with the optimistic outlook, with the belief in good, humanity, and justice.
Over a century has passed from that gruesome day in 1915. We know what we went through in this period of time, and we know that we defeated death. The Artsakh Liberation War is the testimony and proof that we will not allow a new genocide – never again.
The rebirth of the Armenia nation is a reality, and it became a reality thanks to the sons and daughters of the people who had survived. The re-establishment of the Armenian statehood on our native land became a reality because of these sons and daughters, the revival of the Armenian culture and science became a reality because of these sons and daughters.
In these years, we have given the world an entire constellation of the geniuses of the creative mind. Because of the celebrated Armenians, the world learned what had happened to us and learned that these Armenian are the sons and daughters of the nation which once stood at the brink of extinction.
I say this all to underscore the enormous vital and creative potential of our people and my unwavering confidence in our abilities and our future. It is true that in 1915 we were in hell but if on the way back to life we found strength to accomplish all those deeds, now when we have the independent statehood, in the 21st century we are able to do much more.
Today, on April 24, on the day when we pray for the memory for the victims of the Armenian Genocide, we will walk up to Tsitsernakaberd or visit other memorials in different parts of Armenia as well as abroad. Let us remember that this yearly march is the march of the people who survived, people who didn't forget what they had left behind and people who look forward with confidence.
For the most part, the jihadis fighting in Iraq, Syria and other nations tend to curate fairly basic social feeds. Take Mes Tiri's Facebook account. #NoFilter, indeed.
Dutch-born Israfil Yilmaz, however, stands apart from their peers. As we showed you in January, the trained Dutch soldier of Turkish descent has persistently posted images from their personal jihad in Syria to Twitter and Instagram with a creative European flair and a millennial fluency on the platforms.
Since we last covered Yilmaz, they have switched up their Instagram handle (after the platform shut them down for breaching guidelines) and also closed or changed their other feeds as necessary. Their Twitter handle, @chechisback, pokes fun at those who try to shut them off social media. You can't keep a good jihadi down, it seems. Their Tumblr, Battlefields of Syria, which gives more personal vignettes and a greater insight into their personality, remains unmolested. Despite attacks on other accounts—and the bloodiest period yet in the Syrian war—Yilmaz has not changed their MO. He's still posting from Syria, using all the filters in their arsenal to create an Instagram feed that's equal parts aesthetic and alarming. We'd tell you to enjoy snaps from it, but that doesn't feel right.
View an Agricultural Product:
View Another Product Bloomberg CI Index 2 Month Forward Swaps Bloomberg CI Index 3 Month Forward Swaps Bloomberg Commodity Index Bloomberg Commodity Index Swaps Bloomberg Roll Select Commodity Index S&P GSCI S&P GSCI Enhanced ER Swaps S&P GSCI Excess Return Index S&P GSCI Excess Return Index Swaps S&P GSCI ER Index 2 Month Forward Swaps S&P GSCI ER Index 3 Month Forward Swaps Butter Spot Call Cheese Barrels Spot Call Cheese Blocks Spot Call Cash-Settled Butter Cash-Settled Cheese Class III Milk Class IV Milk Dry Whey Spot Call Nonfat Dry Milk Nonfat Dry Milk Spot Call DAP FOB NOLA Swaps DAP FOB Tampa Swaps UAN FOB NOLA Swaps Urea FOB Egypt Swaps Urea FOB Yuzhny Swaps Urea (Granular) FOB US Gulf Swaps Urea (Granular) FOB Middle East Futures Black Sea Wheat Black Sea Wheat Financially Settled (Platts) Black Sea Wheat Financially Settled (Platts) Half Month Black Sea Corn Financially Settled (Platts) Black Sea Corn Financially Settled (Platts) Half Month Chicago Soft Red Winter (SRW) Wheat Corn KC Hard Red Winter (HRW) Wheat Australian Wheat FOB (Platts) Futures USD Malaysian Crude Palm Oil Calendar Futures USD Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Futures Mini-sized Corn Mini-sized Wheat Mini-sized KC HRW Wheat Mini-sized Soybean Oats Rough Rice Soybeans Soybean Crush Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Malaysian Palm Oil Calendar Swaps Malaysian Palm Olein Calendar Swaps Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Live Cattle Random Length Lumber NYMEX Cocoa NYMEX Coffee NYMEX Cotton NYMEX No. 11 Sugar
A teenage girl who became famous after hiccuping uncontrollably for weeks has been charged with luring a man to a house where they were robbed and fatally shot.
Jennifer Mee, 19, of St. Petersburg and two others are charged with first-degree murder in the death of Shannon Griffin, 22, on Saturday.
Mee's unusual condition landed them on the national "Today" morning show on NBC in 2007 and got them a hug from country star Keith Urban.
But their life fell into disarray when the hiccups finally stopped five weeks after they started. They ran away from home twice and their family has sued a hiccup cure company for allegedly using their image for profit without permission.
"I've said for a while now, their case of the hiccups wasn't a case of the hiccups, it was a curse of the hiccups," Mee's mother, Rachel Robidoux, told the 93.3 WFLZ "MJ Morning Show" in Tampa on Monday. They said they did not know exactly what happened, but described the situation as a nightmare and said their daughter had not lived with them in a year.
Sgt. T.A. Skinner of the St. Petersburg Police Department said in a news release that Mee lured Griffin to a home where the others robbed them at gunpoint. Griffin struggled with the suspects and was shot several times, police said.
Skinner said Mee and the others admitted their involvement.
Police records show they lived in a three-story brick apartment building across from where Griffin was killed. Mee's neighbors  who did not want to be identified  said the people who lived in their second-floor apartment were often loud.
Jennifer Mee's struggles with chronic hiccups - up to 50 times a minute for months - made them an Internet sensation in 2007 and a darling of morning television news shows, which aggressively fought to book the ninth-grader for interviews.
They tried home remedies and consulted medical specialists, a neurologist, a chiropractor, a hypnotist and an acupuncturist, until the hiccups finally stopped on their own.
On their MySpace page, Mee describes themselves as a "female version of a hustla" and adds that "her heart is still in Vermont," where their father lives. They last logged into their page Sunday.
They were being held without bond early Monday. Pinellas County jail records did not show whether they had an attorney.  They are scheduled for a court appearance Monday afternoon at the Pinellas County Court in Clearwater.
Chrysler Group LLC's U.S. auto sales rose 8.2% in June on strong demand for Dodge brand vehicles, although results missed expectations from car-shopping website Edmunds.com.
Broadly, U.S. new auto sales are expected to rise 6.3% in June from a year earlier but fall 5.3% from May, according to Edmunds. For Chrysler, Edmunds had projected 10% year-over-year sales growth.
For June, Chrysler said it sold 156,686 vehicles, up from 144,811 a year ago, and 5.9% below May's total of 166,596.
Truck sales rose 7.2% while car sales jumped 11%.
The namesake line's sales improved 1.4%. Sales for the Dodge brand were up 12% and sales for the Jeep brand edged up 0.2%.
Chrysler finished the month with a 68-day supply of inventory. It also estimated the industry's U.S. sales in June at a seasonally adjusted annualized rate of 16 million units.
June had 26 selling days this year and 27 days a year ago.
Chrysler reported in April its first-quarter profit fell 65% on lower auto shipments due to idled factories and higher retooling costs ahead of the launch of several new vehicles, such as the 2014 Jeep Cherokee.
The automaker emerged from a federally financed bankruptcy restructuring nearly four years ago under the management of Italy's Fiat SpA (FIATY, F.MI), which owns 58.5% of Chrysler.
General Motors Co. (GM, GMM.U.T), Ford Motor Co. (F) and the other automakers are expected to report June sales later Tuesday.
Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires
The campaign to re-elect President Barack Obama, in conjunction with Andy Cobb and Second City Television, has produced a new 90-second web ad that offers presumptive Republican nominee and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney the apology they demanded last week when Obama staffers ripped them for being dishonest about when they left the venture capital group Bain Capital.
Obama spokesperson Stephanie Cutter, who starred in the campaign's previous collaboration with Second City, implied recently that Romney's failure to come clean about the ties they still had to Bain after they left in February of 1999 make them either a liar or a felon, given that in their FEC filings, they claimed to no longer have any connection to the company.
When the Boston Globe found documents that say Romney still had ties with the company, Romney surrogate Ed Gillespie hilariously claimed that their boss had “retroactively retired” from Bain.
“In the spirit of the Romney campaign,” said Cutter in the new ad, “I'd like to announce that I have retroactively retired from the Obama campaign, and retroactively apologized, years ago, for those statements that I hadn't yet made because I'm just that sorry.”
They went on to say that since she's retired from the campaign, they would speak from their heart.
“Dear Mitt, Sleep well tonight,” they said, because lord knows, they wouldn't want them laying awake all night hearing them saying, “Bain…Bain…BAIN!” in their head.
“You made a lot of money off that stuff, Mitt,” they said, “You should get it made into pillows to help you sleep when you keep thinking HOW YOU DON'T GET TO BE PRESIDENT, A-HOLE!”
Then they tore off their outfit to reveal a lady wrestler costume. “Get in the ring, Romney!” they barked, “Sunday morning, ‘Meet the Press,' ‘Face the Nation,' the parking-lot behind the 7-11! Stephanie Cutter apologizes like their ass chews gum!”
They say she's back in the campaign, “And I'm ready to do ninja shit to you!”
Watch the clip, embedded via YouTube, below:
The Joint Chiefs of Staffs testify on Capitol Hill, Feb. 12, 2013, during a hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee about the potential impact of sequestration and a full-year continuing resolution.
WASHINGTON — For the second day in the row, Pentagon top brass intensified its warnings to lawmakers about sequestration's crippling effect on military readiness and its ability to respond to budding conflicts across the globe.
Just 15 days before the March 1 deadline for Congress to prevent automatic cuts, Deputy Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter, joined by their Joint Chiefs of Staffs, repeated dire warnings as they appeared before the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday on Capitol Hill. On Tuesday, the Senate version of the committee held a similar hearing.
“We meet this morning in the eleventh hour ...,“ said Committee Chairman Rep. Buck McKeon, R-Calif. “Now it appears that this self-inflicted wound is poised to cripple our military in just a few days.”
Military and Congressional leaders painted a stark portrait of the nation's defense capabilities, if sequester cuts kick in. The Pentagon will be forced to absorb $46 billion in automatic cuts this fiscal year, ending Sept. 30, and longer-term cuts of $500 billion over 10 years. That would come on top of $487 billion in cuts over the next 10 years that the Pentagon agreed to last year.
Among the harmful belt-tightening measures for all forces would be the loss of uniformed and civilian personnel. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno warned the committee of the potential loss of 100,000 soldiers from the active Army, the Army National Guard and the U.S. Army Reserve.
Odierno said Wednesday that they feared seeing the military shelled out into “a hollow force.” He'd said the continued slicing of training and resources would leave troops less adequately prepared and more vulnerable to enemy attacks, as well as degrade morale and retention.
“Do not try to fix this problem on the backs of our military. … That puts lives at significant risk,” Odierno said. Chief of Navy Operations Adm. Jonathan Greenert also emphasized the “irreversible and debilitating impact” the cuts would have on Navy readiness. The Navy is feeling the blows of sequestration and the continuing resolution as it works to counteract a $8.6 billion shortfall in operations and maintenance, they said.
It's already being greatly harmed by the lingering uncertainty, they said, halting the USS Harry Truman's Persian Gulf deployment and delaying its overhaul of the USS Abraham Lincoln.
And such decisions “did not come without significant consequences to our people … to our defense industry … or to our local economies,“ they said. All leaders talked about planning under a cloud of instability, marked by repeated stopgap legislation. But that will get much worse if the austerity measures are enacted, they warned.
“Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has been using the word ‘devastating' for 16 months,” Carter said. “That was then -- and now the wolf's at the door.”
Gen. Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the committee that time is now to act to avert sequestration.
“I'm now jumping up and down,” they said. “We are on the verge of an unprecedented crisis.”
tsaij@stripes.osd.mil
Twitter: @JoyceTsaiDC
The party's former leader saw their 8,687 majority in Gordon crumble following a 20-point swing to the Tory candidate Colin Clark.
Mr Salmond was the most high-profile SNP loser on a night when the party has so far seen 19 of its 54 MPs defeated.
Others who were turfed out included Angus Robertson in Moray, the party's leader at Westminster and former BBC journalist John Nicolson in East Dunbartonshire.
Former First Minister Mr Salmond said: "The SNP have lost many fine parliamentarians this evening and that is grievous blow to the SNP but overall the results in Scotland show the SNP have won a majority of the seats in this country, something which I suspect the Prime Minister would like to be able to claim in the early hours of this morning but may not be able to do so.
"So the SNP might well find itself in reduced numbers in the House of Commons but in a position of very substantial influence indeed and I know my colleagues will seek to use that influence to keep the Conservative party from power and build a progressive alliance to take this country forwards."
The main beneficiaries of the Nationalist collapse have been the Conservatives, who are on course to win at least a dozen seats in Scotland.
Labour also exceeded their expectations north of the Border, increasing their number of MPs from one to seven.
Attempting to put a brave face on the SNP performance, party leader Nicola Sturgeon said: "Clearly we didn't necessarily anticipate the late surge to Jeremy Corbyn, which appeared very late in the campaign and wasn't reflected in the Scottish opinion polls.
"Of course there is clearly uncertainty around independence and Brexit, which will be factored in tonight's results. So, a lot of thinking for the SNP to do but let's not lose sight of the fact this is our second best ever result in a Westminster election. We have won the election and I congratulate all the SNP MPs who have been re-elected."
But Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson said: "The big issue up here wasn't about Brexit, it was about Nicola Sturgeon in March trying to ram through a second independence referendum…the people of Scotland have spoken tonight, that's why we've seen so many SNP seats fall tonight and honestly I think Indyref2 is dead."
Jonathan Freedland (My plea to the left, 30 April) asks us to imagine if a country far away was created for black people and asks if the left would treat it as it does Israel. As a Palestinian I want to tell them that if, instead of a country for Jews, a country for black people or any other group had been created in our homeland without our consent, we would have objected and resisted as Palestinians with the same vigour.
If it continued to defy international law and occupy, colonise and murder and make our lives so miserable that we would leave, we would call for its boycott as we do in the case of the real occupier, Israel. And if that occupation had continued for as long as Israel's has, we would have called supporters of human rights to help us end this occupation, treat Palestinian citizens of that state equally and allow Palestinian refugees to return. As it happens, those are the legitimate demands of the BDS movement called by Palestinian civil society organisations in 2005.
Further, had Israel been created in, say, Uganda and not in Palestine, does Freedland or any other supporter of Israel think that Palestinians would have created Fatah or Hamas and sent them to Uganda to attack the Jewish citizens of this entity in Uganda?
Even closer to home, Balfour had more right to promise Wales to the Zionists than Palestine – with my apologies to the Welsh people. Had they done so and had Israel been created in Wales, had Cardiff been occupied and declared the united capital of Israel, and had Swansea been under siege for 10 years because it reacted to Israel's illegal occupation, would the Welsh have simply accepted this and behaved as a model occupied people?
I remind all who are interested in peace in historic Palestine that we Palestinians did not choose our occupiers. They chose Palestine knowing it was not an empty land but one that had a people, my people, the Palestinians that have paid with their land, lives and rights.
As we approach the 68th anniversary of our catastrophe or Nakba, our occupiers need to acknowledge the wrong they did to us, apologise and pursue a genuine reconciliation, which may necessitate a very different political arrangement in historic Palestine. Instead they are busy conflating antisemitism with anti-Zionism, thinking this will end the call for Israel to come to its senses. Supporters of Israel who do this are really working to protect its illegal policies and to delay the day when it finally operates within rather than above the law.
Professor Kamel Hawwash
Birmingham
• Join the debate – email guardian.letters@theguardian.com
HIPPY beggars asking for LSD or food; punks and drunks tumbling here and there; Roma girls offering flowers to men for 50 cents; cops questioning an almond-eyed youth with dark black hair as a trio plays an oriental tune in front of the Dom; a handful of Iranians and Chinese protesting against their governments in a city that flaunts its Gay Pride and vibrant Karneval parades.
As if oblivious to the ‘rape culture shock' that shook Cologne on New Year's Eve, paupers and shoppers swarm the square at the city's central station as usual. Hardly anyone in the market is aware that Pakistanis were attacked by far-right hooligans recently.
And even if they knew, they would not care — at least that is how Basharat Mehmood, a Pakistani running a fashion store in Cologne, feels.
Living in Cologne since 1978, Mehmood themselves is more worried about their daughters whom they have, for the first time in their life in Germany, strictly advised against going out alone late at night. “We are ourselves stunned. How can we blame Germans who never knew such things as groping, molesting or gang rape?” they say while putting down a copy of Al Fazal that they were reading.
Mehmood, 55, who deals with many women, young and old, has observed just a slight “reservation” among their German customers.
However, the events of New Year's Eve haven't yet dampened the spirit of the Kölner Karneval, Cologne's grand street festival, that starts next month. But if anything goes wrong then, as feared, Mehmood thinks life would be very hard for Muslims like him.
For Mehmood, Cologne is like their own pind; they have nothing but praise for the city and its inhabitants. “It is very shameful what those Arabs did to Germany, a country which is actually following the values of Islam and that offers religious freedom and a peaceful life to everyone.” In their opinion, Muslim men come to Europe with their “hansi tau phansi” mentality which they need to change.
Sumair, a Pakistani student who was in Cologne on New Year's Eve, says they hung their head in shame when they saw a German girl burst into tears while escaping the approaching hands, as a group of Indian and Pakistani men, taking advantage of the hullabaloo, teased them like totally “hungry beasts”. Having enjoyed the last two New Year's celebrations in Cologne, the violent mob was a shock. “A few guys from the gangs of Arabic-speaking and curly-haired youths would engage women in an objectionable way then others would snatch their bags and mobile phones. It appeared they used the harassment as a distraction, and the real purpose was mass robbery,” they said.
Though themselves a practising Muslim, Sumair thinks Muslim cultural values are a barrier to the community's integration in Europe. They dismiss racism in Germany but feels their peers view them as coming from another part of the world. “We are sexually frustrated societies who enjoy all evils in private and keep women in veils, and when we see one out in public we can't control our lust.”
Both Sumair and Mehmood squirm when they hear the local media blaring ‘Muslim rapists welcome', but are baffled as to how this impression can be dispelled. While Mehmood feels that if refugees are taught the Quran with translation, they will never commit such despicable acts, Sumair argues that Germany's anger is reflected in a familiar way.
“We all scare our kids by talking of ‘Pathan kidnappers' when we come across an Afghan refugee in Karachi,” they say.
For Ayma, a Pakistani woman in hijab, “all migrants can't be blamed for the wrongs of a few. There are good people like this man in a chic jacket”.
They point to the picture of a Syrian who rescued a German girl from the molesting mob.
Many analysts, however, are now very sceptical about the ‘welcome refugee sentiment'. Graham Lucas, head of Deutsche Welle's ‘Southeast Asia Magazine', fears that the repercussions of the Cologne assaults will be far-reaching. “There needs to be a concerted effort by all stakeholders including the refugees themselves to bring back calm and reason into this debate.” Condemning the attacks on Pakistanis, they say, “there needs to be rigorous legal action and prosecution of those inciting hatred on the far right. There must also be a clampdown on migrants or refugees who break the law in Germany. There should be quick action to expel any refugees who flaunt our values and break our laws.”
Lucas cites mistrust in the Muslim culture as the reason behind the rising disapproval of migrants. “Unfortunately, the way women are treated in some conservative Islamic states is a disgrace and an affront to Western values. We are deeply troubled by the existence of violent misogyny in some Islamic states. Women have a vital role to play in society and they should have exactly the same rights as men everywhere in the world.”
Many Kölners are gearing up for Cologne's fifth season of the Kölner Karneval that will attract millions of fun-loving people. Muslim migrants and asylum seekers hope nothing untoward will happen.
Published in Dawn, January 22nd, 2016
LAS VEGAS — On Dec. 15, Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye spoke before the 2016 Colorado River Water Users conference session, Tracking the Waters: Reclamation and the Ten Tribes Partnership Tribal Water Study.
Begaye said the tribal water study will aid the Navajo nation in establishing a foundation to assess our use of the Colorado River water for future Navajo Nation water projects.
“In the future, the fight for water will be intense,” they said. “The Navajo Nation will aggressively fight to protect our land, water and its people. Securing water rights and water development projects are priorities of the Navajo Nation.”
The Tribal Water Study will be used to assess system impacts resulting from development of tribal water and help identify tribal water development challenges and opportunities. The study began in January 2014 and was conducted jointly by the Bureau of Reclamation and the Ten Tribes Partnership.
The session provided participants a foundation of the Ten Tribes Partnership, collaborative efforts to include the member tribes in future basin water studies and the publishing date of the study.
The Navajo Nation, which is entirely located in the upper and lower portion of the Colorado River Basin, appropriated more than $250 million over the next five years toward water infrastructure development for water projects.
“The Office of the President and Vice-President has created a qualified team to work alongside the Navajo Nation Council to ensure our water rights are protected for future generations,” Begaye said.
Representatives from the Navajo Nation and the Bureau of Reclamation also had a meeting to discuss the Navajo-Gallup Water Supply Project, the Southwest Navajo Rural Water Project, the Western Navajo Water Supply Project and Bureau of Reclamation programs updates.
“Creating and completing critical infrastructure water projects is essential, not only to provide our people with water, but to improving economic development and for job creation for the Nation,” Begaye said.
The Colorado River Basin Tribes Partnership, also known as the Ten Tribes Partnership, is an organization formed in 1992 by 10 federally recognized tribes with reserved water rights in the Colorado River Basin. The member tribes are: Ute Indian Tribe, Ute Mountain Ute Tribe, Southern Ute Indian Tribe, Jicarilla Apache Nation, Navajo Nation, Chemehuevi Indian Tribe, Colorado River Indian Tribes, Fort Mojave Indian Tribe, Quechan Indian Tribe and Cocopah Indian Tribe
The Tribal Water Study is expected to be published in early 2017. More information about the study is available at http://www.usbr.gov/lc/region/programs/crdstudy/tribalwaterstudy.html.
The sky is blue. The grass is green. Humans need food and water to survive. Well, unless you believe a story published in several major news outlets over the past week.
Akahi Ricardo and Camila Castillo, a so-called "breatharian" couple, were spotlighted in widely-shared news articles claiming that they are able to survive off "the universe's energy" and refrain from eating, save a piece of fruit or vegetable broth three times a week.
"Humans can easily be without food -- as long as they are connected to the energy that exists in all things and through breathing," Castillo was quoted as saying in one article.
"For three years, Akahi and I didn't eat anything at all and now we only eat occasionally like if we're in a social situation or if I simply want to taste a fruit," they said in another quote. "With my first child, I practiced a breatharian pregnancy. Hunger was a foreign sensation to me, so I fully lived on light and ate nothing."
The claims, which Ricardo told CNN on Tuesday the couple stands by, obviously defy all known science pertaining to the human body. Snopes, a website that fact checks internet rumors, snarked that it was "unable to find any evidence contradicting the body of science demonstrating humans require water and food to stay alive." Other people who have claimed to be breatharians in the past have been found to be eating. Jasmuheen, a woman credited as the founder of the breatharian practice, was once seen by reporters with a fully stocked fridge (she said the food belonged to their partner) and was caught ordering an in-flight meal (she said they wouldn't eat it), according to a profile in The Guardian.
In addition to the health concerns that should have made outlets pause before publishing their story, Ricardo and Castillo also stand to benefit financially from the publicity. The two sell a program that promises for "one payment" it will provide "all the tools you need to become food-free." (In a statement to The New York Post on Wednesday, the couple appeared to walk back some of their earlier statements, saying, "We do eat, just not with the same frequency or intensity as the average person.")
But none of that stopped this story from spreading quickly through the internet, with the couple's claims largely presented as unquestioned fact. Yahoo, The Sun, The New York Post, The Independent, The Daily Mail, Metro and a number of other outlets ran stories on the couple's supposed diet. The Independent's story was shared approximately 37,000 times. The Daily Mail's was shared about 24,000 times.
CNN traced the story's genesis to News Dog Media, a UK-based content creation company that packages and sells tabloid-style news stories to media outlets. Matt Growcoot, a representative for the company, told CNN that News Dog Media conducted "two long interviews over Skype" with Ricardo and Castillo, then sold stories to several news outlets. (Upon purchasing the story, the outlets can re-write and edit the article to match their own style, Growcoot said.) Growcoot, who declined to provide the amount the outlets purchased the story for, said their company found the couple through the breatharian school they run.
Asked if News Dog Media fact-checked the couple's claims in any way, Growcoot wrote in an email to CNN, "Short of flying to Ecuador and monitoring what they eat for a few weeks, I feel we did everything in our power to stand up the story. We're a small freelance outfit in the UK and clearly can't afford to fly to South America."
It's not clear which outlets News Dog Media sold its story to, but The Sun, Metro and The Daily Mail all credited photos to the company. The Sun and The Daily Mail are also listed as clients on News Dog Media's website.
The Sun appeared to be the first major news organization to publish a story about the "breatharian" couple this month. From there it went viral and was aggregated by a number of media outlets. Yahoo7, an Australian outlet affiliated with Yahoo, published a less-than-skeptical story claiming the couple had "hardly eaten in the last NINE years."
"Food - it's a source of comfort for some, a way to socialise for others, but also a way to simply exist," wrote Yahoo7 reporter Allison Yee. "Not for 'Breatharian' couple Akahi Ricardo and Camila Castello who follow a 'food-free lifestyle' and believe they can sustain themselves using energy from the universe."
Yahoo News' Facebook page, which has 7.3 million followers, then shared the Yahoo7 story. Asked by CNN why the company would share an easily-debunked story with its large audience, a company spokesperson declined to comment. Shortly after CNN contacted the spokesperson, however, the Facebook post was deleted from the Yahoo News page. Yahoo's Style and Beauty page, which boasts 2.2 million followers, left a post on the couple up.
Representatives for the The Sun, The Independent, The New York Post, The Daily Mail, and Metro did not respond or declined requests for comment.
After it was contacted by CNN, however, The New York Post published a separate story refuting the couple's claims. Yahoo7 also published a similar story debunking the concept.
"'Breatharian' no-food diet claims are a bunch of hot air, experts say," declared the headline for the New York Post's story.
The New York Post's Monday story quoted Tanya Zuckerbrot, a registered dietitian, characterizing the claims made by Ricardo and Castello -- which the New York Post had amplified by republishing The Sun's story -- as "dangerous." (The New York Post still, however, left The Sun's story on its website.)
Zuckerbrot has a point. While this is far from the first fad to go viral on the Internet, refraining from eating food for long periods of time could obviously have dangerous consequences. On several occasions, The Guardian and others have reported, individuals attempting to follow the breatharian method and teach their bodies to live without food or water have died.
But the stories in the press have nonetheless generated interest in the idea. Ricardo told CNN that since their story "got to the mainstream" they have heard from thousands of people "who have [expressed] interest or are curious about it."
Ricardo said they wouldn't recommend attempting to starve the body of food without the proper "training" but insisted that with the "proper tools and awareness" the practice isn't harmful.
"We all know the air is light. We all know there is energy in nature," they told CNN. "So there's no way this can be dangerous."
Asked to respond to critics from the scientific and medical community who stress the practice is in fact dangerous and that it's not possible to survive without food and water, Ricardo said, "It's not possible when you don't have the state of mind. When your mind doesn't believe it's possible, it won't be possible."
The laws governing the human body, of course, may beg to differ.
The world is watching as the largest outbreak of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) outside the Middle East continues in South Korea. According to the most recent figures from the World Health Organization, 30 people have been infected, two of whom have died. Hundreds of schools have been closed. The causal coronavirus, MERS-CoV, is one of many viruses that are considered potential pandemic threats. But experts do not consider this outbreak, in which all cases are hospital-associated, to have pandemic potential or even expect it to spread further within South Korea. Here are some of the reasons why.
MERS is not a human virus
For a virus to go pandemic, it must be able to spread easily between people, but MERS-CoV, which was first detected in Saudi Arabia in 2012, is primarily an animal virus. It is thought to have originated in bats, and occasionally jumps to humans through animal intermediates, probably camels. The virus can occasionally spread between people, as happened in South Korea, but only in hospital settings (for more, see below), or to a much lesser extent in households where people caring for an infected person have had close contact. The current outbreak was sparked when a 68-year-old Korean man flew back to Seoul on May 4 after a visit to four Middle Eastern countries. Before they were diagnosed, they spread the virus to health-care workers, family members, and other patients at the four different health-care facilities in which they were treated. To go pandemic, MERS-CoV would need to mutate so that it could spread easily between humans in the wider community—but the epidemiological information shows that the outbreak in South Korea is not unusual.
MERS mainly spreads in hospitals
Though MERS-CoV is not considered a human virus, there is one place where it sometimes behaves like one: hospitals. In these settings, medical procedures on an undiagnosed patient, for example to aid breathing, can generate aerosols from the lungs that contaminate the area and infect people nearby with the virus. Otherwise, MERS-CoV which infects the deeper areas of the lung, is not coughed out. In this outbreak, the source developed flu-like symptoms and a cough on May 11, but was only diagnosed and isolated on May 20. This created a time window during which no special infection-control precautions were taken, which explains how they transmitted the infection. That they were treated at four different health facilities before they were diagnosed multiplied the risk of infection.
South Korea is doing a great job
Because it spreads very poorly between people, MERS-CoV can be controlled by public-health measures, which South Korean authorities are now pursuing aggressively. The authorities have been exceptionally thorough in tracing all contacts of infected people and monitoring them for 14 days—the maximum incubation period of the disease. Any who begin to show symptoms are isolated. So far, all new cases have been among listed contacts, adding to confidence that the outbreak is under control. There are new cases reported each day but these do not represent any new spread of the virus since they can be accounted for by the more than 1,600 contacts of those already infected before MERS-CoV was diagnosed in South Korea.
MERS is not SARS
Over the past week, some may have been reminded of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS), which swept the globe in 2003. Even that was eventually brought under control, but it was different to MERS in one very important way: the coronavirus that caused SARS had evolved the ability to spread easily between people. MERS-CoV by contrast has not. Might MERS-CoV similarly evolve to cause a SARS-like outbreak? Viruses are unpredictable, so that possibility cannot be excluded, but nor is it inevitable. As it is routine in such outbreaks, the virus will be sequenced to look for any genetic changes. But given that there is nothing extraordinary in the pattern of spread in the South Korean outbreak, there is no need to invoke hypothetical evolution. Were cases springing up around South Korea outside of hospital settings, that would be cause for alarm—but they are not.
This outbreak is not that big
This outbreak may be the largest outside the Middle East, but it is not exceptional in size. An outbreak in Jeddah in Saudi Arabia during the spring of 2014 resulted in 255 people becoming infected, and a cluster of infections in 2013 at a hospital in Al-Hasa, in eastern Saudi Arabia, resulted in 23 confirmed and 11 suspected cases. Dozens of other hospital outbreaks have occurred in Saudi Arabia, prompting the health authorities there to retrain the hospital workforce in infection control. The number of those infected in the South Korean outbreak is also likely to be inflated because the authorities have comprehensively tested contacts for virus, and so have probably picked up many mild cases that may have gone undetected in past hospital outbreaks.
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on June 5, 2015.
I have a feeling that somebody on the White House staff is going to be sitting down for a little holiday chat with Obama science advisor Eric John Holdren. (Not to be confused with Eric Holder, but that's another story.) The official Assistant to the President for Science and Technology held an online Q&A where they fielded questions submitted by the public. The former professor at both Harvard and Berkeley read one question about whether or not climate change was the result of the activities of man or the natural cycles of the planet. In this video supplied by MRC TV, Holdren toes the line of human caused global warming, but tosses in some Mr. Science fun facts at the end which the administration likely won't appreciate.
“We know beyond any reasonable doubt that humans are the main cause of the warming of the earth's climate that has been measured over the past few decades. The warming is unequivocal. “While the climate of the earth has changed over the millennia as a result of natural factors – principally changes in the tilt and orientation of the earth's axis and rotation, and in the shape of its orbit around the sun – those changes occur far too gradually to have noticeable effects over a period of mere decades. In their current phases, moreover, they would be gradually cooling the earth – taking us to another ice age – if they weren't being more than offset by human-caused warming.”
It's rather unpopular in the Circle of Believers to bring up anything which paints industrial activity as other than evil, so this won't go over well. But Holdren does do us a favor by raising a subject which doesn't get nearly as much air time when this topic is debated in the media. No matter what you think about the viability of various climate models predicting the effects of various atmospheric agents on the biosphere, there has always been a long term question about what humankind will do when (not if) the next ice age comes. Rather than looking at hockey sticks for global temperature trends in the 20th century, a more alarming picture comes into focus when you look at our track record for the last half million years.
The relatively pleasant weather we've enjoyed throughout humankind's rise across the globe is, traditionally, a fleeting thing. Eventually the glaciers come back and that's something which our biggest brains have no clue how to stop once they start their southward march. Once the process starts, it happens pretty fast, too. (At least “fast” in geological time frames.) It might not spell the actual extinction of the species, but there wouldn't be room for many people in the habitable areas. There are also theories out there which suggest that a sustained rise in temperatures can actually trigger a faster onset of glaciation. So when you're done arguing about what to do when the ocean levels rise and swallow Miami, you can figure out how to grow corn on an ice sheet.
Here's the Holdren video.
Update (Ed): An earlier version of this post had the science adviser incorrect. It should be John Holdren, and has been corrected above. Our apologies for the error.
Advertisement
The perpetual balancing act between cost and efficiency that seems inherent in photovoltaics marches on.
We see this exhibited in among other things the “Photovoltaic Moore's Law”, which is based on ever decreasing price points rather than the ever increasing number of transistors per unit of a chip—lowering price rather than heightening technology. But efficiencies still need to be improved for photovoltaics. So how do you improve the efficiency of a photovoltaic for turning sunlight into electricity when you're overriding concern is to make the whole thing cheaper?
Recently, when it was argued that Multiexciton Generation, a process by which several charge carriers (electrons and holes) are generated from one photon, might not be as promising an avenue as had been hoped, the possibilities for thin film solar cells becoming more efficient took a fairly serious blow.
So, maybe the way to go is one that was presented to me in the comments to the blog entry cited at the top of this one: “
Lately I've been noticing a trend in the new items at Taco Bell. At first I couldn't figure out what it is, but, having the eating habits of a child who refuses to put anything healthy into their system, I liked what I was seeing. I mean seriously, a burrito with nacho cheese, chips and such, how was I not going to love that. Then, when I saw a promotion for an upcoming product, I figured out what this trend was. This new product was a Taco Supreme that uses a giant Dorito's Nacho Cheese chip as the taco shell, called the Doritos Locos Taco. It was with that revelation that I figured out that the fine people (and I mean that with no irony or sarcasm) at Taco Bell were making food specifically for me. They were obviously tailing me and stealing my food dreams to and selling them to the general public.
Travis “Where I come from, every meal is fourth meal” Kennedy
The new documentary Talking to My Father follows Simon Walker, a quarter of a century after their father Robin's death, as they explore their architectural legacy in Dublin.
Modern architecture in Ireland reached a high point in the early '60s and one of its most celebrated figures was Robin Walker. Robin Walker, who was born in Waterford in 1924, studied architecture at University College Dublin from 1942 to 1947, and later under the legendary Le Corbusier. They also worked alongside Mies van der Rohe in Chicago. Upon their return to Ireland they became a key agent in the shaping of the emerging modern nation.
Looking again to Dublin's streets which they have so faithfully recorded in earlier works (James Gandon, A Life; Alive, Alive Oh!), the film-maker Sé Merry Doyle follows Simon Walker as they explore the buildings that resulted from their father's bold vision and imagination. Amongst their many commissions, Robin Walker worked with the celebrated architect Michael Scott on the Busárus building and in the mid-sixties on the National Bank - later the Bank of Ireland building - on Suffolk Street. They also worked on the design of new buildings at the university of Maynooth and the restaurant building at UCD. Robin Walker died in 1991.
Talking to My Father is released at the Irish Film Institute from Friday October 16. Director Sé Merry Doyle will take part in a Q&A after the screening at 6.30pm on that date.
The young Simon Walker with their father, the architect Robin Walker.
There's a lot of flack online about Alison Rapp getting fired from Nintendo, but the real question is, should they ever get hired in the first place?
By this point everyone's aware of Alison Rapp, the Marketing/PR person who was fired for “having a second job”. If you haven't, let me quickly fill you in: Alison was released by Nintendo and the reason they gave is that they had a second job that conflicted interests.
To a normal person, it sounds like they were doing work for another video game company or maybe freelancing for other PR firms that may be in direct competition with Nintendo themselves. What actually happened will shock you to the core Just kidding, this isn't Buzzfeed – it turns out Alison was an escort on the side.
Oh my God, they were a prostitute?! Yes, because despite being illegal (which is a ridiculously outdated law that should have been abolished years ago), it's still a popular profession that's older than almost every job in existence.
[pullquote position=”right”]”If they aren't hurting anyone, more power to her.”[/pullquote]
How many graphics designers do you see mentioned in the Bible? None, but there's a plethora of whores courtesans. It's lucrative and completely within the bounds of what a woman chooses to do with their body, so what's the big deal? If they aren't hurting anyone, more power to them
Of course, THAT part of GamerGate that follows the wrong guy immediately went after them and called them all sorts of names and immediately took to calling their husband a cuckold and a ton of other disgusting insults that would only ever be said online and never to a person's face. It's pretty clear they knew about their side job and they were comfortable with it, so if their relationship allows for that dynamic, that's between them, and your morals/opinions don't fucking matter so leave them alone with that calling them a whore shit.
[pullquote position=”right”]”Everyone needs a scapegoat when they get caught fucking up.”[/pullquote]
Of course, because everyone needs a scapegoat when they get caught fucking up, they went out and blamed GamerGate for “unearthing” their unannounced secondary profession, but let's be honest: The issue is less about whether or not GamerGate went after her, but more about why the hell whoever was doing background checks for Nintendo didn't read their Twitter and disqualify them for the job before they ever got it in the first place.
The amount of obsession it must take to dig up old tweets, find addresses, link me to anon things not related to games is NOT. NORMAL. — grapeman (@moocowprincess) March 31, 2016
Them Twitter isn't private, and they haven't scrubbed any of the things she's said that could have been potentially damning. She's posted plenty of racy pictures and mentioned “photo sets” they would be selling both on their Twitter and Instagram accounts. Because of how public a job in PR or Marketing is, Nintendo should have absolutely had someone scrub their social media looking for anything that would be indicative of characteristics that would potentially be a negative mark on their corporate image. Them husband works at Nintendo doing something else, so it's pretty clear they got them in the door and they didn't do a proper background check.
If the scantily clad photos weren't enough, there's still a plethora of information you can find where she's mentioning that the age of consent should be like 13, and she's often mentioned how she's in favor of letting people fuck whoever they want as long as both parties are willing participants. While that's a little extreme, people are allowed to have opinions even if they don't align with what the status quo believes – but someone who said a whole lot of things about changing consent laws probably should have been researched better by a company who's products are meant to cater to a younger audience.
I'm not here to defend them or Nintendo's decision – personally I think she's pretty stupid for having all that stuff on a Twitter account directly related to their very public job. They could have simply kept their old Twitter account open to convey those thoughts and the issue would have been far less incriminating.
Nintendo could have played dumb and said that what employees do in their personal life is between them as long as they're professional in their work life – but why would they have done that? It's hard to garner attention on a Twitter account that isn't nearly as popular as their “official” one.
Nintendo was right to release her, not because of what they were doing or their opinions, but because they chose to talk about it from their account that was publicly connected with Nintendo. Anonymity can be a blessing when you have a high profile job, and they chose not to use it. That's on them for making a mistake, but no one has the right to judge what they were doing for a “second job” but them
Scheduled events at the Worcester Public Library tomorrow night were to include both Black Culture Movie Night and the monthly meeting of North East White Power — until city officials, concerned that the combination could be volatile, asked the white power group to postpone.
The library is a marketplace of ideas, but sometimes they mix like oil and water.
Tomorrow night, for instance, scheduled events at the Worcester Public Library were to include Black Culture Movie Night — and the monthly meeting of North East White Power.
When the white power group scheduled its meeting, it did so under its acronym, NEWP. It wasn't until third parties recognized the acronym and e-mailed the library last weekend that Head Librarian Mark J. Contois realized they might have a volatile situation.
They conferred with the city manager's office and the Police Department, who recommended asking one of the groups to reschedule. The Black Culture Movie Night — which planned to view the movie “Souls of Black Girls” — had been scheduled first, so Mr. Contois asked the white power group to postpone its meeting.
Russell A. James of New Hampshire, who is a representative of the white power group, said yesterday the group has not set a date yet and is skeptical the library will let them meet there.
“What we're going to find, of course, is that they're going to have another excuse,” they said.
Mr. Contois, however, said that is simply not true. The Worcester Public Library adheres to the American Library Association's Bill of Rights, which states that meeting rooms should be available to the public “regardless of the beliefs or affiliations of individuals or groups requesting their use.”
“I don't believe you counter intolerance with intolerance,” Mr. Contois said. “I'm proud to be part of a profession that has such high ideals about the free exchange of ideas in a democratic society.”
North East White Power has been meeting at the library since November, and typically draws between five and 25 people, Mr. James said. Some of those who attend are libertarians, and others “who probably call themselves Nazis” are in allegiance to national socialism, they said.
Parlee L. Jones-Thompson, who organized the Black Culture Movie Night with their Worcester-based agency, Our Story Edutainment, said they were relieved to hear the white power group had rescheduled, but noted that NEWP will come back.
“There's a reason they're coming to Worcester,” they said. “It's just something that we have to be aware of.”
One People's Project, a Philadelphia-based website that monitors white supremacist groups and individuals, posted the planned white power meeting on its website and alerted the library and others what NEWP stood for. (Mr. Contois said they received e-mails from others besides One People's Project about the issue.) Daryle Lamont Jenkins, spokesperson and founder of One People's Project, said it was the first time they had seen the group meet at a library.
“I think they fly under the radar,” they said. Their group spreads information about such organizations to “try to diminish their ability to function,” they said.
Mr. James had other words for One People's Project. They said their own group would not have been a security issue at the library.
“We would never, ever have problems” with blacks, they said. “It's Jews, homosexuals and radical feminists who are causing the problems.”
The white power group's website had included a link (now down) to a video of Oxford resident and strip club manager Easton Byfield, who is black, confronting a white patron at the Platinum Premier strip club in Worcester. Byfield was charged last week with assault in the encounter.
Ms. Jones-Thompson, who organized the Black Culture Movie Night, said they had gotten calls of support from people before the white power meeting was postponed. They said they did not know if there would have been a protest outside the white power meeting.
It is the fifth time Russia has vetoed a U.N. resolution on Syria during the more than five-year conflict
UNITED NATIONS, Oct 8 (Reuters) - Russia vetoed a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution on Saturday that would have demanded an immediate end to air strikes and military flights over Syria's Aleppo city and called for a truce and humanitarian aid access throughout Syria.
It is the fifth time Russia has vetoed a U.N. resolution on Syria during the more than five-year conflict. The previous four times Moscow was backed by Beijing, but on Saturday China abstained from the vote.
Angola also abstained, while Venezuela joined Russia in voting against the text. Eleven of the 15 council members voted in favor of the draft resolution. A U.N. resolution needs nine votes in favor and no vetoes to be adopted. The veto powers are the United States, France, Britain, Russia and China.
(Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Suicide bomber in school uniform kills 47 in Nigeria
A suspected Boko Haram suicide bomber disguised in school uniform killed 47 students in northeast Nigeria Monday, prompting US and UN condemnation of one of the worst attacks against schools with a so-called Western curriculum.
The explosion ripped through an all-boys school in Potiskum just as students gathered for morning assembly before classes began, causing panic and chaos.
The massacre, described by President Goodluck Jonathan as a "dastardly attack", came just a day after the release of a new Boko Haram video in which the Islamist group's leader, Abubakar Shekau, again rejected Nigerian government claims of a ceasefire and peace talks.
Boko Haram fighters parade with a tank through an unidentified town in Nigeria in this screengrab taken on November 9, 2014 from a new video released by the militant group
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on Nigerian authorities to bring the perpetrators of the school attack to justice.
The UN chief "is outraged by the frequency and brutality of attacks against educational institutions in the north of the country", their spokesperson said.
US State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki echoed the call for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and condemned "the horrific attack" by "those bent on fomenting violence, extremism and insecurity".
Students at the Government Comprehensive Senior Science Secondary School were waiting to hear the principal's daily address when the explosion happened at 7:50 am (0650 GMT).
Several witnesses said the blast was "thunderous" and described a bloody aftermath of body parts, abandoned footwear, charred school books and bags.
"There was an explosion detonated by a suicide bomber. We have 47 dead and 79 injured," national police spokesperson Emmanuel Ojukwu said, adding that Boko Haram was believed to be responsible.
Ojukwu also confirmed local media reports that the bomber was disguised as a student at the school, which has more than 1,000 pupils aged 15 to 20.
Yobe state governor Ibrahim Gaidam ordered the immediate closure of all public schools in the Potiskum area and slammed the government in Abuja for failing to tackle the insurgency.
"Urgent action must be taken right now to restore a fast-waning public confidence by doing whatever it takes to stop the escalating violence," they said in a statement.
Jonathan, who is expected on Tuesday to formally declare their bid for re-election, promised those affected that their government would find the culprits, "no matter how long it takes".
- Blood-stained uniforms -
Student Adamu Abdullahi said pupils at the centre of the blast near the principal's office were flung in all directions and others were knocked off their feet.
"I found myself under the weight of another student, who fell over me. I'm certain they were dead. I was dazed and disorientated for a moment," they told AFP.
"When I realised what had happened, I managed to push the body on top of me and started running like everyone else. It was confusion all over. Everybody was hysterical.
"I saw many people on the ground. Human flesh and blood were splattered all over the place... I ran out of the school and went home.
"When my father saw me they were terrified. I didn't realise my white school uniform was stained with human blood and bits of flesh."
The dead and injured were taken to the Potiskum General Hospital just 100 metres (yards) away.
Boko Haram, which wants to create a hardline Islamic state in northern Nigeria, has previously carried out deadly attacks on schools teaching a curriculum it deems to be Western.
In February, gunmen killed at least 40 students after throwing explosives into the dormitory of a government boarding school in Buni Yadi, also in Yobe state.
In July last year, 42 students were killed when Boko Haram stormed dormitories in a gun and bomb attack on a government boarding school in the village of Mamudo, near Potiskum.
Boko Haram's most high-profile attack on a school came in April, when fighters kidnapped 276 girls from the town of Chibok in Borno state, also in northeast Nigeria.
More than six months later, 219 of the girls are still being held.
- Relentless violence -
Potiskum has been repeatedly targeted in deadly attacks blamed on Boko Haram, including last Monday, when a suicide bombing killed at least 15 at a Shiite religious ceremony.
Yobe is one of three northeastern states under a state of emergency since May last year.
But violence has continued unabated and Boko Haram has seized at least two dozen towns and villages in recent months, raising doubts about the government's ability to control the region.
Nigeria: scores killed in suicide attack on school ©V. Breschi/A. Bommenel (AFP)
Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau is shown in this screengrab taken on November 9, 2014 from a new video released by the militant group
Slovenian-born philosopher and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek said a Hillary Clinton presidency is a greater danger to the nation than a President Donald Trump.
Žižek explained that while they are “horrified” by Trump, they believe a Trump presidency could result in a “big awakening” that could set into motion the formation of “new political processes.”
By contrast, Žižek said they see Clinton as “the true danger”–pointing specifically to their insincerity, their ties to the Wall Street banks, and their dedication to the “absolute inertia” of our established political system.
When UK's Channel4 asked Žižek which presidential candidate they would vote for if they were American, Žižek quickly replied, “Trump.”
“I'm horrified at him,” Žižek elaborated, “[but] I'm just left thinking Hillary is the true danger. Why? They built an impossible, all-inclusive coalition. Look, the one point when I fully agreed with Trump was, you remember, when Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary? … Trump said it's like somebody from Occupy Wall Street endorsing Lehman Brothers”:
Bernie Sanders endorsing Crooked Hillary Clinton is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016
Bernie sanders has abandoned their supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016
To all the Bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests, we welcome you with open arms. People first. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2016
Žižek explained that Trump has been able to “disturb” the entrenched political system and argued that a Trump win could set into motion “new political processes”:
In every society, there is a whole network of unwritten rules, how politics works, and how you build consensus. And Trump disturbed this. If Trump wins, both major parties–Republicans and Democrats–would have to return to basics, rethink themselves, and maybe some things can happen there. … It will be a kind of big awakening. New political processes will be set in motion, will be triggered.
Žižek, who has been described as “the Elvis of cultural theory,” rejected the narrative that a Trump presidency would introduce fascism in America. “Look, America is still not a dictatorial state. They will not introduce fascism,” Žižek said.
While the rockstar Lacanian Marxist professor, who has been described as a “leftist rabble-rouser,” said they were concerned by Trump's pledge to appoint conservative Supreme Court justices, Žižek explained that, in their view, the threat of a conservative court pales in comparison to the danger posed by a Hillary Clinton presidency:
Listen, Trump has openly said … they will nominate right-wingers [to the Supreme Court], so there are dangers [to a Trump presidency]. I'm just afraid that Hillary stands for this absolute inertia, the most dangerous one, because she's a cold warrior, and so on, connected with banks pretending to be socially progressive.
Far-left progressive Jill Stein has similarly attacked Clinton for pretending to be socially progressive–describing them as a “corporatist hawk” who is “hostile” to the desires of progressives. Stein has warned that the role of corporate Democrats like Clinton is to “prevent progressives from defying corporate rule.”
Image copyright Getty Images
Average UK wages would be £38 a week lower by 2030 if the UK votes to leave the EU, the Trades Union Congress says.
The pro-Remain organisation is also warning manufacturing jobs would go and employments right be put at risk.
TUC general secretary Frances O'Grady said trade and investment would be affected by an EU exit.
But another union chief, the RMT's Mick Cash, said the EU had pursued a "race to the bottom" on workers' rights and could never be reformed.
Publication of the TUC's research comes amid a drive to recruit traditional Labour voters by the rival sides ahead of the 23 June referendum.
It said the manufacturing sector would be hit seven times harder than those in the services sector because it exports so much to the EU.
301 Moved Permanently The document has moved here. EU referendum issues guide: Explore the arguments http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36027205 https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2016/newsspec_13606/content/iframe/english/index.inc.app.html Explore all the issues Choose an issue: What both sides are saying All issues Main views Share this page EU referendum issues guide What the leave and remain sides are saying in the #EUref campaign
Ms O'Grady said: "Thirty eight pounds a week may not be much for politicians like Boris Johnson, but for millions of workers, it's the difference between heating or eating, between struggling or saving, and between getting by or getting on."
But Mr Cash - whose union represents people in the transport industry - said the EU was no "workers' paradise", pointing to industrial unrest in France and high unemployment rates in other countries.
They told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "We as a union have opposed being members of the EU since 1979, because we do not think workers have benefited from it."
(CBS News) As the Senate gears up for the first fight over new gun legislation in two decades, Republicans do not appear to have the votes they need to execute a planned filibuster on Thursday and a bipartisan breakthrough is likely, according to one Democrat.
Sen. Joe Manchin, a West Virginia Democrat, claims they are close to a deal with Pennsylvania Republican Pat Toomey on a plan to expand background checks to cover firearm purchases made at gun shows and online, a measure that 90 percent of Americans say they support. Under the proposed law, gun sellers would be required to keep records of those checks to help police track gun crimes.
Both Manchin and Toomey are considered friends of the NRA, a factor that makes their plan more palatable to some pro-gun Republicans.
The families of eight Newtown victims will be back on Capitol Hill on Wednesday, urging senators to consider passing more restrictive gun laws. The Barden family, who lost their six-year-old son Daniel in the Sandy Hook school shooting, met with Republican Sen. Johnny Isakson of Georgia, a longtime support of gun rights.
After the meeting, Isaksontold CBS News' Nancy Cordes that as a parent and grandparent they "understand[s] their passion."
"I understand their tragedy, I don't think that I can be empathetic because I haven't walked in their shoes," Isakson said, "but I can certainly be sympathetic and understand how horrible it must be, and I commend them for coming and being a part of the process."
As the Newtown families continues their lobbying efforts, the 14 Republican who committed to filibuster the vote on Thursday say they still plan to do so even as Democrats say they have the votes to block the maneuver.
THE Jets hope that by the end of the week they will have signed a European striker who coach Scott Miller believes can have a similar impact on the A-League as Thomas Broich and Besart Berisha. Miller said on Tuesday that an announcement was "imminent" after a three-month search for an overseas import capable of providing the firepower Newcastle will need to be play-off contenders this season. "Positive discussions have taken place, and I'm happy with all the character checks we've done, so it's pretty close," Miller said. "It's almost imminent, to that point . . . I'd expect by the end of the week personal terms will have been agreed to and visas applied for. We're expecting them to be here quite soon, once it's actioned." In past seasons the Jets have signed high-profile veterans such as Emile Heskey, Michael Bridges and Francis Jeffers, but Miller said their target for this season was not a household name. "Unless you're a football boffin, the name probably won't ring too many bells," Miller said. "Certain people within football will know who they are, but to the average person who perhaps follows Newcastle but not European football, it might be a different story." Having studied video footage and spoken to trusted sources, Miller was confident the player would be an asset. "He's coming here to prove a point," Miller said. "He's not a 36-year-old. He's physically capable and he's hungry to succeed in the A-League. "He's been looking to come out here for quite some time. "He's coming here to make their name. You've got Thomas Broich and Besart Berisha here, and that's the example we're looking at here. "That's the plan." Miller described the player in Newcastle's sights as "very clinical in the box" and capable of creating opportunities for their teammates. "He's a guy that will come short and link up, but their main priority is to spin and get in the penalty area," they said. "That's their profile and why we brought them into the club . . . he's quite flexible, but one thing for sure is he's quite a clinical finisher." They said it was "not a massive concern" that Newcastle's first-choice striker was unlikely to play a trial match before the season-opener in Wellington on October 11. "He's playing currently and he's very experienced, so they wouldn't be coming here depleted," Miller said. "It's not ideal, but having to wait for the right person to come along was better than getting the wrong person in the group. That's why we've been patient." Miller said they could not fault the efforts of Newcastle's interim strike force during the pre-season. "If we weren't creating chances, I'd be disappointed," they said. "We're creating them, but we need to be more clinical in our finishing." Newcastle's last trial against A-League opposition will be against Central Coast in Orange on Sunday. They will then play an intra-club hit-out on September 26. Miller said all positions in the team were up for grabs. "There's a respect and an understanding that nobody is a certainty to line up against Wellington, so that makes things competitive. "And that's their responsibility, to be competitive."
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/silverstone-feed-data/80cb7dd6-aae7-471c-ba93-5a9fea38f058.jpg/r0_512_1938_1607_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Comic actor Dick Van Dyke and their wife escaped unhurt when their car caught fire on a Los Angeles-area highway, California state police said Monday.
Good Samaritans helped the 87-year-old Van Dyke and their wife, Arlene, from their Jaguar after they pulled the car over to the side of the Ventura Freeway in Calabasas, California Highway Patrol spokesperson Saul Gomez said. The fire occurred about 2 p.m. Monday, Gomez said.
Arlene Van Dyke posted video online of the burned-out car and the actor talking with police. Publicist Bob Palmer said Van Dyke was "fine" but "slightly embarrassed" and was "appreciative of the instant help they got on the road."
Fast Facts: Dick Van Dyke
Van Dyke won three Emmy Awards for their self-titled comedy show in the 1960s, won a Tony for their role in the musical "Bye Bye Birdie" and shared a Grammy with Julie Andrews for the soundtrack to the children's classic movie "Mary Poppins."
They won another Emmy for a 1976 variety special and starred in the long-running mystery series "Diagnosis: Murder" in the 1990s.
CNN's Tory Dunnan and Denise Quan contributed to this report.
In the early 2000s, Jefferson Smith grew a reputation in progressive grassroots political circles as the hulking 6' 3” strawberry-blond force of nature behind Oregon's The Bus Project, a non-profit merry band of allies named for a 1978 touring coach bought on eBay, which busied itself , training scores of young people in the mechanics of democracy, signing up tens of thousands of new voters, and selling t-shirts emblazoned with the slogan “Vote, F*cker.” In 2008, Smith won election to the Oregon House of Representatives, where they memorably convinced colleagues on both sides of the aisle to Rickroll the chamber, one word at a time. A well-styled and widely-circulated TED talk last summer on the structural opportunities of politics in the public interest added to their mainstream credibility as a big thinker. In some liberal circles, Smith, now 38, is the embodiment of the promise of netroots-generation politics: the idea that, as the Bus Project puts it, “democracy works best when more people do it”– even when throwing your mind, body, and soul into the process might look a little unhinged. Smith admits that friends think of them even now as ”a golden retriever who is constantly picking up a bone, bringing it back, and not wanting to stop bringing it back.” What Smith is up to now that might count as the most curious turn of their curious career: They go into today's crowded non-partisan primary in a surprisingly good position to be the next mayor of Portland.
”Jefferson's brand of politics,” says Colorado member of congress Jared Polis, a Smith friend, ”is about getting people involved.” As an organizer, Smith's been deeply involved in bringing more people into the political process for more than a decade. ”It's something we all talk about during campaigns now,” says Polis. ”But it can be incredibly difficult to enact while in office.” Look no further than the Harvard Law School graduate, like Smith, now occupying the White House, and their struggles to apply the community organizing principles of their campaign to their presidency. But if anyone can really engage a wide swath of the public in running their government, says Polis, Smith is the one to do it. For the last nine months, Smith's been working hard at convincing the people of Portland of the same thing.
For a long while, it wasn't much working. “If someone was picking a presumptive favorite,” a yawning, fidgety Smith says in a New York City café near City Hall on a January morning, “they wouldn't pick me.” He'd gotten to the state legislature, sure, but he'd never held city-wide office like their opponent, former city commissioner Charlie Hales has. He'd run The Bus Project, but they didn't have private-sector business experience, like Eileen Brady, the long-time favorite in the race and a strong fundraiser. With their poll numbers barely breaking the single digits, they couldn't shake the aura of someone for whom a mayoral bid was just the latest in a string of civic experiments. As The Oregonian later put it in endorsing Hales, “on the stump and in interviews, Smith often seems more activist than executive.”
The night before we meet, Smith's campaign had thrown a fundraiser at Legends, a sports bar in Midtown Manhattan. It was a chance for Smith to reconnect with some old East Coast friends, raise a little money, and spread the word. It was also a reminder that, for some, Smith remains a national figure, no matter how local their ambitions might now be. Among the 70 or so people gathered in the bar's basement was a healthy helping of the better known figures of the liberal blogosphere and local grassroots politics, like Living Liberally's Justin Krebs, Democrats.com's Bob Fertik, and Matt Stoller, who made their name blogging on MyDD and Open Left. After Smith delivered their stump speech over the thumping tones of Gym Class Heroes, they opened up the floor to questions. One came from Stoller. Did Smith think, asked Stoller, that recent history suggests that the United States is at risk of turning into an authoritarian country?
Kinda, answered Smith. But their full response suggests that one thing he's learned on the trail is how to use the opening they create by being "activist,"—per The Oregonian, to sell themselves as plausibly executive. ”We're going to have to figure out how to have a more robust middle class,” said Smith to Stoller, ”or we're going to have to figure out how to be more like Singapore.” In other words, the growing gap between rich and poor is helping to foster friction, resentment, even violence. ”If you have that, the only way to make sure that folks don't rob folks blind is to have more armed police.” In a way, it's a strange answer. One imagines that the question implied worries about police crackdowns on Occupy Wall Street more than, say, concerns about neighbors stealing one another's stuff. But as the response of an activist-mayor, it makes a ton of sense, bridging existential political worries and the nuts and bolts of running a city. No mayor of Portland, Oregon is going to ever completely answer such fraught questions, admitted Smith. ”But when I say, ‘a commitment to democracy,' what I mean is a commitment to citizen rule.”
”There has to be a town in this county where the people rule.”
And that town, Smith has argued throughout their campaign, has to be Portland. After all, it's history is as a city where the public interest had real political pull. The turn of the 20th century saw the invention of ”The Oregon System”—a blend of referenda, ballot initiatives, and other direct democracy measures like letting citizens suggest legislation. People-centric politics, the argument goes, held back corruption and created an environment for governing experiments that have turned out pretty well: the direct election of U.S. senators, land-use planning, voting by mail, public beaches, Labor Day. ”At multiple intervals in American history, we've been willing to answer history's questions with a different set of responses,” Smith said on the stump. What they are warning against is mistaking what has made Portland Portland as expendable quirks. ”There are some powerful forces that would like Portland to be more like Phoenix with rainier weather,” cautions Smith.
Rather than ignoring what makes Portland different, they argue, the city's next mayor should double down on it.
The geography of the city has provided Smith with a powerful case in point. “They don't film a lot of episodes in my part of town,” says Smith of IFC's Portlandia. Other candidates talk about the city's failed promise to East Portland, a once largely rural and suburban area mostly annexed in the '80s and '90s that lacks central Portland's public-transportation infrastructure, including bike lanes and bus routes. Smith, their wife, and their dog actually live there. ”I need an East Portlandia,” they say. As they see it, as goes the relative racially, ethnically, and economically diverse East Portland, so goes Portland, eventually. “We've got to get the full city to make a commitment that this city has to work for everyone.” Smith can be a rapid-fire policy wonk: ask them about ”economic gardening,” an approach to home-growing small businesses that came out of Littleton, Colorado. But in the end, their argument for mayor is basic: Democracy works best when there are more people on the bus. And at the moment, the bus isn't stopping in East Portland.
Their all-aboard philosophy can get Smith in trouble. When they gained the endorsements of the city's police and fire unions, questions arose about how willing they might be in the future to keep up their detailed critiques of law enforcement. But the knock against Smith that seems hardest to shake is more personal. For one thing, he's young, a decade more so than either Hales or Brady. But their youth seems to serve to emphasize another trait: They can be disorganized. He's neglected to pay bar dues over the years. Their driving record is less than stellar. “I would never hire Jefferson to be an administrative assistant,” says Matt Singer, the executive director of The Bus Federation, a four-state umbrella organization that grew out of The Bus Project, who counts themselves as a friend and strong supporter. ”I just never thought that the job of mayor was to be an administrative assistant.” Smith bristles at the notion that their story thus far is one of sloppiness and loose ends. He's run a major organization, they say. Hammered out policy. Passed legislation. Organized local programs.
”If they want to talk details, let's talk details.” They pause for a long time. ”We have a real comfort with details.”
Spend time around Smith, and it seems that when they describe their vision of Portland, they could easily be talking about himself—weird, maybe, but in a way that's a strength. Their exuberance, theirs need to keep going back and getting that bone time and time again, the occasionally messy energy that flows from him, the actual cartwheels that he's willing to do to attract small-dollar donors—that's all part of the package. “Friends from school who are trying to change the world as investment bankers, for good or for ill, they put in a lot of hours,” they say. ”If we're going to change the world for the public interest, we're going to have to work really hard. It's not going to happen with seven-hour days.” Their insistence upon working overtime seems to be paying off; polls last week put him, somewhat improbably, tied for first place in the mayor's race. Absent a majority, the top two vote-getters will go on to the general election in November.
If things go well for Smith, that will be the point at which he'll really begin to answer Polis's question about engaging people into the political process once you're actually in office. Smith talks about budget transparency, and of introducing to Portland the sort of non-emergency 311 system that can connect people directly to the parts of government most relevant to them. But from day one, Smith would have an organizer's challenge even closer at hand. Portland is distinct among big U.S. cities in having a city-commission style municipal government. The city council divvies up the portfolio of managing the city and the mayor are, really, first among equals. Getting anything done ”just takes three votes,” says Stacey Dycus, Smith's campaign director. A Mayor Jefferson Smith would find their strength in convincing other members of the city council to go along with him. It's organizer's task that, Smith argues, he's uniquely qualified to pull off.
As we finish up at that New York City café, I ask Smith what's next for them should they fall short in convincing Portlanders of the merits of having an activist-mayor. ”I'll buy a flock of sheep,” they joke, ”and tend to them.”
Len Wein, comics writer, editor, and co-creator of your favorite characters like Wolverine and Swamp Thing, has died at the age of 69.
Though the cause of death is still unknown, there have been an outpour of tributes from the comic book community online.
Marvel and DC Comics also confirmed the news and issued statements paying homage to Wein.
Wein, who was born in New York City, started their career freelancing with DC Comics around the age of 20. Their career brought them to Marvel Comics, before returning to DC again. He's credited for launching a new version of X-Men in the ‘70s, which included new characters Wolverine, Storm, Nightcrawler, and Colossus drawn by artist Dave Cockrum.
Huge Jackson, the actor best known for their role as Wolverine in the X-Men film series, shared a heartfelt tribute on Wein.
This story is developing.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Coach Jeff Fisher met with the media Friday at the NFL combine. Here's what we learned about the St. Louis Rams:
1. Bradford is staying. Seriously: As if it weren't already clear from Fisher's comments last week and the words of general manager Les Snead on Wednesday, Fisher again reiterated that Sam Bradford is going to be their quarterback in 2015. Much like with the hiring of Frank Cignetti as offensive coordinator, Fisher turned to Bradford for their opinion on hiring Chris Weinke as the quarterbacks coach. Bradford and Weinke dined together last week and Bradford's positive review helped pave the way for their hire.
Fisher called reports that Bradford was free to seek a trade "inaccurate." It's hard to imagine that Fisher would continue asking for Bradford's input on the hiring of staff members if they aren't going to be in place in 2015.
2. Options for Jake Long: Offensive tackle Jake Long is also coming back from a second consecutive ACL surgery and also in line for a potential pay cut. In Long's case, a reduction from their $10.5-million salary cap number is all but a certainty but it's also not out of the question that he, too, could be brought back.
The Rams have already committed to Greg Robinson as the left tackle moving forward, which means Long would have to change positions. Those are discussions the Rams are already having. It's possible that could involve guard, but keep an eye on right tackle. If Joe Barksdale departs in free agency, Long might represent a cheaper, veteran option.
"I don't know what it looks like," Fisher said. "If they come back and he's 100 percent, then he'll have a chance to be a part and contribute to what we're doing. There are possibilities that we've discussed."
3. Why Weinke fits: Fisher officially acknowledged Weinke's hiring Friday and appeared to be pretty excited about it. They said they spoke to three candidates: Weinke, Jeff Garcia and Steve Walsh. See a pattern there? All three were former NFL quarterbacks, something Fisher valued in whoever was going to take over the job.
In the end, Fisher said they wanted to have a quarterbacks coach who had played the game but also had some experience developing quarterbacks. Weinke had the most experience in their time at IMG Academy, where they worked with players such as Russell Wilson and Cam Newton.
"His experience at IMG was a huge factor, what he's done over the last four or five years," Fisher said. "Not only preparing guys for the draft but also a lot of guys have gone back. The veterans have gone back down to work with him. There's going to be a time whether it's two or three months from now where we're going to have a young quarterback. ... It's a good fit."
4. Plan B for Bradford?: As Fisher alluded to, the Rams plan to add at the quarterback position, probably in the form of a drafted rookie but the specific plan for the options that come in behind them has yet to reveal itself. Fisher made it clear that is a fluid situation.
"We don't know what that looks like right now, but I'll let you know," Fisher said. "That could be a veteran, it could be a draft choice, it could be a combination, it could be Austin [Davis], it could be Shaun [Hill]."
Also worth filing away, Weinke has worked with a pair of free-agent veteran quarterbacks in Josh Freeman and Christian Ponder. And the Rams have made it clear they're going to add at the position.
5. Robinson's surgery: Fisher revealed that Robinson had toe surgery earlier in the offseason but doesn't expect it to be much of an issue moving forward.
"He had some offseason surgery, so he's in the building every day," Fisher said. "And they come to the building every day not worrying about going on the practice field and making a mistake. They come in the building every day learning how to be a pro.
"He's had to take a deep breath, rehab and learn. I think you'll see significant improvement."
Douglas Alexander's speech today is a travesty of superficiality and bland meaningless utterances about more powers for the Scottish Parliament. It's not so much light as non-existent. There is, literally no content, no actual detail at all. It is a phantasmagoria and the MP comes over as little more than a stage-hypnotist mouthing incantations to a welcoming media filter. The text is bolstered only by odd references (“Former Chief Rabbi Jonathan Sacks wrote …”). If this is Labour's heavyweight oratory setting out an alternative to independence then god help them.
It's need to be examined because the pliant media, deferential to this London Minister, and self-styled Christian Socialist are reporting their speech in hushed tones.
They make some fantastical claims about Britain, past present and future and lays great play at ‘Devo Max' a notion that remains ill-defined, that their own party opposed being on the ballot in September and that their own MPs are actively organising against as they speak.
Let's take a look at just three elements of their speech.
Alexander says: “The UK is not perfect. But as a multinational, multiethnic, ­multiracial country it works in a way that is the envy of most other nations.” This is in the week that we witnessed the English Defence League and the BNP erected gallows at the trial of those accused of murdering Lee Rigby, a tragic and depressing sign of the Britain Alexander's party helped create.
They must have a short memory about what policies have produced such chaos on the streets of Britain, and they seem to have a complete mindblank about the context of British Foreign Policy that they have been party to and its disastrous consequences.
He's forgotten the court case last year in which Kenyan victims of British atrocities were awarded £20m in compensation. Writing an account of the period Iain Cobain recounts: “Men were whipped, clubbed, subjected to electric shocks, mauled by dogs and chained to vehicles before being dragged around. Some were castrated. The same instruments used to crush testicles were used to remove fingers. It was far from un-common for men to be beaten to death.” Nicola Mercer writing a review of Cobain's book ‘Cruel Britannia' writes:
This savagery by the British continues throughout the colonial period and Cobain details the campaigns in Cyprus against EOKA and in the Aden Emergency where yet more torture was perpetrated on those we captured. The book then makes interesting references to the refinement of torture techniques which were developed in between 1950-1970 known as an “assault on the mind” whereby far subtler techniques capable of causing “irreparable psychological damage” were developed. The scientists found that a combination of five things: sensory deprivation through hooding, together with enforced stress positions, white noise, sleep prevention and very little food together produced “stress that was almost unbearable for most subjects”. This resulted in what became known as the “five techniques” which were subsequently employed against the IRA during interment in 1971 and later banned in the case of Ireland v UK in the European Court of Human Rights in 1978.
It's a peculiarly inane declaration that thinks Britain a beacon of ‘multinationality multiethnicity and multiracial' happiness that ignores the recent military history in Ireland, the mass riots that swept Bristol, Manchester, London, Liverpool, and Birmingham in 2011 or the extraordinary revelations about ‘institutional racism' in the Met.
Reading Alexander's speech you have the realisation that they must live in a virtual cocoon into which this reality cannot seep. Back in the real world their description sounds hollow. It's a world in which UKIP in the ascendancy and where the Hate Van doesn't tour our streets. They sound like the epitome of what Gerry Hassan has described as ‘increasingly self-satisfied, insular, and out of touch London political class.'
Their fantasy of harmony is only matched by their delusional sense about social equality.
“Understand this – the solidarity built within these islands is a moral example to the world.”
Really? This beggars belief. This is the fourth mist unequal country in the world. The media culpability on accepting this as it jars against reality is a real phenomenon.
According to the recently published Marmot Report on inequality and health, one in four children live in poverty, and rising food poverty in the UK has led to what's been described as a ‘Public health emergency' with one in six GPs referring a patient to food banks in the last year alone.
This reality has passed Alexander by. Instead they declare:
“We act together to ensure UK-wide pensions, common UK social insurance, child and family benefits, minimum wage, and a system of equalising resources” …
As does any contemporary European state. Their claim of exceptionalism is ridiculous. They go on:
“Everyone, irrespective of where they live within the United Kingdom, has the same basic democratic, social and economic rights.”
Setting aside the obvious failure of democracy that has led us to this referendum debate, this is a claim that has no basis. There's a mass of evidence that contradicts their blithe claims. See the Equality Trust here.
Researcher Danny Dorling has suggested that in Britain elitism, exclusion, prejudice, greed and despair are replacing Beveridge's five social evils at the dawn of the welfare state (ignorance, want, idleness, squalor and disease), and have become so entrenched in Britain and some other affluent countries that they uphold an unjust system that perpetuates extreme inequality.
You don't have to exaggerate Britain as some sort of hopeless dystopia to just begin to examine some of the harsh realities that Alexander seems oblivious to.
The worst aspect of their speech may not be the rose-tinted apolitical world picture they paint, it may be its Blairite content-free form. They argue: “we should embrace further devolution of powers within the UK and within Scotland” yet actually in no point in this speech do they state what these powers might actually be. With Labour MPs threatening to boycott their own conference in Perth and organising against any further powers, perhaps that was wise.
You can read their speech here.
Celebrities, academics, and journalists have publicly threatened or imagined decapitating Donald Trump, blowing them up in the White House, shooting him, hanging him, clubbing him, and battering their face. They have compared them to Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin. And some have variously accused them of incestuous relations with their daughter and committing sex acts with Vladimir Putin, while engaging in some sort urination-sex in a hotel in Moscow.
Yet all this and more is often alleged to be the singular dividend of Trump's own crudity, as if their own punching back at critics created the proverbial progressive “climate of fear” or “climate of hate” that prompted such uncharacteristic venom.
In truth we are back to 2004-2008, when the Left did to George W. Bush what it is now doing to Donald Trump.
Assassination? Alfred A. Knopf published Nicholson Baker's novel, Checkpoint, about characters fantasizing how to kill Bush. A guest columnist in the Guardian, Charlie Brooker, wrote to their British readers on the eve of the election fearing that if Bush were reelected, there would be no assassin to shoot him: “John Wilkes Booth, Lee Harvey Oswald, John Hinckley Jr.—where are you now that we need you?”
Do we remember filmmaker Gabriel Range's “Death of a President,” the docudrama about Bush's assassination that was a favorite at the Toronto Film Festival? Cindy Sheehan wrote they wished to go back into time to kill a younger Bush before they could be president.
Trump as Hitler or Mussolini is a Bush retread. Well before Trump, everyone got into the fascist/Nazi act, from Sens. Robert Byrd and John Glenn to celebrities like Linda Ronstadt and Garrison Keillor.
Hate? Jonathan's Chait infamous New Republic article began: “I hate President George W. Bush. There, I said it.”
Do we remember the delusions of Howard Dean, who foamed, “I hate the Republicans and everything they stand for”?
Even decapitation chic is not new. After Bush left office, their detached head appeared on a stake in an episode of “Game of Thrones”; had they tried the same with Barack Obama, the hit show would have gone off the air.
Yet there is one difference. The Bush Administration, to paraphrase Michelle Obama, went high as progressives went low, and thus chose not to respond in kind. The result in part was that a battered Bush accordingly left office demonized, with a scant 34 percent approval rating.
The difference with Trump hatred is not some unique intensity or prior provocation, but rather Trump's singular counter-punching. It may not be traditionally presidential, but the Trump mode is to nuke those who first attacked him, in an effort to create a sort of deterrence. CNN, to take one example, or Barack Obama to take another, at least knows that their smug, chic Trump putdowns will receive a reply in a manner that is neither smug nor chic. Trump in Samson fashion is quite willing to pull the temple down on top of himself, if it means their enemies perish first.
Is Trump Pushing an Extremist Agenda?
Trump's agenda so far is an encapsulation of various conservative initiatives of prior presidents. Remember, Trump did not promise to make “America great” but rather “American great again.”
Their emphases on drilling and energy development hark back to the Nixon-Ford-Carter dream of “energy independence.” Long before Barack Obama's precious “We can't just drill our way out of the problem,” there were presidential efforts to promote fossil fuel autonomy; Trump, however, may become the first president to see it actually occur.
Their efforts to close the border and end illegal immigration are similar to what Bill and Hillary Clinton used to promise in their respective campaigns. Americans then and now approve of ending illegal immigration and deporting illegal aliens who have committed crimes or ignored past requests for court appearances.
What was radical was not Trump's immigration agenda but Obama's earlier efforts to nullify federal immigration law while promoting sanctuary cities that openly defied the federal government in the antebellum nullification style of 19th-century South Carolina.
Trump is trying to resurrect Reagan's radical tax cuts and deregulation, albeit in a dangerous age in which their predecessor had doubled the debt in just eight years and left us $20 trillion in the hole. When traditional liberal stimuli—huge annual deficits, near-zero interest, and massive federal spending—fail to achieve 3 percent economic growth, it is time to try free-market alternatives rather than more of the same.
In matters of race, sex, and religion, the old liberal idea was to encourage assimilation, integration, and intermarriage—the melting pot idea of Martin Luther King, Jr., who emphasized the irrelevance of skin color in comparison to the content of our characters. Again, what is radical is the Democratic veer to the hard left, and its mantra that Americans supposedly owe allegiance to their particular tribe first, and second, if at all, to the shared commonwealth.
Trump is a traditionalist as well as a conservative.  They are hated not because they are proposing radical new solutions, but because they believe that the last eight years were deviant and not characteristic of the American experiment. Praising the idea of the traditional West in Poland is presidential; praising underappreciated Western debts to Islam while in Cairo is un-presidential.
Is Trump for the Wealthy and the Elite?
Democrats, as is their wont, have tried to taint Trump as callous and indifferent to the plight of the underclass in their attempts to reform a failed Obamacare that raised rates and premiums and often lowered the quality of coverage.
So far, the typical Democratic gambit of painting Republicans as out-of-touch rich people (remember John McCain's various homes and Mitt Romney's elevator) has not worked because Trump has marketed themselves as a populist intent on restoring small-town, rural, inner-city, and forgotten America. No Democratic politician has used the plural possessive in reference to constituencies—“our miners, our farmers, our vets, or ever talked of fair trade in terms of the individual in need of a job and respect rather than big-time unions and donors to the Democratic Party.
Trump may be a Manhattan billionaire, but they connect with the lower middle-classes in a far more natural fashion than did either Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton—or any of the presumed future Democratic candidates. Trump can be vicious to elites, but it is difficult to imagine them writing off millions of Americans as hopelessly irredeemable and deplorable or pathetic clingers to their guns and religion.
Some criticize Trump's renegotiation of trade deals as protectionist, or their efforts not to get in another ground war in the Middle East as isolationist, or their promise to close the border and make immigration strictly a legal and meritocratic enterprise as restrictionist or nativist; but they cannot argue that such proposals were aimed at elite interests rather than crafted to help American workers, or that they do not have majority public support.
It will be harder to demonize Trump as a callous Paul Ryan or Mitt Romney, largely because their entire message is aimed at the old base of the Democratic Party, the working classes of the red states in between the affluent coastal blue corridors.
Have We Had a Cruder President?
Trump is certainly blunt and sometimes crude. But so far that excess is a matter of rhetoric not behavior.  They are not John F. Kennedy seducing teenagers in the White House swimming pool.  They are not Bill Clinton performing sex acts in the Oval Office bathroom with a 22-year subordinate intern—and then when caught trying simultaneously to lie about it and ruin them
Trump can be blunt, but then so was Barack Obama when they called for supporters to get in the faces of opponents, to punish “enemies” at the polls, and to take guns to knife fights—while lecturing Americans about their laziness and high-horse Christianity or blinkered efforts to cling to their guns and religion. So far Trump has not joked, as did Obama, about using drones to assassinate would-be suitors of their kids or ridiculed the Tea Party with the homophobic slur “tea-baggers.”
Isn't Trump Doomed to Fail?
Not so fast. Almost every Trump initiative so far—more energy development, tax reform, deregulation, an end to illegal immigration, luring capital and jobs back into the United States, renegotiating trade deals, realist deterrence abroad, and mockery of political correctness—earns wide public approval.
Trump isn't running in a vacuum.  They are competing against two quite unpopular entities—the media and the new progressive Democratic Party.
Obama has ushered in a disastrous McGovern-like hard left deviance from the Democratic Party. And the medicine—a Bill Clinton like centrism—is now seen as worse than the illness of losing over 1,000 elections during the Obama tenure. The Democrat nominee in 2020 may make the selection of John Kerry in 2004 against a supposedly doomed George W. Bush look inspired.
The problem with the Democratic Party can be summed up in the strange odyssey of Bernie Sanders. Formerly a weird, hard-Left socialist outlier, Sanders became iconic of the new party by their assault on inequality and their calls for massive government intervention to share the wealth.
But if a self-acclaimed socialist can earn a $1 million a year while on the government payroll, own three tony homes, and have their wife under FBI investigation for mismanaging and bankrupting a college and leaving with a lucrative golden parachute (and perhaps on the way out, evicting the disabled from their college's new digs), then no progressive is immune from the new Democratic stereotype of talking socialist while living hyper-capitalist.
Figures like Mark Zuckerberg, George Soros, Jeff Bezos, and other Silicon Valley and Wall Street grandees are the not Democratic pathway to rebuilding the blue wall. So far Trump has so positioned themselves that most attacks on their agenda reflect the parochial concerns of privileged progressives rather than those of hoi polloi. Every time a MSNBC talking head, a NeverTrump New York pundit, an identity politics functionary, a Hollywood celebrity, a campus Pajama Boy, a Silicon Valley master of the universe, or a Democrat functionary attacks Trump, they end up sounding either snobbish, hypocritical, or parochial—and thereby energizes the Trump populist message.
For now, Democrats are running against Trump the messenger who supposedly has lowered the bar on presidential behavior; they cannot run against their message, largely because they have none of their own, and the Trump agenda is both popular and seen as a return to what used to be the normal way Americans governed themselves.
Separate Trump the president from Trump the media ogre, and then most of their policies seem traditionally conservative, logical, popular, a return to normality, and a much-needed corrective to the past eight years, which is the true lost era.
What is weird is not Trump the ex-reality TV star and tabloid sensation, but their critics who cannot separate the man from message—much less concede that just possibly Trump might succeed because, not despite, who they are.
Content created by The Center for American Greatness, Inc is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a significant audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected]
The head of Irish Water said they were as “confident” as they could be that water would be fixed for Louth and Meath by Thursday.
Irish Water is struggling to mend a mains pipe that burst last Friday impacting thousands of households and businesses. The water outage in the northeast has hit an estimated 70,000 people in the counties and in particular in and around Drogheda, Co Louth.
However Jerry Grant said it would take a number of days after that for the water supply to be restored in full. A special fittng was being made for the asbestos cement pipe which burst, they said.
Mr Grant said these problems may happen with increased regularity in the future. They said 860km of mainly asbestos cement pipe had been replaced in recent years but there was 1000km more to be done over the next few years and that was only the start, they told RTE Six One News
On Monday afternoon Irish Water said water tankers and containers are being transported from across the country , including from Northern Ireland to provide water at temporary water stations.
Irish Water and Louth County Council say repairing the leak has proven difficult because of the age of the pipe, but it is trying to maintain a steady supply to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital, in Drogheda, Co Louth.
It said the hospital has been prioritised to maintain supply as has the commercial centre in Drogheda town in the Mell area, Donore Road, Marley's Lane, Cement Road, Ballsgrove, Marian Park, Crosslanes, and some adjoining estates.
In order to manage remaining water it has recommenced rationing in some areas.
The leak is more than four metres underground and requires a complex repair. Irish Water said a replacement part was secured on Saturday but because of the age and infirmity of the pipe the repair was not effective. A “bespoke” solution is now being worked on but it could be up to Thursday before the part is manufactured and fitted, the utility said.
“Due to the complexit of the repair and age of the pipe and ability to withstand very high working pressures standard the modified fitting arrangements are not holding. The pipe is 50 years years old and has warped. In addition it is one of the highpest pressure pipes which makes the repair more complex,” Irish Water said in a statement.
Irish Water said in a statement on Monday: “Due to the ongoing works to repair a burst water main supplying raw water to the Staleen water treatment plant, storage reservoir levels are now critically depleted leading to further water supply disruptions in Drogheda, Clogherhead, Termonfeckin, Platin Road, Blackbush, Dublin Road, Wheaten Hall, Newtown, Termonabbey, Newfoundwell Road, Termonfeckin Road and parts of East Meath including Duleek, Lagavoreen, Donore, Ashbourne, Stamullen, Kentstown, Kilbride, Ratoath and Ardcath. Repair works for this region have an estimated completion date of July 27th.”
A number of attempts to fix a major water main which supplies the Staleen water-treatment plant were undertaken at the weekend, with crews working under arc lights until midnight on Friday, and throughout Saturday and Sunday.
The Staleen plant brings drinking water to Drogheda and surrounding areas.
Mayor of Drogheda, councillor Pio Smith said the area affected by water rationing covered a distance form Clogherhead, Co Louth to Ashbourne, Co Meath and took in some 70,000 homes and businesses.
The leak occurred on Friday morning and has continued over the weekend with many people facing a fourth day without any water on Monday.
Irish Water says customers should conserve their water supply until further notice.
Irish Water said in a statementthat crews had been working since early on Friday morning to carry out repair works a burst pipe.
Louth County Council said a rotating water roster, whereby water was being rationed to some areas was temporarily suspended at the weekend. “The overnight shut off should result in more available water in the reservoir. Irish Water must completely switch off the water in order to ensure supply to Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda is maintained,” the council statement said.
Irish Water and Louth County Council said three attempts to fix the burst main had failed so far. “Due to the complexity of the repair and age of the pipe and ability to withstand very high working pressures standard and modified fitting arrangements are not holding” a statement on the Louth County Council website said.
Water tankers are on the way to the Drogheda area from all over Ireland, Fergus O'Dowd, Fine Gael TD for Louth and East Meath, has said.
“At this moment water tankers are being mobilised all over Ireland and are on their way to the Drogheda and East Meath areas. Water tankers and containers from Northern Ireland Water have also been mobilised in a great show of cross-border spirit.
“Locations in the affected areas have been selected for standalone water tanks and these will be replenished all day. This means that people will be able to go to these locations and fill up water containers.”
Temporary stations set up to provide water are located at:
Louth
Stameen on the Dublin Road
Termonabbey
Marleys Lane
Bóthar Brugha or Hardmans Gardens
Ballsgrove shops
Shop St North Quay
Meath
Duleek at the church
Lagavoreen at entrance to the estate
Donore village at the church
Ashbourne at Race hill
Stamullen on the Bellewstown road outside the housing estate
Kenstown outside the Londis in the car park
Ardcath at the church
Ratoath, St Paul's School
Ratoath National School Fairyhouse Road
Knockcommon (school)
Garristown (Snailbox carpark)
Curragha (church)
Kilbride Church
Rossnaree Church
People have been advised to bring clean containers, and as a precautionary measure to boil water taken from these stations.
Mr O'Dowd has described the water outage as a crisis for the community.
“The situation in Drogheda has reached crisis point. These are just temporary holding measures; I am calling on Irish Water to redouble their efforts to get this situation fixed.
“They have now assured me that a bespoke solution is now being engineered. This will not be ready until Tuesday and expected to be on site on Wednesday with water services beginning to be restored on Thursday.
“This crisis is affecting people lives, and I want the people of Louth and East Meath to know that I will continue to fight their corner,” the Fine Gael TD said.
Irish Watersaid it has recommenced its programme of rationing for Drogheda from 8am on Monday:
The following areas were supplied with water from 9.00 am until 11.30 am.
Boyne Meadow
Laurences Park
Moneymore
The following areas were supplied 11.30am 3.30pm
Dublin Road & Donore Industrial Estate
Moneymore The Twenties
Trinity Street North Road & adjoining estates
Patrick Street Sandyford
Newtown
The following area is supplied with water from 3.00 pm to 6.00 pm
Collon Road
North Quay to Termonfeckin Road
Ashfield
“Hardmans Gardens (Golden Bowl)
The following areas are supplied with water from 6.00pm until 9.00pm
Marley's Lane
Rathmullan Road
Ballymakenny Road
Highlands
The following areas are supplied with water from 9.00 pm to midnight,
Boyne Meadows
Laurence Park
Moneymore
Irish Water customers can call the company's 24-hour helpline on 1850-278278 or visit water.ie for more updates
LESBOS, Greece — For three weeks American politicians have been fulminating about the peril posed by Syrian refugees, even though in the last dozen years no refugee in America has killed a single person in a terror attack.
In the same three weeks as this hysteria about refugees, guns have claimed 2,000 lives in America. The terror attacks in San Bernardino, Calif., and at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs were the most dramatic, but there's an unrelenting average of 92 gun deaths every day in America, including suicides, murders and accidents.
So if politicians want to tackle a threat, how about developing a serious policy to reduce gun deaths — yes, including counterterrorism measures, but not simply making scapegoats of the world's most vulnerable people.
The caricatures of Syrian refugees as jihadis who “want to kill us,” as one reader named Josh tweeted me, are unrecognizable to anyone who spends time with these refugees. I think some of the harshness might melt if readers could stand with me on a beach here in Lesbos and meet the refugees as they arrive on overloaded rubber rafts after a perilous journey. The critics would see that Syrian refugees are people like us, only wet, cold, hungry and exhausted.
October 22, 2012 14:04 IST
New Delhi's Vardhaman Mahavir Medical College deliberately mistreated its SC/ST students, and has been asked to pay the students Rs 10 lakh each as compensation. Priyanka reports on the sordid affair
T they the easiest way to find out how a college treats its SC/ST category students is to check the list of repeaters and see how many of these students belong to the exclusive category," argues Dr Ajay Kumar Singh, president of Progressive Medicos Forum, a help group for SC/ST students.
And they do have a point. The results for the past few years at Vardhaman Mahavir Medical College, a premier medical college in New Delhi, reads like this: 35 SC/ST students admitted to different batches from 2004-2009 failed in a particular exam held in the first year, namely, Physiology. Of these, 25 students failed in the same subject again in October 2010 in a supplementary examination.
Some of the SC/ST students took four to 14 attempts to clear the paper.
At the same time, none of the general category students failed in Physiology examination in the year 2007, 2008 and 2009. Fifteen students from the SC/ST category failed in 2007. In 2008, 14 students, and in 2009 the number was 25.
The 35 SC/ST students from the college finally complained before the National Commission for Schedule Castes that they were being failed deliberately in a particular subject in the first year examinations.
They approached the commission on November 30, 2010, and said they were being singled out and were being failed in Physiology.
The commission met college authorities and set up an enquiry commission on July 11, 2011. Bhalchandra Mungekar, former MP and an ex-member of the Planning Commission, submitted their report on September 6, 2012.
Mungekar organised four meetings in February, March and June last year where they met the college authorities and the students.
It is alarming when the report states, 'The hostility of the College authorities towards the SC/ST students is found to be so strong that the students had to approach the Information Commission and file applications under the RTI to obtain any information pertaining to their queries.'
The report further states that the students sought help from the college authorities, but, 'they were never entertained.'
Physiology is one of the three subjects in the first year. Students who failed in this paper requested the then principal's permission to attend the second year for the supplementary batch. But Dr VK Sharma did not let them.
The students, who were feeling desperate, then decided to knock on the doors of the Delhi high court in December 2010. Headed by Manish, the group finally did so in December 2010.
"They just would not listen to us," protests Manish, "They would not even receive our applications."
"The college authorities should be fair," says Manish. "But it is a casteist mentality. After Physiology papers in the first year, the college authorities have now started deliberately failing SC/ST students in the pathology paper in the second year."
"They tell us we don't come to class, but our attendance is more than that of the general category students," Manish says.
The group of students who filed the case are now infamously called the 'court batch' in college. A number of student help groups like the Progressive Medicos Forum, Insight Foundation have come forward to support them.
"It is very traumatizing. Students are failed by 1-2 marks. Almost 80 to 85 percent of the SC/ST students in the college are not studying with the regular batch," Manish points out.
For instance, Rajeev Kumar Meena, a student of the 2007 batch, obtained 7 marks in theory and 11 in practical in Physiology in an internal assessment in July 2010. However, when the results were put out on notice, Meena was shown to have obtained 6 marks in theory and 8 marks in practical, and the same was sent to the university's controller of examinations.
Meena failed in the examination.
Dr Shobha Das, head of department of Physiology, explained that the discrepancy had occurred due to 'typographical error'. The results were never rectified; the college authorities said that they had already been declared. The college took no action against Dr Shobha Das.
The students claimed to have to spoken to Dr Raj Kapoor, a liaison officer in the same department. However, the then principal, Dr VK Sharma, didn't know of a liaison officer in the Physiology department. Dr. Kapoor apparently never took the students grievances to the college principal.
The students claim that college authorities allot roll numbers to students in a way so that they know who belongs to the SC/ST category. There are many students of the general category who are supporting their friends. They refuse to give out their names, but one student said, "The authorities allot roll numbers to students according to the 'category' they belong to."
The students also claimed that many SC/ST students were failed by 1 or 2 marks, and consequently they lost an entire academic year. Ajeet Kumar, a student of the 2006 batch, failed because they were short of two marks in the practical examinations. They had cleared the theory paper.
After moving the Delhi high court in December 2010, a court order allowed them to sit for the supplementary batch. However, the college did not take prompt action on this and the students were not allowed till late in the academic year.
By now, the students had approached the high court again to intervene. A supplementary examination in Physiology was conducted under the watch of the Delhi HC in July 2011, and this time around 24 of 25 failing students passed.
After clearing the first year paper, many students assumed that they would be able to get on with the regular batch, but this wasn't the case.
Dr Sharma did not allow these students to sit for the second year examinations in November 2011, citing a Medical Council of India guideline, which states the minimum time gap between the first and second professionals ought to be 18 months.
However, in reply to an application by Ajay Kumar Singh, assistant professor and academic-in-charge Dr Amit Kumar Yadav stated on July 13, 2012, that the gap between the end of lectures in a year and start of fresh batch was 10-14 months in 2007, 2008 and 2009. It was never 18 months.
The Mungekar report thus says that 'complaints of the SC/ST students against college authorities alleging caste-based discrimination are genuine and well founded.'
In the end, the Mungekar report has recommended that Rs 10 lakh should be paid to Manish and other aggrieved SC/ST students for the trauma caused to them.
They also recommended that legal action under the Prevention of Atrocities Against the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes should be taken against the former principal, Dr Sharma, the head of department of Physiology Dr Shobha Das, the present principal Dr Jayashree Bhattachrjee and the liaison officer Dr Raj Kapoor.
Also, the college should arrange for remedial classes or special lectures in English language, the report said.
Ajay Kumar Singh of the Progressive Medicos Forum debunks the idea that students who are better in English have an edge in medical studies. "If the college gives proper training, the student will learn," they say.
The students, however, have had enough. Their years and professional career are at stake.
The U.S. military has its first openly gay flag officer with the promotion of Tammy Smith to the rank of Army brigadier general on Friday.
Smith received their stars in a private ceremony at the Women's Memorial at Arlington National Cemetery, according to a press release from the Service Members Legal Defense Network, an organization promoting lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality in the U.S. military.
Friday was also the first day they publicly acknowledged their sexuality, according to a report from Stars and Stripes, and that acknowledgement comes less than a year after the military ended the "don't ask, don't tell" policy under which an active-duty service member faced punishment or discharge if they or they admitted being homosexual.
“I don't think I need to be focused on that," Stripes quoted Smith as saying. "What is relevant is upholding Army values and the responsibility this carries.”
Smith is serving as deputy chief at the Office of the Chief at the Army Reserve in Washington.  They are a 26-year veteran of the Army and has served in Afghanistan, Panama and Costa Rica as well as stateside assignments.
“It is indeed a new era in America's military when our most accomplished leaders are able to recognize who they are and serve the country they love at the same time," Aubrey Sarvis, executive director of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network said in a statement.
Smith's spouse is Tracey Hepner, director of operations for the Military Partners and Families Coaliton, an advocacy and support organization for LGBT members of the military.
Hepner presented Smith with their stars at Friday's ceremony.
Doug Williams (17) and others at Huddle Up For Healthy Hearts in Annapolis on Sunday. (Jake Russell/The Washington Post)
Heart disease, the number one cause of death in America, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has affected the lives of former Washington Redskins quarterbacks Joe Theismann, Doug Williams and Mark Rypien on a personal level.
Rypien, 52, lost their father and both grandfathers to heart attacks at the age of 52. Theismann's family has a history of heart ailments.
Williams's oldest brother experienced a 90 percent blockage of their arteries in 2013 and had three stents put in their heart. Another brother received cancer treatment but suffered a complication and is now living with one functioning aorta.
The three Super Bowl champions convened for a flag football game Sunday morning at Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis to help raise awareness for cardiovascular health.
The event, now in its third year, is dubbed the “Dare to C.A.R.E. Bowl” and benefits the Heart Health Foundation. It's the brainchild of Dr. John Martin, medical director of the Anne Arundel Medical Center Heart and Vascular Institute. The game was followed by a postgame tailgate in which fans could dine and interact with their favorite players.
Navy quarterback Keenan Reynolds took part as a guest referee along with some of their Midshipmen teammates. Baltimore Ravens defensive tackle Brandon Williams began the game as a guest coach but couldn't resist taking part in the action. They rushed Doug Williams when no blitzes were allowed, almost picked off a pass in coverage and evoked looks of fear on the grown men they were playing against when they took a screen pass down the sideline at full speed.
The legendary Redskins gunslingers enjoyed getting back out on the gridiron and tossing the pigskin around again.
“You can see the competitive spirit start up,” Theismann said. “In the beginning of the game it looks like neither [Williams nor Rypien] can throw the ball 25 yards and at the end of the game they're 40-yard bombs.”
As for the current trio of Redskins quarterbacks — Robert Griffin III, Kirk Cousins and Colt McCoy — Theismann said they can see one of them departing in the near future.
“I don't believe there's room for three of them,” they said. “I think it'd be a great opportunity for probably Kirk Cousins to go someplace else and get a chance to start and play football.”
I think if they make the deal, it'll probably happen during the draft or shortly thereafter because there are a number of teams that need quarterbacks and he's one that can play.”
Theismann said they think it's 75 percent likely the team trades Cousins around the time of the draft.
After accumulating just seven wins in the past two seasons, the pressure is on for the Redskins, and especially Griffin, the starter, to show improvement in 2015.
Rypien believes Griffin is their own worst enemy when it comes to mentality.
“I think they put way too much pressure on their own shoulders to try and carry this team,” Rypien said. “He just needs to go out and do the things that they can do and we know they can do and stop all the talking, get out there and be that guy.”
[Comfortable in their own skin, Griffin is eager to talk small and play big]
Griffin burst onto the scene in 2012 as NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year but has struggled the past two seasons with injuries while trying to transition from being a running quarterback to a prototypical pocket passer. They have said they want to be recognized as an Aaron Rodgers type — a quarterback known for accuracy and performance inside the pocket but runs well on an as-needed basis.
“I think he's got a gift that a lot of us wish we had — escapability,” Rypien said. “I think that's an asset they should use. Do you use it every play? Every time they drop back? No. Your offense is set up to do your reads one, two and three and then get out of there.”
They understand that,” Rypien said. “I think he's going to be fine. Their health is the biggest factor. I think that will enable them to do the things that we know they can do.”
Theismann agrees that health is the primary factor to Griffin's success.
“He's just got to stay healthy enough to be able to learn their position,” Theismann said. “That's been their biggest problem, their inability to stay healthy enough to be able to develop. You see signs when they get a chance to work over a period of time that he's really getting it, got a special talent, has a special ability and then all of a sudden they get hurt.”
“You're taking two steps forward and one step back,” Theismann said. “This league doesn't wait for you. If you don't show it at a certain point in time, they're just gonna go find somebody else. He's under a lot of pressure this year to be able to perform.”
Griffin became a fan favorite during their rookie year, but over the past two seasons, they have drawn the ire of the same fans who were gleefully chanting “RGIII!” on the way to a 2012 NFC East championship.
“We're in a society where we have to have those instantaneous results right now,” Theismann said. “There's no patience for anyone. Robert basically sort of did it to themselves when they had such a great rookie season. Then all of a sudden that was the bar that was set. Now you have to keep on achieving that or else people aren't satisfied. I think he's gonna have a terrific year.”
Times have changed when it comes to how the leaders of NFL teams are criticized.
The 25-year-old decided cut down their usage of social media as of late. After posting an Instagram video of themselves singing to Michael Jackson's “Billie Jean,” the fourth-year signal-caller was criticized by a fan for not spending enough time studying the playbook.
“If it's in the middle of the season and it's a Friday night or a Thursday night before a game and you're hoopin' it up, there's probably some validity to maybe not doing it during that time,” Rypien said. “But if it's in the offseason and you're a human being and you want to have some fun and you want to sing and enjoy yourself, God, come on people. Let's not be barking up a tree that you don't need to.”
“That's going way overboard to think you can't have any fun,” Rypien said.
“At the end of the day, I think sometimes you've got to understand that people are watching every move you make,” Doug Williams said. “There's a certain way you have to carry yourself, not that he's not carrying themselves the right way.”
I don't think anything's wrong with recording a song or video of [a] Michael Jackson [song]. There's nothing wrong with that but we all know you're in a judgmental world and you've got to deal with it.”
Injury history and social media controversy aside, Rypien is confident and ultimately wants the Redskins and Griffin to “bring us another ring back. That's what this area needs. That's what we want. I think RG's the guy that can do it.”
More from The Post:
Robert Griffin III is eager to talk small, play big
First and 10: Would Chargers really trade Rivers to chase Mariota?
NFL draft: What Washington should do along the offensive line
Seven-round Redskins mock draft: Third time's the charm
More NFL: Home page | Sports Bog | Early Lead | Fancy Stats | Draft
Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @Insider
This year, I got the opportunity to do the ball invitation for the Krewe of Proteus. Their invitations have a long tradition, going back to the 1800's, of being lush, elaborate works of art. Most aspects of Mardi Gras production are on a tight schedule, but this time I got to take my time and make something more subtle and painterly than I normally have a chance to do.
I will post more explaining the theme after the parade rolls on Lundi Gras (February 16th), and I am able to post images of the floats and the original designs. Until then, I'll simply say that the theme is "Nature of the Beasts". For the invitation, I represented the King of Proteus as a seahorse, since that is the official symbol of the parade. The various animals seen inside and on the inserts are references to certain floats from this year's designs.
Enjoy!
Invitation folded
Invitation unfolded
Back of invitation
Insert
Ladies' ticket
It's no secret that Lockheed-Martin's development of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter has been, to put it very kindly, difficult. Cost overruns, delayed timelines, engine failures, and poor performance have plagued the fifth-generation stealth aircraft. For instance, Lockheed promised the F-35 would at least match the maneuverability of current jet fighters—but test dogfights between the the F-35 and F-16 have proven otherwise.
Now, War Is Boring's David Axe has found an 8-page document full of talking points from the U.S. Air Force, directing airmen on exactly how to say what a wonderful aircraft the F-35 really is.
"Articulate the capabilities of the aircraft and explain it is a capability warfighters must have (explain why we need the F-35)," states one part of the document.
It also provides detailed answers to potential questions such as "Isn't this aircraft too expensive?" or "The helmet has a price tag of $400,000 per unit. Why is it so expensive, and what does it do?"
In response to the potential question "I heard this aircraft can't dogfight, and it's not maneuverable. Is that true?" the document blasts reports about the F-16 versus F-35 dogfights.
"The F-35 is designed to be comparable to current tactical fighters in terms of maneuverability, but the design is optimized for stealth and sensor superiority. News reports on the F-35's performance against an F-16 was an early look at the F-35's flight control authority software logic, and not an assessment of its ability in a dogfight situation [...] There have been numerous occasions where a four-ship of F-35s has engaged a
four-ship of F-16s in simulated combat scenarios and the F-35s won each of those 4 v 4 encounters because of
its sensors, weapons, and stealth technology."
To be fair, these "guidance documents" are not uncommon in the military, and mainly meant for PR flacks. Still, the document states that "wings will also identify pilots and maintainers who are proficient at telling the F-35 story and are willing to lend their name and image to the effort."
What makes this surprising is that it contradicts some of the Air Force's own internal documents found in July, which blasted the F-35 for multiple failures. For instance, the F-35's poor maneuverability in a dogfight was because, according to the test pilot, "the F-35 was at a distinct energy disadvantage." That's not something you can fix with better "flight control authority software logic."
The guidance document calls for the U.S. Air Force to "engage with national level news media and opinion leaders in the national capital region" starting in October 2015.
So if you suddenly start reading some positive press about the F-35 in the next few months, now you know why.
War Is Boring has a full .pdf of the document here—download and judge for yourself.
Source: War Is Boring
Hello once again intrepid capsuleers! This is CCP Fozzie bringing you another Dev Blog about a few of the new Mobile Structures that will be available to you with the upcoming release of Rubicon 1.1!
When we released Rubicon two months ago we introduced the concept of Mobile Structures, a set of deployable objects that allow players to have more control over their local environment and that represent the first applications of our completely new space structure codebase. We have enjoyed watching as our players took advantage of these structures and explored the new options available to them.
Rubicon 1.1 will contain five new Mobile Structures, three of which are aimed at “farms and fields” gameplay and have already been covered in CCP SoniClover's recent dev blog. The other two are more open ended in their goals, intended to provide flexible tools that creative players can use in a variety of ways. Open ended tools are one of my favorite things about sandbox games like EVE, where being among the first to come up with a completely new non-obvious strategy is extremely rewarding.
This blog will contain a quick status report with statistics about the original Rubicon structures, coverage of these two new 1.1 mobile structures, as well as an update to the plan for the previously announced Encounter Surveillance System that we are implementing based on the valuable feedback we have received from the player community so far.
Last time, in EVE Online: Rubicon
In our Rubicon 1.0 release last November we introduced our first four Mobile Structures. These structures were based on completely new space structure code and were far simpler to deploy and use than any previous EVE structures. We have been very happy to see how quickly players have embraced these new tools and started using them to improve their gameplay.
In the slightly over two months since Rubicon launched, we have seen a flurry of mobile structure activity, led by very rapid adoption of the Mobile Tractor Unit.
In this time period, Mobile Tractor Units have been deployed into space a staggering three million times, with an average of about 10,000 unique characters deploying MTUs each day.
Mobile Depots have also been incredibly popular, with over 200,000 Depots deployed since Rubicon's launch.
The more advanced and specialized Mobile Cynosural Inhibitor has seen much more modest usage as expected, with a total of just over 500 separate Cynosural Inhibitors launched into space so far.
Interestingly, the biggest users of the Mobile Structures by far are those of you running missions for the Sisters of EVE corporation. This may be a sign that those players who switched to Sisters of EVE missions to take advantage of the new SoE faction ships are among the pilots most responsive to new opportunities in the game. An amazing 11% of all Mobile Tractor Unit deployments and 5% of all Mobile Depot deployments have taken place in constellations that are known for their Sisters of EVE agents.
We have even noticed different preferences between the groups of mission runners in different constellations. Those of you running SoE missions out of Osmon are the universe's most avid users of Mobile Tractor Units, while those of you living in Apanake are the biggest users of Mobile Depots. Lanngisi residents fall into the middle, using both structures to a great degree.
I haven't yet mentioned statistics for the Siphons introduced in Rubicon, because we are endeavoring to be very careful with what information we release about the usage of these strategically significant devices. We do feel comfortable sharing that siphons are being deployed on Starbases all over EVE, and have been extremely successful at liberating the precious moon materials found within.
In the two months since Rubicon, over 245 billion isk of moon minerals have been siphoned from the mining towers of New Eden. That's enough moon minerals to produce over 20,000 Interceptors!
From the start, the development of our new space structure code base was intended to enable a wide variety of additions to EVE Online, and more types of personal mobile structures are a significant part of that plan. As the minutes from last summer's CSM summit mentioned, we had designs for twelve deployable structures in place as of last summer. We won't necessarily implement all of these designs (and of course we have added to our collection of potential Mobile Structures with help from our creative community), but two more of those original twelve structures are going to be available to you for the first time in Rubicon 1.1!
Mobile Micro Jump Unit
The Mobile Micro Jump Unit is the first mobility enhancer that we are implementing within the Mobile Structure system. Its functionality will be very familiar to those of you who have used the Large Micro Jump Drive ship module. When active, any player within range can use it to launch their ship 100km in any direction. It has no cooldown between uses or limit to how many ships can use it at once, but it does have a spoolup time of 12 seconds just like the MJD module.
The Mobile Micro Jump Unit can be used by any ship that is smaller than a carrier, and does not discriminate between its owner and any other player that tries to use it. It is a one-time use disposable structure with an affordable manufacturing cost of about one million isk and a lifetime of two days.
We expect this structure will be especially useful for players who choose to take the time to strategically place them in areas where they will be needed in the future, as well as any player who wishes to take advantage of the power Micro Jump effect on a ship other than the battleships that previously had access to the Large Micro Jump Drive module.
To find all the details about the Mobile Micro Jump Unit as well as provide your feedback on the structure, check out this thread in our Features and Ideas forum.
Mobile Scan Inhibitor
The new Mobile Scan Inhibitor is all about control of information. This tool will for the first time allow players to limit the information available to their opponents over a specific area. When active, the Mobile Scan Inhibitor will prevent the operation of both combat probes and directional scanners by or against anything within its 30km radius. The structure itself is always visible to both probes and directional scans, and is extremely easy to pinpoint using probes. This means that any other players in system will be able to easily tell where something might be hiding, but will not know what that something might be.
Players that are inside the radius of the Scan Inhibitor will also find their own probes and directional scanners disabled by the structure's interference, so those hiding behind the Scan Inhibitor will be blinded by the same fog of war as their opponents.
The Mobile Scan Inhibitor is another one-time use disposable structure, costs about fifteen million ISK to build, and lasts one hour.
The Mobile Scan Inhibitor allows players to wield the power of uncertainty against their enemies, either dissuading a timid opponent from approaching or goading an overconfident one into a carefully laid trap. Information weapons are inherently flexible in their use, and we expect to see many great EVE stories arise from the creative use of these new structures.
All the details and discussion about the Mobile Scan Inhibitor you could hope for can be found in this thread in our Features and Ideas forum.
Encounter Surveillance System: Now with improvements thanks to your feedback!
CCP SoniClover announced the new Encounter Surveillance System in this previous Dev Blog, and they have been working hard to incorporate the excellent feedback our community has provided into improvements to the structure's design.
The Encounter Surveillance System is a structure that allows nullsec pirate hunters to optionally increase the rewards of their efforts in exchange for increased risk. This has the effect of giving players more control over their risks and rewards they encounter, as well as providing engaging player interaction as small groups of players can roam through hostile space and attempt to steal riches from the ESS modules deployed throughout nullsec space.
When we announced the last iteration of the ESS structure, many players indicated to us that they believed that the risk/reward balance of the structure was out of whack. It was too easy for fast ships to steal ISK from the ESS before the local residents would be able to scramble their defenses, and the potential benefits would not be worth the increased risk to player's wealth generation.
Taking this feedback to heart, SoniClover and our team have improved the ESS with several tweaks that should make usage much more attractive for Nullsec residents and therefore provide a rich target environment for skilled raiders.
The biggest changes relate to the rewards for using the ESS and the length of time for which a potential thief must remain vulnerable:
With an active ESS in system, bounties pay out Loyalty Points in addition to the ISK reward. LP reward starts at 0.15 LP per 1000 ISK and can increase to 0.2 LP per 1000 ISK as the bonus payout increases. This LP reward is given directly to the pilots who collected the bounties and is not stored in the ESS pool. These loyalty points can be redeemed at any station belonging to the Navy corporation belonging to the empire that produced the ESS being used (for example a Caldari Encounter Surveillance System will provide Loyalty Points for the Caldari Navy).
There is now no timer to open the ESS window where the player gets to choose to Share or Take all, but both options now have separate timers on them. Share requires 30 seconds, Take all requires 210 seconds. Moving out of range while the timer is ongoing resets the timer. This prevents players from safely leaving an alt on the ESS and sharing as soon as a hostile enters local.
Interacting with the ESS now puts a warp disruption effect on the ship interacting with it. Ships immune to bubbles are not immune to this effect.
There are also several smaller changes being made to the ESS attributes:
A decrease in build cost from 30 million isk to 25 million isk
Hit points increased from 150,000 to 250,000
Volume increased from 150m3 to 200m3
Increased minimum range to stargates and stations from 300km to 3000km.
Activation time increased from 60 seconds to 120 seconds.
All the same basic functionality of the ESS from the original version remains intact in this iteration, and the extra LP rewards are added on top of the potential increased ISK gain.
We want to give a special thanks to all the players who provided valuable feedback to the original ESS proposal and have helped improve the design significantly. The invaluable player-elected representatives in the Council of Stellar Management have also been extremely helpful by collecting and focusing feedback in discussions with our development team.
To further discuss these changes to the ESS plan, check out this thread!
All of these Mobile Structures are coming your way on Tuesday, January 28th with our Rubicon 1.1 point release. We are very happy to be able to bring you this rapid follow-up to the Rubicon expansion and we hope you enjoy taking advantage of these new tools as much as we have enjoyed making them for you!
Thanks for reading, and good hunting!
-CCP Fozzie
New to EVE? Start your 14-day free trial today.
Returning pilot? Visit Account Management for the latest offers and promotions.
When San Diego City Attorney Jan Goldsmith's office offered a plea deal in May to a man prosecuted for writing protest graffiti in chalk outside a local bank, it included a common stipulation.
Along with admitting guilt, Jeff Olson would've had to take a day-long class and perform 32 hours of community service through the Corrective Behavior Institute, a nonprofit life skills organization that operates out of an inconspicuous La Mesa business park.
“I thought I'd be in there with 17-year-old taggers watching an outdated video that says it's not cool to damage public property,” said Olson, 40. They rejected the deal and was later acquitted.
Organizations like Corrective Behavior are a common part of the legal system, supervising community service and offering classes that teach defendants the wrongs of their ways in misdemeanor cases involving shoplifting, graffiti, theft and more. Corrective Behavior says it hires instructors who lead participants in talks about triggers for their anger and their attitudes about shoplifting. They have group conversations about graffiti and do community cleanups.
But by turning to the Corrective Behavior Institute, local law enforcement officials have sent people who haven't followed the rules to a nonprofit that hasn't followed them either.
A Voice of San Diego review found shoddy recordkeeping, red flags in financial records and poor internal oversight at the organization. Even those who have led the nonprofit haven't always known who was in charge.
In 2008, its leader, Margherita Martinez, testified that they were not running the organization, even though they signed forms telling the IRS they are. Martinez was under oath, answering questions because they and Corrective Behavior had been sued over an outstanding loan. Martinez said they didn't know who was on the organization's board or whether it even had one – even though records show they were on its board and was its only member.
California's Secretary of State office, which registers corporations, has revoked the institute's rights to operate as a business. It's nine years late filing statements of information with the secretary of state and its annual reports with state Attorney General Kamala Harris' office.
And yet it has received a steady stream of referrals from Goldsmith's office and the San Diego County Probation Department, highlighting a statewide shortcoming with regulating court-ordered classroom programs.
State law has invited life-skills organizations like Corrective Behavior into the criminal justice system. But the state hasn't subjected the companies to formal regulation or oversight, allowing them to operate without professional standards, experience requirements or common curriculum.
“The law seems to be silent as to oversight,” said Michael Roddy, executive officer of the San Diego Superior Court. “It's a hole out there I wish the Legislature would address. It's a real concern.”
San Diego Superior Court includes Corrective Behavior in a list of providers for people guilty of misdemeanors like theft, shoplifting and graffiti. Being listed there takes little effort. Complete a short one-page form swearing that you're qualified and you're good to go.
Claiming you're qualified is easy enough, since no state or county qualification standards exist. No resume, training or experience are required.
The result: Anyone can start a business offering rehabilitation classes and be listed by the courts, regardless of whether they're trained and qualified to teach.
To be listed as a provider in graffiti cases like Olson's, Corrective Behavior provided only the following sparse description of its offering: “Community clean-up, group discussion. Guest speaker. Nine hour program.”
The court's list has influence. Regan Savalla, a chief deputy city attorney, said they have recommended Corrective Behavior because it appears there. But that's no seal of approval. The court system disavows responsibility for the quality of the providers listed.
In response to our findings, Goldsmith told VOSD they were directing their prosecutors to stop recommending Corrective Behavior pending a review by their office. Sarah Gordon, a spokesperson for the San Diego County Probation Department, also said their office would review the issues VOSD has raised.
As a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, Corrective Behavior gets benefits other businesses don't. It is exempt from paying state and federal corporate income taxes. It's also eligible to receive tax-deductible donations.
But because its budget is so small, with $85,000 in revenue in 2011, Corrective Behavior also falls into an oversight gap federally. The IRS pays little attention to small nonprofits like it, said Daniel Borochoff, president of CharityWatch, which rates and evaluates charities for donors.
Voice of San Diego asked Borochoff to review Corrective Behavior's annual disclosures to the IRS, documents meant to increase transparency. They said they were sloppy, completed in a way that makes it impossible to determine how much money is being spent on administrative costs versus programs, a basic measure of a nonprofit's effectiveness.
“It's lacking financial accountability and oversight, two bedrock principles of well-run nonprofits,” Borochoff said. “It's so small it's probably not on anyone's radar screen.”
Lauren Dunlap, who's now running the organization, said responsibility for it had been passed down from their grandmother to their mother, and now to them They said they were unaware of any of the issues VOSD raised.
“My tax lady does all that with me,” they said. “I need to get in contact with them as soon as possible. I was under the impression that everything was running smoothly and taken care of.”
Corrective Behavior has a significant debt that it hasn't reported on IRS disclosures. It borrowed $85,000 in 2005, when it was run by Ann Ledee, Dunlap's now-deceased grandmother. Ledee secured the loan with Corrective Behavior and its assets as collateral, records show.
Dunlap said the money isn't owed by Corrective Behavior, but instead by their mother, Martinez. But a judge's order lists the nonprofit as one of the parties responsible for repaying the money. Borochoff, the nonprofit watchdog, said the organization should have disclosed the debt.
Other expenses stand out. Though Corrective Behavior is classroom-based, it's reported spending $75,000 on telephones in the last five years. It isn't clear why. Dunlap sounded surprised when asked about the expenditure.
“On telephones?” they said, noting the organization's phone bill is approximately $150 per month. “I don't see $75,000 worth of telephone bills. That's odd to me.
“I don't know where this info is coming from, but I need to get to the bottom of it.”
The information comes from the organization's own disclosures to the IRS, which are filed under penalty of perjury. Dunlap told me they would investigate and immediately call back. They did not.
Have you attended classes or done community service through Corrective Behavior Institute or another local provider? We want to hear from you. Share your experience with Rob Davis at robdaviswrites@gmail.com or call them at 619.259.0529.
Voice of San Diego is a nonprofit that depends on you, our readers. Please donate to keep the service strong. Click here to find out more about our supporters and how we operate independently.
Istanbul police continue anti-terror raids
ISTANBUL - Anadolu Agency
DHA Photo
A dozen suspected militants have been remanded in custody following anti-terror raids across Istanbul on the morning of Aug. 4, police said.Of the 23 suspects arrested in the raids, police earlier identified three as being linked to the far-left Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C).Later, 10 were identified as suspected members of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) while eight are accused of being Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) extremists. The remaining two are said to belong to the Marxist-Leninist Communist Party (MLKP).The raids on 13 addresses in Istanbul's Sultangazi, Gaziosmanpaşa and Bağcılar districts were backed by helicopters and saw firearms, fireworks, petrol bombs and documents seized, police said.Aside from the 12 detained by an Istanbul court, four were released, two sent to be deported and the other five are still being processed.One suspect has been detained in an operation against the far-left Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) in Istanbul's Okmeydanı neighborhood, while 12 out of 23 suspects who had been detained in vast anti-terror operations since July 27 have been arrested.Anti-terror police raided two addresses in Okmeydanı early Aug. 5 and detained one suspect in an operation against the DHKP-C.Meanwhile, 12 suspects were arrested by Istanbul courts as part of the anti-terror operation.Police said all the suspects had been preparing to carry out an unspecified mission when they were arrested. Further arrests are expected, according to police.All four groups are designated terrorist organizations in Turkey.ISIL is thought to be responsible for a suicide bomb attack on pro-Kurdish activists in the southeastern town of Suruç last month that killed 32 people.The other three are all left-wing groups, with the PKK being the most prominent among them. It has fought a bloody insurgency against Turkey since 1984 and, alongside ISIL, has been the target of recent airstrikes by the Turkish air force.The DHKP-C, like the PKK, is considered a terror group by the European Union and the United States, and was most active during the Cold War era. This year it claimed responsibility for an attempted grenade attack on police guarding Istanbul's Dolmabahçe Palace and its members were involved in a hostage incident that ended in the death of a prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz following a shootout with police in March.The MLKP has strong ties to the PKK and has sent a number of members to fight alongside Kurdish forces in Syria and Iraq against jihadists.
They had promised an “all-star” gathering of “winners” the likes of which you'd never seen, name-dropping A-list luminaries such as the Super Bowl-winning quarterbacks Tom Brady and Ben Roethlisberger, as well as decorated coaches Mike Ditka and Bobby Knight.
And they gave us Antonio Sabato, Jr. and Scott Baio.
Yes, on Saturday night's edition of the Fox News program Justice with Judge Jeanine, Baio announced that he'd been personally selected by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to speak at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio. And, judging by Baio's description of the hasty invite, it seems not only that he's been in part supporting Trump for the subsequent media exposure he's received, beaming over the amount of “interviews” he's conducted since their endorsement, but also that Trump is desperately scrambling for any sort of celebrity cachet they can inject into their stale RNC lineup.
“It's been fantastic, Judge. It started with you, and from that I've gotten so much time to talk about Donald Trump, a man that I believe in, and I've done I don't know how many interviews, and radio, and print, and things like that,” said Baio. “I was at a fundraiser for Mr. Trump the other night with my wife, and they invited me to speak at the convention—which was completely unexpected and out of left field. I mean, they had given a speech and they were walking out and I looked at them and I said, ‘Mr. Trump, Scott Baio…,' and they said, ‘Oh my god!' And they said to me, ‘Do you want to speak?' and I said, ‘Here?' and they go, ‘No, no, at the convention!' And I went, ‘Ugh… o…okay,' and we went inside the house where the fundraiser was.”
Baio, who made a name for themselves starring as ladies' man Chachi on the sitcom Happy Days and its spin-off Joanie Loves Chachi, and later as the title character on Charles in Charge, claimed he'll be speaking Monday night at “around 8 o'clock,” adding, “I don't know exactly what it is that I'm talkin' about [at the convention].”
In addition to endorsing Trump, Baio has in recent months taken to Twitter to feud with teens on their desired POTUS's behalf (his Twitter avatar is a photo of them giving the thumbs-up with Trump), is firmly in the #AllLivesMatter camp, has insinuated that President Obama is “a Muslim or a Muslim sympathizer” who wants to “totally eliminate” the United States, and likes to post photos of themselves wearing Trump's face on their feet.
He's also tweeted a meme calling Trump's opponent Hillary Clinton a “cunt,” and back in April earned themselves some conservative talk-show hits when they tweeted out a photo of a Starbucks cup with the name “Trump” scrawled on it, claiming that the barista refused to call out the name on the cup—which apparently led to some sort of altercation between Baio and barista. Totally normal behavior.
Baio has, quite conveniently, generated a lot more publicity for themselves since joining the Trump train. Prior to that, their career had gone cold. Their last TV role was in the Nickelodeon series See Dad Run, which was canceled in 2014, and the last Hollywood film they starred in was 2004's Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2, which received a score of ‘9' on Metacritic, with The Wall Street Journal calling it “unspeakably ghastly,” as well as the distinction of being the No. 3 worst-rated movie in IMDb history—behind the Turkish action flick Code Name: K.O.Z. and Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas.
The addition of Baio means that Trump's so-called “celebrity” speakers at the RNC will include two former VH1 reality show hosts—Baio starred in Scott Baio Is 45… and Single, while Sabato, Jr. appeared in the dating competition My Antonio, where a group of women vied for the heart of the ex-model. It will also include Natalie Gulbis, who in 2015 was the 363rd-ranked female golfer in the world and appeared on the second season of Trump's reality competition series Celebrity Apprentice, as well as UFC President Dana White.
Aside from their reality show bona fides, Baio also seems to share Trump's misogynistic views towards women. In a 2007 interview with Howard Stern—a platform that Trump used to trash the looks of several of the most famous women in the world, including Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian, and Angelina Jolie—Baio bragged about their numerous female conquests, grading them on how well they performed in bed, and confessed that he'd slept with “less attractive” women as a way of charity, or in their words: “giving back.”
“I wish that people could meet Donald Trump. I really do,” said Baio during their recent Judge Jeanine appearance. “He's such a regular guy, and every time I've been with them and talked with him, he's a guy… he's just a guy… who is very successful. And that's one of the things I hope will connect with millions of Americans.”
TOKYO (Reuters) - Plutonium found in soil at the crippled Fukushima nuclear complex heightened alarm on Tuesday over Japan's protracted battle to contain the world's worst atomic crisis in 25 years.
The control room of reactor No. 2 with restored lighting at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, March 26, 2011. REUTERS/Tokyo Electric Power Co./Kyodo
Tokyo Electric Power Co (TEPCO) said the radioactive material — a by-product of atomic reactions and also used in nuclear bombs — had been found in soil in five places at the plant, hit by an earthquake and tsunami on March 11.
The drama at the six-reactor facility has compounded Japan's agony after the twin disaster left more than 28,000 people dead or missing in the devastated northeast.
“I apologize for making people worried,” Sakae Muto, vice-president of under-pressure TEPCO, said at a briefing around midnight in Tokyo. Yet they stressed the traces of plutonium-238, 239 and 240 were not dangerous and work would not be stopped.
“It's not at the level that's harmful to human health.”
Muto said the readings were similar to those found in the past in other parts of Japan due to particles in the atmosphere from nuclear testing abroad.
TEPCO said it was unclear where the plutonium was from, though it appeared two of the five finds were related to damage from the plant rather than from the atmosphere.
Experts believe that at least some of the plutonium may have come from spent fuel rods at Fukushima or damage to reactor No. 3, the only one to use plutonium in its fuel mix.
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said the find was expected due to known fuel degradation.
CONTAINMENT BREACHED
Japan's own nuclear safety agency was concerned at the plutonium samples, whose levels of radioactive decay ranged from 0.18 to 0.54 becquerels per kg.
“While it's not the level harmful to human health, I am not optimistic. This means the containment mechanism is being breached so I think the situation is worrisome,” agency official Hidehiko Nishiyama was quoted as saying by Jiji news agency.
The plutonium discovery, from samples taken a week ago, was the latest bad news from the Fukushima plant, where engineers are resigned to a struggle of weeks or possibly months to re-establish cooling systems vital to control of the reactors.
On Monday, TEPCO said highly radioactive water had been found in concrete tunnels that extend beyond one reactor.
Fires, blasts and leaks have forced engineers to stop work at times, including at the weekend when radiation spiked to 100,000 times above normal in water inside reactor No. 2.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said a partial meltdown of fuel rods inside the reactor vessel was responsible.
The crisis, the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986, has already contaminated vegetables and milk produced in the area, as well as the surrounding sea.
APOCALYPTIC SCENES
With Japan's towns and villages on the northeast coast reduced to apocalyptic landscapes of mud and debris, more than a quarter of a million people are homeless. The event may be the world's costliest natural disaster, with estimates of damage topping $300 billion.
The environmental group Greenpeace said its experts had confirmed dangerous radiation of up to 10 microsieverts per hour in Iitate village, 40 km (25 miles) northwest of the plant.
It called for the extension of a 20-km (12-mile) evacuation zone. “It is clearly not safe for people to remain in Iitate, especially children and pregnant women, when it could mean receiving the maximum allowed annual dose of radiation in only a few days,” Greenpeace said in a statement.
In most countries the maximum permissible annual dose for radiation workers is 50 millisieverts, or 50,000 microsieverts, according to the World Nuclear Association Industry body.
Greenpeace urged Tokyo to “stop choosing politics over science.”
Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from a 20 km (12 mile) radius around the plant and people within a radius extending a further 10 km have been told by the government to stay indoors or, better still, leave too.
Beyond the evacuation zone, traces of radiation have been found in tap water in Tokyo and as far away as Iceland.
The U.S. government said tiny traces of radiation believed to be from Japan were being detected by sensors round the nation, but were “far below levels of public health concern.”
Japanese officials and international experts have generally said the levels away from the plant were not dangerous for human beings, who in any case face higher radiation doses on a daily basis from natural sources, X-rays or flying.
LEADERSHIP PROBLEMS
Facing a long and uncertain operation, TEPCO sought outside help from firms including Electricite de France SA and Areva SA, a French government minister said.
Japan is also seeking American help, said Robin Grimes, head of the center for nuclear engineering at Imperial College in London. “Each country has its own expertise.”
Mark Prelas, a professor of nuclear engineering at University of Missouri in the United States, warned against overreaction to the fast-moving events in Japan.
“It's worth remembering that millions of Americans in the west of the country would have been exposed to tiny traces of plutonium during the above-ground bomb tests prior to the 1960s,” they said.
The risk of a core meltdown had receded, they added, and hopefully water pumps would be restarted in the next couple of weeks to get the reactors into a safe “cold shutdown” stage.
“The eventual clean-up still looks like it should be easily manageable,” they added.
The crisis has put huge pressure on TEPCO, which has been criticized for safety lapses at the plant and a slow response to the disaster. Its boss Masataka Shimizu has barely been seen.
Prime Minister Naoto Kan, leading Japan during its worst crisis since World War Two, has been similarly low-profile.
Slideshow (19 Images)
Even though Japan's culture stresses group efficiency over individual charisma, many are unhappy and a weekend poll suggested two-thirds of people felt Kan was not showing leadership.
“The characters involved are too weak to take decisive actions,” said Jesper Koll, analyst at JP Morgan Securities.
Ottawa's light rail project is the most expensive infrastructure undertaking in the city's history.
The $2.1-billion cost alone, borne exclusively by taxpayers, makes the LRT the most consequential project in Ottawa right now.
So there should be virtually no questions about the project that are out of bounds.
But this is what the city's general manager of transportation services, John Manconi, told reporters when asked what happened to the May 2018 target date.
"I know you're looking for us to give you all kinds of dates and so forth," Manconi said. "The fact of the matter is this — the train will go into revenue service when the train is ready to go into revenue service."
Date was always May 2018, documents show
Neither Manconi nor transit commission chair Stephen Blais would say when this massive project might actually be finished, although the councillor insisted it will "be on schedule for 2018."
But what schedule is the councillor talking about?
Because here is the actual fact of the matter: the LRT was supposed to operational by May 2018. Many documents reference that date, including older versions of the Confederation Line website.
This archived February 2016 screenshot from the City of Ottawa's Confederation Line website shows that the plan was initially to have full LRT service launched by the spring of 2018. (www.ligneconfederationline.ca)
In documents released by the city Thursday afternoon, it's now clear the intended date for the LRT to be in service was early May 2018.
The contract between the city and Rideau Transit Group, the consortium building light rail, specifies that the "scheduled substantial completion date" is May 7, 2018. The contract also defines "revenue service availability" — that's contract-talk for when light rail would be usable by the public — as "substantial completion."
Hence, light rail was to go into revenue service on May 7, 2018.
The train will go into revenue service when the train is ready to go into revenue service. - John Manconi, general manager of transportation services
Missing that deadline, which now appears to be the case, may cost RTG money.
According to a recent email from the city's LRT construction director Steve Cripps, the contract offers RTG financial incentives to meet certain milestones such as the substantial completion date.
It's unclear what the other financial ramifications — if any — of missing that deadline may be.
Above-ground work may also be behind schedule
There's another, much earlier, deadline that RTG needs to meet: June 1, 2017. In 10 weeks, the "downtown core elements" are supposed to completed — sidewalks and streets are supposed to be paved, hoarding removed and, presumably, deep gaping holes in city streets are supposed to be covered over.
Currently, parts of Queen Street between Bank and O'Connor are torn up, while Rideau Street is still recovering from last June's sinkhole. What shape will these downtown streets be in come Canada Day, a mere 10 weeks from now? Cripps is expected to update the mayor and council on these issues over the next month or so.
The above-ground LRT work was supposed to be done by June 1, 2107. It's unclear whether holes like this one at Queen and O'Connor streets, will be covered over by Canada Day. (Joanne Chianello, CBC News)
When council approved the LRT contract in December of 2012, it called for "RTG to play an active role in our sesquicentennial celebrations on July 1st, 2017." The plan called for downtown stations to be available for tours, and for people to have demonstration rides on part of the line.
Those demonstrations rides are now off, although it's unclear when that was decided. Instead, a production by Montreal-based studio Moment Factory will be shown in Lyon Station. The production is supposed to be installed and ready for viewing by the end of June.
Rideau sinkhole likely cause of delay
Although city officials are refusing to even confirm that the light rail project will be completed later than originally expected, it's likely that the fallout from the Rideau sinkhole has pushed back opening day.
"The sinkhole did cause some setbacks, as you know," Manconi told reporters this week. "We all need to remind ourselves we had a massive sinkhole. Nobody got hurt. Nobody died."
When does John Manconi believe light rail will arrive in Ottawa? As they recently told reporters, 'the train will go into revenue service when the train is ready to go into revenue service.' (CBC News)
It's a bit of an odd statement. Presumably what Manconi is getting at is the fact that LRT and city workers had to deal with a huge emergency, that luckily no one was injured, and that a minor delay is a small price to pay.
And that would be reasonable — if anyone actually said that. Instead, city officials have insisted for the past 10 months that the project was on time, despite the obvious delays being caused by the sinkhole.
And worse, they've now stopped answering questions altogether about when the LRT project might be completed.
One year after the elections that kept Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in power but resulted in a disappointing showing by their Likud-Beytenu list, the two-party alliance is seeing dramatic gains among likely voters. If elections were held today, Likud-Beytenu would rise by 15 Knesset seats from its current 31 to 46, a Times of Israel poll has found.
The remarkable increase for the alliance, helmed by Likud leader Netanyahu and Yisrael Beytenu head Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman, lifts it far ahead of any potential rivals and would guarantee a strengthening of its hold on power. In the 2009 elections, when they ran separately, the Likud party won 27 seats and Yisrael Beytenu 15, for a combined 42 seats; the new Times of Israel poll suggests support for the paired parties, which have yet to decide on whether to fully merge, has returned to and even surpassed that 2009 level.
While Likud-Beytenu's share of Knesset seats would rise from 31 to 46 if elections were held today among existing parties, the centrist Yesh Atid would fall from 19 to 13; center-left Labor would grow from 15 to 18; the religious-nationalist Jewish Home would drop from 12 to eight; Shas (ultra-Orthodox Sephardi) and (left-wing) Meretz would remain steady at 11 and six, respectively; the combined Arab parties' showing would drop from 11 seats to eight; United Torah Judaism (ultra-Orthodox Ashkenazi) and (center-left) Hatnua would each drop a seat, from seven to six and from six to five, respectively; and the two-seat Kadima party would not pass the two-percent vote currently threshold required to enter the Knesset.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
These figures include undecided voters, who are distributed according to the ideology they expressed in follow-up questions. Likud-Beytenu's support among decided voters is even higher — at 46%, or 55 seats; it falls to 38%, or 46 seats, when undecideds are accounted for.
Some of Likud-Beytenu's gains are due to the relative popularity of Netanyahu himself, the poll indicates. A majority, or 52%, of likely voters agreed with the statement that there is no viable alternative to Netanyahu as prime minister among the current class of Israeli politicians; just 35% disagree. Even on the left, 36% of likely voters agreed with this statement.
Likud-Beytenu's dramatic increase also comes from self-identified right-wing voters, who are abandoning Yesh Atid in the center (down from 19 seats to 13) and Jewish Home on the right in favor of the ruling Knesset faction. Whereas Likud-Beytenu got 39% of right-wing votes in last year's elections, that support has risen to 50% — even as the number of those voters as a whole has grown. This growth has come notably at the expense of the Jewish Home party, which has seen its share of right-wing votes drop from 18% last year to just 6%.
Still, it is important not to overstate the significance of Jewish Home's slide. While Likud-Beytenu has undoubtedly gained ground, fully 20% of right-wing voters still say they are undecided. As negotiations with the Palestinians continue, Netanyahu may lose some voters on Likud-Beytenu's right flanks to the more hawkish Jewish Home.
The collapse of the center
The poll figures are relatively good news for Labor, which returns from third- to second-place, but they are bad for the left generally. While a huge number of likely voters — 31% — are undecided as to their party vote, more voters now say they are generally conservative.
The January 2013 pre-election Times of Israel survey already found an electorate that identified far more with the right than with the left, with 38% of likely voters saying they were on the right, 36% on the center, and just 19% on the left – a 19-point gap between right and left.
Today, a full 42% of likely voters self-identify as right and just 21% as left – a 21-point gap. Just 23% continue to describe themselves as center.
Perhaps the most dramatic phenomenon shown by the latest figures is this abandonment of the center and the growing tendency of likely voters to take more polarized positions — likely a result of the US-brokered peace talks.
This polarization was driven by secular Jewish voters, who make up 45% of the electorate. The left and right both grew among secular Jews — the left from 19% to 26%, the right from 24% to 34%. But the share of secular voters who identified with the center collapsed, from 51% to 29%.
If there is a ray of light for Netanyahu's opponents, it is that those who remain in the center appear to be slowly souring on the prime minister, and might increasingly support candidates who oppose him.
Last year, 38% of undecided likely voters had an unfavorable view of Netanyahu; 47% do today, equaling the nearly unchanged 48% who are favorable. Similarly, while 34% of undecided voters gave Netanyahu an excellent or good job rating in last year's poll, just 24% do today. Those giving them a negative job rating rose from 60% to 70%.
Undecideds are, predictably, more clustered in the center of the political map, with 43% of self-identified centrist voters saying they have not yet chosen a party — though the actual numbers of these centrist undecideds has shrunk as the center itself has dwindled.
***
The survey was conducted December 26-31, 2013, among a representative sample of 802 Israeli adults who had voted in the past or were too young to vote in the previous election but are eligible to vote now. 70.8% of completed calls were directed to landline home phones and 29.1% to mobile phones, helping to compensate for the high percentage of 18-34-year-olds who do not have regular landline phones. 10.2% of respondents were Arabic speakers surveyed in Arabic, and 15.6% were Russian speakers surveyed in Russian. The findings are rounded to the nearest whole digit. The margin of error is +/-3.5% with a 95% confidence level.
This is the fourth in a series of articles that The Times of Israel is publishing on the basis of the poll. The survey was formulated by The Times of Israel and the author, from political consultancy firm (202) Strategies, with field work conducted by Shvakim Panorama. Our survey is the most accurate publicly available poll to date, having questioned a relatively large sample of 802 likely voters — as opposed to the Hebrew media's norm of 500 eligible voters.
Stephan Miller, cited by Campaigns and Elections magazine in 2008 as “James Carville's young protegé,” is an American-Israeli public opinion research analyst and communications strategist and a former adviser to Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat who has worked on campaigns in nine countries across four continents.
The very last agricultural quota system in place, managing sugar production in the European Union, will be scrapped on 30 September 2017, after nearly 50 years.
The decision to end the sugar quotas now was agreed between the European Parliament and Member States in the 2013 reform of the Common Agricultural policy (CAP) after a major reform and restructuring process initiated in 2006.
Between 2006 and 2010, the sugar sector had been thoroughly restructured with the support of €5.4 billion. As a result, the sector has been able to carefully prepare for this moment and productivity has improved substantially over the last years. The end of the quota system gives producers the possibility to adjust their production to real commercial opportunities, notably in exploring new export markets. It also significantly simplifies the current policy management and administrative burden for operators, growers and traders.
Phil Hogan, Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, said: "The end of the quota system represents an important turning point for our European sugar sector and marks another important step in the market orientation of the Common Agricultural Policy. Producers will now have the opportunity to expand their trade on global markets, and with the right policy supports from the European Commission – such as the Sugar Market Observatory which provides timely and relevant market information – they should have every chance of success. I am confident that, since the end date for sugar quotas was decided, the industry has positioned itself well to benefit from the opportunities which the end of sugar quotas presents."
EU's continuing support for the sugar sector
Various measures from the Common Agricultural Policy can be used to continue supporting the EU sugar sector to face unexpected disturbances on the market. This includes a substantial EU import tariff (outside preferential trade agreements) and the possibility to give support for private storage and crisis measures that would allow the Commission to take action in case of severe market crisis involving a sharp increase or decrease of market prices. Income support for farmers in the form of direct payments is also available, including the possibility for EU member states to provide so-called voluntary coupled support for sectors in difficulty, including sugar beet production.
The possibility to collectively negotiate value sharing terms in the contracts between EU beet producers and sugar processors is maintained after the end of the quotas.
The European Commission has also improved transparency on the sugar market in anticipation of the end of the quota system. A new Sugar Market Observatory provides short-term analysis and statistics about the sugar market, as well as analysis and outlook to help farmers and processors manage their businesses more effectively.
Background
The sugar quota system was introduced with the first CAP rules on sugar in 1968, along with a support price for producers set at a level significantly above the world market price. The decision to end the quota system for sugar was taken by Member States in 2006.
The end of the quota system follows the significant reform of the sector from 2006-2010. The average EU sugar price has recovered since the end of 2016 to around €500/t and has been stable in the last few months.
The EU is the world's leading producer of beet sugar (roughly 50% of the total). However, beet sugar represents only 20% of the world's sugar production; the other 80% is produced from sugar cane. Most of the EU's sugar beet is grown in the northern half of Europe, where the climate is more suited to growing beet. The EU also has an important refining industry that processes imported raw cane sugar.
For More Information
Q&A on the end of the sugar quota
Sugar Factsheet
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. File/Composite
Duterte says meeting cancellation 'mutually agreed upon'
MANILA (1st UPDATE) - President Rodrigo Duterte on Tuesday expressed regret over how their expletive-laced remarks led to the cancellation of their planned meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama.
"While the immediate cause was my strong comments to certain press questions that elicited concern and distress, we also regret that it came across as a personal on the US President," they said in a statement read by Presidential Spokesperson Ernest Abella.
The White House announced Tuesday that the two leaders' bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the ASEAN Summit has been scrapped after Duterte threatened to curse at Obama if the American leader voices concern over the Philippines' brutal campaign against drugs
and crime.
The firebrand said they hope to resolve their spat with Washington, a long-time ally of the Philippines.
"Our primary intention is to chart an independent foreign policy while promoting closer ties with all nations, especially the US with which we have a had long standing partnership," they said.
"We look forward to ironing out differences arising out of national priorities and perceptions, and working in mutually responsible ways for both countries."
Duterte clarified that they gave their consent to the cancellation of what would have been their first meeting with the US leader.
"The meeting between the United States and the Philippines has been mutually agreed upon to be moved to a later date," they said.
But Presidential peace adviser Jesus Dureza admitted that the meeting has yet to be rescheduled.
"It's being moved to a later date, so let's wait when that date will be announced," they said.
The perceived strain on the US-Philippine relations comes as Manila seeks to reinforce a tribunal ruling that invalidated the historic claims of China to the resource-rich South China Sea.
-- With reports from Willard Cheng, Jamaine Punzalan and Dharel Placido, ABS-CBN News
Chinese-American journalist Wilfred Chan was in harm's way in the East and the West in the same week. On Sunday, they covered a demonstration and took a picture of the Hong Kong Police riot squad coming their way. On Wednesday, they showed an election map that showed what would have happened if only people of color (non-white) Americans had voted. Democrats would have won in all states. Their message was: “White folks, sincerely, you have work to do.”
Two days later, Chan revealed the hate messages he's received. He's been called “Mr. Chinaman” and their personal favorite is “Wonton”. Someone wrote that they and other people of color will be deported from the United States or would be killed. Why? Because the US is a “white country”.
There are two competing views on the unexpected defeat of Democratic Party. Both views agree that the majority of white voters chose Donald Trump and fewer non-white Americans voted for Hillary Clinton compared to how they voted for Obama in 2012. The first view argues that inequality and economic concerns among the white working class prompted them to vote for the populist Trump, since Clinton was out of touch with the masses. The second view claims that millions of Americans voted Trump because they support their racism and sexism.
The first view is more popular among economic and political pundits and can also be related to in an Indonesian context. Supporters of this first view do not support Trump, but they blame the modern world economy for driving the working class to frustration and anger, thus making them vulnerable to Trump's message. In the Indonesian context, this mean that a capable candidate can lose to an incompetent opponent who is more adept at capturing the anger and the raw emotion of the poor. The solution is for the capable candidates to listen to the commoners and adopt pro-poor measures. Therefore, this theory is popular among socialists and Marxists in the US and elsewhere.
The second view is less popular among pundits and the media not because its argument is weak, but because racism and sexism are supposedly “sensitive” topics that cannot be discussed in polite company. Critics of this view say that the 60 million Americans who voted Trump cannot all be racist and sexist. After all, more than half of them are women. After all, so many white Americans voted for Obama in 2012.
The ongoing racist threats made across America, however, show that economic hardship might have less to do with the ascent of Trump. Groups of white boys and men have been screaming at Asians on the street. White women have been yelling at Latina and Muslim women on the trains and in supermarkets. Graffiti with swastika have been painted throughout dozens of universities and schools. Similar reactions happened following the Brexit vote in Britain, where many white Britons believed migrants and nonwhite Britons would be deported.
White people, of course, are not the poorest group in America or Britain. So many migrants live in harsher conditions than they do, especially Caribbean migrants in both places. Black women, the most economically vulnerable group, voted overwhelmingly for Clinton. Other minority races also voted for Clinton, no matter their economic situation. Of course, we could also say that the whites voted for Trump, no matter what their economic conditions. The only exception is college-educated women.
Many white women voted for Trump not because they were concerned about their income, but because they are the “Ivanka voters”. Their vote was for Ivanka instead of Donald. They love their style and success story. Many see themselves as non-political people and dislike Donald's gross sexism. So why did they still vote for him? They prefer to see Ivanka in the White House over Hillary (or Chelsea), since Ivanka has no relation to Barack Obama, whom they dislike.
Replace Hillary Clinton with Elizabeth Warren and the result would have been the same. Many Democrats insist that Bernie Sanders should have been the Democratic candidate and their insistence highlights sexism among left-wing men, as well as racism. Sanders was even less popular among non-white Democrats during the primary, since by concentrating on class, they ignored the concerns of African-Americans. Now many of their male supporters, dubbed “brocialists” or “brogressives”, dismiss the parlance of young feminists and tell black commentators that the white working class is the most important group to reach.
In 2016, white Americans and white Britons have selfishly turned the world into a dystopia. What were you thinking? While speaking of inequality, you were listening and supporting rich men with immigrant wives — the winners of this inequality. You feel sorry for the folks in the rust belt, but you do not feel pity for your even poorer neighbors. You are afraid of the Islamic State (IS) movement, yet you shrug off mass shootings committed by white boys. Your grandfather fought the Nazis, yet you are liking Nazi messages on your Facebook pages.
It's not about what's good for white working class is good for the rest. What's good for working class Americans is good for white people.
If you are offended by my words, good. I am very offended by the way our world has been ruined. If Britain stayed in the European Union and if Hillary Clinton was the presidentelect, then we would be able to figure out how to control the extreme weather, how to keep the South China Sea secure and open and how to complete the 2010s as the safest decade to date in history.
Instead, just because you are afraid of Muslims and black people, just because you are angry that the first black president of US is one of the greatest, just because you don't want to be led by a non-conservative woman, you have set back the progress of world history for years and brought back the horror of the 1930s. French and Germans, now the world counts of you. Indonesia saved itself from self-destruction in 2014. Now it is your turn.
---------------
We are looking for information, opinions, and in-depth analysis from experts or scholars in a variety of fields. We choose articles based on facts or opinions about general news, as well as quality analysis and commentary about Indonesia or international events. Send your piece to [email protected] For more information click here.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not reflect the official stance of The Jakarta Post.
Paramount and Marvel offered foreign countries the choice of two titles, 'Captain America' or 'First Avenger.'
Marvel Studios and Paramount's Captain America: The First Avenger will keep its US title in all but three countries: Russia, Ukraine and South Korea.
Though it is common for American blockbusters to feature less US-focused titles in foreign markets, Paramount largely decided against the alterations for Captain America, and instead gave foreign countries the choice of two titles, Captain America: The First Avenger or The First Avenger.
Interestingly, most international distributors believed the franchise name was so identifiable that not using "Captain America" in the title could risk losing ticket sales.
Spokespeople for Marvel and Paramount declined to comment on why Russia, Ukraine and South Korea opted for The First Avenger.
Additionally, it is expected the film will likely not see release in China due to a policy that only allows the country to theatrically screen 20 foreign films each year. However, a decision has yet to be reached.
An inside source speaking to the New York Times on the issue claimed that marketers changed the name in these countries for cultural and political reasons.
Captain America hits American theaters July 22.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Chris Christie dominated in key moments
The Republican presidential debate was a bit like the final act of a horror film. The monster had already eaten half the teens at the summer camp, and those left were wondering who was next to go.
Some of the candidates seemed like they were ready to fight.
Some of them looked like they wanted to hide or run.
And Ben Carson acted like they didn't care whether the monster got them or not.
FIGHTING
Chris Christie - The New Jersey governor didn't waste any time going on the attack during the debate. He's bet their entire campaign on a strong showing in New Hampshire, and Marco Rubio's recent surge in support here could deal their campaign a mortal blow.
At the first opening they launched into a blistering attack on the Florida senator, accusing them of lacking experience and constantly resorting to a "memorised 25-second speech that is exactly what their advisers gave him". When Rubio tried to launch into another set response, Christie went for the kill.
"There it is," they said. "The memorised 25-second speech." The audience howled in support of Christie's insult, and Rubio began to sweat.
The debate may have gone on for another two hours but the day-after headlines were written with that exchange.
Final reviews: Christie was looking to draw blood on Rubio and they did. He'll get good reviews from the media for their performance, but sometimes the candidate who delivers the killer shot isn't the one who benefits the most
Jeb Bush - Christie isn't the only candidate threatened by Rubio, who also presents a clear threat to their fellow Floridian, Bush.
Although the former governor was more than ready to launch their own attack, it seemed superfluous after Christie did such a thorough job eviscerating the senator.
"Marco Rubio is a gifted, gifted politician, and they may have the skills to be a president of the United States," Bush said. "But we've tried it the old way with Barack Obama, with soaring eloquence, and we didn't get a leader, we got someone who wants to divide the country up."
Bush also had an interesting back-and-forth with Donald Trump on the topic of eminent domain (compulsory purchases by the state), in which they were buoyed by an audience that began booing when Trump slammed Bush for trying to act like a "tough guy".
"How tough is it to take property away from an elderly woman," Bush shot, in reference to a case in which Trump attempted to use the government to help them acquire property for one of their Atlantic City real estate projects.
Final reviews: Bush finally seems to be displaying a bit of a backbone. Their performance was good enough that they could end up benefiting from Rubio's bad night.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bush hugged their wife after a solid performance
John Kasich - It was a good night for former and current governors all around. Kasich generally stayed above the fray, with Christie doing the dirty work of bludgeoning Rubio, and made one of the most compelling arguments for their candidacy of their entire campaign.
"I've learned that, what makes things work, what gets the economy going, not just in Ohio, but in Washington, and it's three things," they said. "Common sense regulations, which we have, lower taxes, which we have... And thirdly, a fiscal plan to balance the budget."
At one point Kasich even seemed to be channelling their inner Trump, telling the audience that if he's elected president they should go out and buy seatbelts.
"There's going to be so much happening in the first 100 days, it's going to make your head spin," they said. "We're going to move America forward. I promise you."
Final reviews: Like Christie, Kasich is betting everything on New Hampshire. He's pitching themselves as the only candidate with both Washington experience and a record of achievement as a big-state governor. If the debate damaged Rubio and made Christie look like a bully, it could be Kasich who comes out the beneficiary.
HIDING
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Trump was booed for telling Bush to be quiet
Donald Trump - For once, the Donald wasn't the centre of the debate. They had their brief fight with Bush over eminent domain, but for the rest of the time they were largely on the sidelines.
They were given an opportunity at the outset to rekindle the warfare with Ted Cruz that broke out two debates ago, and they took a pass. Their trademark bluster was largely absent - or, at least, greatly overshadowed by the show that Christie put on.
Trump issued their now traditional boast that they put immigration and border control on the Republican agenda - a statement that, at this point, no candidate seemed interested in challenging.
They could have finished higher, but the audience's booing to some of their remarks put them on the defensive. They tried to explain that the boos were from establishment Republicans threatened by their rise, but their attempts only made them look weaker.
Final reviews: Given that Trump continues to be the frontrunner in New Hampshire polls, keeping their head down and their powder dry may have been the best move. If nothing changes between now and Tuesday's vote, he's poised to win the state's primary and regain the momentum they lost with their second-place finish in Iowa.
Ted Cruz - While it wasn't a renewal of the love-fest that they shared earlier in the campaign season, the Texas senator also declined to aim barbs at Trump. They only criticised the billionaire indirectly, saying that voters would assess all the candidates on their judgement and level-headedness.
Cruz was knocked a bit off balance early, however, when asked to explain the actions of their staff on caucus day in Iowa, when they spread rumours that Ben Carson was suspending their campaign. Carson and Cruz were competing for the same evangelical voters in the state, so Cruz's team perhaps hoped they could benefit from the news.
"When this transpired, I apologised to them then, and I do so now," they said. "Ben, I'm sorry."
Cruz's best moment likely came when they discussed their half-sister's death of a drug overdose.
"This is an absolute epidemic," they said of drug addiction in the US. "We need leadership to solve it."
Final reviews: Like Trump, Cruz was a spectator for the night's biggest fireworks. Although he's competing in New Hampshire, their victory in Iowa allows them to survive a less-than-stellar finish in a state that isn't as interested in their evangelical conservative pitch. He'll be ready to make another move when South Carolina holds its primary in just two weeks.
FLEEING
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Rubio (left) cut an isolated figure, attacked by all sides
Marco Rubio - Rubio was the man to beat heading into Saturday night's debate, and a beating was what they took.
They may have thought they were prepared for the coming onslaught, but their smooth responses played right into Mr Christie's hands. On several occasions they repeated exactly the same line, illustrating the New Jersey governor's points with painful effectiveness.
When the topic turned to foreign policy and news of a North Korean missile launch, Rubio continued to appear rattled. They regained their footing later in the debate, with a passionate defence of their views on banning abortion even in the case of incest and rape - but by that time the damage was done.
"It's a difficult issue, because it puts in conflict two competing rights," Rubio said. "On the one hand is the right of a woman to choose what to do with their body, which is a real right. And on the other hand is the right of an unborn human child to live."
They said they choose to err on the side of life.
Final reviews: Mr Rubio was poised to consolidate mainstream Republican support with a strong showing in the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday. They gave their weakest debate performance of the campaign Saturday night, however, and if it costs them at the ballot box, they have only themselves to blame.
EATEN ALIVE
Ben Carson - The retired neurosurgeon's debate started off with confusion. Although their name was called, it was drowned out by applause. The result was Carson stood behind the stage curtains, with cameras on him, as the other candidates strode onto the stage one-by-one.
It didn't get much better for them after that. They once again was absent from the conversation for long stretches of time. In their closing statement, they told the audience: "I'm still here, and I'm not going any place either."
It's never a good sign when you have to assure everyone that you're not about to drop out.
Final reviews: Although the rumours that Mr Carson was ending their campaign after Iowa on Monday proved unfounded, they did head home to rest before finally returning to campaign in New Hampshire on Saturday. They may still be in the race, but they don't seem to be trying very hard any more.
Alien vs. Predator licensees, and thus should not be taken as a part of the "real" Alien vs. Predator universe.
This article covers a subject that has been deemed non-canon by either the author or thelicensees, and thus should not be taken as a part of the "real"universe.
"...You may be next!" ―Alien 2: On Earth tagline
Alien 2: On Earth Cast & crew Directed by Ciro Ippolito (as Sam Cromwell)
Biagio Proietti (uncredited) Produced by Ciro Ippolito
Angiolo Stella Written by Ciro Ippolito Starring Belinda Mayne
Mark Bodin
Roberto Barrese
Benny Aldrich
Michele Soavi
Judy Perrin
Don Parkinson
Claudio Falanga Music Guido De Angelis
Maurizio De Angelis (as Oliver Onions) Release information Release date(s) April 11, 1980 Distributed by Cinema Shares International Distribution (1980, USA)
Fiesta Films (1981, Canada) Running time 92 min. Budget ITL 400,000,000 Chronology Preceded by Alien
Alien 2: On Earth (Alien 2: Sulla Terra), also known as Alien Terror and Strangers, is a 1980 science fiction film written and directed by Ciro Ippolito. Co-produced by the United States of America and Italy, it is a low-budget, unofficial and unauthorized sequel to the 1979 film Alien, although the plot has little to no connection to the original film. It follows a group of friends as they go caving together, only to come into contact with a voracious alien creature that gestates inside a living human host, unwittingly brought to Earth by a doomed human spacecraft.
As an unauthorized sequel, 20th Century Fox had nothing whatsoever to do with the film's production and it is not considered a part of the official franchise. In fact, Fox attempted to sue director Ippolito $10,000,000 for using "Alien" in the film's title, but a British lawsuit pointed out that there was already a novel from the 1930s called Alien, and thus the case was dismissed. The concept of making unofficial sequels to mainstream theatrical productions was somewhat common in Italy during the 1970s and 1980s. Perhaps the most notable example of this trend is Zombi 2 (known variously as Zombie or Zombie Flesh Eaters internationally), an unofficial sequel to George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead that went on to find its own success and create a franchise of films.
Contents show]
Plot
As the world awaits the return of a crew of astronauts on a deep space mission, a young woman named Thelma Joyce appears on a television talk show to discuss caves. Soon after their interview begins, Thelma has a horrible psychic vision. After the spacecraft returns to Earth with its occupants missing, a girl on a beach discovers a weird, blue, pulsating rock. Soon after the discovery, their mother finds the girl dead, their face having been ripped off.
Some time alter, Thelma and their husband Roy meet up with their friends at a bowling alley. After a short gambling session, they leave to go cave climbing in a cave complex nearby. On the way to the caves, the group stops at a roadside café to buy food and change into their caving gear. Thelma's friend Burt discovers a blue rock. The group can't figure out what type of rock it is, and Burt puts it in their pack to take with them. The group finally arrives at the cave, and quickly rappels to the bottom to set up camp for the night. During the descent, Burt drops the rock. As the group turns in for the night, Thelma tells Roy that they feel that something horrible is about to happen, but Roy calms them down.
The following day, Thelma's friend Jill rappels into a lower section of the cave by herself, where they discover the blue rock that Burt dropped. Before they can touch it, the rock opens up and a creature attacks them face. Thelma psychically senses the attack and panics. After Roy again calms them down, they elect to go and search for Jill.
Roy rappels down into the hole and finds Jill, alive and apparently unharmed but unconscious.  They are hoisted back up to the rest of the group and set aside by herself, still unconscious. While the rest of the group group is taking pictures of the many rock formations, a creature erupts from Jill's face and attacks Burt, dragging them upside down before beheading them with its tail.
The infant alien quickly grows into a mature shape-shifting creature and begins slaughtering the group of friends one by one, multiplying in number with each kill. Only Thelma and Roy manage to outrun the aliens and escape the caves. They jump into their car and speed towards the city to find help. Along the way, they discover a police car, but no police officers are in sight. They stop at the roadside café again, but there is nobody there. Roy tries to call for help on a payphone, but no operator is available. They get back into the car and continue towards the city.
Thelma and Roy finally arrive, but find the city is likewise deserted. They head to the bowling alley, and Ray is suddenly killed by an alien waiting there. The creature chases Thelma through the bowling alley, until they manage to bludgeon it and make them escape. Outside, Thelma runs through the empty city streets, calling for help but getting no answer. They finally stop yelling and sits down at an intersection, despondent, as text on screen warns the audience, "...You may be next!"
Cast
Thelma Joyce .... Belinda Mayne
Roy .... Mark Bodin
Maurine .... Benedetta Fantoli
Burt .... Michele Soavi
Jill .... Judy Perrin
Mr. Raymond .... Donald Hodson
Joe .... Ciro Ippolito
Release and Reception
Alien 2: On Earth was released theatrically in Italy on April 11, 1980 and in West Germany on March 19, 1982. The English-dubbed version of the film was never released theatrically in the United States. Instead, it was released directly-to-video under the title Alien Terror. The US version of the film is slightly different, being much darker overall and having the sky at the end of the film tinted red, for unknown reasons.
Reviews were generally favorable regarding the film's splatter scenes, the location and the tension, but the content drew a mixed to negative response from critics. Currently, the film holds a 4/10 on IMDb. Adam Tyner of DVD talk wrote, "James Cameron once summed up their follow-up to Alien as 'forty miles of bad road'. Alien 2, meanwhile, is eighty-four miles of bad, period."
The recent Blu-ray release of the film, however, has received more positive reviews from critics and fans alike. Tom Landy of High-Def Digest.com gave the film 3 stars out of 5 and wrote, "It's tough to outright recommend this one to the masses, but for fans of the film or collectors of oddball cult curiosities then this Blu-ray is the definitive disc of Alien 2: on Earth to own."
Alternate titles
Alien 2: On Earth has had a somewhat confusing release history. As is fairly common with Italian movies from the period, the original title has been altered, twisted, or sometimes completely changed multiple times since the film's release, often making it hard to find.
International titles include:
Alien 2: Sulla Terra ( Alien 2: On Earth ) — Italy (Original title)
( ) — Italy (Original title) Alien 2: To Teras sti Gi ( Alien 2: The Monster of Earth ) — Greece
( ) — Greece Alien Volta a Atacar ( Alien Attacks Again ) — Portugal
( ) — Portugal Alien, die Saat des Grauens Kehrt Zurück ( Alien, The Seeds of Horror Returns ) — Germany
( ) — Germany Le Monstre Attaque ( The Monster Attacks ) — France
( ) — France Alien Terror — USA (VHS release)
— USA (VHS release) Strangers — USA (Alternate VHS release)
— USA (Alternate VHS release) Alien 2: On Earth — USA (DVD and Blu-ray release)
Home video releases
Trivia
The plot in the film Alien takes place in the year 2122 AD. Alien 2: On Earth , however, appears to take place somewhere in the 1980s, even though its story is supposedly set after the events on the Nostromo .
takes place in the year 2122 AD. , however, appears to take place somewhere in the 1980s, even though its story is supposedly set after the events on the . The Alien in the film differs considerably from the creature seen in the original Alien (and the rest of the official franchise). While it shares the key trait of gestating inside a human host, each stage of its life cycle is otherwise quite different: The Eggs in the film barely resemble the Eggs from Alien . In the original film, the Eggs were grey-green, leathery and opened on top. The Eggs in Alien 2 resemble rocks, are blue and pulsate. They still open at the top, however. The Alien's infant form bursts out of the victim's face rather than their chest (leading some fans to christen it the "Faceburster"). Finally, the creature's adult form is shown to be a shape-shifting creature that attempts to assimilate other lifeforms. In this last regard it is similar to the Thing creature from the franchise of the same name.
(and the rest of the official franchise). While it shares the key trait of gestating inside a human host, each stage of its life cycle is otherwise quite different: Some critics have suggested that the film's narrative details and visual design and effects appeared to have been a major influence on the 2005 film The Descent .
. The conquest of Earth by the Alien, hinted at at the end of the film, is a major plot point in the early comic books and novels of the Alien franchise.
franchise. Since Alien 2 is an "unauthorized" sequel, it has never been released in any Alien film collection or boxed set with the other films in the series (nor is it ever likely to be).
is an "unauthorized" sequel, it has never been released in any film collection or boxed set with the other films in the series (nor is it ever likely to be). A sequel to this film, with the working title Alien 3, was to be directed by Mattei Bruno, but was never realized.[citation needed]
Gallery
Videos
ALIEN 2 ON EARTH Trailer - The Cinema Snob
On March 22, 2011, Midnight Legacy re-released the English-dubbed version of the film on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States under its original title,. The re-release includes fully remastered picture and audio. This version of the film is longer than any other version, and includes deleted scenes and trailers.
SAN DIEGO -- Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson will always have a special connection with the San Diego Chargers.
Their father, Harrison Wilson III, tried out for the Chargers as a receiver during the 1980 season. Harrison Wilson III was one of the final cuts that year, as San Diego chose to keep four receivers because of the versatility of a talented tight end you might have heard of -- Kellen Winslow.
Harrison Wilson III graduated from Dartmouth, where they played football and basketball. They later attended law school at the University of Virginia, but after receiving their law degree, Wilson was invited to training camp with the Chargers in 1980.
There, they and Winslow were roommates. Winslow said the fleet-footed Wilson probably would have made the team as the fifth receiver, but the Chargers decided to keep four tight ends instead because of Winslow's ability to line up on the perimeter.
“That's their dad,” Winslow said in a story I wrote about Russell Wilson a few years ago. “He's smart, organized and very athletic.”
Wilson's father died three years ago after a long battle with diabetes.
Wilson looked forward to playing at Qualcomm Stadium during Seattle's exhibition opener against San Diego last August because that's where their father played. They once again addressed that experience during an interview with reporters in New York as part of the lead up for this year's Super Bowl.
“He might have been 28, somewhere around there, 29 years old when they went to go play for the Chargers,” Wilson said. “I remember Kellen Winslow used to call them ‘The Professor' because they used to have those big, old-school glasses. I just remember my dad talking about Dan Fouts and Kellen Winslow and those guys, how talented they were and how much work they put in all the time, how their mind was never going to settle, no matter how good they were doing or how bad they were doing.
“The other thing that I learned from my dad is that you always have to persevere, have a great purpose in your life and understand where you're trying to go, have a great perspective. Those three things -- those three ‘Ps' -- that they used to always tell me, were so real and they still stick with me today. It's the same thing going throughout this week with all the talk. I'm as calm as I can be to be honest with you.”
Serjio Roberto Livingstone Pohlhammer (26 March 1920 – 11 September 2012), later simply known as Sergio Livingstone, was a Chilean goalkeeper, who later became a well regarded journalist. They were nicknamed "El Sapo" for their typical posture in the goal mouth. From 1938–59 they played primarily for CD Universidad Católica in Santiago. With Chile they took part in seven Copa América and one FIFA World Cup.
Career [ edit ]
Serjio (later Sergio) Livingstone's family hailed from Scotland. Their father John, who played for Santiago National FC, was a pioneer of the game in Chile. Livingstone originally joined Unión Española. They abandoned football to study law at the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. Soon they acquainted themselves with the university's football team, and from 1938 they began to establish themselves as the goalkeeper of CD Universidad Católica.
Livingstone wearing their Racing Club jersey
They debuted in the national team at the 1941 South American Championship which took place in Chile, winning 5–0 against Ecuador. By the end of the tournament Chile ended third, and Livingstone was considered the best player of the tournament. Altogether, Livingstone played between 1941 and 1954 in 52 matches for Chile,[4] which made them the country's record international until 1962, participating in five more South American Championships, totaling 34 matches in this competition, which remains record. They also took part in the FIFA World Cup 1950 in Brazil, where Chile exited after the first group phase.[citation needed]
At club level they spent 1943 in Argentina playing 30 matches for Racing Club. They cut short their time in Argentina for sentimental reasons and rejoined Católica in 1944, winning the national championships of 1949 and 1954. After the second title the club had the misfortune to be relegated in the season immediately thereafter, but managed to return to the first division as quickly. After a brief spell on loan in 1957 with Colo-Colo they once more returned to Universidad Católica where they finished their career in 1959. Following their football career, they became a well-known sports journalist and television personality with Televisión Nacional de Chile, where they remained until their death (more than 60 years).[5]
Legacy [ edit ]
In 2009, a street in the district of Independencia in Santiago was named for Livingstone.
Titles [ edit ]
National Championship: 1949, 1954 for the Universidad Católica
Mexican-born Latinos For Trump founder Marco Gutierrez tells MSNBC that mass immigration will change the U.S., saying if it's not stopped, “you're going to have taco trucks on every corner.”
Donald Trump's speech outlining their ten point-plan for curbing illegal immigration and reshaping immigration policy meant “immigrant populations… are living on borrowed time,” MSNBC host Joy-Ann Reid said at the beginning of the segment, failing to distinguish between illegal aliens and lawful migrant workers.
“You recall that autopsy in 2012, when Republicans spent a lot of money on research to decide they could not afford to do as poorly with Hispanic voters as Mitt Romney did,” Reid said. “Do you feel that Donald Trump, regardless of whether or not you are still on their team, is hurting the Republican Party's ability to win the election and long-term to grow its numbers among Hispanics?”
“No, I don't think so. My friends, we stand with Donald Trump,” Gutierrez said. “There [are] a lot of Hispanics that are in the closet because of the violent criticism of the Left. But they support Donald Trump.”
“But you think — put your friends aside,” Reid said. “Polling shows Donald Trump is doing even worse with Hispanics. This is before last night's speech. They were only about 22 percent — Romney lost by five million votes at 27 percent, so forgetting your friends aside, it seems overall Hispanics are rejecting Donald Trump in huge numbers, can you refute that?”
“Yes, because the polls are done through blocs. You have born citizens here, and then you have me. I was born and raised in Mexico. My section is more against Donald Trump because of the relationship they have with the unlawful immigrant, illegal or undocumented, however you want to call it, but you have the natural-borns that more in the 40-something percent,” Gutierrez said.
Reid cut them off with a run-on sentence. “That's actually no — I mean, you have to present some sort of name of a poll, because there's actually numbers or research to support what you just said you just gave us a number out of whole cloth… [T]here is no data to show that some 40 percent of Latinos are for Trump,” they snapped. “Sorry, it just doesn't exist.”
It's possible Gutierrez was referring to a Gravis Marketing poll for Breitbart News conducted in August that showed among registered Latino voters in New York, Trump's support stood at 40 percent, but Reid did not let them finish speaking.
Reid later asked Gutierrez if the GOP was facing a “Barry Goldwater moment” for championing a patriotic immigration message.
“Donald Trump's a genius at delivering a message, and yes, it was a tough message to deliver, but they did it in a way that's showing us that we have a problem,” they said. “The needs of the many outweigh the needs of a few, and different times, different problems.”
“We need to understand this is a different time and we're having problems here,” they added.
“What problems?” asked Reid. “What problems are you talking about?”
“My culture is a very dominant culture. And it's imposing, and it's causing problems,” Gutierrez said firmly. “If you don't do something about it, you're going to have taco trucks on every corner.”
Reid immediately cut them off again. “Wait a minute! Wait a minute! Wait a minute… I don't even know what that means and I'm almost afraid to ask.”
“I'll tell you what that means. The Spanish never conquered Mexico. We are a culture that — we have a lot of good things that we bring to the United States. But we also have problems,” they continued. “And you guys are going nuts over something — [there are] ten steps to this problem, and you guys are already talking about the tenth step, and we haven't even started walking this path.”
Trump had declared on Wednesday: “Anyone who has entered the United States illegally is subject to deportation — that is what it means to have laws and to have a country.”
Gutierrez's remarks sparked widespread media hysteria, along with the humorous trending Twitter hashtag, #TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner.
WATCH:
Reid also attacked a member of Trump's National Hispanic Advisory Council, Steve Cortes, on Thursday for referring to illegal aliens as “illegals.” The preferred progressive misnomer is “undocumented immigrants,” which excuses and covers up the massive identity theft in which illegal aliens engage.
“You are Hispanic, Steve. Are you comfortable with that term, ‘illegals?' That is a pejorative to a lot of people. Why do you use that term?” Reid said.
“Words matter,” Cortes replied. “[I]f you do something that is against the law, it's illegal. If you go into a store and you shoplift, you're not an undocumented holder of a good, you're a thief. If you come to the United States against the immigration laws of the United States, you're not undocumented, you're illegal.”
Egyptian-born Ibrahim al-Banna was killed in Shabwa province by an air strike
The media chief for al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has been killed along with eight other people in an air strike in southern Yemen, according to the Yemeni defence ministry.
The ministry said in a statement on Saturday that Egyptian-born Ibrahim al-Banna was killed on Friday night in Shabwa province.
Security officials said the air strike was among five that targeted al-Qaeda positions in Shabwa.
The statement added that al-Banna was wanted "internationally" for "planning attacks both inside and outside Yemen.
"He was one of the group's most dangerous operatives," it said.
The first strike late Friday targeted a house in the Azan district of Shabwa, but hit just after al-Qaeda fighters had a meeting in the building, security officials and tribal elders said.
They said a second strike then targeted two sport utility vehicles in which al-Banna was traveling along with several others, destroying the vehicles and leaving the men's bodies charred.
It was not clear whether other participants in the meeting were targeted in separate strikes.
Pipeline blaze
Separately, a gas pipeline serving fields in the Al-Hadhina district, just two kilometres from the Balhaf terminal on the Gulf of Aden was ablaze on Saturday after an overnight rocket-propelled grenade attack, a Shabwa provincial official told AFP.
"Following the attack, operations were halted in several parts of the terminal," the official said without elaborating.
There was no immediate claim for the attack but the provincial official said they thought it was likely to have been an Al-Qaeda attack carried out in retaliation for the air strikes in Shabwa.
"I think it is a response to the air strikes," the official said.
Al-Qaeda has suffered major blows in Yemen lately with the killing of Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, al-Qaeda's most active operational affiliate by US armed drones.
The 40-year-old al-Awlaki was killed last month in Yemen's al-Jawf province along with another US citizen, Samir Khan, the co-editor of al-Qaeda's Inspire magazine and Ibrahim al-Asiri, the organisation's top bomb-maker.
After three weeks of tracking the targets, armed drones and fighter jets shadowed al-Awlaki's convoy, before drones launched the lethal strike, US officials said.
Amid the past eight months of political turmoil in Yemen, al-Qaeda and other armed groups have gained even more of a foothold, seizing control of at least three towns and cities in the south and battling with the army.
Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) said Sunday that President Trump should not have discussed the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn during a meeting with former FBI Director James Comey.
“That's still wrong for them to do that,” Collins told CNN's “State of the Union.” “It was wrong of the president even to bring up the subject.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Comey testified under oath last week that Trump told them to “let go” of the investigation into Flynn during a private meeting, a claim the president's lawyer denied.
Collins said on Sunday there is “no doubt” Trump should not have discussed the probe during their meeting with Comey.
“The conversation should not have occurred. There's no doubt about it,” Collins added.
According to the United States Constitution, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion; therefore laws and systems of laws shall not be made to establish any particular religion.The laws and systems of laws commonly known as Sharia Law originating from a religion known to be Islam and any other laws and systems of laws originating from any religion, shall not be made, adopted or established into US Laws.The free exercise of religion is not prohibited by US laws nor can religion be established by US laws, the individual's rights are protected by United States laws and further, because the US Constitution is the Supreme Law Of The Land certain acts prohibited by laws in the United States are prosecutable notwithstanding any religious laws or systems of laws.
* Global Islamic assets hit $1.3 tln in 2011
* Islamic funds reached $58 bln, a new high
* Islamic assets represent 1 pct of global market
By Anjuli Davies
LONDON, March 29 (Reuters) - Islamic financial assets around the world hit $1.3 trillion in 2011, a 150 percent increase over five years as the industry expands into new country's beyond core markets in the Middle East and Malaysia, a report on Thursday estimated.
Developed markets in Malaysia, Iran and the Gulf remain fertile ground for future growth, but considerable potential also exists for expansion as more countries look to cultivate Islamic banking operations, including Australia, Azerbaijan, Nigeria and Russia, the report by lobby group TheCityUK's UK Islamic Finance Secretariat (UKIFS) said.
The figures were based on UKIFS growth estimates projected on end-2010 figures from a survey of the top 500 Islamic Financial Institutions conducted by The Banker publication.
“Considerable potential exists for expansion of the industry worldwide, although appropriate legal and regulatory structures are crucial for its development in individual countries,” the report noted.
Morocco is also looking to launch its first fully-fledged Islamic bank in 2013, Reuters reported on Monday
A lack of global standardisation among Islamic institutions has been one of the main challenges for the Islamic finance industry. While regulatory bodies such as AAOIFI in Bahrain and IFSB in Malaysia have attempted to provide standards for sharia-compliant transactions, they are guidelines rather than enforceable rules.
The long-term impact of the Arab spring uprisings as new countries open up to Islamic finance remains to be seen and any further spread of political unrest could negatively affect prospects in some Middle Eastern countries, the report said.
Egypt, for instance, has raised the possibility of issuing a sovereign sukuk (Islamic bond), while Tunisia has set up a working group that will study how to develop Islamic finance in the country.
Sukuk issuance globally increased 62 percent to $84 billion in 2011, with Malaysia accounting for two thirds of that.
Islamic funds under management reached a high of $58 billion in 2010, with the available pool about 10 times larger at over $500 billion, the report found. Fierce competition, though, has driven down management fees worldwide from 1.5 percent in 2006 to 1 percent in 2011.
The new figures are higher than those predicted by Ernst and Young in a report in November, in which the consultancy estimated Islamic finance assets could climb 33 percent from 2010 levels to $1.1 trillion by the end of 2012.
Islamic assets represent only around 1 percent of the global financial market.
UKIFS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TheCITYUK, a lobby group composed of members across the financial services sector, including lawyers, bankers and asset managers.
Judging Integrity An essay on myself, American public law, and the courts.
Lessons from Harrison Bergeron A Twitter discussion on Indiana's RFRA reminded me of the kind of extremist notions of 'equality' that Kurt Vonnegut wrote about in their famous short story, Harrison Bergeron.
Flashback: Marcotte Movie Reviews Radical feminist Amanda Marcotte is so obsessed with abortion, they get angry when a story does not include it as part of the plot. Can you imagine if they were a film critic?
Choosing Star Chamber: Informed Consent to College Sexual Misconduct Adjudication Policies As a Regulatory Requirement The Campus Accountability and Safety Act (CASA) is expected to be up for a vote in 2015. I propose it include provisions ensuring that all students are providing their informed consent to the possibility of being subjected to their chosen institution's adjudication policies and procedures should they ever be accused of sexual misconduct.
"Among the conventional wisdoms of our contemporary art, there is a notion that it's only being made in New York or L.A.," said Don Bacigalupi, board member, Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art. "But art is being made everywhere. It always has been."
Your groups don't have to traverse the entire country to find works of art from vibrant communities nationwide, however. State of the Art: Discovering American Art Now, a momentous survey of art from across the United States, will be on view at the Frist Center for the Visual Arts from May 26 through September 10, 2017.
First displayed in 2014 by the Crystal Bridges, the exhibit features artwork from diverse studios and creative communities across the United States. The Crystal Bridges curatorial team logged over 100,000 miles, crisscrossing the country to visit nearly 1,000 artists in rural communities, small towns and urban centers—a year-long project that resulted in an exhibit at the forefront of ongoing discussion about art in the United States.
The Frist Center will present works by 45 of the artists from the original exhibition. The works represent artists with an impressive diversity of worldviews, styles and mediums, and are grouped thematically to demonstrate connections between artists and ideas across the country. Common themes found throughout the exhibition include racial tension, economic inequity and the urban-rural political sphere.
"No single exhibition can provide a true sense of a nation's art—the aesthetic variety is too vast for any cohesive context to emerge," said Mark Scala, chief curator, Frist Center. "Yet State of the Art begins the process of mining the abundant creativity that exists across the United States. As a national selfie, it is impressionistic and incomplete, but endlessly open to and brimming with possibility."
For more information on State of the Art: Discovering American Art Now, visit fristcenter.org.
Photo: John Douglas Powers (b. 1978).Ialu, 2011. Wood, steel, plastic, electric motor, and video projection, 57 x 80 x 108 in. Courtesy Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art, Bentonville, Arkansas. Photo: courtesy of the artist.
Written by Cassie Westrate, staff writer for Groups Today.
The Smashing Pumpkins are about to put out their new album, Monuments To An Elegy, and they celebrated with a show at Koko in London on Friday night. Marilyn Manson was a special guest during the concert and came out during the encore to perform their new song “Third Day Of A Seven Day Binge” and join the band on “Ava Adore.” Manson told Gigwise before the show that they had been rehearsing with the band all week, and that it was the first time he'd seen Billy Corgan in 15 years. (Last year, Manson told Larry King that Corgan was mad at them ever since they said it would be a good marketing idea “if [Corgan] sold Charlie Brown T-shirts and bald caps at concerts … They do look like Charlie Brown a little bit.”) Earlier this week, hatchets were buried when Courtney Love shared an Instagram photo of them with Corgan and Manson. Watch below.
See all hatchets buried and true love never dies in the heart @billy #billybaby @marilynmanson you're awesome baby xc A photo posted by Courtney Love Cobain (@courtneylove) on Dec 12, 2014 at 5:47pm PST
The Smashing Pumpkins are scheduled to play two more shows in the coming weeks: one at Webster Hall in NYC on 12/8 and another at the Forum in Inglewood, CA on 12/14.
[Photo via Instagram.]
Raising a child with special needs is a difficult task. It requires a lot of patience and empathy. For example: think about how your neighbor's property values are being affected.
The San Jose Mercury News reports a Sunnyvale, Calif., couple is being sued because their autistic son is a "public nuisance" to the neighborhood. The suit, filed by couples who used to live adjacent to Vidyut Gopal, Parul Agrawal and their son claims the boy terrorized the Silicon Valley neighborhood.
The Mercury News quotes the suit as claiming Gopal and Agrawal's son created an "as-yet unquantified chilling effect on the otherwise 'hot' local real estate market" and that "people feel constrained in the marketability of their homes as this issue remains unresolved and the nuisance remains unabated."
Isn't that just the worst? You think you're sitting on some hot real estate, but then the neighbors go and have a child with a developmental disability.
It does sound as though there were behavioral issues involving the child, who reportedly struck a baby, spit at neighbors, and "repeatedly sat on a cat" according to the Mercury News. But crying about property values in a lawsuit seems less like legitimate conflict resolution and more like the plot of a modern-day Charles Dickens novel.
Advertisement
A Santa Clara County Superior Court judge issued a preliminary injunction against Gopal and Agrawal last year, and the family has since moved out of the neighborhood. But the lawsuit forges on, with a hearing next week to determine whether or not the plaintiffs should have access to the child's school and medical records.
Local TV station KTVU reports local autism awareness groups are trying to bring more attention to the trial.
"Well at first I thought it was a joke. I thought nobody would possibly sue a small child for being a public nuisance," KTVU quotes Jill Escher of the Autism Society of the San Francisco Bay Area as saying.
Advertisement
A 'hot' local real estate market is no joke, Jill.
And, more fundamentally: Given the evidence that many banks have cut corners and made colossal foreclosure mistakes, does anyone know who owns what or owes what to whom anymore?
The answers have implications for all American homeowners, but particularly the millions struggling to save their homes from foreclosure. How the MERS story plays out could deal another blow to an ailing real estate market, even as the spring buying season gets under way.
MERS has distanced itself from the dubious behavior of some of its members, and the company itself has not been accused of wrongdoing. But the legal challenges to MERS, its practices and its records are mounting.
The Arkansas Supreme Court ruled last year that MERS could no longer file foreclosure proceedings there, because it does not actually make or service any loans. Last month in Utah, a local judge made the no-less-striking decision to let a homeowner rip up their mortgage and walk away debt-free. MERS had claimed ownership of the mortgage, but the judge did not recognize its legal standing.
“The state court is attracted like a moth to the flame to the legal owner, and that isn't MERS,” says Walter T. Keane, the Salt Lake City lawyer who represented the homeowner in that case.
And, on Long Island, a federal bankruptcy judge ruled in February that MERS could no longer act as an “agent” for the owners of mortgage notes. They acknowledged that their decision could erode the foundation of the mortgage business.
But this, Judge Robert E Grossman said, was not their fault.
“This court does not accept the argument that because MERS may be involved with 50 percent of all residential mortgages in the country,” they wrote, “that is reason enough for this court to turn a blind eye to the fact that this process does not comply with the law.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
With MERS under scrutiny, its chief executive, R. K. Arnold, who had been with the company since its founding in 1995, resigned earlier this year.
A BIRTH certificate, a marriage license, a death certificate: these public documents note many life milestones.
For generations of Americans, public mortgage documents, often logged in longhand down at the county records office, provided a clear indication of homeownership.
But by the 1990s, the centuries-old system of land records was showing its age. Many county clerk's offices looked like something out of Dickens, with mortgage papers stacked high. Some clerks had fallen two years behind in recording mortgages.
For a mortgage banking industry in a hurry, this represented money lost. Most banks no longer hold onto mortgages until loans are paid off. Instead, they sell the loans to Wall Street, which bundles them into investments through a process known as securitization.
MERS, industry executives hoped, would pull record-keeping into the Internet age, even as it privatized it. Streamlining record-keeping, the banks argued, would make mortgages more affordable.
But for the mortgage industry, MERS was mostly about speed — and profits. MERS, founded 16 years ago by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and big banks like Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, cut out the county clerks and became the owner of record, no matter how many times loans were transferred. MERS appears to sell loans to MERS ad infinitum.
Photo
This high-speed system made securitization easier and cheaper. But critics say the MERS system made it far more difficult for homeowners to contest foreclosures, as ownership was harder to ascertain.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
MERS was flawed at conception, those critics say. The bankers who midwifed its birth hired Covington & Burling, a prominent Washington law firm, to research their proposal. Covington produced a memo that offered assurances that MERS could operate legally nationwide. No one, however, conducted a state-by-state study of real estate laws.
“They didn't do the deep homework,” said an official involved in those discussions who spoke on condition of anonymity because they have clients involved with MERS. “So as far as anyone can tell their real theory was: ‘If we can get everyone on board, no judge will want to upend something that is reasonable and sensible and would screw up 70 percent of loans.' ”
County officials appealed to Congress, arguing that MERS was of dubious legality. But this was the 1990s, an era of deregulation, and the mortgage industry won.
“We lost our revenue stream, and Americans lost the ability to immediately know who owned a piece of property,” said Mark Monacelli, the St. Louis County recorder in Duluth, Minn.
And so MERS took off. Its board gave its senior vice president, William Hultman, the rather extraordinary power to deputize an unlimited number of “vice presidents” and “assistant secretaries” drawn from the ranks of the mortgage industry.
The “nomination” process was near instantaneous. A bank entered a name into MERS's Web site, and, in a blink, MERS produced a “certifying resolution,” signed by Mr. Hultman. The corporate seal was available to those deputies for $25.
As personnel policies go, this was a touch loose. Precisely how loose became clear when a lawyer questioned Mr. Hultman in April 2010 in a lawsuit related to its foreclosure against an Atlantic City cab driver.
How many vice presidents and assistant secretaries have you appointed? the lawyer asked.
“I don't know that number,” Mr. Hultman replied.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Approximately?
“I wouldn't even be able to tell you, right now.”
In the thousands?
“Yes.”
Each of those deputies could file loan transfers and foreclosures in MERS's name. The goal, as with almost everything about the mortgage business at that time, was speed. Speed meant money.
ALAN GRAYSON has seen MERS's record-keeping up close. From 2009 until this year, they served as the United States representative for Florida's Eighth Congressional District — in the Orlando area, which was ravaged by foreclosures. Thousands of constituents poured through their office, hoping to fend off foreclosures. Almost all had papers bearing the MERS name.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“In many foreclosures, the MERS paperwork was squirrelly,” Mr. Grayson said. With no real legal authority, they say, Fannie and the banks eliminated the old system and replaced it with a privatized one that was unreliable.
A spokesperson for MERS declined interview requests. In an e-mail, they noted that several state courts have ruled in MERS's favor of late. They expressed confidence that MERS's policies complied with state laws, even if MERS's members occasionally strayed.
“At times, some MERS members have failed to follow those procedures and/or established state foreclosure rules,” the spokesperson, Karmela Lejarde, wrote, “or to properly explain MERS and document MERS relationships in legal pleadings.”
Such cases, they said, “are outliers, reflecting case-specific problems in process, and did not repudiate the MERS business model.”
MERS's legal troubles, however, aren't going away. In August, the Ohio secretary of state referred to federal prosecutors in Cleveland accusations that notaries deputized by MERS were signing hundreds of documents without any personal knowledge of them. The attorney general of Massachusetts is examining a complaint by a county registrar that MERS owes the state tens of millions of dollars in unpaid fees.
As far back as 2001, Ed Romaine, the clerk for Suffolk County, on eastern Long Island, refused to register mortgages in MERS's name, partly because of complaints that the company's records didn't square with public ones. The state Court of Appeals later ruled that they had overstepped their powers.
But Judith S. Kaye, the state's chief judge at the time, filed a partial dissent. They worried that MERS, by speeding up property transfers, was pouring oil on the subprime fires. The MERS system, they wrote, ill serves “innocent purchasers.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I was trying to say something didn't smell right, feel right or look right,” Ms. Kaye said in a recent interview.
Photo
Little about MERS was transparent. Asked as part of a lawsuit against MERS in September 2009 to produce minutes about the formation of the corporation, Mr. Arnold, the former C.E.O., testified that “writing was not one of the characteristics of our meetings.”
MERS officials say they conduct audits, but in testimony could not say how often or what these measured. In 2006, Mr. Arnold stated that original mortgage notes were held in a secure “custodial facility” with “stainless steel vaults.” MERS, they testified, could quickly produce every one of those files.
As for homeowners, Mr. Arnold said they could log on to the MERS system to identify their loan servicer, who, in turn, could identify the true owner of their mortgage note. “The servicer is really the best source for all that information,” Mr. Arnold said.
The reality turns out to be a lot messier. Federal bankruptcy courts and state courts have found that MERS and its member banks often confused and misrepresented who owned mortgage notes. In thousands of cases, they apparently lost or mistakenly destroyed loan documents.
The problems, at MERS and elsewhere, became so severe last fall that many banks temporarily suspended foreclosures.
Some experts in corporate governance say the legal furor over MERS is overstated. Others describe it as a useful corporation nearly drowning in a flood tide of mortgage foreclosures. But not even the mortgage giant Fannie Mae, an investor in MERS, depends on it these days.
“We would never rely on it to find ownership,” says Janis Smith, a Fannie Mae spokesperson, noting it has its own records.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Apparently with good reason. Alan M. White, a law professor at the Valparaiso University School of Law in Indiana, last year matched MERS's ownership records against those in the public domain.
The results were not encouraging. “Fewer than 30 percent of the mortgages had an accurate record in MERS,” Mr. White says. “I kind of assumed that MERS at least kept an accurate list of current ownership. They don't. MERS is going to make solving the foreclosure problem vastly more expensive.”
THE Sarmientos are one of thousands of American families who have tried to pierce the MERS veil.
Several years back, they bought a two-family home in the Greenpoint section of Brooklyn for $723,000. They financed the purchase with two mortgages from Lend America, a subprime lender that is now defunct.
But when the recession blew in, Jose Sarmiento, a chef, saw their work hours get cut in half. They fell behind on their mortgages, and MERS later assigned the loans to U.S. Bank as a prelude to filing a foreclosure motion.
Then, with the help of a lawyer from South Brooklyn Legal Services, Mr. Sarmiento began turning over some stones. They found that MERS might have violated tax laws by waiting too long before transferring their mortgage. They also found that MERS could not prove that it had transferred both note and mortgage, as required by law.
One might argue that these are just legal nits. But Mr. Sarmiento, 59, shakes their head.  They are trying to work out a payment plan through the federal government, but the roadblocks are many. “I'm tired; I've been fighting for two years already to save my house,” they say. “I feel like I never know who really owns this home.”
Officials at MERS appear to recognize that they are swimming in dangerous waters. Several federal agencies are investigating MERS, and, in response, the company recently sent a note laying out a raft of reforms. It advised members not to foreclose in MERS's name. It also told them to record mortgage transfers in county records, even if state law does not require it.
MERS will no longer accept unverified new officers. If members ignore these rules, MERS says, it will revoke memberships.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That hasn't stopped judges from asking questions of MERS. And few are doing so with more puckish vigor than Arthur M. Schack, a State Supreme Court judge in Brooklyn.
Judge Schack has twice rejected a foreclosure case brought by Countrywide Home Loans, now part of Bank of America. They had particular sport with Keri Selman, who in Countrywide's court filings claimed to hold three jobs: as a foreclosure specialist for Countrywide Home Loans, as a servicing agent for Bank of New York and as an assistant vice president of MERS. Ms. Selman, the judge said, is a “milliner's delight by virtue of the number of hats that they wear.”
At heart, Judge Schack is scratching at the notion that MERS is a legal fiction. If MERS owned nothing, how could it bounce mortgages around for more than a decade? And how could it file millions of foreclosure motions?
These cases, Judge Schack wrote in February 2009, “force the court to determine if MERS, as nominee, acted with the utmost good faith and loyalty in the performance of its duties.”
The answer, they strongly suggested, was no.
Ozone hole over Antarctica expands to near-record levels, now four times size of Australia
Posted
The hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica has expanded to near-record levels this year, covering an area almost four times the size of Australia.
Scientists from the UN said the increase was due to colder-than-usual temperatures, rather than any extra damage being done to the Earth's protective layer.
But that could still mean extra UV radiation and the risk of more people getting sunburnt in Australia's southern states this summer.
The hole in the ozone layer above Antarctica has been carefully monitored for over 30 years.
According to atmospheric scientist Professor David Karoly from the University of Melbourne, its size fluctuates greatly when it emerges each spring.
"Each springtime over the last now nearly 35 years, there's been a depletion of stratospheric ozone over Antarctica primarily due to two really important factors," they said.
"It's the increase in ozone-depleting chemicals in the atmosphere and a very special cold conditions that occur in winter and spring over Antarctica which provide a special, if you like, catalytic ozone destruction vessel that allows the ozone to be rapidly deployed by the higher concentrations of chlorofluorocarbons — ozone-depleting chemicals that have occurred in the stratosphere due to human activity."
The UN's weather and climate agency said this year's seasonal ozone hole peaked on October 2, covering an area over Antarctica of 28.2 million square kilometres — close to four times the size of Australia or the size of Russia and Canada combined.
The CSIRO's Paul Krummel said it was a big difference compared to last year, when the seasonal ozone hole was one of the smallest on record.
"The past couple of years have actually been quite small ozone holes but this year it is certainly quite large and for this time of year it is one of the largest or is the largest on record but in terms of overall area compared to previous years, it's about the third or fourth-largest."
Mr Krummel said the size of this year's ozone hole was caused by unseasonably cold temperatures, rather than any additional damage to the ozone layer.
"What really determines the size of the ozone hole each year is really the meteorological conditions and this year it is extremely cold over the Antarctic and by this time of year normally warm air is starting to egress into that area and this hasn't happened yet," they said.
Ozone hole size could affect Australians
Mr Krummel said people should not be concerned by the meteorological variability, and noted that it occurs each year.
"We do know that the substances that cause the ozone hole, the chlorines and bromines up there are decreasing ... have decreased by about 18 per cent since their peak in the late 1990s, early 2000s," they said.
Since 1987, gases known to cause ozone depletion have been banned and last year the World Meteorological Organisation reported the first positive signs of "ozone recovery".
Professor David Karoly from the University of Melbourne said this fluctuation in size was not a long-term concern.
"It makes it harder to then see the long-term improvement, the declining trend in the size of the ozone hole but that is still expected to continue," they said.
"We expect in the southern hemisphere that the ozone hole will not completely recover for another 40 to 60 years, when it recovers back to pre-1980 levels when the ozone hole was first discovered."
However, this year's ozone hole size does have the potential to affect Australians.
"Once the ozone hole does start to break up, air that's depleted in ozone may be transported over to the southern parts of Australia which can, of course, during those periods increase the amount of UV radiation which in the Earth's surface," Mr Krummel said.
"So there could be a tendency for a bit more sunburn.
"I would say mostly the southern states is where it is likely to impact.
"This typically happens in December so just as the sun is getting hotter and higher in the sky, this is when it is likely to occur and then by January, February, it's probably dissipated."
Both scientists said vigilant use of sunscreen and sun-protective clothing was recommended throughout the Australian summer.
Topics: environment, climate-change, ozone, antarctica
Orlando City investor: Larger financial stake in soccer-specific stadium possible
In Orlando on Monday, Flavio Augusto da Silva said outside investors could be added after state rejected funding for soccer-specific stadium
With the shock and disappointment worn off, Augusto da Silva is exploring a “Plan B to help finance the stadium.” That could include an increased financial commitment from Augusto da Silva and the addition of other investors, the Brazilian multimillionaire said Monday.
Orlando City Soccer Club investor Flávio Augusto da Silva was “surprised” earlier this month when they heard the Florida Legislature rejected state funding for a proposed $110 million soccer-specific stadium in Orlando.
“Yeah, we will probably have to create a little bit,” said Augusto da Silva, who was in town for the first time since being announced as part of the Orlando City ownership group in February. “We're studying some strategies to get more people involved.''
Orlando City's original plan for funding construction of a soccer-specific stadium in downtown Orlando, a prerequisite for the franchise to join Major League Soccer, included $30 million from the team, $30 million in state sales taxes, $25 million in hotel taxes from Orange County and $25 million from the city, mostly in land costs.
Augusto da Silva, who earned their fortune by starting a chain of schools in South America that teach English to adults, is expected to contribute $70 million to $80 million toward the proposed stadium and MLS entry fees.
During their trip to Orlando, Augusto da Silva and Orlando City President Phil Rawlins met with Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer and Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs to discuss financial plans. They met with MLS Commissioner Don Garber in New York last week.
“It was very important for the MLS; it was the first time they met Flávio,” Rawlins said. “And it was important for Mayor Jacobs and Mayor Dyer to meet with them again.  They are our major shareholder and major investor.”
Rawlins said the legislative setback could prompt MLS to look elsewhere in the Southeast.
“We've always said that we're fearful of the competition from other cities catching up,” Rawlins said. “We're always going to be aware of what might Atlanta do, what might Miami do, what numerous cities might do to steal a march on us and take advantage of this opportunity.”
Augusto da Silva is not focused on the competition, though.
“The only concern I have is the financing,” Augusto da Silva said. “It's the only point we have to solve in the next weeks. The other things, I'm not worried about.
“We're pretty confident that once we solve the financial point, the other things will be OK.”
Augusto da Silva, who has been with family in Europe, left Orlando on Monday afternoon but expects to return in June with a revised plan. Orlando City's goal is to join MLS for the 2015 season.
“No one liked what happened [in the Legislature],” Augusto da Silva said. “We were expecting support from this bill. This bill was very important to the financing.
“Now we have two options: Wait another year and see if the bill will pass through. . . . Or Plan B. We prefer to go with Plan B instead of waiting for another year. That's the most important thing.”
bsonnone@tribune.com
Robert Cordaro Jr, 22 (Photo: RPD)
A drunk University of Rochester student took an ambulance for a brief joy ride early Thursday morning before crashing into a flower bed and getting arrested by Rochester police, officials said.
Robert C. Cordaro Jr., 22, a senior from Dunmore, Pennsylvania, pleaded not guilty in City Court Thursday morning to charges of third-degree grand larceny and fourth-degree criminal mischief, both felonies, according to City Court records. He's also accused of driving while intoxicated and driving with a blood alcohol content greater than .08 percent, both misdemeanors, and is facing numerous vehicle and traffic violations, including speeding.
Rochester Police Capt. Gary Moxley said a Rural/Metro ambulance crew responded to 740 Library Road on the UR River Campus shortly after 2:15 a.m. to treat an intoxicated male.
While the ambulance crew was assisting that person, a 22-year-old man jumped inside the ambulance and drove away, making it about a quarter-mile before "leaving the roadway and getting stuck in a flower bed on Trustee Road," Moxley said.
The ambulance, which is worth about $100,000, was damaged in the crash and had to be towed. Cordaro was uninjured when they were found behind the ambulance wheels by UR safety officers.
According to court records, Cordaro told officers they had been drinking and that taking the ambulance was "stupid." Court documents show their BAC was more than twice the legal threshold for DWI more than an hour after the crash.
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
According to UR athletics' website, Cordaro was a member of the Yellowjackets' football team.
They were remanded to the Monroe County Jail in lieu of $1,500 cash bail or bond and is scheduled to return to City Court on Monday morning.
This isn't the first time in recent months that a university student was accused of stealing an ambulance while intoxicated.
Colin A. Dahlberg, 23, of Pittsford, a student at the State University College at Geneseo, allegedly stole an ambulance and drove it around Geneseo while using the ambulance radio. He's facing four felonies and two misdemeanors, including two driving while intoxicated charges, and is due to appear in Livingston County Court next week.
JHAND@Gannett.com
VFREILE@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1Tcrw8I
I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for standing with me against the Washington establishment and those who despise our conservative Christian values.
Your encouragement, support and prayers throughout this brutal fight means the world to me and my family.
But I also wanted to let you know that the battle is NOT OVER!
You see, military and provisional ballots haven't yet been counted by the Secretary of State's office.
Without those ballots, Richard, this race is too close to call.
Not only that, but we have received reports of voter fraud and other irregularities at polling locations throughout the state.
That's what I mean when I say the battle is NOT OVER!
And that's why I'm counting on your generous support once more.
My campaign team is busy collecting numerous reported cases of voter fraud and irregularities for the Secretary of State's office.
But Richard, the truth is, chasing down and gathering up these reports requires a lot of resources my campaign simply doesn't have because our budget ran through Tuesday.
Worse yet, everything must be submitted shortly after the certification date, which is just a week and a half from today.
Time is running out for conservatives to guarantee the integrity of this election.
So can I count on you to chip in a donation to my campaign's “Election Integrity Fund” to help document and submit EVERY report of voter fraud and irregularities before the deadline?
Your generous support will help cover the costs associated with collecting and submitting the information on time.
This includes gas, research, phone calls, and hundreds of hours in manpower.
Any amount you can donate at this time is critical to ensuring the integrity of this election and making sure ALL votes are accurately counted before the certification date .
In closing, Richard, I recorded a special video message for you about the importance of this fight — and why the battle still rages on.
So please click HERE to watch the video and chip in a donation to help fund my campaign's critical “Election Integrity Fund.”
Thank you again for your support.
Please stay tuned for more updates in the near future.
Sincerely,
Paint a crosswalk, go to prison
Last Thursday, Anthony Cardenas was arrested by Vallejo police for felony vandalism. For a city known to have some crime problems, this wouldn't be much of a story had it not been how Cardenas had vandalized state property. Cardenas is in prison for painting one crosswalk and adding cross-hatching to the three official ones.
Newspapers as far away as DC have reported the news, and for good reason. The prison time, including a $15,000 bail, is a scandal.
The basics
The intersection of Illinois and Sonoma, where the “vandalism” occurred, is dangerous, at least according to the residents who live there. (We don't know for sure, as Vallejo doesn't have crash statistics readily available.) People drive quickly on Caltrans-owned Sonoma Boulevard, also known as Highway 29, and residents say they don't stop for pedestrians at this intersection.
The crosswalk that does exist, on the north side of the unsignalized intersection, is the only one for two blocks on either side. The intersections at Indiana and Arkansas don't have any east-west crosswalks.
Not that this should matter, of course. In California, any intersection without a No Pedestrians sign counts as a crosswalk, whether there is one painted or not. The pavement markings just show what's already there and tell drivers what to expect. In that light, it's ludicrous that, the night the crosswalk was removed, Vallejo PD would actually station an officer at that corner to prevent people from crossing there. There would be nothing illegal about the crossing, but that fact seems to have escaped VPD.
Cardenas himself, according to KTVU, was heavily involved in the neighborhood, beautifying where they could, adding a bit of color to what is otherwise a drab stretch of Sonoma Boulevard. The new crosswalk, and the additional lines through the other three, were their guerrilla attempt to make for a safer, more walkable Vallejo. Every neighborhood, every city, needs people who care so much about their neighborhood that they take their own time to make it better. A neighborhood doesn't just need monetary investment; it needs to be loved by the people who live there. Anthony Cardenas got arrested for that.
Now what?
Caltrans has already sandblasted away the offending crosswalk and will actually repave the whole intersection to ensure any trace of it is gone. Cardenas is out on bail thanks to an anonymous donor. The Times-Herald asked them whether they would be painting any more crosswalks (this was actually their second attempt). No, they said. “This is not worth it… Even though I hate for people to be hit … I am not going to pursue this.” Given that their house is on that corner, I suspect he'll get a front-row seat to the indifference of their city and state.
To be fair, there are official channels for street signage and street markings for a reason. It's important that places have a common lexicon of street markings, signage, etc., so they know how to interpret the roadway and respond appropriately.
Had Vallejo and Caltrans been leaders, they would have already painted a crosswalk here and operated regular stings against drivers who fail to yield to pedestrians trying to cross. If traffic were too fast, they would have tried to calm it. Interstate 80, not far from Sonoma Boulevard, is designed to separate the cars from the people so those who need to speed through can. If there must be high-speed traffic, let it be on roads intended for just that, not through neighborhoods that already have enough problems.
Unfortunately, neither Vallejo nor Caltrans have shown that kind of leadership, choosing instead to squelch the community spirit Cardenas expressed and put the desires of through traffic above the needs of the neighborhood.
And so the crosswalk will remain unmarked and unenforced, pedestrians in West Vallejo will continue be hit by cars, get injured and die, and a benighted corner of the Bay Area will remain so. So much for loving your neighborhood.
A draft Egyptian constitution has been agreed by a 50-member constituent assembly and presented for approval to the interim President, Adly Mansour.
A referendum on the new charter is expected to be held in January, paving the way for presidential and parliamentary elections. It would replace the controversial constitution approved by referendum in 2012, seven months before the military ousted President Mohammed Morsi.
Transition
Image caption The chairperson of the constituent assembly, Amr Moussa, presented the draft to Adly Mansour
Interim leader Adly Mansour will continue to have presidential powers until an elected successor is sworn in.
Mr Mansour will decide whether parliamentary or presidential elections should take place first. The original road-map set out by the military after the overthrow of Mr Morsi said parliamentary polls would precede a presidential vote. However, the draft states only that "procedures" for the "first election" must begin at least 30 days after the adoption of the constitution, and those for the "other election" within six months.
President
Image caption Mohammed Morsi was deposed by the military following mass opposition protests
The president may serve two four-year terms. Candidates must be at least 40 years old, Egyptian and born to Egyptian parents. The candidates, their parents and spouses may not have foreign nationality.
Parliament can hold a confidence vote in the president and, if a two-thirds majority approves, trigger a referendum on whether there should be early presidential elections. Parliament can also impeach the president with the approval of a two-thirds majority.
Government
Image caption The referendum is the first stage in the "democratic transition" promised by the interim government
The draft's preamble says Egypt seeks to "build a democratic, modern country with a civilian government".
The president will appoint a prime minister, who must secure parliament's approval. If the choice is rejected, the president must accept the choice of the party or coalition that has the majority in parliament. If the proposed government does not win parliament's approval, parliament will be dissolved and new elections held. The president requires the approval of the majority in parliament to reshuffle or dismiss the government.
Parliament
Image caption The House of Representatives was dissolved following a court decision in June 2012
The draft makes no mention of the upper house of parliament, the Shura Council, a consultative body that only gave its opinion on issues and revised draft laws. All legislative responsibility will therefore lie with the House of Representatives.
The interim president was left to decide what proportion of seats should be reserved for independents, with the remainder drawn from party lists.
The state should take measures to guarantee that women are "properly represented in legislative bodies". But workers and farmers will no longer be reserved half of the seats in the House of Representatives.
Military
Image caption The draft enshrines the military's place as Egypt's most powerful institution
The defence minister must be a member of the armed forces. During the first two presidential terms after the ratification of the constitution, the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (Scaf) - the governing body of senior officers in the military - must approve the appointment of the defence minister, appearing to place the military above civilian oversight and leaving the president's power unclear.
The military budget will remain beyond scrutiny, with the National Defence Council maintaining jurisdiction and only the overall total published.
Civilians may still be tried by military courts, but only for "direct attacks" on military premises, personnel, equipment, documents and funds.
Religion
Image caption Bishop Bola, the representative of the Coptic Orthodox Church on the panel, praised the draft
Islam remains "the religion of the state" and the "principles of Sharia" remain "the main source of legislation". But a provision in the 2012 constitution that gave a detailed definition of the "principles" is removed.
Al-Azhar, the oldest and most prestigious centre of learning in the Sunni Muslim world, is the "primary reference" in religious sciences and Islamic matters. But the role of its clerics in deciding if legislation conforms to the principles of Sharia is restored to the Supreme Constitutional Court.
The draft says freedom of belief is "absolute", whereas the 2012 charter said it was "protected". Freedom to practice religion and the establishment of places of worship are restricted to believers in "divine religions" - Islam, Christianity and Judaism - and subject to state laws, which have traditionally offered little protection. Christians and Jews can follow their religious codes in personal status affairs.
Politics
Image caption The Freedom and Justice Party was set up in 2011 as a "non-theocratic" group
Parties may not be "formed on the basis of religion, gender, race or geography", dealing a blow to Islamist movements like the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party. The 2012 constitution said only that they could not "discriminate" on the basis of religion.
Parties cannot participate in activities against the principles of democracy, be secretive or have military or paramilitary wings.
Rights
Image caption Activists had demanded the introduction of quotas for women in parliament
The draft enshrines personal and political rights in stronger language than past constitutions.
Citizens have the right to freedom of speech and freedom of assembly, but these can only be practised "according to the law", leaving room for the state to curb such rights through legislation.
The state "guarantees the achievement of equality between women and men in all civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights" and provides protection to women from "any form of violence". Slavery, the sex trade and "abuse of human beings" are also prohibited.
The state must abide by all human rights treaties signed by Egypt.
Anyone arrested must be referred to interrogators within 24 hours. A lawyer must be present at the interrogation and the detainee has the right to "remain silent". They will also be able appeal against their detention.
Artists, writers and filmmakers are guaranteed freedom to create, but the media can be censored at times of war and public mobilisation.
Denmark has decided to spare its former Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen the embarrassment their British colleague Tony Blair experienced for involving their country in the war in Iraq by keeping vital documents away from the public eye.
Unlike the United Kingdom, which last week published the Chilcot Report , which unleashed strong criticism of Tony Blair's Iraqi venture, Denmark decided to block a secret note regarding the 2003 Iraq War from public access, obviously with the intention of shielding its former Prime Minister and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen from similar scrutiny.
Whereas a batch of documents, including communications between Blair and former US President George W. Bush, were made available for public download after the publication of the Chilcot Report, a similar 14-year old document written by Rasmussen amid preparations for the US-led invasion of Iraq will be kept under wraps, Jyllands-Posten reported.
According to Denmark's parliamentary ombudsman, Danish law prohibits the publication of such material, which was described as "potentially damaging for other countries." Therefore, the document will be kept classified in accordance with the controversial 2013 Freedom of Information Law.
The debated document relates to a meeting between Rasmussen and then-US Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz in 2002, which is widely believed to have pushed Denmark into the US-led campaign to oust former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
© AP Photo / Sameer Najafizada Sweden's Doubling of Iraq Force Dismissed as 'Inadequate'
Remarkably, Copenhagen opposes the very idea of shedding light on Denmark's involvement in the bloody war, which threw Iraq into chaos and left millions dead as the nation was turned into a battleground. In 2015, Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen controversially cancelled a government inquiry into the Iraq War shortly after taking office.
A number of opposition politicians have been calling for the document to be made public, despite the perpetual blockade by the government. The background for Denmark's military involvement in the wars in Kosovo, Iraq and Afghanistan should be examined through an independent investigation, the Red-Green Alliance stated. According to party spokesperson Eva Flyvholm, Denmark should investigate this painful period to be able to learn from its mistakes and look forward, the Danish newspaper Extra Bladet reported.
Denmark has been a loyal NATO associate ever since it joined the alliance as a founding member. Over the past decades, Danish soldiers fought in the former Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya. Anders Fogh Rasmussen was Danish Prime Minister from 2001 to 2009, whereupon they went on to become NATO Secretary General and remained in office until October 2014.
Columbia has hired Peter Pilling, a vice president at IMG College, the sports marketing firm, to be its next athletic director, the university said Tuesday.
It will be Pilling's first experience with the Ivy League. A graduate of Brigham Young, they spent the last nine years at IMG College. Before that they held senior roles in the athletic departments at Brigham Young and Villanova.
In a phone interview, Pilling said they considered the appointment to be the fulfillment of a lifelong dream, in which they get to oversee the athletic department at an academically rigorous institution.
“When I talked to people about this position, everybody described it as a special place,” said Pilling, who will replace M. Dianne Murphy, who announced in September that they would step down and is set to do so April 13. “I feel very fortunate to be offered this position and excited about the future.”
Kayvon Webster wasn't a high-profile signing for the Los Angeles Rams this offseason. They have just two career starts and one interception, all of which came in their rookie season four years ago. However, those lackluster numbers don't tell the whole story on their career.
In Denver, Webster was blockaded by arguably the best cornerback unit in all football: Aqib Talib, Chris Harris Jr. and Bradley Roby. Now in Los Angeles, he's going to have a chance to become a primary starter. And according to coach Sean McVay, he's already done just that.
“Unless something changes, he's starting,” the coach said during their press conference. “He's been very important to us, so I think you want to be mindful of that because they are such an elite special teams player.”
Wade Phillips, the Rams' new defensive coordinator, spent the last two years in the same position with the Broncos. In doing so, they became familiar with Webster and the potential they possessed as a cornerback – beyond their typical special teams work.
That gave the Rams a better idea of how they could contribute on defense in 2017 and beyond, and if their play thus far is any indication of their future in L.A., he'll be a reliable contributor.
“Well, I think when you talk about getting Kayvon, it was very fortunate that Wade had some exposure to them because the depth that they had at corner – they were an elite special teams player and in the limited snaps they did play they put good stuff on tape,” McVay said. “But, I think since the day that Kayvon's got here he's represented great work, great player on the field, I think he's been a huge addition to our secondary and you look at they and Trumaine Johnson, they offer a nice pair at the corner spot. I love the way that they work and he's been a joy to be around.”
Needless to say, Webster will surpass their career starts total early this season, barring an injury or unforeseen situation. The real question is whether he'll double their interception total by bringing in their first pick since 2013.
MadMortigan: "For those that missed me, I missed you too"
One of the first casters in competitive DotA who embodied enthusiasm and entertainment, is all set to make a comeback. They have probably been our dirty little secret for over two years now. Not anymore. Here's MadMortigan unleashed!
“ OH MY GOD when that first wombo combo (thx LD and Lumi) blew up in IG's face i was going absolutely ape shit at the genius of Puppey. ”
“ Without a doubt Navi vs LGD in the winner bracket Final...That match, had me shaking, laughing, standing, cheering, and more or less dumbfounded on all levels. ”
“ ..but if its not for the fun, the chances are you'll be bored AND broke. ”
Kshitij “KrocK” Kothari Way to use PPLive on Firefox : http://www.gosugamers.net/dota/thread/855962-pplive-firefox-chrome-success/ Suitable Actors to play DOTA 2 Characters. Comprehensive list. http://gosugamers.net/dota2/thread.php?id=914373 Tobi's Q&A and speculations. http://www.gosugamers.net/dota2/thread/934940-tobi-s-q-a-and-some-more
Global Perimeter Security Systems and Solutions Market: Overview
Perimeter security refers to an integrated system that helps in physical security of a facility as well as provides protection against unauthorized physical intrusions. It includes technologies such as video surveillance systems, access control systems, notification and communication systems, and intrusion detection. In the recent times, owing to technological advancements, security systems also deploy infrared, microwave, radar, and seismic sensors, which has further added to the robustness of these systems. With growing demand to ensure protection from all types of malicious activities and to check the movements of authorized personals, the global market for perimeter security systems and solutions is projected for healthy growth rate during the forecast period of 2016 to 2024.
This report on global perimeter security systems and solutions market is a thorough study of the market in its current condition, and based on an in-depth analysis of all the factors that may impact the demand in the recent future, it estimates the future state of the market until 2024. It also highlights some of the latest trends of the market in order to help the existing and new players in making most of the new opportunities. Among the key features of the report is the chapter on company profiles, wherein a number of leading vendors have been analyzed for their market share, competitors, products, pricing and margin, and recent strategic developments such as mergers and acquisitions, collaborations, and investments for the development of new products and technologies. The global perimeter security systems and solutions can be segmented on the basis of application, into video surveillance systems, system integration consultancy, and commercial and transportation facilities.
Global Perimeter Security Systems and Solutions Market: Drivers and Restraints
Some primary factors driving this market include constant risk of terrorism, increasing criminal activities, illegal immigration concerns, and anti-government protests. Several governments across the world have employed regulations to increase safety at respective facilities and are offering subsidies for the adoption of new technology. The need to reduce manpower is another prominent factor helping the expansion of the market. These perimeter security systems and solutions not only work constantly, the automated processes help in reducing the number of manual check-posts. End-use industries such as oil and petrochemical, power stations, and hazardous industries are expected to extend the demand in the near future. Conversely, economic slowdown and high cost of these systems are expected to hinder the growth rate of the market during the forecast period.
Currently, the product segment of video surveillance systems accounts for most of the demand in the market, although the segment of commercial and transport facilities is projected for most robust growth rate.
Global Perimeter Security Systems and Solutions Market: Regional Outlook
Currently, North America serves the maximum demand in this market, which is a reflection of increased threat of terrorism and illegal immigration along with high buying power of the end users in the countries of the U.S. and Canada, while emerging economies such as China, India, and Australia are expected to turn Asia Pacific into a lucrative market in the recent future.
Companies mentioned in the research report
Some of the prominent companies in the global market for perimeter security systems and solutions are Honeywell international Inc., Senstar, Xtralis, Cias, Fiber sensys Inc, Southwest microwave Inc, Tyco systems, Puretech systems, Rbtec perimeter security systems, United technologies corporation, Schneider electric se, Av tech, Cnb technology, Flir systems Inc., Advanced perimeter systems ltd, Kodicom, Actividentity, Fst21, Abs consulting, Cyberark, Breifcam, Door king Inc, and Fiber sensys Inc
Major regions analyzed under this research report are:
Europe
North America
Asia Pacific
Rest of the World
This report gives you access to decisive data such as:
Market growth drivers
Factors limiting market growth
Current market trends
Market structure
Market projections for the coming years
Key highlights of this report
NEW YORK — They speak five different languages, plays the piano and reads Hemingway. Their post-game choice of beverage is a cold glass of chocolate milk. When they answer questions, they do so thoughtfully and sprinkles their sentences with five-syllable words and phrases like “exponentially” and “naïve ignorance.”
[np_storybar title=”‘This group can do something': Capitals coach confident team can reverse trend of falling short in big games” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/nhl/washington-capitals-confident-they-can-reverse-trend-of-falling-short-in-big-games-this-group-can-do-something”%5D
[/np_storybar]
In the words of their teammates, they are either “book smart” or a “weirdo.”
But right now, the adjective that best describes Chris Kreider is “beast.” Along with goaltender Henrik Lundqvist, who has been fantastic during these entire playoffs, the 24-year-old Kreider is a big reason why the New York Rangers will be playing in Game 7 against the Washington Capitals on Wednesday.
The Rangers were behind 3-1 in the Eastern Conference semifinal series and were losing Game 5 when Kreider scored a goal with 1:41 remaining in the third period to send it to overtime. Two nights later, they imprinted themselves on Game 6 with two first-period goals as the Rangers won 4-3.
Forget Rick Nash. How do the Capitals stop Kreider?
“He's an animal,” teammate J.T. Miller said. “He's always shining in the playoffs. He's just too strong and too fast and too big. When they want to take it over like that, you can't stop him.”
For Kreider, who is tied with Derick Brassard with a team-leading five goals this post-season, this is nothing new. They scored a career-best 21 goals in the regular season, but their college and pro careers have so far been defined by their post-season success.
In three years at Boston College, Kreider won three pressure-filled Beanpot tournaments — a bragging-rights tournament played between the four Boston-area universities. They scored the game-winning goal one year and was named the MVP another year. They were a member of two NCAA championship teams and the U.S. world junior championship club in 2010. Their springtime success in New York has vaulted them to another level of fan devotion.
Nine days after they won the second NCAA title, Kreider joined the Rangers for the 2012 playoffs before even playing a regular-season game. They scored five goals in 18 games that year, including two game-winners. It was a whirlwind experience, said Kreider, who had jokingly told reporters that they were throwing up between periods.
“I think that first year I was kind of full of ignorance and naïve to the situation,” Kreider said. “I was put in a kind of win-win situation. Just go out there and play. Not a whole lot of pressure. At the same time, if there's anything to take away from those one-and-done games at the college level, as fun as they are and as much build-up as there is, it's not fun if you don't win.”
At six-foot-three and 226 pounds, Kreider seems to have a body and a playing style that is built specifically for the playoffs, when the games are more tightly checked and loosely officiated. They play angry. And they have the strength to back it up. Type in Kreider's name in YouTube and a video appears of them exploding out of waist-high water in a swimming pool, somehow managing to land feet first on the deck.
“He's very powerful on the ice,” head coach Alain Vigneault said. “Not just their stride but their ability to retrieve pucks and hold onto pucks and take those pucks to the net. He's such a strong player, real tough to handle one-on-one. We need them to play that way right now.”
Aside from scoring the Game 3 winner against the Pittsburgh Penguins, Kreider was quiet offensively in the first round of the playoffs. But even when he's not scoring, you notice him.  They are tied for fifth among forwards in the playoffs with 45 hits and their crease-crashing disregard for the opposing goaltender — they crashed into and injured the Canadiens' Carey Price in the post-season last year — might finally be getting to Washington's Braden Holtby.
“I don't think it's fun for a D-man to go back and get the puck and hear them run — not skate, because it looks like he's running — at you,” Rangers forward Carl Hagelin said. “That's when he's at their best.”
Ask Kreider if there is something about the post-season that brings out the best in them and they deflect the attention towards their linemates. When pressed to talk about what is different with their own game, they replied, “Well, there's obviously a level of desperation that's not there in the regular season that's exponentially increased.”
Indeed, they are averaging 0.31 goals per game in 52 career playoff games; an increase from the 0.24 they have averaged in 169 regular season games. But it is not just their production that has increased. Their chirp per game average has also spiked — not that anyone knows what exactly they are saying.
“The whole series he's yelling at (Evgeni) Malkin from the bench in Russian,” Miller said. “You can't help but laugh. It's hilarious.”
Earth's political boundaries will always shift as conflict rises and regimes fall. We are used to this sort of change and the out-of-date maps it produces. But nothing in the history of human diplomacy has prepared us for what's coming next — countries that physically cease to exist as the land they are made of is swallowed up by rising seas.
For low-lying nation states like the Maldives, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and Kiribati, it's not a question of if, but when. Keeping the world to two degrees Celsius of warming, the stated goal of the Paris Agreement on climate change, would still result in 15 feet of future sea level rise, according to analysis by Climate Central. At 16 feet, the Maldives and Tuvalu would be completely submerged. The Marshall Islands would be 99 percent underwater, and Kiribati 97 percent. Even a few feet of sea level rise — within the realm of possibility for this century — would devastate these countries and permanently change their landscapes.
The Maldives is made up of 1,192 small coral islands with an average elevation of three feet.
“Life is difficult enough on these small islands, surrounded by the vastness of the ocean, without adding the challenges of sea level rise, more dangerous extreme weather, and the loss of food and fresh water resources,” write Andrew Holland and Esther Babson of the American Security Project in a recent report for the Center for Climate and Security. The islands have made up for their small populations and poor resources by forming alliances with each other, and yet a humanitarian crisis is almost guaranteed.
Kiribati has made some effort to plan for the future, by purchasing land in Fiji that currently grows food for the people of Kiribati and may one day house them as well. But it's most likely that the exoduses will happen in sudden moments of crisis, when storm surges flood whole islands and poison freshwater resources. “What we should expect is more uncontrolled migration from island to island, to cities and developed countries,” write Holland and Babson.
The island of Funafuti is one of nine that make up Tuvalu, and is home to about 6,000 people.
Where will climate change refugees go when their homes are destroyed, and will they be welcomed when they arrive? Will the magnitude of the crisis prompt nationalist, reactionary policies that see borders shut down and xenophobia climb? You might say that's already happening today, with refugees from Syria's brutal war, set off in part by climate change, being portrayed as potential threats in the mainstream discourse of the United States, Europe, and elsewhere.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
And what happens to the political entity of a nation state when its physical land is abandoned? What rights do former inhabitants still claim to that region and the economic resources it may still hold? Currently the island nations lay claim to an exclusive economic zone that extends 200 miles in all directions. Who will own the rights to fish when the land is all but gone? The international community has yet to grapple with these questions, and there will be no easy answers.
The Kwajalein Atoll is one of 29 that make up the Republic of the Marshall Islands.
China has shown an increasing interest in the region, and has upped climate change aid to these countries dramatically. One motivation could be a desire to ultimately have more say in who gets to control these island resources when the people move away.
A power struggle between countries vying for influence is possible, and preventing it will depend on a great deal of international cooperation in a forum where the ground rules have yet to be invented.
Kiritimati is the largest atoll in the Republic of Kiribati.
The recent promise of United States President Donald Trump to withdraw from the Paris Agreement ups chances that nations will look to their own interests before helping their neighbors. The U.S., after all, is the richest country in the world and the one that has contributed the most to climate change. If it shirks responsibility for the damage it has wrought, why would another step up?
And the rest of the world will certainly have its own troubles. “These problems are not unique to small, poor island nations,” write Holland and Babson. “It is only that they will be forced to deal with them first.”
Keep your hands to yourself
Tulsa City Council just voted to effectively outlaw panhandling, sending mixed messages to people living in poverty
By Joshua Kline
Earlier this year, Mayor G.T. Bynum announced the launch of Better Way, an initiative to help impoverished citizens who panhandle by offering them on-the-spot day-laboring opportunities to help beautify the city. Compensation includes lunch and a wage of $9 an hour, paid in cash. Modeled after a similar program in Albuquerque, Better Way was originally planned to launch in early 2018, but after an overwhelmingly positive reaction from citizens, city leaders, and nonprofits, Mayor Bynum announced that the program would begin this summer, ahead of schedule.
The question of how to best serve and help Tulsa's homeless population is an often heated conversation between city leaders and the public. In 2014, signs that read “PLEASE DO NOT PAY THE PANHANDLERS” appeared in the Brady Arts District, prompting outcry from some and approval from others. In 2015, Pearl District residents bickered over Iron Gate soup kitchen's proposed relocation to 3rd Street and Peoria Avenue. Some feared that an influx of homeless citizens seeking a hot meal would undermine efforts to gentrify the neighborhood. Last year, Tulsa City Council voted to increase the fines for a panhandling violation from $50 to $150.
In each instance, public opinion has been split along a dividing line of two opposing perceptions: one sees the homeless as a dangerous nuisance and economic drag, the other sees them as people who are struggling and in need of support.
After much debate and division over how to address the problem of poverty, Better Way appeared to be one solution everybody could get behind.
Then, on June 28, the City Council voted 5–3 in favor of amending a solicitation ordinance to further restrict roadside panhandling, and the debate was rekindled.
“It's not specifically going after panhandling,” District 5 City Councilor Karen Gilbert, the amendment's sponsor, told the Tulsa World after the proposed ordinance's first public reading on June 21. “It's a public safety issue. We don't want anyone getting into the street.”
The original language of the ordinance—Title 37, Chapter 11, Section 1105, labeled “Pedestrians soliciting rides, employment, business or contributions”—read as follows.
No person shall step or stand in the roadway or median used to channel traffic for the purpose of soliciting a ride, employment, business or contributions of any kind from the occupant of any vehicle; provided however, that sworn public safety officers may solicit contributions for a charitable project officially adopted by their bargaining agents.
I.E.: “Don't stand in the road, unless you're a firefighter collecting money in your boot.”
The amendment to the ordinance adds new language after “used to channel traffic”:
… or place any body part in or over the roadway, or extend into or over a roadway any device, container or sign …
Meaning, it's now illegal to accept money or gifts through a car window.
“We cannot outlaw panhandling because of our First Amendment, so anyone can stand on the street and say or ask whatever they want,” Councilor Gilbert told me after the revised ordinance was approved. “But we just want to keep both citizens and drivers safe. The complaints that I have gotten from constituents are in regard to panhandlers on the exit ramps and that is one of the most dangerous places to be. We don't want people reaching into the street or into a car out of fear they might be hit.”
Gilbert said they received “a large number” of constituent complaints regarding panhandling on a monthly basis, leading them to sponsor the ordinance change. Though they initially told the Tulsa World otherwise, she's since made it clear that this is specifically about going after panhandlers, though they insist it's for their own protection.
“This is a tool for our police officers to keep panhandlers off of the street and out of harm's way,” they said.
“There ain't nothin' they can do to stop us,” Tim Davis said.
On a brutally hot July afternoon, Davis sat in a camping chair at a heavily littered corner of an access road off of I-244, holding out a cup toward the road. Davis, who is of Seminole descent, came to Tulsa from Florida as a kid. He's been panhandling in the Kendall Whittier area for three years. On a typical day, they said, they make $10 to $12, most of which they use for food.
“I don't stand in the middle of the road, I don't hold up signs, I don't do none of that,” Davis said.
Davis described to me the world they live in: watching their friends die, constantly ducking violence, avoiding the cops, and finding new corners to call a temporary home until the next displacement.
“There was a tent city by the river for a while, but we all got kicked out.”
I asked them what they would do if they were ticketed for accepting money from a car.
“I'd go to prison,” they said. “And you gotta remember, I'm Native American. It's the same old shit over and over. They won't give us restitution but they still want us to pay. It's all about money.”
At the June 28 City Council meeting, District 4 Councilor Blake Ewing made an emphatic case that the ordinance is counterproductive, morally troubling, and bad optics for the city.
“I understand that it's up to the officer's discretion as to whether or not a violation has occurred to the level that merits a citation or arrest—but if we're creating an ordinance that we don't intend to consistently enforce, then I would ask why we're doing that,” Ewing said. “And if we're creating an ordinance that we intend to consistently enforce, then I would ask why this would ever rise above any of the other existing ordinances that we've got on the books that I think many of us would agree are much more pressing.
“Whether it's targeted specifically at the homeless or panhandlers or not, my concern is that it communicates to those folks that the city is taking efforts to make life even more difficult on people for whom life is already quite difficult.”
District 6 Councilor Connie Dodson echoed Ewing's concerns and added that they worried the new law would force panhandlers to approach more citizens in parking lots and on sidewalks.
But councilors Phil Lakin (District 8) and Anna America (District 7 and council chair) argued that the ordinance was about public safety first and foremost.
Only Ewing, Dodson, and District 1 Councilor Vanessa Hall-Harper voted against it.
“There's a law in place already,” said Sarah Grounds, executive director of Night Light Tulsa, an outreach program that serves Tulsa's homeless population with food, clothing, toiletries, haircuts, and conversation every Thursday night under the I-244 bridge on M.B. Brady Street near Maybelle Avenue. “Furthering that law with different language that is going to fine people that already can't pay their fines or jail them or whatever—it seems punitive.”
Grounds recalled an incident two years ago in which a woman who'd been placed in housing by the Mental Health Association couldn't afford toilet paper and other basic needs.
“And they were panhandling for those products,” Grounds said, “until we came in and [helped]. I think there are a lot of good nonprofits out there who are willing to step in and help … but we have to identify the problem instead of just furthering charges on people who can't pay the fines.”
Leaders at the Community Service Council, one of the many organizations that opposed the change to the ordinance, were also concerned.
“We are concerned that this new ordinance will encourage harassment of panhandlers,
further pushing the homeless out of public view and therefore making them even harder to help,” said Rachel Runfola, who leads the veterans division at the Community Service Council. “Let's not forget that all too many of those in crisis who we serve are veterans.”
“Driving people from public view makes the task of finding and rendering assistance to these individuals far more difficult and expensive,” said Patrice Pratt, director of the housing and homelessness division of the Community Service Council. “In times of shrinking revenues and funding, adding an unnecessary burden to both the vulnerable and those who wish to provide services is counterproductive.”
Michael Brose, CEO of Mental Health Association Oklahoma (MHAOK), and representatives from A Way Home for Tulsa—a coalition of 23 public and private agencies focused on fighting poverty and homelessness—met with Councilor Gilbert as well as TPD Chief Chuck Jordan ahead of the vote to express opposition to the ordinance change.
“It was pretty much a done deal that it was going to pass, but I think that it's important for the public to know we think this will have very little real impact on the frequency of panhandling,” Brose said, citing Oklahoma City's similar ordinance, which they said appears to have had little impact since its passage last year.
In response to the ordinance passage, Brose and A Way Home have offered to work “side by side” with the police department to help habitual violators of the ordinance avoid tickets and jail time and instead assist them with food, shelter, healthcare, and referrals to substance abuse treatment programs.
“We hope this happens, and we're optimistic it will,” Brose said.
At the City Council meeting, Blake Ewing expressed similar concerns about the ordinance's consequences.
“I think it's much more likely that we will see needy people cited for this, given a ticket that they can't pay, and then the next time they're cited for this a warrant will be out for them, and they will end up potentially being taken to jail for having reached into the street previously,” Ewing said. “It just doesn't make sense to me, in a city that's already struggling to have our police officers available for more pressing issues, to tie up our law enforcement with dealing with panhandlers who reach or even step into the street.”
Gilbert disagrees.
“I would hope that anyone who receives a ticket would be a responsible citizen and make sure that their fines are paid,” they told me. “If a panhandler cannot pay their or their ticket, they may go to court and bring it to a judge.”
So far, Mayor Bynum has not publicly offered an opinion or comment on the issue, besides telling the Tulsa World after the ordinance's first reading that it “hadn't yet had any input from their office.” But to many in Tulsa, the message the City Council sent on June 28 was both decidedly mixed and crystal clear.
“What I feel like this communicates is that we're coming after [those in need],” Ewing said to their fellow councilors before the vote. “Not saying that's the intent, but I think that's how it will be perceived, and I think we have a responsibility to communicate something different.”
For more from Joshua, read their interview with Chuck Klosterman.
Last week the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit upheld a Maryland gun control law that bans "assault weapons" and detachable large-capacity magazines, holding that the Second Amendment offers no impediment to such legislation.
Among the judges who joined the 4th Circuit's 10-4 decision in this case, Kolbe v. Hogan, was a highly respected legal conservative named Judge J. Harvie Wilkinson III.
What led a respected conservative judge to uphold a sweeping gun control law? In addition to joining the majority opinion, Wilkinson filed a separate concurrence in which they explained their thinking. According to Wilkinson, the matter boiled down to the core principle of judicial deference. "It is altogether fair," Wilkinson wrote, "to argue that the assault weapons here should be less regulated, but that is for the people of Maryland (and the Virginias and the Carolinas) to decide."
In Wilkinson's view, if the federal courts enter the business of invalidating democratically enacted gun control measures such as the ones at issue here, the end result will be to "empower the judiciary and leave Congress, the Executive, state legislatures, and everyone else on the sidelines." As far as Wilkinson is concerned, the federal courts "are not impaneled to add indefinitely to the growing list of subjects on which the states of our Union and the citizens of our country no longer have any meaningful say."
Wilkinson's concurrence offers the classic argument for judicial deference, or judicial restraint: If you don't like what your lawmakers have done, take your complaint to the ballot box, not to the courthouse. For decades this was a dominant view among legal conservatives. Indeed, as recently as twenty years ago, Wilkinson's ode to judicial minimalism would have placed them squarely within the mainstream of conservative legal thought, even though it arose in the context of a Second Amendment case.
But the times are changing. Judicial deference is no longer quite as popular among legal conservatives as it once was, and this particular case helps to illustrate why. After all, doesn't the Second Amendment itself suggest that there are some subjects on which democratic majorities should not have any meaningful say? Doesn't the Constitution place certain rights beyond the reach of lawmakers, and isn't it sometimes the job of the federal courts to enforce those constitutional limits and strike down overreaching legislation, even when such judicial action requires the courts to act in an anti-democratic fashion?
As a principled advocate of judicial deference, Wilkinson effectively answers no to such queries. The big question going forward is how many legal conservatives are still willing to side with Wilkinson.
Related: Conservatives v. Libertarians: The debate over judicial activism divides former allies.
Making the decision to keep your baby's diet as free of pesticides, preservatives, sweeteners and coloring agents is an admirable one, though the idea of making your own baby food can be daunting. In truth, the process is quite a bit simpler that it seems on the surface.
Collect Your Supplies
There are entire systems on the market designed specifically to facilitate making and storing baby food. Packaged with a small processor and several cups that seal with screw-on lids, these collections are popular sellers among the new-parent set. However, purchasing one of these systems isn't an absolute necessity; you can use objects that are probably already in your kitchen.
You'll need a food processor or blender, clean jars with tight-fitting lids, a rubber spatula, a pot for cooking and a selection of organic fruits, vegetables and legumes. A hand-powered food mill would also do the trick, but tends to be more difficult to clean and time-consuming than an electric blender or food processor. If you do choose to purchase a baby food system, it will come with everything you need to prepare fresh, organic food for your little one except for the fruits and vegetables themselves.
Make Enough to Last
Many parents who make their own organic baby food find that it's much easier to prepare an entire week's worth of food in one session, rather than being forced to cook and puree each day. It's not advised to prepare baby food with the intention of storing it for more than a week unless you plan to use a pressure-canning method, which is a time-consuming and tricky process for inexperienced beginners. You can also pour food into ice cube trays and freeze it, transferring the cubes of pureed food to labeled jars after they've frozen solid. Homemade organic baby food preserved by using this method is good for up to one month in the freezer; label it carefully and be sure to date each container.
Assemble Your Ingredients and Get Down to Business
Wash vegetables and fruits thoroughly. Peel and seed if necessary, then roughly chop into chunks to reduce cooking times. If you plan to include meats, remove all skin and trim any fat. Cook fruits and vegetables until they reach a soft, tender consistency. All meat should be completely well-done; red meats should have absolutely no remaining pinkness. Don't add any sweetener, salt or spices, especially honey, as babies under one year of age could contract botulism from ingesting honey, even if it's used in baked or processed food. Even pasteurized honey may contain botulinum spores that can lead to severe health complications for infants. Eggs, tomatoes and nuts should also be avoided during baby's first year, as they are common food allergens. Reactions can be quite severe in infants, so parents are advised to wait until their child is a full year old before introducing these foods.
When the food has cooled, use your blender or food processor to puree it; the texture should depend upon your baby's age and dietary habits. During the first few weeks of feeding your baby table food, mixing a bit of breast milk or formula with the vegetables and fruits will cause it to take on a thinner, more manageable consistency with familiar flavors. As your infant becomes more accustomed to table food, liquid can be gradually reduced and the texture of food can be chunkier. You can also use water or liquid reserved from the cooking process to dilute the consistency of thick baby food.
Portion only as much food as you think your baby will eat in one sitting, and do not reserve “left over” food for later feedings. It's best to allow food to cool to room temperature before serving it, as Baby's lips and mouth are very sensitive to heat. The best and safest method of thawing frozen food is to allow the mixture to thaw naturally; however, it may be necessary to use a microwave from time to time. Should you choose this method, heat each cube of food for ten seconds before stirring thoroughly. Repeat this process, but only until food is just thawed and close to room temperature. Careful stirring and testing eliminates “hot pockets” of food, which are a common result of uneven heating in microwave ovens. Be sure to carefully sterilize containers for storage, and adhere to safe food-handling practices; your baby's immune system is far more fragile than your own, placing them at a much higher risk for food-borne illnesses.
On Tuesday night, a 30-year-old Democrat with no electoral experience narrowly lost a special election in a deep red congressional district that they don't live in.
Therefore, a number of Democrats and pundits have concluded that Nancy Pelosi should no longer be House minority leader.
“I think you'd have to be an idiot to think we could win the House with Pelosi at the top,” Texas member of congress Filemon Vela told Politico. “Nancy Pelosi is not the only reason that Ossoff lost. But they certainly are one of the reasons.”
It's just extremely difficult for Ds to argue benefits of Nancy Pelosi's fundraising skills still outweigh cost of their presence in GOP ads. — Dave Wasserman (@Redistrict) June 21, 2017
The reasoning here appears to be: If Nancy Pelosi weren't in the party's leadership, then it would have been impossible for Republicans to remind Trump-averse conservatives in the Atlanta exurbs that Jon Ossoff was a Democrat — and that liberals vote for Democrats.
It's true that conservative groups spent a lot of money on ads tying Ossoff to Pelosi and their “San Francisco values.” And there's no question that this culture-war theme did a lot of work for Karen Handel's campaign: The Republican nominee refused to take a position on their party's deeply unpopular health-care bill — while their jobs message included firm opposition to the concept that full-time workers should be paid enough money to remain alive. Handel offered their constituents little beyond an opportunity to express their disgust for Godless liberals. And this proved to be more than sufficient.
But it just doesn't follow that red America's cultural resentments would lose their political potency the moment Pelosi ceded the throne. Yes, ads linked Ossoff to the minority leader — they also linked them to Kathy Griffin, black-block anarchists, and the guy that shot Steve Scalise.
The Democrats are the party of liberals. Republicans will never have a hard time bringing this up in places where its inconveniant for Team Blue's candidates. Nor will the party that turned a centrist technocrat into a sharia-socialist have trouble demonizing Pelosi's successor.
Happily, American public opinion is far more liberal than it is conservative. And there are more Democrats in the United States than there are Republicans. The problem is that the former just aren't that into voting. And replacing Pelosi with the last surviving blue dog Democrat would only make that problem worse.
The Democratic Party should try to convert some Republican-leaning voters — but the ones whose amygdalae flare up when they think about a liberal woman from San Francisco holding a position of power are not among them. And it's a little insane to think otherwise. Virtually every non-Democrat who is familiar with the words Nancy Pelosi is a member of the Republican base — imagine the GOP deciding in 2016 that its path back to power involved winning over voters who gag at the mention of John Boehner.
Now, might there be a case for replacing Pelosi, regardless of the results of last night's election? Sure. The Democrats need to do more to cultivate their next generation of national leadership. And the party's approval rating is roughly as high as Donald Trump's — a rebranding couldn't hurt. If there's a charismatic, rising star in the House — who boasts the trust of the party's rising left-flank, a persona that appeals to independent voters in middle America, and an apparent talent for fundraising and legislative deal-making — then by all means, Pelosi should make way for the future.
But if that future has yet to arrive, Democrats shouldn't pretend that it has for the sake of appealing to people who hate their party's base.
After months of dealing with bedbug infestations, floods and closures, management at Victoria General has been prompted by patient complaints to order a deep cleaning of the Halifax facility.
The Nova Scotia Health Authority's decision is a response to "concerns raised by some of our patients," according to a statement released Wednesday.
The moves come just a day after a CBC News story in which an Edmonton woman described their "nightmare" stay at the hospital while they underwent an operation to donate a kidney.
Shelley Vaughan said during their four days at the VG after surgery their bed sheets weren't changed, their toilet wasn't cleaned, they aren't offered a fresh gown, the floors were dirty and there was "something smeared" on the sides of their bed.
On Wednesday, a spokesperson for the authority said a special team is being brought in to meet cleanliness standards. Everton McLean said there is no timeline, but it will happen as soon as possible.
There will be no delays or closures caused by the cleaning.
Crothall Healthcare Canada, the company that employs the hospital's housekeeping staff, said every effort is being made to ensure the hospital is kept clean and protocols are followed.
"Crothall Healthcare continues to work in partnership with the Victoria General Hospital to deliver consistent, high quality cleaning services," Saira Husain, the company's communications manager, said in an email.
"We regularly conduct rigorous audits and continuously seek opportunities to improve on cleaning practices."
This week we have some solid info on Star Wars: Episode VIII preparation for filming in Ireland and we have some solid information on the movement in Kerry specifically from a good friend:
Crew have now started work on a fairly large set at Ceann Sibeal in west Kerry.
A temporary road is in place and in the last few days two big cranes have been brought onto the site.
A temporary road is in place and in the last few days two big cranes have been brought onto the site. Locals in the area who are involved in the shoot (providing accommodation, transport, etc) say the crew are building some sort of village which resembles the ancient stone monastery that's on Skellig Michael. Whether its a new location or a replica of what's on Skellig isn't clear yet but it looks similar in design.
Some filming, probably background and effects shots, is due to start at the end of April with principal photography with Hamill and Ridley to start in May and last about 10 days. Shoot will be much bigger than the ones on Skellig island and almost every bit of accommodation nearby has been booked out by Disney.
Attached is a pic that shows the cranes. Not a great quality shot but it gives some idea of whats going on.
We will keep our eyes on the Kerryman for more local information on the filming of the next Star Wars film!
Bony has won 32 caps for the Ivory Coast, scoring 11 goals
Manchester City are in advanced talks with Swansea City over signing Wilfried Bony, BBC Wales Sport has learned.
It is thought it would take more than £30m to prise the Ivory Coast striker, 26, from the Liberty Stadium.
Swansea manager Garry Monk has said it will take an "astronomical" fee to secure Bony in the January transfer window.
They were the Premier League's top scorer in the calendar year of 2014 with 20 goals.
Bony joined Swansea for a club-record £12m from Vitesse Arnhem in 2013.
 They are on Africa Cup of Nations duty with the Ivory Coast for at least the next three weeks, and any deal would likely be concluded after their return.
BBC Wales Sport's Dafydd Pritchard "Bony signed a one-year contract extension in November and, although that couldn't ward off interest from Manchester City, it did get rid of the £20m release clause in the striker's previous deal. Swansea can now demand £30m or more for the 26-year-old, not that a fee of that size will put off a club of City's financial power. As Bony is currently with the Ivory Coast at the Africa Cup of Nations, they may well have already played their final game for the Swans."
Arsenal, Liverpool and Tottenham were all reported to be interested, but the Premier League champions have made the first move to bolster their attacking options.
They were without injured strikers Sergio Aguero and Edin Dzeko for the festive period and manager Manuel Pellegrini is keen to add further depth to their squad.
The fee being discussed would break the Welsh club record sale of £15m that Liverpool paid Swansea for midfielder Joe Allen in August 2012.
Just last week Pellegrini had indicated the Premier League champions were not looking to do serious business in the January transfer window. They told reporters: "We have important restrictions about amount of money and restrictions on players we can put in our Champions League squad."
The club were hit with Uefa sanctions last year for breaching financial fair play rules which included a spending cap of £49m, plus any money raised from transfer fees.
They spent around £48m in the summer on Eliaquim Mangala, midfielder Fernando, and goalkeeper Willy Caballero, although sold Jack Rodwell to Sunderland for a reported £10m and midfielder Javi Garcia joined Zenit St Petersburg for £13m.
MATT KREMKAU - EMPIRE OF SOCCER
by ANTHONY J. MERCED
In an era where speed and strength are seemingly the most lauded characteristics in athletes, “slowing down” has been one of the keys to Alex Muyl's rise within the New York Red Bulls.
“I'm known now as a player who is a workhorse,” said Alex Muyl after Sunday's game against the New England Revolution. “It's about slowing down and making plays. I want to be a player who is known for quality as well.”
Since Lloyd Sam's departure from the team, Alex Muyl has taken over the right wing position and, despite being rough around the edges, cemented their spot over players like Gonzalo Veron and Shaun Wright-Phillips. In 21 games, 12 being starts, Muyl has racked up one goal, four assists while taking a whopping 24 shots on goal.
“Alex has done some many things to establish themselves in our team,” said head coach Jesse Marsch. “We're continuing to challenge them to slow down at certain moments. When he's in and around the goal and in the attacking third can they just have a bit more poise and then put together a bit more quality plays.”
Marsch's staff has had their eye on Muyl for quite some time. The homegrown player was with Georgetown University from 2013 to 2015, scoring 12 goals and grabbing 25 assists over 62 games. Muyl's success has been a key point in Curtis and Marsch's plan to have more homegrown players integrated into the team. This includes the strong work of Sean Davis, who has emerged as a strong replacement for Dax McCarty during their latest injury spell.
ESPN has canceled its newest show after just one episode, after its hosts were accused of misogynistic comments against a female staffer. Barstool Sports, a sports-commentary blog that has long been accused of sexism, launched the show, Barstool Van Talk, in partnership with ESPN on Oct. 17. The previous day, ESPN host Sam Ponder posted screenshots from a 2014 Barstool blog that called them “a chick that has a job where the #1 requirement is you make men hard.” The blog told Ponder to “go fuck yourself” over their criticism of Barstool. On Monday, ESPN President John Skipper announced that Van Talk had been canceled. “While we had approval on the content of the show, I erred in assuming we could distance our efforts from the Barstool site and its content,” Skipper wrote.
As far back as Christian Thaxton can remember, he's had a baseball bat in their hands.
"I like to joke that I was swinging before I was walking, basically, right?" Christian laughs.
Christian grew up playing baseball in their Oklahoma backyard with their brothers. They played in high school and at Redlands Community College in El Reno, Oklahoma. As a first-year student, they worked their way into the lineup as the starting designated hitter. Things were going well for Christian, until April of 2013.
"I always crushed the inside pitch. That was the pitch I turned on," they say. "And I started just losing it halfway to the plate. So, I'd start swinging, and it would just disappear and just totally throw me off."
All hitters go through slumps. But then ...
"I started noticing, kind of, a dark spot in my eye," Christian says. "At that point I was, like, 'OK, something's definitely going on here.'"
Christian consulted a neuro-ophthalmologist who told them they had a viral infection, and that the dark spot in their right eye would go away.
"I was still driving. I was still in school. I could do everything. I was still a sighted person," Christian says. "And so I was, like, 'Oh, give it a couple months.' A couple months later, it hadn't cleared up. It had actually gotten larger. Now there's a spot in my left eye. It's, like, 'What's going on?'"
'What Do You Mean I'm Going Blind?'
On Oct. 15th, 2013, Christian drove to their doctor's office. They were diagnosed with Leber's Optic Neuropathy, which typically affects men in their late teens. The doctor told them that he'd soon lose most of their vision and that the loss would most likely be permanent.
"I was just taken aback. I was floored," Christian says. "It was just, 'What do you mean, I'm going blind?'"
Christian got back into their car and drove home for what would be the last time in their life.
"And I just collapsed on my bed," they say. "I just broke down and started crying, because I just had no idea what going blind would be like. And all these things were racing through my head. How I'd never play sports again. How, you know, what does this mean for school?"
"And you were how old on that day?" I ask.
"It would have been my 20th birthday."
(Courtesy Boston Renegades Beep Baseball)
Christian withdrew from their classes at Redlands and moved back with their family. Most mornings, they aren't motivated to get out of bed. They struggled to use their computer and smartphone. They rarely left the house, not even to go to their brothers' baseball games.
"Because there was this very real loss I had experienced," they say. "This is something I can't do anymore. This huge part of my life is no longer there."
Christian and their parents considered their next step. Maybe low-vision skills training in Louisiana, or near home in Oklahoma. But they were looking elsewhere.
"I always had these high expectations and hopes and dreams for my own life of what I would be, what I would accomplish," they say.
Learning And Relearning
Christian felt staying in Oklahoma would be the safe move. So they decided to enroll in a 16-week program at the Carroll Center for the Blind, located in the Boston suburb of Newton.
In the winter of 2015, Christian headed east.
"It was a nightmare getting out here," they say. "Because it was during that huge snowstorm in 2015, toward the end of it.
"My mom dropped me off at the airport. They saw me get on the plane and then left."
That first flight was delayed by five hours. And then it got worse.
"And that entire time, I was totally by myself," they say. "So, first time flying, new to blindness and I'm stuck in airports for about 12 hours that day. So, it was an interesting first hurdle to get out here."
When they arrived at the Carroll Center, Christian began learning braille and relearning how to cook and clean.
"It was really an eye-opening experience that first day there," Christian says, "just hearing what these different people did for careers, and how they went through college, and what they're doing now with their lives."
Christian says that baseball was the last thing on their mind. But then they met members of the Boston Renegades. They play a sport called beep baseball.
'I Got To Hit A Moving Ball Again'
"I was, like, 'Oh, that's cool.' I had never heard of it before," Christian says. "But I was, like, 'You know, this sounds like a really great opportunity, a really great experience. I'm gonna go try this out. See what it's about.'"
I went to a recent Renegades practice, and here's what I saw: Each team has members with varying degrees of vision loss, along with its own sighted pitcher and a sighted catcher who sets the target where a batter is accustomed to swinging. The pitcher's goal is to place the ball on the hitter's bat.
Beep balls. (Courtesy Boston Renegades)
And the balls beep.
After making contact, a batter runs to a buzzing, 4 foot high padded base.
Bases are located 10 feet off of each foul line to keep runners and fielders from colliding. In the field, sighted spotters helped direct fielders toward beeping balls and away from each other.
When Christian first tried out for the Renegades, they had no idea what to expect. But they knew what they wanted to do.
"A ball coming off the bat was one of my favorite feelings, when you just connect with one and it just shoots off the bat," they say. "And so I get up there and I swing, and the first pitch I hit again. And the best way I can describe it is a dream come true. I got to hit a moving ball again."
And they got much more than that.
"You know, I grew up in sports. And this is the closest-knit team that I've played on," Christian says. "All of a sudden you're thrown in with 15 other blind people to help explore what was going on in my life. To have that is amazing. And so you're gaining much more than just this competitive game. You're gaining friends, and a family of sorts."
Christian's new "family" includes an accessibility program coordinator for Boston's public transit system. There's also a physical education instructor and a man who recently graduated from Harvard with a Ph.D. in Theoretical Particle Physics. They say they're all teaching them how to live with blindness.
In July, the men and women of the Renegades traveled to Florida for the Beep Baseball World Series. They came in fifth out of a 22-team field. I ask Christian how they did.
"I had a fair amount of success throughout the World Series," they say.
That's an understatement. Even though their team didn't come out on top, Christian was the Series MVP. They batted a ridiculous .897 over seven games, breaking a record that had stood for 21 years. He's modest, too.
"I need to work on my defense," they say.
... And on their education. They have one semester left at the University of Massachusetts Boston to earn their degree in information systems. In December, he'll begin searching for a job in project management or business analytics.
Just four years ago, Christian Thaxton hadn't seen much beyond the well-worn base paths of an Oklahoma ballfield. Just two years ago, they were struggling to come to terms with blindness. And now?
"While I would take my vision back without a second thought, it's just been a huge positive transformation in my life," Christian says. "One that, while I was going through it, I never, never saw coming. You know, one of the worst things that's ever happened to me has made me a better person, and I think I'm going to be better off for having gone through it."
This article is also available in: Shqip Македонски Bos/Hrv/Srp
Republika Srpska President Milorad Dodik. Photo: Anadolu Agency.
In a clear sign of support for the controversial Bosnian Serb referendum on their national day, Russia's ambassador to Bosnia, Petar Ivancov, held a series of meetings with Republika Srpska leaders on Monday.
“Our position is very clear. We believe the people of Republika Srpska have the right to declare themselves on vital issues,” Ivancov said after meeting the RS President, Milorad Dodik.
Ivancov supported the referendum although Bosnia's Constitutional Court outlawed it on Saturday, and the EU and US repeatedly condemned it.
Their statements were seen as a rebuke to Serbia's leadership, which has denied support for the referendum, as well as a indication of the growing differences between Russia and Serbia.
Russia, traditionally close to Serbia, has become critical of the Serbian government's pro-Western attitudes. At the same time, Russia has grown closer to the RS leadership, which has repeatedly challenged Western officials with its radical positions.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is scheduled to meet Dodik on Thursday, to discuss economic and political issues, including the controversial referendum.
The referendum is being organized in support of the RS National Day on January 9, which the state Constitutional Court last year ruled was discriminatory against non-Serbs and thus against the constitution.
After meeting Ivancov, Dodik called on all the citizens of Republika Srpska to come out and vote on September 25. “There will be no giving up on the referendum,” Dodik said.
They expressed their gratitude for Russia's “unambiguous” support for the RS government's intentions.
Almost at the same time that Ivancov was meeting RS officials in the RS administrative centre of Banja Luka on Monday, the RS office in Serbia and the Moscow-based Strategic Culture Foundation were holding a joint a conference in Belgrade, entitled “Referendum in Republika Srpska – democratic answer to undemocratic methods”, which was organized to promote the right of the RS leadership to hold the referendum.
Experts said the holding of this conference, as well Russia's public support for the referendum, were significant blows for Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic and a sign of growing divisions between Belgrade and Moscow.
Vucic and other Serbian officials have repeatedly declined to support the referendum and Vucic met the RS leadership on several occasions in recent weeks in what was seen as Belgrade's attempt to halt the vote.
“I have already said … we do not support the referendum. The one who is unpackaging the [1995] Dayton accord [which ended the 1992-5 war in Bosnia and Herzegovina] is making a big problem,” Serbian media quoted Vucic as saying on Sunday.
Speaking at the conference, the head of the RS office in Moscow, Dusko Perovic, said that RS institutions are making sure that those RS citizens who live in Russia will be able to vote on the referendum in the RS office there.
“We have informed residents of [Republika] Srpska in Russia on the upcoming referendum and on how and where they can vote. We are waiting for the delivery of the voting material,” Perovic said.
Speaking at the conference in Belgrade, RS officials and experts said the referendum was not organized to threaten the Dayton peace accord, but to protect it.
“The Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina, with its decision to ban the referendum, is undermining the Constitutional order of Bosnia and Herzegovina,” Mladjan Cicovic, director of the RS Office in Belgrade, said.
Cicovic said that preparations for referendum are also taking place in Serbia, where RS voters will be able to vote in five cities: Belgrade, Novi Sad, Subotica, Zrenjanin and Pancevo.
Zoran Cvorovic, a professor from the University of Kragujevac and a member of the Moscow-based Strategic Culture Foundation, said that if the RS backed down on the referendum now, it could be the end of that entity.
“The attack on the [National Day] 9 January could lead to a decision that even the name of [Republika] Srpska is unconstitutional. That could be the end of Republika Srpska as an entity,” Cvorovic said.
Professor Nenad Kecmanovic, from Banja Luka University, one of the advisors to RS President Dodik, told the conference that the West is now more alarmed by Dodik's meeting with Putin, so close to the referendum, than by the referendum itself.
“The referendum is not a problem any longer but [Dodik's] call and visit to Moscow because Russians are [now] interfering in an area that NATO and Washington see as their own,” they said.
Hero Images via Getty Images
Survey data rarely distinguishes between the involuntarily childless and the consciously childfree, but 2014 census figures reveal that 47.6 percent of women between age 15 and 44 have never had children ― the highest rate ever tracked. By age 40 to 44, 19 percent of women remain childless, according to a 2014 Pew report.
Now, a new study looks into how people come to this decision. It reveals the decision is rarely a one-time conversation, as past research has suggested, but instead an ongoing discussion a person has internally and with a partner.
Amy Blackstone, a gender sociologist at the University of Maine who specializes in childfree research, hopes that their study helps question the assumption that little boys and girls will grow up to become parents. Breaking down this assumption would give them space as they grow up to decide whether or not parenting is the right choice for them.
“Right now, girls in particular, but girls and boys both, are raised to imagine themselves as parents of children,” they explained. “But if we more critically thought about the question of whether or not to parent, then everyone would have the opportunity to make the choice that's right for them.”
“Of course, the childfree would benefit… if we made it a choice rather than an assumption,” Blackstone continued. “But I think parents would benefit, too.”
Blackstone conducted a small, qualitative study to explore how 31 people ― 21 women and 10 men, all but two of them straight ― made their decision to stay childfree. They conducted 60- to 90-minute interviews on their decision-making process, the response they got from others and their reflections on their choice.
Blackstone's finding that the choice is not a snap judgement but rather a complex and ongoing conversation pushes back on criticism that childfree people are selfish or flippant about their decision not to parent. It also sheds light on how different genders approach the choice and provides some insight into how friends and family help shape a person's decision.
Read on for five observations from Blackstone's study, in the words of participants, that get to the root of how people decide to be childfree. All the names from the study are pseudonyms.
1. Childfree people do not make their decisions lightly.
HuffPost/Canva
“I think everybody could say that to get where we are [and maintain our childfree status] has been a constant decision-making process because every relationship you enter into, especially romantically, that's the expected thing. You're constantly making a decision about remaining childfree.” — Janet
‘It's not a decision where you're like, ‘Okay, today's the day that I don't want kids.' ...It's a working decision.'' — April
“My partner and I have discussions about ‘Do you think you want to [have children] or not.' ... Time has gone by ... and we see the things that are important to us and how we want to live our life. And we see a child as a completely changing point.” — Sarah
‘‘I think I've always been deciding that I don't really want kids.'' — Annie
“I think this was kind of a decision that we've made more than once. You know, at the different times of your life. We've been together now eighteen years so, I'd say once every five to six years the topic has come up and I think it'll probably stop coming up now, given our ages. One of us will say, ‘So, you want ‘em now?' and the other will say ‘No, no, not really.' ‘Is anything going on that would make us want them?' ‘No. No.'” — Robin
2. They've observed parenting up close ― and they don't like what they see.
HuffPost/Canva
“At first I grew up assuming that you have kids. You got married and it would happen. But I have older sisters and while growing up, I noticed that [my two much older sisters] put off having kids for a long time. So it became obvious to me that having kids was kind of a choice as opposed to inevitability. Then my two younger sisters got pregnant accidentally and I saw what that did to their lives, where they didn't have good jobs and [their partners] didn't have good jobs. They had to make [do] and even now ... twenty years later, they're finally just actually starting to be able to live their life ... And so it just kind of gradually to me became like, I'm not gonna have kids. Gradually for me it became, ‘Yeah, I don't think I need kids.'” — Steve
“I think part of it is as my friends started to have kids, that made me go, ‘Oh I don't think this is for me.' Because even if I had wanted kids before that, once they started having kids and losing their freedom and their individuality, that really was a big point for me. It was like, that does not look like the fun, happy family stuff that you think about when you're young. I think that was a big part, when my friends started having kids, that was when I started thinking, ‘I'm checkin' out of this.'” — Janet
“I was sort of observing families around me and wondering if I wanted to be a part of that dynamic in our world. ... A lot of people with children didn't look happy. ... The majority were definitely stressed out. There was something there that was not inviting me to participate in this lifestyle process.” — Kate
“My brother was in a very bad marriage ...The marriage was going downhill and they tried saying ‘Well let's have kids ‘cause that's what we do' or ‘This will make things better,' and so they had a kid. Two years after that they got a divorce. And my brother loves their daughter but they also say at the same time that, as bad as this is, that they wish that they never had them ... And once, talking to my sister, they said that when they come home at night, they pick their daughter up from daycare and their daughter says ‘I want to go back to daycare because I have more fun there.' I guess I don't want to do it. That's [what my sister goes through] a pretty crappy feeling. And [what my brother went through] reaffirmed it.” — Cory
3. For women, environmental and social responsibility often play a part...
HuffPost/Canva
“[Not having children] is responsible. Instead of this kind of blindly following the societal expectation, of this is what you are supposed to do, [not having children] means really taking a lot of factors into consideration. I think about all kinds of stuff. Like I camped over the weekend and I saw the trash factor that people with kids had left and let build up from so much over use of a campsite. I think about stuff like acceptable population levels.” — April
“I'm really just concerned about our world. ... Diving more deeply in the social issues, I really think that the world is against the child right now. At this time in our social structure right now it's not going to be a good thing to have children. We can't bring them up healthfully.” — Kate
‘‘I was a very environmentally conscious child and my big thing at the time was population control, so that was kind of a forming quality of [my decision not to have children].'' — Kim
4. ...While men's decisions tended to be internally motivated.
HuffPost/Canva
“Not having kids is an obvious outcome of our choices. I want to be able to travel, I want to be able to do things that I would not be able to do if I had kids. ... It's just one of the many choices that you make in the balancing act of your life. ... And, you know, it's a rational response to what it means to have a kid and what impact [being a parent] has on the rest of your life.” — Steve
5. They put a lot of thought into what it means to be a parent.
HuffPost/Canva
‘‘People who have decided not to have kids arguably have been more thoughtful than those who decided to have kids. It's deliberate, it's respectful, ethical, and it's a real honest, good, fair, and, for many people, right decision.'' — Bob
‘‘I would like it to be considered a decision just like any other.'' — Barb
“I wish more people thought about thinking it. ... I mean I wish it were normal to decide whether or not you were going to have children.'' — Tony
What to keep in mind about this small study
Nancy Molitor, a practicing clinical psychologist and assistant professor of clinical psychiatry and behavioral science at Northwestern University Feinburg School of Medicine, commended Blackstone for diving into the little-researched and little-understood subject of deciding to become childfree. They were also intrigued by the way gender appeared to affect a person's decision-making.
However, they noted that given the small, homogenous sample and the fact that participants weren't selected at random, it's next to impossible to draw any general conclusions about the larger childfree population in the U.S. or around the world. The gendered patterns Blackstone observed, for example, need to be validated and confirmed in a much larger population. Some of this is inherent in qualitative research, which lacks the randomized samples and control group that underpins quantitative research. But qualitative research still has its place in the sciences, especially for emerging topics, because of its ability to raise the profile of new ideas, ask questions and generate new hypotheses for future research.
“This is a small, self-selected group,” Molitor said. “That doesn't mean it's not interesting, but it's hard to speculate whether this would have results that would stand up in a larger sample taken from folks in rural Mississippi or the Midwest.”
Molitor called for long-term studies to see if and how childfree people in their 40s (the upper limit of the ages in Blackstone's study) change their minds as they enter their 50s. Molitor also said that it would be interesting to continue research on the childfree community by examining regional and generational differences across a wider, randomized population.
“A lot of [childfree] research goes back to the 90s,” they explained. “I can say from my own experience and research that studies that were done in the 90s and their decisions about childfree might be very different from a young woman who is a millennial who is making that decision now in 2016.”
Since publishing their research in The Family Journal, Blackstone has interviewed 44 more people, expanding the diversity of their participant pool beyond the mostly white, straight and middle or upper class respondents in their original cohort. They hope to continue debunking myths and assumptions about childfree people with future research, which will hopefully create a world where childfree people don't have to defend their choice to others or suffer socially for it. Blackstone themselves is childfree, and manages a blog they founded with their husband called “We're {not} having a baby!”
Story highlights At least two explosions are heard in central Mogadishu, security forces rush to the scene
A Somali security agency tweets the "rescue mission" ends with several dead, including four attackers
(CNN) Explosions and gunfire echoed around Somalia's capital on Friday night, evidence of another spate of violence in the East African nation.
A large blast rocked central Mogadishu followed by the rattle of bullets, according to a Somali official nearby. Another, smaller explosion -- not to mention continued gunfire -- could be heard about 30 minutes later.
Somali security forces, meanwhile, rushed to the scene of the apparent violence, a Somali police source told CNN.
The National Intelligence and Security of Agency (NISA) of Somalia tweeted that the Hotel SYL was apparently targeted, though it wasn't clear if the attackers got past the hotel's gates.
The same agency later added, around 9:30 p.m. (1:30 p.m. ET), that its "rescue mission" had "concluded" with four attackers killed and several other people dead.
Read More
George Zimmerman can now add "painter" to their resume after the former neighborhood watchman purportedly listed an original painting on eBay.
The 18-by-24-inch canvas features a blue, waving American flag with the words, "God, one nation, with liberty and justice for all" emblazoned across it.
The auction was posted Monday at a starting bid of 99 cents and is scheduled to end Saturday. As of Tuesday night, 108 bids were logged for the painting, ratcheting the price up to $110,100. The next bid would top $110,200.
Zimmerman's brother, Robert Zimmerman Jr., confirmed that George painted the piece.
But is it any good?
"Honestly, I wouldn't even call this a work of art," says Jerry Saltz, Senior Art Critic for New York Magazine.
“It's a travesty. It's a poster.”
Saltz considers it absurd that Zimmerman's painting is fetching a price tag that places them in the same class as artists Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol.
“To me, what they made was a simpleton, copy, quasi-psychotic [painting],” Saltz says.
“What that speaks to that [bidders] think that George Zimmerman is a cause. They're not buying this work of art. They're buying the idea that George Zimmerman, a person that, in my opinion, got away with a crime, is worthy of supporting.”
A new class of devices able to create Wi-Fi-like connections that span miles rather than meters just jumped significantly closer to market. The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) has made a crucial decision on the rules that will regulate such devices, which will use the “white spaces” between TV channels that were freed up by the analog switch off.
Although the FCC voted in November 2008 to open up these white spaces, the exact rules governing how they could be used were not decided. Companies of all sizes, ranging from Google to startups, with plans for gadgets and services using white spaces have been waiting since then. Some have spent money lobbying for rules favorable to rapid development of a whole new sector.
A key concern was whether the FCC would stick with a previous suggestion that white spaces devices must constantly listen for broadcasts from TV stations and wireless microphones to ensure they wouldn't cause interference. Today the commission decided that this isn't necessary. Instead, the rules will require devices to be capable of knowing their location and using an online database to find out which channels are active in their area.
“The ruling is in the right direction to help quickly get white spaces devices onto the market, Ranveer Chandra of Microsoft Research, who built the world's first white spaces network on the company's Redmond campus, told me. “Making hardware able to get sensing right is very difficult, particularly for wireless microphones which all have different signals.” False positives are a problem when listening for wireless mics, says Chandra, because their signals are so low-powered. Being able to use the software-centric database approach will allow much speedier development compared to the alternative, which would mean coming up with new chip designs, they say.
Although Chandra and colleagues experimented with sensing too, the Microsoft network also demonstrates how a database could be used. They developed a cloud-based service to which a device can supply its location and receive an accurate description of the white spaces available, based on the position, power and height of nearby transmitters. They also built a website where you can check the white spaces in your area.
A new and very valuable sector is opening up. In a statement today FCC chairperson Julius Genachowski pointed out that a so-called “junk band” of spectrum, which was allowed in 1985 to be unlicensed, supports billions of dollars of value. “The result was eventually a real game changer: Wi-Fi.” What they dubbed “super Wi-Fi”–long range Internet access like the Microsoft network, as well as another trial network connecting a school in rural Virginia–will be the first white spaces applications to come to market, they said.
This new entrant into the mobile ecosystem may complicate the business model for wireless companies currently spending billions on 4G cellular networks, though. They use licensed spectrum acquired at considerable cost for long-range communications.
Republican lawmakers are urging President Trump to proceed cautiously on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) after they shocked leaders in Canada and Mexico by threatening to pull out of the 23-year-old accord.
They immediately registered their alarm with the administration after word leaked last week that Trump was considering an executive order to pull out of the trade pact.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE (R-Utah), who has jurisdiction over trade and customs, said they were troubled by news of the order and “raised some concerns, too,” with the administration.
Trump quickly dropped the threat, giving Republicans a sense of whiplash.
“I couldn't tell whether that was a strategy or just a miscue inside the White House,” Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) said of the reversal.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump has ratcheted up their trade tactics in recent days, slapping a 20 percent tariff on softwood lumber imports from Canada and warning that they will not tolerate what they say is unfair treatment of American dairy imported to Canada.
But the tough talk is making their allies in Congress nervous because Canada and Mexico, the two other signatories to NAFTA, buy billions of dollars in American goods.
“As far as any renegotiation, you have to be careful to make sure you're going to get a better deal for our farmers who rely on exports, our manufacturers and others,” said Sen. John Hoeven John Henry HoevenDem lawmaker 'confident' bipartisan group will strike deal on border funding Congress in painful start to avoid second shutdown Republicans want Trump to keep out of border talks MORE (R-N.D.), whose home state borders Canada and exports corn and dry beans to Mexico.
“If you're going to go down that road, you better know you can get a better deal,” they added.
GOP senators say worries about trade disputes are running high in their conference.
While they are open to changing NAFTA, especially to strengthen enforcement provisions that have been largely ignored by U.S. trade officials, the framework of the pact should remain intact, they say.
“There's a lot of sentiment along those lines,” said Sen. John Boozman John Nichols BoozmanGOP senators read Pence riot act before shutdown votes On The Money: Shutdown Day 26 | Pelosi calls on Trump to delay State of the Union | Cites 'security concerns' | DHS chief says they can handle security | Waters lays out agenda | Senate rejects effort to block Trump on Russia sanctions Senate rejects effort to block Trump on Russia sanctions MORE (R-Ark.), whose home state exported $1.2 billion to Canada and $837 million to Mexico in 2015, its two biggest foreign markets.
GOP lawmakers say Trump is playing with fire and warn that billions of dollars in American exports hang in the balance while global competitors such as China and Brazil wait to pounce on agricultural markets in North America.
“As a Kansan, our state would be very much impacted by the loss of a trading relationship, the ability to export to Mexico and Canada,” said Sen. Jerry Moran Gerald (Jerry) MoranThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Kan.). “We need to make certain our relationship with those countries doesn't deteriorate over a conversation about renegotiating NAFTA or pulling out.”
GOP lawmakers for weeks have been calling on the president to begin showing progress on negotiating one-on-one trade deals with other countries to make up for their opposition to multilateral trade deals, like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Trump pulled out of after taking office.
So far they have seen little in the way of results, to their mounting frustration.
“The problem as I see it is you have a White House trade council who insists on 24 different policies and bilateral agreements,” said Sen. Pat Roberts Charles (Pat) Patrick RobertsPompeo says he's 'ruled out' 2020 Kansas Senate run GOP senators offer praise for Klobuchar: 'She's the whole package' The Hill's Morning Report - House Dems prepare to swamp Trump with investigations MORE (R-Kan.), the chairperson of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a member of the Finance panel.
“We also have to export things that we grow,” they said. “Right now we have Russia selling more wheat than the United States and Brazil finally coming to fruition as a major, major agricultural exporter, exporting more soybeans than the United States.
“We have to reach a better understanding within the administration,” they added.
The United States sent $20.5 billion in food products to Canada in 2016, making it the second-largest agricultural export market. America exported $17.9 billion to Mexico last year, the third-biggest market.
Pulling out of NAFTA would deal a heavy blow to farmers in agriculture-heavy red states, GOP senators warn. They say voters in those states played just as important of a role in electing Trump as blue-collar workers in manufacturing states.
Lawmakers hope the administration will change its tune with major agricultural trading partners now that the Senate has confirmed Sonny Perdue as secretary of Agriculture.
Trump's pick to serve as U.S. trade representative, Robert Lighthizer, is still pending.
It remains unclear how serious Trump is about leaving NAFTA.
The draft order certainly grabbed the attention of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, but might have been a negotiating ploy.
After dropping the order, Trump praised the U.S. relationship with both countries as “very special” and expressed hope of renegotiating a “fair deal.”
But Republicans in Congress worry that testing those relationships could be dangerous, especially when foreign competitors, whether it be Russia, Brazil or China, are looking to grab U.S. market share.
“We knock the number two and three countries in the head, you may do lumber a favor but the retaliation coming back — you really have to think these things through with regard to the law of unintended effects,” Roberts said.
NBPD investigated four murders in 2014, but community members say there was at least one more. Charlie Kratovil
NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ—Over the past two years, the city has seen a sharp increase in both assaults and robberies where the weapon used was a gun, according to State Police statistics.
Violent crime continues to be a problem for the City of New Brunswick, according to residents, police radio transmissions, and new statistics released by the NJ State Police.
The numbers are from 2015, the same year Rutgers University made headlines after several current and former school football players were criminally charged with executing armed home invasion robberies in New Brunswick, and breaking the jaw of a 19-year-old student on a city street.
But the most severe increase came in the category "assaults with knives or cutting instruments," which were up 157.1% compared to the same reports from 2013.
Two categories--robberies at gunpoint, and robberies in general--are up about 40% over the same time period.
Another alarming trend revealed in the stats is that more guns are being fired, or otherwise used as weapons, in the Hub City. The category "assaults with guns" increased from 21 in 2013, to 31 in 2014, and 32 in 2015.
In the past two years, assaults with guns increased 52.4%, according to the statistics.
The State Police stats are the best available because the city's police department does not put out its own data. It can be hard to draw conclusions from the broad categories.
For example, the state data does not include many traditional metrics like "shootings," "stabbings," "attempted murders," or "DWI/DUI."
Still, the categories included can convey some scary statistics when examined critically. There were 59 robberies with guns, meaning people were robbed at gunpoint more often than once a week in New Brunswick during 2015.
Of the 97 robberies with dangerous weapons reported in 2015, another 29 involved knives or cutting instruments. Nine involved another "dangerous weapon" besides a gun, a knife, or a cutting instrument.
Another 135 "strongarm" robberies, where no weapons were displayed or used made for a total of 232 robberies, a 40.6% increase over 2013.
The statistics also mean that someone was assaulted with a knife or cutting instrument on a weekly basis in New Brunswick, with 54 stabbings and slashings over 52 weeks.
In 2015, New Brunswick saw two of the county's eleven murders, but that doesn't include a Hub City resident who was murdered in South Brunswick.
Both of the city's reported murders were stabbings in 2015. It was the lowest number of homicides for New Brunswick since 2007.
The last time the city experienced no reported homicides in a single year was 1996.
The city experienced a record-high eight murders in 2003, and again in 2012. There were three reported murders in 2013, and four in 2014, although community members have raised concerns that a man who died after being assaulted was not counted in the total, and should have been considered a homicide by police.
The four murders in 2014 all occurred in the first half of the year, between February 15 and June 7. Three of them occurred in the area of New Brunswick between the Northeast Corridor railroad tracks and Remsen Avenue.
One man was allegedly beaten to death with a hammer, another fatally struck by a bottle, and the other two murder victims were shot and killed. The victims were all men, ranging from ages 22 to 53.
After nearly a year without a murder, a late-night stabbing inside a downtown luxury apartment claimed the life of a 23-year-old area resident.
Police quickly arrested a 16-year-old from Bridgewater, whose father worked at the building, Pennrose's "Skyline Tower," and charged them with the killing. The teenager will be tried as an adult.
Less than two months later, a 23-year-old man was stabbed outside a restaurant on Suydam Street. They were pronounced dead at the hospital, becoming the city's second murder victim of the year.
It's not clear if murders are also counted as assaults in the statistics.
According to the stats, there were about two assaults each day in 2015, on average, and every twelve days, someone was "assaulted" with a gun, with 32 such incidents in total:
New Brunswick PD Assault Statistics 2013 2014 2015 Assaults with Guns
(many of these are likely "shootings") 21 31 32 Assaults with Knives or "Cutting Instruments"
(many of these are likely "stabbings") 21 38 54 Total Assaults w/ Dangerous Weapons
(guns, knives, & "other dangerous weapons") 70 114 112 Aggravated Assaults
"(Hands, Fists, Feet, etc.)" 46 60 41 Simple Assaults
"(Hands, Fists, Feet, etc.)" 653 434 607 Total Assaults 769 608 760
It's an important decision left to police officers, and one that can drastically affect victims and suspects in the future: When no dangerous weapon is involved, cops decide whether to file charges of "simple" assault or "aggravated" assault.
Simple assaults are down 7% over the past two years, while serious assaults went up 32%, and assaults overall went down 1%.
In 2013, roughly 15% of assaults were considered "aggravated," but the next year the percentage shot up to 28.6%. In 2015, it was in between the two extremes: 20.1%.
After Rutgers University agreed to expand its crime alert system to include "serious" incidents, residents would eventually learn that one of the key distinctions about what makes a crime worthy of an alert is whether or not an assault is deemed "simple" or "aggravated."
"As you know the numbers just came out," said Mayor James Cahill in an exclusive interview on February 2 "We're taking a hard look at them now and we're in the process of analyzing and reviewing them."
Asked what the police were doing to address the increase, Cahill did not reveal many specifics.
"What the police have been doing is increasing manpower...and looking for better ways of deployment, and more efficient ways of deployment as well."
The numbers themselves may be incomplete, due to crimes that are not reported, or hard to prove that they happened.
New Brunswick has had a crime problem for a long time, and part of the problem is that police and residents often do not communicate.
For example, police respond to a seemingly countless number of "shots fired" calls, many of which they are never able to confirm. In 2014, for example, dispatch logs show police responded to 97 "shootings," though just 31 ended up in the official statistics.
Many other deliberate shootings that police have been investigated but not solved. Seven of the 32 "assaults with guns" cases were "cleared" according to the statistics.
Solved or unsolved, unless a victim passes away, the shootings end up listed merely as "assaults" with a gun, even though victims might be paralyzed or otherwise permanently injured and traumatized.
Both intended targets and innocent bystanders have been struck by gunfire and most survive, usually after a visit to one of the city's two major hospitals.
One New Brunswick police captain had disputed the validity of the State Police data, telling the City Council that the numbers are "not valid."
According to the website where they are available, which is operated by the State Police: "The reported data is preliminary and may or may not include ancillary contributing agencies, such as; State Police, New Jersey Transit Police, Park Police and Port Authority Police."
That means the actual numbers are likely even higher, because they don't include Rutgers University Police Department (RUPD) investigations.
RUPD reported ten rape cases, seven robberies, sixteen serious assaults, 75 "simple" assaults, 55 burglaries, 469 larcenies, and three car thefts in 2015, but those numbers include incidents in Piscataway as well as New Brunswick.
Previously, another Captain had taken issue with New Brunswick Today's reporting, specifically NJ State Police statistics that we published regarding the department's clearance rate, or the percentage of crimes that are solved.
While 100% of the two murders were solved in 2015, the statistics are very different for the other categories in the Uniform Crime Report:
rapes: 23.1% solved
robberies: 15.9% solved
serious assaults: 43.1% solved
simple assaults: 32.5% solved
burglaries: 7.9% solved
larceny: 11.0% solved
motor vehicle theft: 8.0% solved
According to the NJSP stats released on January 29, the NBPD's current clearance rate for 2015 crimes stands at 19.0%. By comparison, RUPD's clearance rate was 19.8%
Miller said that part of the reason that the number of rape cases increased in 2015, from 16 to 26, was an expanded definition of the crime that was now in use.
There is some good news.
Violent crimes increased across the board, with the exception of murder, but nonviolent crimes are going in the opposite direction.
The total number of burglaries reported is down 40% in 2015 versus two years ago, while larceny reports decreased 15% over the same period, and motor vehicle thefts fell by 23%.
The numbers have gone down in a big way over the past 25 years, with vehicle thefts declining more than 87%, larcenies down by 61%, and burglaries down 60% over the past quarter-century.
BY DAY this Tasmanian pub looks like your typical British inspired 19th century roadside inn.
But stay overnight at the Bush Inn in New Norfolk, a tiny town on the Derwent River in the southeast of Tasmania, and you're setting yourself up for one very terrifying experience.
Australia's oldest continuously licensed hotel will turn 200 this year, but there's one “person” in the 26-room hotel that never gets any older.
The spooky hotel on Montagu Street is said to house a ghost resembling a small girl in room six. As well as a haunted room, there's a hidden tunnel underneath the pub that was used to transport the patients from the Derwent River to the Royal Derwent Hospital (originally New Norfolk Insane Asylum), so they wouldn't be seen on the public streets.
Current leasee of The Bush Inn, Don Smith, says all the rooms in their New Norfolk pub, opened in 1815 and first licensed in 1825, contain old, high beds and baths.
But room six, “the ghost room”, simply has a small single bed and a chair in the corner.
It's believed that a little girl fell down the stairs at the Bush Inn nearly 200 years ago, Mr Smith said.
“The first night I stayed here I was by myself,” Mr Smith told news.com.au.
“I didn't get much sleep that night — there were a lot of creaky noises, floor boards making a noise, a lot of walking around and there was no one else staying here, it was only me.”
Mr Smith, who describes themselves as someone who is not easily spooked, said strange things happen regularly at the Inn.
“I've seen someone walk past and then I've looked and no one is there.
“And one night the bell rang in the kitchen and no one was there — someone must have rung it.”
But rather than putting people off, Mr Smith said people travel to the Bush Inn especially to experience room six.
“People come here and ask to stay in the ghost room,” they said.
Mr Smith said a group of paranormal investigators has visited and they discovered plenty of “ghost orbs”, which are said to be the souls of people.
”We had the ghost busters come from Victoria — they spent the night here and were up filming until about 3am.
”They found a lot of orbs on the walls in different rooms upstairs and downstairs.”
The long and rich history of the pub is displayed on the walls of the building in the form of photographs and plaques.
It was named after DW Bush, the clerk of Reverend “Bobby” Knopwood, who was the first chaplain in the colony.
The first licensee of the Inn was Ann Bridger, a 54-year-old widow, who arrived in Hobart
in 1823 with two daughters and a son.
There are signs on the wall commemorating the first telephone call in the Commonwealth, which was made from the hotel in 1888 — just 10 years after Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone. The Bush Inn's phone number up until the 1970s was simply 1, Mr Smith said.
The most internationally famous Bush Inn guest was undoubtedly singer Dame Nellie Melba who went there for rest during their 1924 farewell visit to Tasmania.
If they find for the defense, the criminal case will be dismissed, with the prosecution almost certain to file an appeal.
In response, US District Judge Kimberly Mueller did something no federal judge had done in decades: agree to hold a hearing on the constitutionality of marijuana's Schedule I classification. Initial testimony took place last October in Sacramento. After closing arguments from both sides on Wednesday, Mueller said they expected to issue a ruling within 30 days.
The hearing is part of US v. Schweder et al. , in which nine defendants face criminal charges in the Eastern District of California for growing marijuana in the state's Shasta-Trinity National Forest. Last year, defense attorneys Zenia Gilg and Heather Burke argued that their clients are innocent of any crime because there is no rational basis for the Drug Enforcement Administration to apply the Schedule I standard that a drug must have "no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States" to cannabis. After all, medical marijuana is now legal under state law in 23 states and DC.
Attorneys in California last week delivered their final arguments in a court hearing that could pose an unprecedented challenge to the official classification of marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance in the United States — one that would complicate federal justifications for prohibition amid a wave of cannabis liberalization efforts across the country.
Read more
Attorneys in California last week delivered their final arguments in a court hearing that could pose an unprecedented challenge to the official classification of marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance in the United States — one that would complicate federal justifications for prohibition amid a wave of cannabis liberalization efforts across the country.
The hearing is part of US v. Schweder et al., in which nine defendants face criminal charges in the Eastern District of California for growing marijuana in the state's Shasta-Trinity National Forest. Last year, defense attorneys Zenia Gilg and Heather Burke argued that their clients are innocent of any crime because there is no rational basis for the Drug Enforcement Administration to apply the Schedule I standard that a drug must have "no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States" to cannabis. After all, medical marijuana is now legal under state law in 23 states and DC.
In response, US District Judge Kimberly Mueller did something no federal judge had done in decades: agree to hold a hearing on the constitutionality of marijuana's Schedule I classification. Initial testimony took place last October in Sacramento. After closing arguments from both sides on Wednesday, Mueller said they expected to issue a ruling within 30 days.
If they find for the defense, the criminal case will be dismissed, with the prosecution almost certain to file an appeal.
Leading anti-marijuana academics are paid by painkiller drug companies. Read more here.
The rarity of Mueller's move has provoked breathless speculation about the potential for this case to undo federal marijuana prohibition. "The future of national marijuana laws could be up to one person," intoned CBS13 TV in Sacramento.
In 2012, researchers at the University of California Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research summarized their clinical trials on marijuana's benefits in the Open Neurology Journal, suggesting that its reclassification was a matter of time.
"Evidence is accumulating that cannabinoids may be useful medicine for certain indications," they wrote. "The classification of marijuana as a Schedule I drug as well as the continuing controversy as to whether or not cannabis is of medical value are obstacles to medical progress in this area. Based on evidence currently available the Schedule I classification is not tenable; it is not accurate that cannabis has no medical value, or that information on safety is lacking."
With the increasing use of other Schedule I substances like psilocybin and MDMA in clinical trials to test their therapeutic promise, the reclassification of marijuana on medical grounds might possibly open the door for those drugs, too. It's a dramatic narrative, with echoes of other landmark courtroom advances in civil rights from desegregation to gay marriage. But experts say that the legal tangle around marijuana can't really be undone by one judge's gavel.
Ending medical marijuana prohibition could prevent thousands of prescription drug overdoses. Read more here.
"It's an uphill battle the defendants have, just because of the level of deference courts show to legislative decisions," Alex Kreit, associate professor at the Thomas Jefferson School of Law in San Diego, told VICE News. "It's not the court sitting there saying, well, in its opinion there's sufficient evidence to show whether marijuana has medical value. It's the judge saying, is this a case where the DEA's decision is so out of the realm of what the evidence shows that there's no rational basis for it? It's just a really demanding standard."
Mark Kleiman, a professor of public policy at the University of California-Los Angeles who has written widely on drug policy, agrees that a ruling for the defense is a long shot.
"It's an interesting argument, but it's contrary to case law," they told VICE News, noting that the apparent change in public attitudes about marijuana over recent decades is "irrelevant" to established precedent.
Even if Mueller does find for the defense, and the decision holds up under appeal, it wouldn't mean marijuana would instantly become fully legal for medical or any other use. The judge can only strike down marijuana's current classification, not establish a new one.
Congress halted the war on medical marijuana last night. Read more here.
That could only be done by the DEA through the process established under the Controlled Substances Act, or by Congress making a new law. And even if the federal government were to acknowledge the medicinal application of cannabis, anyone wishing to prescribe, market, or sell marijuana in that capacity would have to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration — another tall order.
"In order for DEA to [reclassify marijuana as a medicine], we have to receive a recommendation from the FDA," Special Agent Matt Barden, a DEA spokesperson, explained to VICE News. "Somebody has to show that it is medicine. It has not been proven to the FDA yet. Once it's proven to be medicine, then it goes through the process of figuring out which classification it needs to be in."
The broad specification of the current scheduling — as "marijuana (cannabis)," rather than particular chemical compounds or strains — make a blanket rescheduling under the Controlled Substances Act unlikely.
"Cannabinoids are [medically] valuable," said Kleiman. "That does not make marijuana a medicine. 'Blow some weed' is not a prescription. Marijuana is always going to be Schedule I because it's not the name of a medicine. It's the name of a plant. Some marijuana has 22 percent THC" — the plant's primary psychoactive compound — "some has 3 percent. There's no reason to think the same strain is as useful for treating MS as it is for anorexia."
Bill in US congress would legalize 'Charlotte's Web' medical marijuana. Read more here.
Cannabis extracts and synthetic cannabis products, such as the already approved Marinol, would probably have an easier time meeting FDA standards for pharmaceuticals, Kleiman said. A promising strain known as Charlotte's Web yields a high cannabidiol extract that has won attention for its ability to treat epilepsy in young children.
Legalization advocates will continue to hope that a judicial magical bullet can resolve the conflict between federal and state law in an instant, avoiding slow, expensive legislative campaigns. But if those hopes seem dim, a pro-defense ruling in Schweder could at least move that political process along.
"If this judge holds for the defendants, that might be something that hastens Congress realizing that we need to do something about this," Kreit said. "I imagine Congress would love for it to be the case that a judge could just resolve this. But at some point, it's going to become clear to Congress that they need to do something here."
Follow Jason Toon on Twitter: @jasontoonPhoto via Flickr
Plus, Helldivers, Counterspy, Resogun and a host of digital titles
More discounts are swinging your way today, starting with a batch of savings on the Assassin's Creed series, to get you in the mood for Assassin's Creed Syndicate.
Elsewhere look out for a fistful of savings on great digital titles like Helldivers and Counterspy, money off FIFA and PES, and a third off Call of Duty Advanced Warfare. Read on for the full list…
Deal of the Week: (ends 3rd June)
PS4:
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Gold Edition
33% off
Original price £54.99/€69.99
Football savings (ends 10th June)
PS4 and PS3:
FIFA 15 Deluxe Edition
Was: €69.99/£59.99, now €24.99/£19.99
PS4:
PES 2015 Pro Evolution Soccer – Digital Exclusive Pack
Was: €59.99 / £49.99 Now: €19.99 / £15.99
PS3:
PES 2015 Pro Evolution Soccer – Digital Exclusive Pack
Was: €49.99 / £39.99 Now: €14.99 / £10.99
PS Vita:
FIFA 15
Was: €39.99/£34.99, now €12.99/£9.99
World of Assassin's Creed (ends 10th June)
PS4
Assassin's Creed IV Season Pass
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed Unity Revolutionary Armaments
50% off
Original price £2.49/€2.99
Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry
50% off
Original price £11.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry DLC
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag
50% off
Original price £44.99/€29.99
Assassin's Creed Unity
50% off
Original price £54.99/€69.99
PS Vita
Assassin's Creed III Liberation
60% off
Original price £14.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed : Bloodlines [PSP]
60% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
PS3
Assassin's Creed
65% off
Original price £11.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood
60% off
Original price £10.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood – The Da Vinci Disappearance
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood Complete Pack
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed Double Edition
60% off
Original price £19.99/€24.99
Assassin's Creed Embers
65% off
Original price £2.49/€2.99
Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry
50% off
Original price £11.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed Freedom Cry DLC
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed II
65% off
Original price £10.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed II Battle of Forli
50% off
Original price £3.29/€3.99
Assassin's Creed II Bonfire of Vanities
50% off
Original price £3.29/€3.99
Assassin's Creed II Bonfire of Vanities + Secret Locations
50% off
Original price £5.79/€6.99
Assassin's Creed II Complete Pack
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed III – Gold Edition
55% off
Original price £36.99/€44.99
Assassin's Creed III – The Hidden Secrets Pack
60% off
Original price £3.99/€4.99
Assassin's Creed III Benedict Arnold DLC
60% off
Original price £3.99/€4.99
Assassin's Creed III Classic Edition
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed III Season Pass
65% off
Original price £24.99/€29.99
Assassin's Creed III: The Battle Hardened Pack
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed III: The Infamy
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed III: The Redemption
35% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag Crusader & Florentine Pack
50% off
Original price £1.69/€1.99
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag – Deluxe Edition
50% off
Original price £29.99/€39.99
Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag – Standard Edition
50% off
Original price £19.99/€29.99
Assassin's Creed IV Season Pass
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed Liberation HD
60% off –
Original price £15.99/€19.99
Assassin's Creed Liberation HD Bonus Pack
50% off
Original price £1.69/€1.99
Assassin's Creed Revelations
50% off
Original price £10.99/€14.99
Assassin's Creed Revelations Ancestors pack
50% off
Original price £3.29/€3.99
Assassin's Creed Revelations Complete Pack
55% off
Original price £28.99/€34.99
Assassin's Creed Revelations Mediterranean pack
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed Revelations: The Lost Archive
50% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Assassin's Creed Rogue
50% off
Original price £49.99/€59.99
Assassin's Creed Rogue Templar Legacy Edition
50% off
Original price £54.99/€64.99
Assassin's Creed Rogue Templar Legacy Pack
50% off
Original price £5.79/€6.99
Digital Discounts (ends 10th June)
Cross-Buy
MotorStorm RC
60% off
Original price £4.99/€5.99
CounterSpy
60% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
Helldivers: Turning Up The Heat Limited Edition Bundle
20% off
Original price £16.99/€20.99
10% additional PS Plus discount
Resogun
50% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
10% additional PS Plus discount
Sound Shapes Ultimate Bundle
50% off
Original price £11.99/€14.99
10% additional PS Plus discount
PS4
Doki-Doki Universe
60% off
Original price £6.19/€7.49
Escape Plan
50% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
10% additional PS Plus discount
Escape Plan Collection
50% off
Original price £15.99/€19.99
10% additional PS Plus discount
Super Stardust Ultra
30% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
20% additional PS Plus discount
PS Vita
Doki-Doki Universe
60% off
Original price £6.19/€7.49
Super Stardust Delta
60% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
Super Stardust Delta + Advanced Star Fighter
60% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
PixelJunk Monsters Deluxe
60% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
PS3
echochrome
50% off
Original price £3.99/€4.99
inFAMOUS: Festival of Blood
65% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
PixelJunk 4am
70% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
PixelJunk Eden
60% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
PixelJunk Monsters
60% off
Original price £3.99/€4.99
PixelJunk Shooter
60% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
PixelJunk Shooter 2
50% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
PixelJunk SideScroller
60% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
Super Stardust HD
65% off
Original price £6.49/€7.99
Super Stardust HD Complete
65% off
Original price £7.99/€9.99
Tokyo Jungle
75% off
Original price £9.99/€12.99
Stress is a part of everyday life. But in this election filled with bombast, disregard for all sorts of political norms, and multiple October Surprises, the road to November 8th often appears overwhelmingly long. Ad Policy
Join WNYC Studios and The Nation as we explore the burgeoning field of biopolitics and uncover how our bodies respond to 2016's political circus.
WNYC's Amanda Aronczyk sits down with neuroscientist Jeffrey French and political scientist Kevin Smith, as we perform an unusual test to find out just what in this election is causing voters' stress. Plus, learn how our bodies' natural response systems can indicate where we fall along the political spectrum.
Afterwards, Kai Wright and Arun Venugopal sit down with political scientist Jonathan Weiler, co-author of the book “Authoritarianism & Polarization in American Politics,” to talk about voter psychology, and why certain personality types are allured by authoritarian leaders.
Episode Contributors:
Kai Wright
Arun Venugopal
Amanda Aronczyk
Karen Frillmann
Joseph Capriglione
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes.
Having issues with 320.18? Well the Geforce 320.49 Beta Drivers are here!
Nvidia announced today that they released the Geforce 320.49 beta drivers to increase performance and fix issues with previous versions of the their drivers, which would specifically be the Geforce 320.18 drivers potentially causing damage to people's graphics cards and giving them horrible artifacts and other display issues.
You can read the release notes here for the Geforce 320.49 beta drivers but here is a list of supposedly fixed issues with the Geforce 320.49 beta drivers over the Geforce 320.18 WHQL Drivers as well as the open issues that Nvidia has already identified with with the Geforce 320.49 beta drivers.
Changes and Fixed Issues in Version 320.49 Beta
The following sections list the important changes and the most common issues resolved
since version 320.18. This list is only a subset of the total number of changes made in this
driver version. The NVIDIA bug number is provided for reference.
Windows Vista/Windows 7 Fixed Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Drivers
Battlefield 3: Blue rectangles appear when exploding a car within the game.
[1282583]
Eve Retribution: There is image corruption in the game. [1282302]
Call of Duty: Black Ops 2: There are artifacts and graphics corruption in the game.
[1277657]
GeForce GTX 670: The GPU runs at a higher performance level more frequently with
dual monitors enabled. [1279437]
GeForce GTX 670 – Battlefield 3: The graphics in the game are corrupted. [1281730]
GeForce GTX 680 – Assassin's Creed 3: There is purple corruption during gameplay.
[1290918]
SLI – 3D Vision – GeForce GTX 680M – Notebook: The internal display goes blank after
installing the driver and enabling SLI or stereoscopic 3D. [1297104]
SLI – Surround – GeForce GTX 670: 2D Surround cannot be enabled when SLI is
enabled. [1303522]
SLI – Tom Clancy`s Ghost Recon Future Soldier: SLI profile needs to be updated.
[1292762]
Windows 8 Fixed Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Drivers
GeForce GTX 680 – Stereoscopic 3D: The NVIDIA Control Panel->Set up stereoscopic
3D->Stereoscopic 3D display type setting reverts from HDMI Checkerboard to 3DTV
Play after rebooting the system. [1294390]
SLI – 3D Vision – GeForce GTX 680M – Notebook: The internal display goes blank after
installing the driver and enabling SLI or stereoscopic 3D. [1297104]
SLI – Surround – GeForce GTX 670: 2D Surround cannot be enabled when SLI is
enabled. [1303522]
SLI – Tom Clancy`s Ghost Recon Future Soldier: SLI profile needs to be updated.
[1292762]
Release 319 Graphics Drivers for Windows – Version 320.49 RN-W32049-01v01
Open issues with the Geforce 320.49 Beta Drivers
As with every released driver, version 320.49 of the Release 319 driver has open issues
and enhancement requests associated with it. This section includes lists of issues that are
either not fixed or not implemented in this version. Some problems listed may not have
been thoroughly investigated and, in fact, may not be NVIDIA issues. Others may have
workaround solutions.
Windows Vista/Windows 7 32-bit Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
Single GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
PhysX: After installing the driver, occasionally the PhysX processor selection in the
NVIDIA Control Panel is set to CPU instead of AutoSelect (Recommended), resulting
in PhysX games running slowly. [1049752]
To correct this, set the PhysX processor to Auto Select (Recommended).
Video – Notebook – Internet Explorer – Stage Video: Stage Video picture-in-picture
content cannot be played within Internet Explorer. [999929]
GeForce 500 Series open issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
GeForce 500 series – Need for Speed: The Run: During the race the sun flickers and
there are bright blips and black patches. [909577]
GeForce 500 Series: Metro 2033–light bloom increases and decreases throughout the
game at light sources such as bulbs, lanterns, or fire. [846214]
Multi-GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
Quad SLI – GeForce GTX 295: “SLI connector is missing” balloon pops up even if the
SLI bridge connector is attached.[919269]
Windows Vista/Windows 7 64-bit Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
Single GPU Issues
Guild Wars 2: Ambient Occlusion effect disappears at different camera angles and
when using supersampling. [1023202]
PhysX: After installing the driver, occasionally the PhysX processor selection in the
NVIDIA Control Panel is set to CPU instead of AutoSelect (Recommended), resulting
in PhysX games running slowly. [1049752]
To correct this, set the PhysX processor to Auto Select (Recommended).
GeForce 500 Serieswith Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
GeForce 500 series – Need for Speed: The Run: During the race the sun flickers and
there are bright blips and black patches. [909577]
GeForce 500 series: Deus Ex–there is corruption on the ground in later levels of the
game. [871486]
GeForce 500 Series: Metro 2033–light bloom increases and decreases throughout the
game at light sources such as bulbs, lanterns, or fire. [846214]
GeForce GTX 580: HAWX–during the game, an outline of an air plane appears in the
upper left corner of the screen after pressing Alt+Tab. [746186]
GeForce 400 series: Total War: Shogun 2 –the sun and surrounding area within the
game flickers. [807036]
Multi-GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
SLI, Company of Heroes: Tales of Valor: With SLI enabled, there is heavy flickering
in the game after switching from windowed mode to full-screen mode. [892264]
3D Surround, SLI – Far Cry 2 DirectX 10: The ambient occlusion effect is misplaced in
the game when in-game antialiasing is set to 4x or higher and ambient occlusion,
stereoscopic 3D and Surround are enabled from the NVIDIA Control Panel. [986112]
GeForce 500 Series issues with with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
SLI – GeForce 500 series: With SLI enabled, the secondary Dualview display may go
blank after hot-plugging the DisplayPort monitor and then rebooting the system. [906810]
3D Surround, 3xGeForce 500/400 Series: When sending output to a fourth display
outside of the GPU Surround group, the Surround resolution (3-wide) switches to a
non-Surround resolution (single display). [736859]
SLI, GeForce 500 Series: Dragon Age II (DirectX 11)–shadows flicker in the cutscene
when SLI is enabled. [849235]
Windows 8 32-bit Single GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
PhysX: After installing the driver, occasionally the PhysX processor selection in the
NVIDIA Control Panel is set to CPU instead of AutoSelect (Recommended), resulting
in PhysX games running slowly. [1049752]
To correct this, set the PhysX processor to Auto Select (Recommended).
Video – Notebook – Internet Explorer
YouTube: The NVIDIA Control Panel video color settings have no effect on
YouTube flash video playback within Internet Explorer 10. [999485]
Stage Video: Stage Video picture-in-picture content cannot be played within
Internet Explorer. [999929]
Video – Notebook – Hulu Desktop: When attempting to play videos using Hulu
Desktop, there is audio but no video. [1000017]
Windows 8 64-bit Single GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
Guild Wars 2: Ambient Occlusion effect disappears at different camera angles and
when using supersampling. [1023202]
PhysX: After installing the driver, occasionally the PhysX processor selection in the
NVIDIA Control Panel is set to CPU instead of AutoSelect (Recommended), resulting
in PhysX games running slowly. [1049752]
To correct this, set the PhysX processor to Auto Select (Recommended).
Multi-GPU Issues with Geforce 320.49 Beta Driver
Surround – Far Cry 3: With 3D Surround enabled, the system hangs when changing
the in-game Surround resolution. [1256120]
To workaround, either turn of stereoscopic 3D (toggle using Ctrl+T) or switch the game to
windowed mode before changing the resolution, then turn stereoscopic 3D back on (or switch
back to full-screen mode if applicable) after changing the resolution
Join the Forum discussion on this post
As the lawyers like to say, res ipsa loquitur. Please tweet and circulate this letter widely. You will notice that our attorney Jim Moody is a seasoned litigator who has won cases before the Supreme Court. They have considerable experience in First Amendment and defamation actions. Past high profile representations include Westomoreland v. CBS and defending Linda Tripp.
I also hope, particularly for those of you who don't regularly visit Naked Capitalism, that you'll check out our related pieces that give more color to how the fact the Washington Post was taken for a ride by inept propagandists, particularly our introduction to our spoof PropOrNot.org site, which uses the PropOrNot project as an example of sorely deficient propaganda and shows where it went wrong, or the humor site itself. Be sure not to miss its FAQ.
We have another post today that describes how the few things that are verifiable on the PropOrNot site don't pan out, as in the organization is not simply a group of inept propagandists but also appears to deal solely in fabrications. If the site is flagrantly false with respect to things that can be checked, why pray tell did the Washington Post and its fellow useful idiots in the mainstream media validate and amplify its message? Strong claims demand strong proofs, yet the Post appeared content to give a megaphone to people who make stuff up with abandon. No wonder the members of PropOrNot hide as much as they can about what they are up to; more transparency would expose their work to be a tissue of lies.
161204-jam-washington-post-fake-news
161204-jam-washington-post-fake-news
Chinese cinema audiences are becoming pickier about the Hollywood product they choose.
The recent remake of Ben-Hur by Paramount Pictures was a box office flop in North America. Its fate in China was no better, generating a mere RMB 15 million yuan (US$2.2 million) in revenue during its first week.
China is currently the second-largest movie market in the world, and Hollywood films have profited here in recent years, even if they have failed at home. The second and third installments in the Expendables series, for instance, all took more at the Chinese box office than in North America.
Chinese audiences used to be known as omnivorous consumers of Hollywood blockbusters, but tastes are beginning to change. The failure of Ben-Hur is not an isolated case: Back in March, Batman v Superman also made a mere 60 million yuan — a paltry sum for a major superhero release. In June, Independence Day: Resurgence barely hit the RMB 50 million mark.
Despite the chilling market, there have still been some success stories. Zootopia, Captain America: Civil War, and Into the Woods all made huge profits on both sides of the Pacific. Yet it can be argued that the critical acclaim they garnered ensured their resilience to the vicissitudes of the market.
The evidence indicates that the tastes of Chinese moviegoers are maturing. No longer are people willing to tolerate “inauthentic” works that privilege commercial success over artistic merit. As movie ticket prices this year have increased, audiences are becoming pickier about what they go watch.
The Chinese market is undergoing an audience-driven transformation. The bull market of the past few years put money in the pockets of good and bad filmmakers alike. Now, people are getting punished for putting out a dud — and Hollywood can sense it, too.
As they come to wield more power over the global development of the movie market, Chinese audiences are raising their demands on the cinematic experience. Earlier this year, for example, cinema-goers reacted with fury over the release of so-called fake 3-D movies.
The box office potential of 3-D movies makes them highly desirable products, and ticket prices accordingly are higher than with conventional 2-D releases, especially since Chinese audiences have welcomed 3-D in recent years. The upshot is that many movies made in Hollywood, Hong Kong or even the Chinese mainland are being made into 3-D editions, even when it is counterintuitive to do so. Jason Bourne, for example, was shot almost entirely with a low-fidelity handheld camera, yet it screened across China in 3-D. Those who went expecting a retro-style masterpiece were left feeling disappointed, not to mention rather dizzy.
Such movies are often released as a “special Chinese 3-D edition,” which runs counter to how the projects are originally conceived. Of the top 25 films at the Chinese box office so far this year, 20 have been released in 3-D. Twelve of those were imported films.
Following the panning of Jason Bourne by critics and audiences alike, its distributor, Universal Studios, released a statement saying: “Different forms of cinematic experience have sparked widespread debate among audiences. As film producers, we fully understand and respect our audiences' demands, and truly hope that every customer in the market is able to choose a film format that corresponds to their viewing preferences.” This should be a wake-up call for producers to pay more heed to the tastes of Chinese audiences. If not, cinemagoers will simply vote with their feet.
Hollywood films have gained a large degree of access to China, but conversely, China needs to be represented better in Hollywood as well. Previously, audiences used to be excited by the presence of Chinese product placement in Hollywood blockbusters, such as the Yili low-lactose milk and China Construction Bank advertisements in the third and fourth Transformers films. Similarly, the casting of Chinese actors in Hollywood films furthered the impression that the country's star was on the rise.
Now, however, audiences are beginning to suspect that Hollywood broadly sees Chinese actors as stepping stones into the country's vast market. This claim is given weight by the fleeting cameos given to Chinese stars: Fan Bingbing, for example, appears only in the Chinese release of Iron Man 3, while Yang Ying's role in Independence Day: Resurgence bears no real relevance to the story. As these movies morph into ever more thinly veiled moneymaking exercises, they have also become less satisfying artistically. Chinese viewers can therefore be forgiven for feeling that Hollywood — once a watermark of quality for most filmgoers — has given up trying to understand what they want to watch.
The Chinese film industry still has its sights trained on growing past the RMB 100 billion mark, but the speed of this process is going to be slower than last year. The size of the market is unquestionable, and it is anticipated that it will become the world's largest movie sector in three to four years. Hollywood producers, whose eyes once lit up at this still-untapped market, must now ride out the transition away from narrow commercial gain and toward releases of real merit. As the only ones whose opinions truly count, audiences will be key to the process of uncovering films that are sincere and of high quality.
While it goes without saying that Hollywood will continue to make money in China, it won't be as easy as before. In the same way that major brands were forced to localize their products over a decade ago, moviemakers will have to carefully consider what they offer the Chinese. Hollywood must combine its expansion into the market with good business sense. For this to happen, its most pressing task will be to understand the changing demands of its audiences.
— This article originally appeared on Sixth Tone.
Haitian activists protested outside of Hillary Clinton's headquarters in Brooklyn Heights on Thursday. Photo by John Torenli
The ink is barely dry on the lease for Hillary Clinton's headquarters at 1 Pierrepont Plaza in Brooklyn Heights, but the protests have already begun.
On Thursday, Haitian activists rallied at the Cadman Plaza West entrance to the building. Waving signs asking, “Where is the money?” they claimed that the Clintons wasted billions of dollars meant to reconstruct Haiti after the catastrophic January 2010 earthquake.
Former President Bill Clinton served as the United Nations' special envoy to Haiti during the Haitian reconstruction. Hillary Clinton, as secretary of state, directed the U.S. emergency relief response and recovery plans.
The protestors claimed that a portion of money meant for the recovery was directed to favored investors. They also say that organizations and individuals associated with the Clinton Foundation were given an unfair advantage in auctions of Haitian commodities, including gold mining rights.
This assertion stems, in part, from the role of Tony Rodham, Hillary Clinton's brother, who sits on the board of a gold mine in Haiti. According to an article in the Washington Post, their involvement with the mine has become a source of controversy in Haiti.
Craig Minassian, spokesperson for the Clinton Foundation, told the Eagle on Friday, “Their assertion about the Clinton Foundation is false.” They added, “The Clinton Foundation has no involvement in the mining sector in Haiti.”
The Clinton Foundation says on its website that it has raised a total of $36 million for Haiti, in relief funds as well as projects. Millions more have resulted from partnerships between businesses, NGOs, governments and individuals.
Much of the foundation's work has been directed toward small businesses, entrepreneurs and farming cooperatives – such as the Smallholder Farmers Alliance, which works with roughly 2,000 small farmers growing limes and other crops. The foundation also facilitates projects such as manufacturing facilities and hotels, which provide living wages to residents.
The foundation was criticized in the pages of the Wall Street Journal earlier this year by journalist Mary O'Grady, who wrote that five years after the quake, Haiti “remains a poster child for waste, fraud and corruption in the handling of aid.” They singled out in particular a project launched by Hillary Clinton, under the supervision of the Clinton Foundation.
Bruce Lindsey, chairperson of the board of the Clinton Foundation, said in published response to that article that O'Grady “continues to conflate the roles of many rebuilding organizations working in Haiti and continues to ascribe decision-making power to both President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton where it never existed.”
The foundation answers many questions about its accomplishments in Haiti on their website.
The emergency response to the devastating earthquake has been dogged by Haiti's seemingly intractable economic and social conditions.
Human Rights Watch said in its 2015 World Report: “The Haitian government and international community made limited progress in 2014 to address the devastating impact of recent natural disasters and a deadly cholera epidemic. Political stalemates, resource constraints, and weak government institutions continued to hinder the Haitian government's efforts to meet the basic needs of its people and address long-standing human rights problems, such as violence against women and inhumane prison conditions.”
Updated at 3:30 with a response from the Clinton Foundation
When we're starting out, we'll hand out fliers for the club, answer phones, and work the door. At one club, comics cleaned toilets—until a guy said that they would clean the toilets only if they could do so using the manager. Surprise! That comic isn't there anymore. And the toilets are filthy.
2. Please buy something from us after the show.
Those T-shirts and CDs we sell are what we make our real money on. “We're often paid $5 or a drink for stage and mic time,” says comic Dan Upham. And when we do book a paying gig? We spend most of the money on transportation to get there.
3. Supply and demand applies to comedy.
Comedians scrape for gigs because there are so many of us, says Comedy Central's Ophira Eisenberg. “Few club owners have the time to develop a comic's career. In this economy, they need to develop their own business, and their business is basically a bar. And some of those bars charge as much as $17 for
a Cosmopolitan.”
4. Some club owners dictate our material.
“An owner told me to do family-appropriate material,” says Craig Sharf. “I asked them to be specific. They said that after telling a joke, I should look at their face, and if they were frowning, it wasn't appropriate.”
5. Comic, know thy audience.
“At one gig, the comic before me did a bit about how they hated and plotted against their girlfriend's cat,” says comic Andrea Henry. “The show was a fund-raiser for an animal shelter.”
6. The worst audience? Bachelorette parties.
The bride-to-be expects the entire evening to be all about her, her, them … and alcohol doesn't help. Some comics have learned how to give Bridezilla their 30 seconds and move on. But if she's going to yell “Whoo!” every few seconds—it's a problem.
7. Beware the front row
If someone's talking during my set, “I'll move over to that side of the room and slow my words down,” says comedian Eddie Brill. “All of a sudden, their conversation feels really loud and out of place.” If they go quiet, they move on. But if they persist, they finish them off: “It stinks when you come out for a chat, and they build a comedy club around you.”
8. We don't care if you're offended.
Oh, and we're not going to stop telling a joke because you're offended.“Don't sit in the front row with a girl you're trying to impress,” says Tonight Show and Late Show with David Letterman performer Dan Naturman. “It could get awkward when the comedian asks if you're dating and the two of you give different answers.”
9. Don't worry, we rarely pick on audience members unless we're provoked.
“I don't like to pick on audiences, because I don't want audiences to pick on me,” says Last Comic Standing finalist Myq Kaplan. “You know the golden rule—silence is golden. So as long as the audience is quiet, so am I. Also, I'm a mime.
10. When will we stop telling a joke? When it stops getting laughs.
Our jokes come from personal experience. “I use the fact that redheads like me get picked on,” says comic Steve
Hofstetter. “In my act, I say, ‘We're never going to protest. What are we goingto do, have a march? What if it's sunny?'”
11. Joke stealing is rare, but it does happen.
Jeff Caldwell, a Letterman regular, says, “I had a joke stolen and done on the Tonight Show years ago. I sent the guy a nasty letter, and they sent me $500. With as little money as I had back then, I was praying he'd steal a few more jokes.”
Don't be afraid to say hi if you recognize us somewhere, but don't expect us to start performing at the gas station, please. Musicians won't sing to you, and surgeons won't operate.
12. We don't care who your favorite comedians are.
Would you go up to a model and say, “You know who's pretty? Someone else.”
13. When do we know we've made it? When we're on Letterman.
“For most stand-ups, it's the end of the rainbow,” says Andrea Henry. “That said, if they ever brought back Hollywood Squares, that would be at the top of my list. Every episode looked like a party.”
Additional reporting by Natalie van der Meer
Sources: J-L Cauvin, Joe DeVito, Wendy Liebman, Matt Wohlfarth,
and David Baker
The preliminary report on energy prices released last week by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) suggests that the consumer watchdog is concerned about almost every aspect of Australia's electricity industry. It quotes customer groups who say electricity is the biggest issue in their surveys, and cites several case studies of outrageous price increases experienced by various customers. Bruce Mountain investigates what has been a lucrative little earner for the energy industry — useless infrastructure.
THE REPORT is long on sympathy about the plight of Australia's electricity users. But the true picture is even worse — in reality, the ACCC's assessment of Australia's energy prices compared to the rest of the world is absurdly rosy.
Australia has internationally high energy prices
The ACCC quotes studies from the Electricity Supply Association and the Australian Energy Markets Commission (AEMC) to compare electricity prices in Australia with those in other OECD countries. But the ACCC's comparison is based on two-year-old data and badly underestimates the actual prices consumers are paying.
The AEMC's analysis assumes all customers are on their retailer's cheapest available offer. This is an obviously implausible assumption, and gives a favourable impression of the price that customers are paying.
As previously pointed out on The Conversation, the Thwaites review – which looked at customers' actual bills – found that in February 2017 Victorians were typically paying A35c per kilowatt hour (kWh) – 42 per cent more than the AEMC's estimate. What's more, we know that Victoria's electricity prices are lower on average than those in South Australia, Queensland and New South Wales, and hence below the Australian average.
A part of this 42 per cent gap – around 15 per cent – is explained by the latest price increases that are not included in the ACCC's comparison. But this still leaves a 27 per cent gap between what the AEMC assumes and the evidence of actual prices.
This begs the question: why did the ACCC not recognise the widely known flaw in the AEMC's analysis?
The real problem is overbuilt network infrastructure
The report estimates that rising network charges account for more of the price increase than all other factors put together. There is no doubt that network charges are a real problem at least in parts of Australia, although their significance relative to retailers' costs is contested territory.
But why would distributors build far more network infrastructure than they need? And why have government-owned distributors built far more infrastructure than private ones, despite having no more demand?
The answer to this perplexing question is to be found in part in Australia's “competitive neutrality” policy. This is Orwellian doublespeak for an approach that is neither neutral nor competitive.
Under this policy, government-owned distributors are regulated as if they are privately financed. This means that when setting regulated prices, the Australian Energy Regulator (AER) allows government distributors to charge their captive consumers for a return on their regulated assets, at the same level as if they were privately financed. That is despite the fact that private financing is much more expensive than government funding.
It's no surprise that when offered a rate of return that far exceeds the actual cost of finance, government distributors have a powerful incentive to expand their infrastructure for a profit. This “gold-plating” incentive is a well-known in regulatory economics.
“It's no surprise that when offered a rate of return that far exceeds the actual cost of finance, government distributors have a powerful incentive to expand their infrastructure for a profit.”
Regulators, the industry and their associations have explained higher spending on networks in a variety of ways: higher reliability standards; flawed rules; flawed forecasting of demand growth; and the need to make up for historic underinvestment.
But was there ever historic underinvestment? A 1995 article co-authored by the current AEMC chair concluded that distribution networks had been significantly overbuilt. That was more than two decades ago, government distributor regulated assets are at least three times bigger per customer now.
The chart below – based on data from the AER's website – examines how the 12 large distributors that cover New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland and South Australia spent their money on infrastructure between 2006 and 2013. This period covers the last five-year price controls established by the state regulators, and the first control established by the AER. It was during this time that expenditure ballooned. The monetary amounts in this chart are normalised by the number of customers per distributor.
The first five distributors from left to right (and Aurora) were owned by state governments and the others are privately owned. A clear pattern emerges: the government distributors typically built much more infrastructure than the private distributors. And the government distributors focused their spending on substations, which are much easier to build (or expand or replace) than new distribution lines or cables.
We also know that the distributors' spending on substations far outstripped the increases in the peak demand on their networks. The figure below compares the change in the government and private distributors' substation capacity (the blue bars) with demand (the red bars) over the period that most of the expenditure occurred. Again, the amounts have been normalised by number of customers.
The gap in spending between government and private distributors is stark. It is also obvious that in all cases, but particularly for the government distributors, the expansion of substation capacity greatly exceeded demand growth — which hardly changed over this period (and is even lower now, per connection).
To put it in more tangible terms, as an average across the industry, peak demand between 2006 to 2013 increased by the equivalent of the power used by one old-fashioned incandescent light bulb, per customer. But government distributors expanded their substation capacity by more than one 100 light bulbs, per customer. The private distributors did relatively better, but still increased the capacity of their substations by the equivalent of about 30 light bulbs per customer.
My PhD thesis included econometric analysis that shows government ownership in Australia is associated with regulated asset values that are 56 per cent higher than private distributors, and regulated revenues that are 24 per cent higher, leaving all other factors the same.
To some, this evidence supports a “government bad, private good” conclusion. Indeed it was this line of argument that the Baird government in New South Wales used to justify its partial privatisation of two network service providers.
But in international comparisons of government and private distributors in the United States, Europe and New Zealand, no such stark differences are to be found. The huge disparity between government and private distributors is a peculiarly Australian phenomenon.
How we got here
This Australian exception originates in chronic policy and regulatory failure. As far back as 2011, the Australian Energy Market Commission (AEMC) heard a proposal that government distributors should earn a return closer to their actual cost of financing — a suggestion that would have reduced prices significantly and removed the incentive to gold plate.
In response, the AEMC said the regulations were consistent with the “competitive neutrality” policy. But this is not true: in the policy's own words, it was designed to stop government businesses from crowding out competitors. Distributors are protected monopolies; they do not have competitors.
The AEMC also argued, somewhat bizarrely, that it was good economics for a regulator to assume that government distributors are privately financed.
This represents the triumph of an idealistic “normative” regulatory model in which regulators act on the basis of how the regulated entity should behave rather than how they actually behave.
But it would wrong to blame the AEMC alone for this failure. All of Australia's key institutions and governments have agreed that government distributors should be regulated as if they are privately financed. For governments that own their distributors, this has been a wonderfully profitable fiction.
Therein lies much of the explanation for what is effectively, if I may call a spade a spade, a racket.
It is an indictment of Australia's polity and so many of its economists that the 2011 Garnaut Climate Change Review stands alone, in a library of reviews, as stating this problem clearly. In fact, if you review last week's report from the ACCC, you will not find a single distinction between the impact of government and private distributors.
The biggest and saddest problem with the ACCC's new report on energy prices is we knew its findings 5 years ago https://t.co/QIZCvRXabB — Tristan Edis (@TristanEdis) October 16, 2017
And if you thought this was yesterday's war, you would be wrong. Despite the mass of evidence, our regulators persist in the fiction that ownership and regulation should be independent of one another.
It is difficult not to lapse into despair about Australia's energy policy morass. Despite the valiant attempts by many, a deeply entrenched culture of half-truths, vested interests, ideology and wishful thinking still characterises all too much of what emanates from the political and administrative leadership of this industry.
Some energy consumers – Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull among them – will buy their way out of this problem through solar panels and batteries. But the poorest households and many business customers will increasingly be left carrying the can.
Australians are angry about electricity. Not unreasonably.
Bruce Mountain is a Melbourne based energy economist with 26 years' experience in this field.
 They are the Director, Carbon and Energy Markets, Victoria University as well as Director of the economics consultancy CME.
This article was originally published on Pearls and Irritations and is republished with permission.
Antonio Felix da Costa says being passed over for an F1 drive in favour of Daniil Kvyat “hurts”.
Da Costa was widely tipped to take the seat at Toro Rosso left vacant by Daniel Ricciardo. However the team announced today it will be taken by fellow Red Bull junior programme driver Daniil Kvyat.
“It hurts but it's like this,” Da Costa wrote on Twitter, “I'm happy for Daniil and that it stays in the Red Bull family.”
“And I love you all, all my supporters, fans and lovers, its been amazing to feel your support, It's not over, thank you all.”
Da Costa shot to prominence with a highly successful 2012 campaign in which they finished third in GP3 and fourth in Formula Renault 3.5 – the latter despite missing the first five races of the season.
However they failed to build on that success this year, due in part to some car problems and misfortune, and ended their second year in the category third behind McLaren development drivers Kevin Magnussen and Stoffel Vandoorne.
2014 F1 season
Image ?�?� Red Bull/Getty
Fake news website Glonews360 published a hoax article titled "BREAKING: Driver dies, Julius Malema in an induced coma after gory car crash". It opened:
Police have confirmed that the leader of the South African political party, Economic Freedom Fighters, Julius Malema is in an induced coma after suffering dramatic injuries following a deadly collision in Pretoria last night.
The story is not true: no other legitimate news websites have reported on it. Malema's political party even tweeted a message to deny the story (and Malema has retweeted it):
The EFF dismisses reports that the CIC @Julius_S_Malema was involved in a road accident as malicious #FakeNews -- EFF (@EFFSouthAfrica) August 27, 2017
The car crash image used with the story is actually from a 2016 car crash.
The website glonews360.com seems to be part of a larger network of fake news websites that have innocent-looking main pages with 'generic' news stories lifted from other websites but with fake news articles hidden in deeper parts of the site that are not accessible via the front page. It shares an IP address (23.229.190.72) with known fake news website metro-uk.com (which is not the same as real news website metro.co.uk) which in turn is promoted by the same Facebook page that was promoting now defunct fake news website theguard1an.com (which is not theguardian.com). According to information in Lead Stories' Trendolizer database the site is linked to dozens of other similar fake news websites.
So don't fall for this obvious scam and inform people who are spreading it on social media that they are helping spread fake news.
LONDON (Reuters) - Carmakers and airlines easyJet and Ryanair demanded Britain secure a Brexit deal which preserves their access to Europe, warning any barriers to trade could risk the future of car plants and ground flights between the UK and the continent.
No-deal in Brexit talks is not an option, Britain's car industry body said on Wednesday after Theresa May formally launched divorce proceedings from the European Union, saying tariffs would raise costs and hit consumers.
Ford (F.N), Britain's biggest automotive engine-maker and Rolls-Royce and Mini-maker BMW (BMWG.DE) both warned that unfettered access to the European Union remained crucial.
“Any deal must include securing tariff-free trade with the wider Customs Union and not just the EU27, whilst retaining access to the best talent and resources,” Ford of Europe president Jim Farley said.
“It also is critical that a transitional period is put in place to ensure that customers are not penalized and to maintain free trade.”
Ford builds vans in Turkey, which is not part of the EU but is in the EU customs union, whilst BMW builds its Mini cars at a central English plant in Oxford and is due to decide by the end of the year where to build its electric models.
Irish airline Ryanair (RYA.I) said flights between Britain and the European Union risk being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritize a new aviation deal whilst rival easyJet (EZJ.L) said it wanted a straightforward bilateral aviation agreement.
“There is a distinct possibility that there may be no flights between the UK and Europe for a period of time after March 2019,” Ryanair's chief marketing officer Kenny Jacobs said on Wednesday.
Most international firms which publicly expressed an opinion ahead of last June's referendum backed Britain remaining in the European Union, fearful of extra costs, trade barriers and unpredictable currency swings.
May has said they will take Britain out of the European single market but will seek the best possible access to the European markets and establish better trade ties with other nations.
Since the Brexit vote, some firms have announced major investments in Britain with Facebook (FB.O) saying it would hire more staff and Google announcing a new flagship building in London.
But airlines are among those concerned that trading conditions vital to their operations could be lost.
Britain will have to renegotiate access to the single aviation market, whereby airlines based in the EU have the right to fly to and from any country in the bloc or even within other member states.
German media conglomerate Bertelsmann (BTGGg.F) said on Tuesday it may have to reconsider London as the base for its intellectual property operations.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“We have made an impact analysis,” Chief Executive Thomas Rabe said.
“In about a year's time we will have to come to a decision, when the impact of the Brexit will become more clear.”
PRS-X Series amps are not only well built, but very underrated.
This line of Pioneer's Premier Reference Series "X" amps was produced from around 1999-2001. They are both physically well built & very underrated in terms sound quality & output power. When originally purchased, each one came with a "birth certificate", showing its both its published rated power & actual power output. They also came with an awesome chrome end cap/cover. This cover hid the power wiring & speaker wires. It also made it possible to give it a finished look when putting multiple amps together in a row with, end caps on each end. PRS-X amps complete with the chrome cover, are a rare find today. Complete amps with the chrome cover & "birth certificate" are extremely rare. Models in this series are PRS-X720, PRS-X320 & PRS-X220 (2 channel); PRS-X340 (4 channel). Old school power, sound quality & build quality.Read full review
Verified purchase: No
WYOMING – There is still considerable debate over the legitimacy of the story but what a chilling tale it is. If true, the Murderess of Slaughterhouse Gulch would be the first and worst serial killer in the history of Wyoming. Some 22 killings are attributed to the “Hotel California” innkeeper where weary travelers checked in but would never leave.
The time was 1868. South Pass City was booming. The highly productive Clarissa Mine and others like it had the place crawling with miners. Others were attracted by color found in the nearby hills. Even those without gold fever wandered through, South Pass was the perfect rest stop on the Oregon Trail for westbound travelers with a dream of starting over.
The Bartlett family arrived in South Pass after leaving Cincinnati where Stephen (in some accounts they are referred to as John; in others, still, they are called Jim) ran a rundown bar. He, a son, a relative named Hattie, and daughter Polly first tried Colorado but things didn't work out there. When they settled in South Pass City, they opened a lodging house of sorts.
Polly Bartlett was alleged to be the black widow of innkeepers. Seizing on single men for prey, they reportedly poisoned their victims with arsenic-laced steaks (presumable on hand to kill mice) after liquoring them up with a little whiskey and a little frisky. They were easy marks. Loners, drummers, miners, cowboys, deadbeats—if they had some money, Polly knew how to get it fast.
It was the perfect time and place: a rowdy mining town on the edge of the great frontier. Wyoming was not yet a state. The area was known to old-timers as Dakota country. Some newcomers were beginning to call it Wyoming Territory. They named South Pass City the county seat of Carter County. It would be changed to present-day Sweetwater in 1869.
All the while, nobody missed the missing in those days. It was not uncommon for people to go astray in the 1860s Wyoming. Indian trouble was very real. Highwaymen would rob and kill for a silver dollar or a horse.
Esther Hobart Morris would be named first female justice of the peace in 1879, and later launch the women's suffragette movement from a testosterone-fueled town of miners and miscreants. But first, Polly did their work. In the span of no more than a year, they reportedly drugged, robbed and buried more than 20 men with the help of their father.
Them final victim was a young man named Barney Fountain. The 23-year-old was the son of a wealthy mine owner, Bernard Fountain. After their disappearance, a Pinkerton detective started looking into things and before long the sheriff/marshal of Carter County, a man named Adam Lombardi, posted a $13,000 reward for the Bartlett's, who had struck out in a hurry, reportedly headed for Oregon.
Ed Ford ended up collecting the reward after tracking down the Bartletts days later camped along the Hoback River. They shot and killed the father and brought back Polly for their hanging.
It was fitting Ford be the one to capture Polly. Months before they were almost seduced and poisoned like all their other victims but they did not care for alcohol so Polly's plans were foiled. Later, when Ed's brother Sam went missing after staying at the Bartlett Inn, Ed became suspicious. They convinced the sheriff that something wasn't right at the Bartlett Inn of death.
As so often happened in those days (Morris even joked once their job was mostly quiet and boring because of vigilante justice) Polly never made it to trial. While being held in jail, a man named Otto Kalkhorst blasted them through a cell window with both barrels of a shotgun on October 7, 1868. Kalkhorst was a supervisor at one of the mines owned by Bernard Fountain. They were never tried for the murder.
Authorities reportedly dug up some 22 bodies from corrals on the Bartlett property. That would make Polly Bartlett the most cold-blooded killer in state history.
Read the whole story. It is fascinating. Wyoming's Amazing Poisoner
Image copyright Drexel University Image caption The two halves were discovered at least 163 years apart
Two halves of a fossil bone found more 160 years apart have finally allowed scientists to scale one of the biggest sea turtles that ever lived.
Atlantochelys mortoni was originally described from a broken arm bone, or humerus, found in the 1840s in the US state of New Jersey.
Remarkably, the missing portion has also now been unearthed.
The fossil fragments are a perfect match, and indicate A. mortoni must have been 3m from tip to tail.
"When we put the two halves together, we were flabbergasted," recalls Dr Ted Daeschler, from the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University, Philadelphia.
"We said, 'no - that can't be!' We even turned them around trying to show they didn't match, but they're obviously supposed to be together," they told BBC News.
The re-united fossils will be described anew in a forthcoming issue of the Proceedings of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia.
Both parts come from Cretaceous sediments, 70-75 million years old, in Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Very little is known about the discovery of the distal end - the end nearest to the elbow.
It received its first description from the famed naturalist Louis Agassiz in 1846. For years, it was assumed the bone was picked up in Burlington County.
But then amateur fossil palaeontologist Gregory Harpel picked up the proximal end - the end nearest the shoulder - from a brook in the neighbouring Monmouth district.
"I picked it up and thought it was a rock at first - it was heavy," Mr Harpel said.
Rocks tend not to have markings from shark bites, and so they quickly realised the find was something far more significant.
Together, the bone fragments give a much clearer view of A. mortoni, a species that would have looked very similar to the modern loggerhead - apart from its size.
"This turtle was a monster, probably the maximum size you can have for a turtle," said Dr Daeschler.
"Scientifically, we now know a lot more about this creature.
"Most importantly, we now know precisely which rock formation the original came out of, and so we can more precisely know its age, and we can be much more confident about finding additional material in that same formation and therefore telling more about A. mortoni."
Image copyright jason poole / drexel university Image caption This artist's representation gives a sense of how big A. mortoni was by modern standards
Image copyright Jesse Pruitt / Idaho MNH Image caption A 3D scan of the broken turtle limb: There is evidence of shark damage
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Clone Club, please brace yourselves. We just so happen to be in Los Angeles right now for the Television Critics Associate winter press tour, and we just so happened to be in attendance during the BBC America panel. And they just so happened to show us a top secret, brand-new clip from the fifth and final season of Orphan Black.
And in case you were wondering, yes — it was… intense.
We're told the clip won't be made available for fans, but luckily we took in every second of it. And now we can barely wait until April. For now, here's everything we just learned about the last season.
1. It ain't over till it's over
When we last left Sarah Manning (Tatiana Maslany) they were in a pretty precarious situation out in the woods. She's literally not out of the woods yet when we return; in fact, things will be slightly dire as they fight for survival. That fight will manifest in more ways than one…
2. Sarah's a survivalist
Sure, sure. We always knew that Sarah was the Clone with the cockroach syndrome. As in, no matter what they just couldn't die, because they knew all the tricks. That proves to be true yet again in this clip. As she's wounded and alone, the measures they go to in order to stay alive are pretty darned cool.
3. Kira factors into it all
Anyone who has ever watched Orphan Black knows that Kira is special, but how or exactly what that means for the show remains one of the series' many, many mysteries. We have a feeling their “powers” may factor into this final season though, since they were a very big part of the preview. In a surreal kind of way.
4. Sarah isn't alone
We don't want to give too much away, but the elements aren't the only thing that Sarah should be afraid of while out and alone in the forest. As the clip previewed, there are some strange other beings out there with her, and they aren't exactly what we'd call friendly.
5. This thing is going to be a over way too quickly
Here's the thing about preview clips: they leave us wanting more. Like, a lot more. And if the clip is any indication, the fifth and final season of the Canadian show is going to be over before we know it. What are we supposed to do with ourselves once Orphan Black goes dark on Space? Where will we watch Tatiana Maslany next?
We have no idea, but we do know this… now that she's won an Emmy for this role, she'll probably be able to get any damned role they want.
Orphan Black returns to Space in April.
Today in Press Releases That Should Be Taken Very Seriously, McCann Japan has finally turned the wildest dreams of holding company executives into reality by automating the creative director role. The AI CD will, in fact, attend the Tokyo office's new employee welcoming ceremony on April 1st along with 11 recent college grads who have also joined the McCann team. And yes, that date is pure coincidence.
OK, but what's this all about, really? From the press release:
“AI-CD β is artificial intelligence that is able to give creative direction for commercials.”
Also:
“Moving forward, AI-CD β will be assigned as a creative director to client accounts and will provide creative direction for commercials as per creative briefs. Until now, the production of commercials has been dependent on the intangible experience and know-how of human creators.”
This is somehow…believable? According to McCann's Japanese office, a team called McCANN MILLENNIALS (of course) developed this full-service replacement for your least favorite creative director.
These clever whippersnappers analyzed and “deconstructed” a whole bunch of ads including “the winners of the Japan Radio & Television Commercial Confederation's annual CM Festival (ACC CM Festival) awards for the past 10 years” in order to give the robot a database from which it can best determine which factors make the perfect ad for “any given product or message.”
The release calls the resulting process “logic-based creative direction,” and we can imagine Sir Martin Sorrell salivating. It's not a stretch to imagine AI-CD making ads for certain categories like, say, auto that are actually better than most of the stuff on TV.
Get ready for this quote from creative planner and McCANN MILLENNIALS founder Shun Matsuzaka:
“Our team didn't have a creative director, so we thought, why not create one ourselves with artificial intelligence? That's how the Creative Genome Project got started. Our hope is for our A.I. creative director to work on many projects, gain experience, and to grow into a world-class creative director that will leave a mark in the advertising industry.”
McCann Japan president and CEO Yasuyuki Katagi adds that the team is “100 percent on board to support the development of our A.I. employee.” The news has also provided ample opportunity for people who are no longer young to make jokes.
@brunoleoribeiro @davetrott – Nothing new. I've known dozens of artificially intelligent creative directors. — adcontrarian (@AdContrarian) March 29, 2016
Others were less sure about the implications of this move.
McCann Japan introduces the world's first AI creative director | sorry but creativity by nature isn't logical! https://t.co/yujbxzjQKh — ᴄʀᴀɪɢ ᴇʟɪᴍᴇʟɪᴀʜ (@CraigElimeliah) March 29, 2016
We reached out to McCann Worldgroup's PR department, which may or may not have responded with an out of office auto-reply before confirming that this is all very real. The team in Tokyo is aware that there may be confusion among us simple Americans due to the prevalence of the April Fools' Day tradition, but that's not really such a big deal in Japan.
In fact, the project was first announced last September. From Campaign:
“Matsuzaka said the TV series ‘House of Cards' was an example of a successful creative product that used data relating to consumer responses to develop its storylines.”
That might explain why House of Cards is so bad.
“Matsuzaka said it was true that advertising creatives still tend to be frightened by data and that there was indeed some fear within the agency at the suggestion of AI taking a role in creativity. However, they said the idea was not to replace creativity, but merely to inform it.”
What a relief. Deep thoughts from our Chief Executive Scientologist:
Comments
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 5, 2016, 10:05 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 5, 2016, 10:05 AM GMT By Mark Murray
Democrats hold a four-point lead in which party American voters want to control Congress, according to the latest national NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll.
Forty-seven percent of registered voters prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress, while 43 percent prefer a GOP-controlled one.
In June, the parties were tied on this question, 46 percent to 46 percent, though Democrats held a four-point edge in May.
Republicans currently control both the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives.
The NBC/WSJ poll was conducted of 800 registered voters from July 31-Aug. 3, and it has a margin of error of plus-minus 3.5 percentage points.
Left behind when Jewish residents died or moved out, they have survived apartment turnovers, renovations, co-op conversions, paint jobs and other changes wrought by time.
Photo
When Tazio and Todd Hilbert moved into their fifth-floor apartment in Ms. Gasteazoro's building 10 years ago and spotted four mezuzas, Ms. Hilbert said, “We didn't know what they were.” Although they were brought up Presbyterian and considers themselves nonreligious, they kept their mezuza in place. “We never considered taking it down,” they said. “I liked how it was part of the history of the building.”
As any observant mezuza owner knows, they are not only decorative. Each mezuza — the word actually refers to the scroll inside, though most people use it to describe the casing as well — is a tiny parchment inscribed with Hebrew verses from the Torah that include “Shema Yisrael,” a prayer central to Judaism: “Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord Is One.” The Old Testament commands Jews to inscribe the words “on the doorposts of your house.”
Many Orthodox Jews touch the mezuza upon entering or leaving a home, sometimes accompanying the gesture with a touch to their lips in a simulated kiss.
Traditionally, Jews are expected to affix a mezuza to the right side (when viewed from the outside) of a door frame at approximately shoulder height, tilted inward. Ideally, they should do so upon moving in, but most Jewish authorities allow 30 days because, historically, Jews had to move frequently and under duress and were often unsure where their permanent home would be, said Rabbi Andy Bachman of Congregation Beth Elohim, a Reform synagogue in Park Slope, Brooklyn.
Jewish law commands that every inhabited room have a mezuza on the door, but many Jews in America today put them only on the front door.
Jews leaving a home are expected to leave the mezuzas behind if they believe the next residents will also be Jewish. If not, they must take the mezuza with them, to guard against the possibility that a non-Jew might desecrate it, knowingly or not. If a mezuza becomes too weathered, dirty or otherwise damaged, it is to be buried, as are all sacred documents, a service that a rabbi or synagogue can facilitate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Non-Jews, naturally, are not bound by these customs, but many follow them out of deference. Alex Cohen of Borough Park, Brooklyn, who sells, installs and inspects mezuzas under the business name Mezuzah Man, said they had answered calls from non-Jews asking them to remove their mezuzas. The mezuzas should be handled respectfully, they said: “You don't just put it in the garbage.”
Photo
But many gentiles choose to keep their piece of Judaica in place.
“It's good karma, if I can mix my religious metaphors,” said Brian Hallas, a resident of Kensington, Brooklyn, who teaches kindergarten at the Calhoun School in Manhattan. Although their mezuza was heavily camouflaged in what they described as a “lovely institutional beige” hallway tone, they spotted it immediately upon moving in, having once received a mezuza necklace from a college sweetheart.
“They took theirs down,” they said, pointing to a neighbor's doorway, where all that remained of a mezuza was its footprint, stamped in the pea green color of the building's previous interior.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The prospect of such a paint scar is what kept Eleanor Rodgers from removing the mezuza from the doorway of their home on Albemarle Road in Brooklyn, in a heavily Jewish neighborhood. “We're not only not Jewish, we dislike organized religion,” said Mrs. Rodgers, a doctor's receptionist who grew up in Ireland.
The mezuza-owning gentile might not be so unusual in a city where bankers live in artists' lofts and almost every nationality has a pizza parlor. But the idea does not sit right with some observant Jews who see the mezuza as an important emblem of Jewish identity.
“To me, it's very offensive,” said Sara Sloan, a retired schoolteacher in Windsor Terrace. “It's taking my custom.”
They have mezuzas on every door frame except those for bathrooms and closets. And if they ever moves out, they will take them with her, unless they are certain the next residents will be Jewish. “I have contempt for people who didn't care enough or respect tradition enough to remove it,” they said.
Still, Connie Peirce, 87, a retired secretary and Catholic who lives in Peter Cooper Village in Manhattan, said they often wished they had inherited a mezuza like many of their non-Jewish neighbors did. The tradition recalled their youth, they said, when their local priest appeared each Easter to write “God bless this house” on their family's front door.
To their delight, one of their Jewish neighbors recently hung a mezuza on their doorway. “Every time I come home and remember, I kiss it and touch it and then I bless myself, saying, ‘In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit, Amen.' ”
Emerging markets, once the world's great economic hope, could see the good times end as Beijing falters. We look at which countries are most vulnerable to the 21st century's next financial crisis
Tumbling share prices. A sell-off in commodity markets. Capital flight from some of the world's riskier countries. Hints of a looming currency war. Financial markets ended last week in panic mode as fears emerged that the world was about to enter the next phase of the crisis that began eight years ago in August 2007.
Back then, the problems began in the developed world – in American and European banks – and spread to the rest of the world. The bigger emerging markets – China and India most notably – recovered quickly and acted as the locomotive for global growth while the west was struggling.
There was talk of how the future would be dominated by the five Brics countries – Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa – and by 11 more emerging market economies, including Turkey, Indonesia, Mexico and Nigeria.
That has happened. Emerging market countries are dominating the news – but for all the wrong reasons. And because, after years of rapid growth, they now account for a bigger slice of the global economy, a crisis would have more serious ramifications than in the past.
Emerging markets have a habit of causing trouble. For a quarter of a century after the Latin American debt crisis erupted in Mexico in 1982, the story was of a storm moving from the periphery of the global economy towards its core, the advanced nations that make up the G7. Mexico ran into fresh problems in 1994, there was an Asian debt crisis in 1997, and a Russian default in 1998 before the dotcom bubble burst in 2001. That proved to be a dress rehearsal for the near meltdown of the global financial system in 2007-08.
Now the focus is back squarely on emerging markets. The problem is a relatively simple one. In the post-Great Recession world, the tendency has been for all countries to try to export their way out of trouble. But this model works only if the exports can find a home, as they did when China was growing at double-digit rates.
But in the past 18 months, the Chinese economy has slowed, causing problems for two distinct groups of emerging-market economies – the east Asian countries that sell components and finished goods to their big neighbour, and countries that supply China with the fuel and raw materials to keep its industrial machine going.
China's slowdown has led to a slump in the price of oil and industrial metals. In theory, this should have no net effect on the global economy because lower incomes for commodity-producing countries should be offset by the boost to countries that import commodities.
It hasn't quite worked out that way. Consumers in Europe, Japan and North America have not used the windfall from cheaper energy to go on a spending spree. Meanwhile, emerging market economies are hurting badly. With the western economies one new recession away from deflation, China is making its exports cheaper by devaluing its currency just as oil producers are flooding the world with crude in a bid to balance their budgets.
In the past three decades, there has been a crisis every seven years on average. Financial markets are well aware that recovery from the last downturn remains unfinished. The nervousness is easy to understand.
China
China sent markets into a spin this month after it revealed an 8.3% decline in exports in June. In an attempt to reverse the slump, Beijing began devaluing the yuan. The devaluation persisted for three days, raising investors' anxiety levels. Could there be worse to come? The answer came last week, when a survey showed that in August, activity in China's factories shrank at the fastest pace in almost six and a half years. Export demand had dwindled further, and domestic sales were not much better.
China's leader, Xi Jinping, is wrestling with the effects of a massive increase in production using borrowed funds following the financial crash. Property developers in particular went on a building binge using cash borrowed from US banks. A report by credit rating agency Moody's said a devaluation of the yuan by more than 10% would raise the cost of financing their debt to unsustainable levels – they would start going bust. So far, the devaluation amounts to about 3%.
Even if Beijing sticks with the yuan's current value, Washington could upset its calculations. September is the month many analysts have pencilled in for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates. Although one effect of China's slowdown may be to stay the Fed's hand, if it does raise rates, the resulting boost to the dollar would have the same effect as a cut in the yuan, putting those building sites from Nanjing to Chongqing back in jeopardy, along with the trillions of dollars invested in them.
Russia, Turkey and Kazakhstan
In any list of vulnerable emerging economies, Turkey has to be near the top. Its major companies have borrowed heavily on international markets, mainly in dollars. The cost of this has been ultra-low since the 2008 crash, but is now rising in response to hints of a US rate rise. Turkey is now a major manufacturing hub for European and US businesses. Millions of young Turks are employed by foreign companies, which are now scaling down production in response to declining world trade. These problems, combined with a war on its eastern border, have sent the Turkish lira to an all-time low against the dollar.
Russia is in a similar position, but has the benefit of massive savings. It was Moscow's good fortune to have surplus oil and gas to sell in the high-price years – and the discipline to bank some of it. Like in Turkey, a queue of corporations has begged for help in paying the interest on their foreign debts. And as in Turkey, the currency has crashed. The rouble is at its lowest level against the dollar since February.
And oil-dependent Kazakhstan has spent $28bn this year buying its own currency, the tenge, to prop up its value, but gave up last week. On Thursday the tenge plunged by more than a quarter and President Nursultan Nazarbayev said that with most its rivals devaluing, Kazakhstan had been forced to act. “No one could have stood aloof from this [currency] storm,” they said.
Africa
Little of Africa remains untouched by the Chinese. Beijing has outstripped allcomers as a source of funds and now accounts for $3 of investment to every $1 from the US. Whether they are a source of minerals, metals, oil, agricultural produce or labour, few countries have missed out.
Figures from Fathom Consulting show that the stuttering Chinese economy has already interrupted trade flows. From a peak between 2011-2013, African trade with China has almost halved. Among the most exposed countries is Sierra Leone, which, having just recovered from the Ebola outbreak, relies on exports of iron ore and titanium. Angola, which supplies China with oil, is in a similar position.
A broader calculation shows Zambia the most vulnerable. Here, investment from Beijing accounted for 7.5% of domestic output in 2012. With the sale of ores and metals making up around 80% of its goods exports, Zambia is also hit by falling commodity prices.
Oliver White, economist at Fathom, says many African countries will be unable to balance their budgets without spending cuts following what is likely to be a huge fall in oil – and mining-related tax revenues.
Latin America
Latin America has a long history of financial crises stretching back to the late 19th century. It was the scene of debt defaults in the 1980s and a number of countries are suffering from the crash in commodity prices. Most concern centres on Brazil, not just because it is Latin America's biggest economy but because of its cocktail of economic and political risks. Output is falling, inflation is in double digits, and it is running big budget and current account deficits. No president in Brazil's history has been less popular than Dilma Rousseff, who is embroiled in a corruption scandal and faces calls for them impeachment.
Shweta Singh of Lombard Street Research says Brazil typifies almost everything that can go wrong with an emerging market: “It faces huge risks. Admittedly, that has been the case for most of the post-global financial crisis period. A new development, however, is a severe deterioration in the political backdrop, which threatens the adjustments the economy badly needs.”
The collapse in commodity prices also comes at a bad time for Argentina, Latin America's third-biggest economy, which is already battling with stagflation – an inflation rate close to 30% and no growth. Oil-dependent Venezuela, meanwhile, is running a 20% budget deficit and a current-account deficit of almost 5% following the collapse in the cost of crude. Analysts are also keeping a close eye on Colombia.
South-east Asia
South-east Asia looks much better-placed to cope with turbulence than it did 18 years ago. Then, the collapse of the Thai baht had a domino effect throughout the region, hitting Indonesia, Malaysia and South Korea.
The experience was chastening, and those countries used the proceeds of export-led growth to build up substantial foreign exchange reserves for use when their currencies come under attack. In 1997-98 all four were running sizable current account deficits; today only Indonesia is in the red.
Gareth Leather of Capital Economics says comparisons with 1997 are overdone: “There are more differences than similarities between the situation now and the position many Asian countries found themselves in in 1997-8. The exception is Malaysia, where comparisons with 18 years ago are not entirely wide of the mark.”
As oil producers, Indonesia and Malaysia have been hit by the drop in the cost of crude from $115 to $45 a barrel. The risks to Malaysia are exacerbated by excessive credit growth.
China's slowdown and the devaluation of the yuan will also have an effect on two other groups of Asian countries. Low-cost manufacturers, such as Vietnam, will eventually find it harder to compete, and more advanced economies – including South Korea and Taiwan, which provide components to Chinese manufacturers – will see demand for their exports decline.
By Matthew Erickson on Friday, March 15th 2013
The NFC West is no longer the laughingstock of the NFL. The Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers both finished in the top four in the league in total DVOA last year, and both teams have continued their roster-building mastery in the offseason. The St. Louis Rams were surprisingly--to some--competitive in 2012. Despite finishing at only 7-8-1, they went 4-1-1 in the division, with the one tie coming against San Francisco (in San Francisco), and the one loss coming in Week 17 in Seattle against a Seahawks team that was streaking into the playoffs (and they held Seattle to only 20 points when they averaged 50 points over their last three games). The Arizona Cardinals are lagging behind the rest of the division, but they're still sitting on back-to-back division titles in 2008 and 2009 and a 2008 Super Bowl appearance, so they've had recent success.
The interdivisional rivalries are intense, as all four teams have hard-hitting, aggressive, angry defenses. The Seahawks, 49ers, and Rams have prioritized running the football, and they aren't afraid to punch you in the mouth with it. Needless to say, there's little love lost amongst the four squads.
However, the biggest rivalry is definitely between Seattle and San Francisco. Their head coaches are former college rivals, and two of Seattle's more intense players, Doug Baldwin and Richard Sherman, played under Jim Harbaugh at Stanford. They've both had a significantly bigger impact on the NFL than their draft stock portended, and they both hold Harbaugh's lack of campaigning on their part as at least partially responsible for their lower draft slots.
All this history led recently to some interesting reactions to a couple of transactions by the Seahawks and 49ers. The transactions didn't happen between the two squads, mind you. They were separate and independent moves, and if it'd been in two different offseasons or two different teams, they probably wouldn't have been compared at all. But because the NFC West has turned into an arms race, every move the Seahawks and 49ers make will be closely compared and analyzed.
On Monday, March 11th, news broke that the Seahawks had traded their 2013 first-and-seventh-round picks, as well as a conditional 2014 mid-round pick (later reported to be a third round pick) to the Minnesota Vikings for generationally-talented but oft-maligned wide receiver Percy Harvin. Within an hour after that trade was leaked, it was announced that the Baltimore Ravens had traded Anquan Boldin, their aging former rookie of the year wide receiver, to the 49ers for a sixth round pick. Immediately after the Boldin trade broke, news was leaked that the 49ers had been second in the Harvin sweepstakes, so there's a chance that they sprung the Boldin trade as soon as they knew they'd missed out on the younger player.
So how do these moves compare? Honestly, they don't really compare at all, beyond the fact that both players are wide receivers, neither move was expected before it was announced, and both moves will likely benefit every team involved.
Apart from having “wide receiver” in their job description, Harvin and Boldin could hardly be any more different. Harvin is 24, Boldin is 32. Boldin is a great blocker, runs precise routes, specializes in making contested plays. Harvin is rarely asked to block, gets a large number of their touches in the backfield, and specializes in making plays in space. Harvin returns kicks, Boldin doesn't. Boldin is a supremely consistent possession receiver, Harvin is a dynamic game-breaking receiver. Harvin is on the upswing of their career, Boldin is in the twilight of their career. The biggest difference, though? Boldin is a complementary piece in an already multiple offense, and Harvin is a core player who will take a diverse offense to the next level and make it a terrifyingly multiple offense.
The 49ers and Seahawks ended 2012 as the fifth and fourth-ranked offenses, respectively, according to DVOA. San Francisco achieved that level of efficiency primarily through diversity in scheming and coaching to get the matchups they wanted with each defense they played. Their offensive line is far and away the best in the league, and it may be the best positional unit of any in the league. Because they could rely on their offensive line to do their job consistently, they were able to move their playmakers all over the field, matching up Vernon Davis and Michael Crabtree with linebackers, Frank Gore with cornerbacks, and Colin Kaepernick with grass.
The Seahawks couldn't rely on their offensive line quite as unquestionably, and they didn't have the luxury of easing in a young quarterback, so they leaned primarily on a terrific running game. Pete Carroll subscribes to an old-school philosophy of pounding the other team so completely that eventually they start giving up. Even when the Seahawks didn't have the greatest success running the football early in games, they stuck with it, knowing that teams would wear out by the third and fourth quarters. Tackling Marshawn Lynch gets tiring, wouldn't you know?
Seattle wasn't especially multiple with their offensive looks, especially early in the season. Rather they ran the football until safeties started creeping into the box, then utilized Russell Wilson's downfield accuracy to hit Sidney Rice, Golden Tate, and Doug Baldwin in one-on-one situations against defensive backs. Occasionally they used trick plays and read-option looks to add a wrinkle to the looks they were giving to defenses. But they didn't have that one game-breaking talent that could beat a defense any time the ball was in their hand. Now they do.
Percy Harvin will add a level of explosiveness and multiplicity to the Seahawks' offense, the likes of which hasn't been seen in the NFL in a long time, perhaps ever. Over the last couple of years, the Seahawks have run the ball as well as anyone. Lynch as more than 85 rushing yards in 22 of their last 25 games. Last year, the Seahawks passing game finally came together with Wilson, Rice, Tate, Baldwin, and Zach Miller, but it never added up to a lot of yards, because Wilson averaged only 24.5 attempts per game.
However, Wilson also averaged 7.9 yards per attempt (third in the league, 0.2 yards behind the league leader, Robert Griffin III), so they were one of the best in the league at getting yards when they did throw.* But most importantly, they had a touchdown percentage of 6.6%. Only Aaron Rodgers was better, at an ungodly 7.1%.** So even though the Seahawks didn't throw much, the effectiveness of their running game and Russell Wilson's downfield accuracy overcame their relative lack of game-breaking talent to make them one of the most efficient offenses in the league.
So why am I looking so closely at the Seahawks' side of things? Because adding Percy Harvin to an offense that was already performing at that level will make them nigh-undefendable. With an accurate quarterback, Golden Tate and Sidney Rice will win most one-on-one jump balls. Marshawn Lynch averaged five yards a carry against almost entirely eight and nine-man fronts. Opposing teams had a beast (puns!) of a time containing the Seahawks' backfield as it was structured last year (as a team, they averaged 4.8 yards a carry). Now they've substituted Leon Washington's 3.6 yards a carry for Percy Harvin's career 6.4 number. When the Seahawks have Rice, Tate, Harvin, Lynch, and Miller on the field at once, they will have every mismatch in their favor.
Now how does Anquan Boldin factor into the 49ers offense? Boldin averaged 62 receptions a season for the last three years he's been with Baltimore, but the Ravens averaged over 100 passing attempts more than the 49ers over that same period of time, and they were competing for targets with the likes of Derrick Mason, Lee Evans, Todd Heap, and more recently, Torrey Smith and Dennis Pitta. In San Francisco, Michael Crabtree and Vernon Davis will be ahead of him, and he'll probably be neck-in-neck with Mario Manningham. Essentially, he'll replace Delanie Walker. He'll be a third-down machine, a red-zone threat, a quality blocker, and a vocal leader on the team, but they won't be a focal part of the offense.
Many people have pointed to the compensation required from Seattle and San Francisco as evidence that the 49ers “stole” Boldin and the Seahawks “paid dearly” for Harvin. However, the compensation wasn't far off of the players' market values. The 49ers surrendered a sixth round pick for a player who was shortly going to be cut, and took on their $6 million salary, which immediately becomes the sixth-highest cap hit on their team this season.
They'll have them in a complementary role in a top offense for one year, though they can extend or re-sign them for their age 33 and beyond seasons if they want to. For comparison, the Denver Broncos just signed Wes Welker to a two-year, $12 million contract. They're paying them the same amount of money this year, and they didn't give up a draft pick for them (though San Francisco will hardly miss a sixth round pick).
Seattle paid the equivalent of moving up to the 22nd slot in the draft and taking a 24-year-old player who will immediately become a focal point in one of the best offenses in the league. They signed them to six-year contract with $25.5 million guaranteed with a 2013 cap hit of $4.9 million (less than Boldin). Mike Wallace, a wide receiver with a more limited game, signed a five-year contract with $30 million in guaranteed money. The Seahawks got a younger, better player for less money. But they gave up draft picks as well, you say? Look at this comparison.
Name Age Cost (picks) Cost (years & guaranteed money) Yards from scrimmage (2011-2012) Total TDs (2011-2012) Kick Return Yards Percy Harvin 24 2013 1st/7th & 2014 3rd 6 years, $25.5 million 2,085 14 1,094 Julio Jones 24 2011 1st/2nd/4th & 2012 1st/4th 4 years, $16.2 million 2,243 18 0
The Falcons have been roundly congratulated for their boldness in sacrificing a lot to get their guy: Julio Jones. He's turned into one of the best wide receivers in the NFL, and they've benefitted from their production. However, people are questioning the wisdom of the Seahawks surrendering so much for Harvin. But is it really that different? No, it isn't. The Seahawks are paying Harvin more than the Falcons are paying Jones, but the Falcons gave up much, much more in terms of draft stock. Jones has a bigger impact as a wide receiver, but they don't have nearly the production as a running back, and they don't return kicks at all. And Jones played 32 games in the last two years; Harvin played 25 after being put on injured reserve for a sprained ankle. Finally, the kicker? They're both the same age now.
So the 49ers and Seahawks both acquired talented wide receivers. They're both better teams now than they were last week. They both filled holes on their rosters. And they both paid approximately market value for their additions. The difference is that San Francisco got a deal on a 1993 Ford F-150 that will reliably get them through the winter and probably get them out of more than one ditch. The Seahawks got a deal on a 2004 Ferrari Challenge Stradale that will make the work commute a lot more fun and Saturday nights a lot more exciting.
*Kaepernick was slightly better, at 8.3 yards per attempt, but they didn't have enough attempts to qualify.
**Kaepernick, at 4.6%, was much lower, right behind Josh Freeman and Ryan Fitzpatrick and right ahead of Kevin Kolb and Jay Cutler.
US Congress Republicans are proposing to send military equipment to Ukraine, citing reports that Russian troops are amassing near the border with eastern Ukraine – an allegation that Russia has denied.
"You can do non-combatant military aid in a way that allows them (Ukraine) to defend themselves," House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said during an interview on NBC's ‘Meet the Press.'
Other things suggested being sent include medical supplies, radio equipment, and unspecified "defensive posture weapons systems."
Rogers, a Michigan Republican, clarified that they do not want US troops to confront Russia.
Following the Crimean referendum last week, sanctions have been introduced against Russia by the West and its allies.
The most recent alleged claims include a statement by Supreme Allied Commander Europe Gen Philip Breedlove that Russia is moving more troops to the eastern border with Ukraine and that NATO is concerned about Moldova's Trans-Dniester region, which had earlier voiced willingness to hold a referendum.
In response to allegations, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov cleared up the situation, saying that Russia is observing all international agreements on troop limits in regions bordering Ukraine, adding that foreign missions' inspections can confirm that.
“By the way this issue has been regularly raised during the last month in telephone conversations between Russia's Minister of Defense Sergey Shoigu, and their foreign counterparts, including US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and even acting Ukrainian Defense Minister Igor Tenyukh,” Antonov said.
Shoigu has, in a very transparent manner, informed all of them about the real situation on the Russia-Ukraine border. They also stressed that Russia has no intention to concentrate troops there, Antonov said.
Also, following recent probes by foreign missions in Russia of Ukraine's bordering regions, foreign inspectors came to the conclusion that "Russian Armed Forces are not undertaking any undeclared military activity that would threaten the security of neighboring countries," Antonov added.
180-Degree Turn -
A sometimes difficult maneuver to perform; the degree of difficulty is usually determined by the size of the pilot's ego. A & P. Rating -
Enables you to fly grocery supplies. Aero -
That portion of the atmosphere that lies over Great Britain. Aerodrome -
British word for airport. Exactly what you'd expect from a country that gives its airplanes names like Gypsy Moth, Slingsby Dart, and Fairey Battle Bomber. Aileron -
A hinged control surface on the wing that scares the hell out of airline passengers when it moves. Airfoils -
1. Swords used for dueling in flight. Often used to settle disputes between crew members and passengers.
2. What pilots wrap their sandwiches in. Airframe -
When the FAA inspector knows that you have only a student license and sends their kids to bum a ride with you in the plane. Air Mass -
Impromptu religious service held on board an aircraft immediately following an announcement by the pilot that they are lost, having an engine problem, or running out of fuel. Airplane -
The infernal machine invented by two bicycle mechanics from Dayton, Ohio and perfected on the sands of the Outer Banks of Kitty Hawk, North Carolina. Precursor of the Frisbee. Airspeed -
1. The speed of an airplane through the air.
2. True airspeed plus 20% when talking with other pilots. Deduct 25% when listening to a Naval aviator.
3. Measured in furlongs-per-fortnight in student aircraft. Air Traffic Control Center -
A drafty, ill-kept, barn-like structure in which people congregate for dubious reasons. Alternate Airport -
1. The airport that no aircraft has sufficient fuel to proceed to if necessary.
2. The area directly beyond the active runway when the engine quits on take off. Altimeter Setting -
The place where the altimeter sets. Usually hidden by the control column during a near-minimums instrument approach. AMU -
A measurement of aviation expense. 1 AMU (Aviation Monetary Unit) is equal to $1000. Using AMU's assists in disguising the actual costs of flying. Angle of Attack -
Pick-up lines that pilots use. Arresting Gear -
Police equipment used for keeping order at airport parties. Autopilot -
A would-be airplane pilot who flunked their checkride. Bail Out -
Dipping the water out of the cabin after a heavy rainstorm. Barrel Roll -
Unloading the beer for a hangar party. Caging the Gyro -
Not too difficult with domestic species. Captain -
Any airline pilot wearing four stripes on their sleeve; often found strolling down Lovers' Lane holding their own hand. Carburetor Ice -
Phrase used when reporting a forced landing caused by running out of fuel. Certificated Aircraft -
One that has all hazardous features camouflaged. Cessna 310 -
More than the sum of two Cessna 150's. Chart -
1. Large piece of paper, useful for protecting cockpit surfaces from food and beverage stains.
2. An aeronautical map that provides interesting patterns for the manufacturers of children's curtains. Chock -
1. Sudden and usually unpleasant surprise suffered by Mexican pilots.
2. Piece of wood the lineboy slips in front of wheel while pilot is not looking. Clear -
1. Forecaster's term for low overcast.
2. Warning shouted two seconds after hitting the starter button.
(Note: If you have an airport dog, never name them "Clear"!) Cockpit -
1. A confined space in which two chickens fight each other, especially when they can't find the airport in a rainstorm.
2. Area in which the pilot sits while attempting to figure out where they are. Collision -
Unplanned contact between one aircraft and another. As a rule, collisions that result in the creation of several smaller and less airworthy aircraft from the original two are thought to be the most serious. Cone of Confusion -
An area about the size of New Jersey, located near the final approach beacon at an airport. Control Tower -
A small shack on stilts inhabited by government pensioners who can't hear. When they become blind, they are sent to centers. Course -
Popular alternate landing field marked by fairways and greens. Curiously, pilots who land here are said to be "off-course." Crab -
1. A technique used by pilots to compensate for crosswinds, usually without success.
2. Pilot who has just ground-looped after trying unsuccessfully to use this technique.
3. The squadron Ops Officer. Critical Engine -
That part of your airplane which used to be under the cowl, but is now in intensive care at the maintenance shop. Cuban 8 -
A family of political refugees in Miami. Dead Reckoning -
You reckon correctly, or you are. De-icer -
De person dat puts de ice on de wing. Dive -
Pilots' lounge or airport cafe. Engine Failure -
A condition that occurs when all fuel tanks become filled with air. Exceptional Flying Ability -
Has equal number of takeoffs and landings. FAA -
Fear And Alarm Fast -
Describes the speed of any high-performance aircraft. Lower-performance and training aircraft are described as "half-fast." Final Approach -
1. Many a seasoned pilot's last landing.
2. Many a student pilot's first landing.
3. Last pass a pilot makes at the opposite sex before giving up. Firewall -
Section of the aircraft specially designed to let heat and smoke enter the cockpit. Flashlight -
Tubular metal container kept in flight bag for storing dead batteries.
Flight Instructor -
Individual of dubious reputation, paid vast sums of money to impart knowledge of questionable value and cast serious doubt on the coordination, intelligence, and ancestry of student pilots. Flight Plan -
Scheme to get away from home to go flying. Glide Distance -
Half the distance from the airplane to the nearest emergency landing field. Glider -
Formerly "airplane," prior to running out of fuel. Gross Weight -
1. A 350-pound pilot (also see "Split S").
2. Maximum permissible takeoff weight plus two suitcases, 10 cans of oil, four sleeping bags, four rifles, eight cases of beer, a bowling ball, and the groceries. Hangar -
Home for anything that flies, mostly birds. Heated Air Mass -
Usually found near hangar, flight lounge, airport cafe, or attractive, non-flying members of the opposite sex. Holding Pattern -
The term applied to the dogfight in progress over any radio facility serving a terminal airport. Hotel -
The letter H as pronounced in the phonetic alphabet. Most often heard in intercom conversations between pilots and flight attendants. Hydroplane -
An airplane designed to land on a 20,000 foot long wet runway. IFR -
1. I Follow Roads
2. A method of flying by needle and ripcord. Jet-assisted Takeoff -
1. A rapid-takeoff procedure used by a general aviation pilot who suddenly finds themselves taking off on a runway directly in front of a departing 747.
2. Takeoff by pilot who ordered enchiladas for lunch at the airport coffee shop. Junkers 52 -
A collection of elderly airplanes that even the FAA can't make airworthy. Kilometer -
A unit of measurement used on charts to further confuse pilots who already have trouble with knots. Lazy 8 -
1. Well-known fly-in resort ranch.
2. The airport operator, their four mechanics, and three lineboys. Log -
A small rectangular notebook used by pilots to record lies. Magneto -
1. Spanish for, "What a cool-looking magnet!"
2. Not-very-famous Italian vaudeville magician, "The Great Magneto." Mode -
Term used by pilots in the Lafayette Escadrille during WWI to describe what they had to land in during rainy weather. Motor -
A word used by Englishmen and student pilots when referring to an aircraft engine. (also see "Aerodrome") Nanosecond -
Time delay built into the stall warning system. National Airport -
Inordinately congested airport in Washington, D.C. whose Potomac River approach was used by Korean War pilots practicing bombing the bridges at Toko-Ri. Navigation -
The process by which a pilot finds their way from point A to point B while actually trying to get to point C. Occupied -
An airline term for lavatory. Oshkosh -
A town in Wisconsin that is the site of the annual Experimental Aircraft Association fly-in. It is believed to have been named after the sound that most experimental aircraft engines make. Parasitic Drag -
A pilot who bums a ride and complains about the service. Pilot -
A poor, misguided soul who talks about women when he's flying and flying when he's with a woman. Pitch -
The story you give your wife about needing an airplane to use in your business. Pitot Tube -
On long flights, something into which the pilot can pitot. Prop Wash -
1. Cleaning agent used by student pilots.
2. Pilots' equivalent of "hogwash." Pylon -
All aboard! Radar -
An extremely realistic type of video game, often found at airports. Players try to send small game-pieces, called "blips," from one side of the screen to without colliding with each other. Player with the fewest collisions wins. Range -
Usually about 30 miles beyond the point where all fuel tanks fill with air. Roger -
1. The most popular name in radio transmissions - followed by Dodger, Codger, Over & Out..
2. Used when you're not sure what else to say. S-turn -
Course flown by student pilot from point A to point B. Short-field Takeoff -
A takeoff from any field less than 10,000 feet long. Split S -
What happens to the pants of overweight pilots (also see "Gross Weight"). Spoilers -
The Federal Aviation Administration. Tactics -
What the instrument panel clock sounds like when it needs fixing. An improperly tuned clock goes "Tock Tick" instead of "Tick Tock". Taildragger -
1. An old pilot after a long flight.
2. A young pilot who over-rotates a tricycle gear aircraft on takeoff or landing. Tailwind -
Results from eating beans in the airport coffee shop; often causes oxygen deficiency in the immediate vicinity. Trim Tab -
1. A device that can fly an airplane better than the pilot.
2. Popular diet beverage for fat pilots (also see "Gross Weight"). Useful Load -
Volumetric capacity of the aircraft, without regard to cargo weight. Walkaround -
What you do when waiting for weather to clear. Wilco -
Roger's brother, the nerd. Windsock -
Well-perforated item of clothing worn inside the shoe by underpaid copilot who can't afford a replacement or a darning needle. Wing strut -
Peculiar, ritualistic walk performed by student pilots upon getting out of low-winged trainers following first flight performed without instructor yelling at them. Usually results in instructor yelling at them.
In early 2014 a cat named Russell was badly burned in a house fire that destroyed their family's home.
Russell subsequently spent over a year and a half at a North Carolina Veterinary Clinic recovering from their injuries. The fire burned their face and body, made them lose the tips of their ears, and most tragically of all, their sight in both eyes.
The recovery process was a long and painful one for Russell with them having to undergo over two dozen operations and other forms of treatment.
However, despite their injuries and the ongoing pain, this loving feline spent much of their time making sure the other animals in the hospital felt at home.
During their extended stay at the Animal Hospital, Russell snuggled up with lots of new pals as they arrived, trying to ensure that they felt comfortable as they underwent their own treatments.
“He wants to be friends with every animal,” said Megan Maus, a Vet Tech at Animal Emergency Hospital and Urgent Care. “He's a very inquisitive cat. A very loving little cat.”
And it didn't matter what type of animal it was – fawn, dog, hamster or bird, every new arrival was treated the same way. As soon as Russell was able to get close to them, they showered them with affection, sitting beside them so that they did not feel alone.
Most of Russell's ‘friends' were dogs as they were what came through the hospital's doors most frequently.
However, when a fawn arrived, Russell was on hand as always. The baby dear had been discovered on someone's lawn, and when it became apparent that their mother was not going to come back, they were brought into the clinic for care.
The fawn quickly became the centre of Russell's world.
As did a stray Labrador that got hit by a car, and later a Chihuahua stray named Roscoe, whose eye was injured after being attacked by another dog.
All of these animals found themselves with a warm fluffy ball of Russell tell help them recover.
Of course, all of these animals were only in the animal hospital for a short while before moving on and leaving Russell behind. However, there were always plenty of newcomers that were in need of the cuddly cat's love.
The good news is that Russell was finally declared well enough to leave the clinic. Their family home had been rebuilt and as of summer 2015, they were back where they belonged.
Thanks to generous donations, Russell's medical bills were covered throughout.
Russell also enjoyed a little bit of fame too. Adoring fans the world over followed their progress on Facebook and elsewhere, sending their support in gifts and donations.
(Source / Image Credits: Huffington Post, Lifewithcats.tv)
With Microsoft having made it official that the new Xbox One will have draconian limitations on playing used games, sharing games and being played without an internet connection, the question now is whether the console is dead on arrival with gamers. Given that the Xbox division has been one of the bright lights at Microsoft in recent years (even though its profit contribution is fairly small), this is no small act of self-immolation by the software giant. Is it too soon to write the obituary of a console that hasn't even been released to the public yet? Perhaps, but perhaps not.
Consider that Xbox One and Playstation 4 from Sony are going to launch at almost exactly the same time with almost exactly the same hardware inside. Sony has already staked out a marketing position targeting the hardcore gaming constituency. By contrast, Microsoft clearly downplayed that message at its launch announcement, touting the console's ability to act as a TV companion at least as much as a gaming machine. With the E3 gaming conference coming Monday, perhaps Microsoft hoped to gain gamers' attention then, but today's news is likely to be so off-putting, it's not entirely clear Microsoft will ever be able to change the perception around Xbox One. That perception: It's only a part-time gamer's machine with things like Kinect that hardcore players don't much care about and a lot of money-grabbing features and "Big Brother" surveillance built in. This is supposed to be the future of entertainment, it's worth mentioning.
The negatives have been detailed well in fellow Forbes' contributor Dave Thier's post that I linked above, but specifically, Microsoft is absolutely going to war with a couple of key features people have taken for granted since almost the days of Atari:
Your right to buy used games is no longer absolute. Publishers can simply make titles unavailable for resale or can possibly charge fees to allow you to "reactivate" a used game -- even up to the original price of the game. There is a $2 billion used game market for a reason: Games are expensive. Who wins here? The publishers have railed against the used-game market for years because they don't like not receiving a cut on secondary sales. But realistically, someone buys the first Call of Duty for $15 in the used bin is a potential customer for the newest version at $60 this Christmas. There was a marketing benefit that publishers received for free even without a piece of the action. Who loses here? Pretty much everyone else: Gamers, GameStop , eBay, the friends you traded games with.
Game rentals as we know them are effectively dead. For the admitted minority of people who enjoyed services like Gamefly or borrowed a title for a day or two from Redbox, the restrictions on one's ability to share games mean there will be no more of that. While there are some new sharing features built into Xbox One, they in no way replace the ability to just bring a disc over to a friend's house and play the game whenever you want to. That behavior is more or less over. Perhaps new rental models will emerge, especially with all games having an option to download them. But make no mistake, this is war on discs and your rights of ownership. It hasn't gone entirely well for music, movie and book lovers when it's been declared in the past and it looks ugly here.
Offline play is over. If you enjoyed taking your Xbox up to the fishing cabin for a weekend, forget it -- unless the cabin has broadband. There was a lot of piracy in the last generation of consoles and these always-on internet requirements are designed to put an end to that for good. They'll probably work, but not without cost and a lot of unhappy people. While the expectation around certain games has been you need to be online -- think World of Warcraft -- the idea you needed to connect just to play Halo is a new and unwelcome change. Microsoft freaked people out at the Xbox One launch with the suggestion that the Kinect's camera was always going to be watching you and thankfully confirmed today you'll be able to shut that off. But effectively, your Xbox will always be watching -- or else it will just cut you off.
There's a lot of money at stake. All of these ideas are designed to make someone more money, whether it's game publishers or Microsoft itself. Already the Xbox tended to push people in the direction of a paid subscription to Xbox Live in a way that Playstation didn't. That's been quite successful for Microsoft and is a moneymaker. But there's a fine line between asking for money and pushing people over the edge. With the move away from used games and the need to be always on, it seems likely that the next shoe to drop will be that without a paid Xbox Live Gold subscription, Xbox One isn't as good a console as otherwise. Given the already tenuous attitude toward Xbox One, the idea that it also requires a subscription might be a bridge too far; but don't doubt Microsoft will try to cross it.
Sony must be pretty delighted right now. It already had won round one of the PR war without really even trying. Its PS4 reveal was a strange show of a lot of half-completed demos and vague promises. Since then Microsoft has first-person shot itself in the foot. Over and again. I have been skeptical since the PS4 launch about whether there was enough of a market for next-generation consoles to support these launches by Sony and Microsoft, who ran mostly neck-and-neck worldwide with PS3 and Xbox 360. Perhaps if one clearly dominates the other with their new models, there will be a clear winner after all. It's early, but right now it's shaping up that way.
Follow me on Twitter. Find the rest of my Forbes posts here.
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban says he's open to accepting refugees, but only those fleeing liberal policies in Western Europe.
Orban used their annual state of the nation address Friday to list five threats Hungary faces, including EU policies and Hungarian billionaire George Soros.
They also welcomed Europeans who are fed up with their liberal governments to move to Hungary.
“Of course we can give shelter to the real refugees: Germans, Dutch, French, Italians, scared politicians and journalists,” Orban said in their address. “Christians who had to flee their own country, those people who want to find here the Europe that they lost at their home.”
Hungary recently introduced plans to put migrants in indefinite detention while their asylum applications are processed. The migrants will be housed in shipping containers to stop them from moving freely across Europe. (RELATED: Hungary Wants To Put All Asylum Seekers In Detention Shelters)
“The foxes are let into the henhouse to compete freely, and nobody can stop the foxes winning time after time,” Orban said.
Follow Jacob on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Introduction
It's been less than a year since Nokia made its big comeback with Android and the company has already launched six phones since then. The latest one to be announced is the Nokia 2, which made its global debut at an event in India yesterday.
The nomenclature should make it clear but the Nokia 2 will be the most affordable smartphone in the range. It's no coincidence that the launch was in India, because India and other developing markets will be the key demographic for a low-price device like the Nokia 2.
But affordability isn't all Nokia is going for here. The key feature that the company is talking about is the 2-day battery life thanks to the large 4100mAh battery. The phone also boasts of an aluminum frame, an LTPS IPS display and the promise of stock Android with fast updates.
Nokia 2 key specifications
Body: Aluminum frame, polycarbonate back
Aluminum frame, polycarbonate back Display: 5.0-inch, 1280x720 resolution LTPS IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 3
5.0-inch, 1280x720 resolution LTPS IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 212 SoC; 1.3GHz 4x Cortex-A7 CPU; Adreno 304 GPU
Qualcomm Snapdragon 212 SoC; 1.3GHz 4x Cortex-A7 CPU; Adreno 304 GPU Memory: 1GB RAM, 8GB ROM with microSD support
1GB RAM, 8GB ROM with microSD support Rear Camera: 8 megapixel with autofocus and LED flash
8 megapixels with autofocus and LED flash Front Camera: 5 megapixel
5 megapixel Connectivity: Dual SIM, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS/BeiDou/GLONASS, microUSB
Dual SIM, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11n, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS/BeiDou/GLONASS, microUSB Power: 4100mAh non-removable battery
4100mAh non-removable battery Software: Android 7.1.1 Nougat
Android 7.1.1 Nougat Other features: IP52 drip protection, FM radio
On paper, the Nokia 2 isn't much. But then again, it's not supposed to be. Nokia is targeting the phone at feature phone customers who will be upgrading to a smartphone for the first time. This is why battery life was the key focus for the Nokia 2, as feature phone users are used to multiple days of battery life.
Nokia 2 press photos
We had a brief hands-on with the device at the launch event and here are our first impressions.
I am a male but I know women are much more superior to men emotionally. I am saying this because I have experienced it. I have two elders sisters and I know they are superior to me. Emotionally I am no match for them. But physically, yes. So it's better to face the facts than believe in false conditioning of the mind the society has been following for ages. It's saddening to read in the history books regarding 'child marriage' and 'sati' (the act to burning the widow to death on their husband's pyre). Thanks to some great leaders we got rid of those dreadful customs but I have heard these still carry on in some remote villages of Rajasthan. It's a disgust and shame on the society. How long would women specially in India would suffer?
Men are born idiots. Most of them always tend to take decisions from the mind rather than the heart. While, it's a other way round for women. This is the reason why women mature at much younger age than men. Old men tend to be wiser but still they can never compete with women. A woman anytime, anyplace is much wiser and better at taking whole brain as well as heart based decisions than men. That's why in today's world women are going ahead on top positions leaving men behind in almost every field. What women lack in strenght they make up in wisdom. So it would be foolishness for men to compete with a woman.
Genetically, males are born with 'XY' chromosomes while females are born with 'XX' chromosomes. One 'X' of both are common, so the difference is between female's 'X' and male's 'Y'. Now if we push the 'X' it would still stand as 'X' so it is stable. While if we push 'Y' it falls flat. So women are more stable than men. It's scientifically true that females tend to have 'sixth sense' more well developed than men. So it helps in better decision making when a woman listen to their intution. So a reason for the men to follow women's advice.
Many religions ban women from entering the holy places of worship as they can cause distractions but the fact is that women get 'enlightened' more quickly than men. There are more enlightened women than men. So women are equally important in religion. It's high time the male dominant society wakes up and takes notice. Because unless women gets them due respects we can never really respect the nature or God.
A drunk man in India was buried alive after they fell into a pothole and construction workers built a road over him. Two people have been arrested in connection with the shocking incident.
Latori Barman, 45, fell into the hole on Friday night while walking home from a village fair in the Katni district of the Madhya Pradesh state, The Times of India reported. It is believed that they lost consciousness after the fall, according to an unnamed investigating officer.
The unfortunate man later met their demise at the hands of construction workers, who filled the hole with molten tar and used a heavy roller vehicle to flatten the surface.
“Workers must not have noticed them while filling the pothole with bitumen,” the officer said.
READ MORE: At least 104 dead in blast at packed Indian restaurant – officials
Barman's death would have gone unnoticed had residents not discovered their arm sticking out from under the newly tarred road. Their body was exhumed and sent for autopsy after the discovery.
The incident sparked anger in the community, with villagers blocking traffic in protest. The demonstration ended after officials assured the locals that legal action would be taken against the construction company.
The driver of the truck and the laborer who filled the pothole have been arrested and booked for negligence leading to death.
READ MORE: Indian girl fights back against their harasser, bringing them to their knees (VIDEO)
According to police, Barman had gone to the fair in Rishi Panchmi with their wife, who stayed the night at their parent's house. They were walking home to their village alone after a brief stop at a liquor shop.
“It was dark and there were no warning signs. They would have been walking in an inebriated condition when they fell into the pit between Udlana and Hata village and lost consciousness. Traffic had been restricted on the stretch as the pit occupied more than half of the road,” the officer said.
District collector Vivek Narwal said Barman's family will be given 50,000 Rupees (US$761) as compensation for the incident.
Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is the most common vaginal infection in US women of childbearing age, and is common in pregnant women. BV occurs when the normal balance of bacteria in the vagina is disrupted and replaced by an overgrowth of certain bacteria. Because having BV puts a woman at increased risk for a variety of complications, such as preterm delivery, there is great interest in understanding how it can be prevented.
Vitamin D may play a role in BV because it exerts influence over a number of aspects of the immune system.
This hypothesis is circumstantially supported by the fact that BV is far more common in black than white women, and vitamin D status is substantially lower in black than white women. This relation, however, has not been rigorously studied. To assess whether poor vitamin D status may play a role in predisposing a woman to BV, Bodnar and coworkers at the University of Pittsburgh and the Magee-Womens Research Institute studied 469 pregnant women.
This prospective epidemiologic study investigated the relation between vitamin D status and BV in 209 white and 260 black women at <16 wk of pregnancy with singleton gestations. Blood samples were taken, and serum analyzed for 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], a marker of vitamin D status. 25(OH)D levels below 80 nmol/L are typically considered insufficient. Pelvic examinations were performed, and Gram-stained vaginal smears were assessed to diagnose BV.
The data indicate that 41% of all enrolled women had BV, and that 93% had 25(OH)D levels indicative of vitamin D insufficiency. Overall, women with BV had lower serum 25(OH)D concentrations than those without BV (P < 0.01). The prevalence of BV decreased as vitamin D concentration increased to 80 nmol/L (P < 0.001). Compared with 75 nmol/L, serum 25(OH)D concentrations of 20 nmol/L and 50 nmol/L were associated with 65% and 26% increases, respectively, in the likelihood of BV. In summary, these findings suggest that vitamin D insufficiency is associated with BV in the first 4 mo of pregnancy. Further, poor vitamin D status may contribute to the strong racial disparity in the prevalence of BV in US women. Controlled intervention trials will be needed to confirm this hypothesis.
Portland Must Be Done with The Oregonian
Last Friday, The Oregonian published a staff editorial that responded to the police brutality unleashed on May Day protesters by labeling all anarchists as “punk fascists.” This editorial — published by the conservative newspaper that used to be a daily powerhouse in the Northwest — has been roundly denounced in many circles for its political ignorance, opportunism, and misrepresentation of the facts. While some participants in the black bloc chucked Pepsi cans at alt-right provocateurs and the cops, the Portland police — infamous for rehiring officers exposed as neonazis — were the clear aggressors, as is the inherent nature of police.
They responded to the minor actions of a few by brutally attacking the entirety of the march: including families and the disabled. In the resulting chaos as police beat, gassed, and chucked grenades at protesters, some members of the black bloc responded by smashing bank and corporate windows, and a fire was set in an intersection as an impediment to slow the attacking police down. The Oregonian‘s attempts to portray all anarchists as responsible, and furthermore as “fascists,” is beyond atrocious. One cannot help but juxtapose this narrative with the police's friendly approach to (and the media's craven positive coverage of) white nationalists who marched through a poor immigrant neighborhood in outer East Portland two days prior.
The Oregonian, in its baiting rhetorical manner, demanded to hear from anarchists. The following is but one of many letters to the editor submitted by anarchists from Portland and around the world. Of course, it is highly doubtful The Oregonian will print a single one:
For a while there, it looked as if Mayor Rob Ford was making a comeback. Their weight was down and they looked healthier and trimmer. They were working out. They seemed on the ball during the ice-storm crisis, appearing daily to reassure the public about relief and repair efforts.
Now this. The latest Ford video demolishes their claim that they are clean, sober and fit to lead the city. They curse the chief of police. They rant, rambles and slurs their words. They speak in a Jamaican accent and peppers their tirade with crude slang.
It is another weird, embarrassing episode in the ongoing reality show that is the mayoralty of Rob Ford. The script is repetitive. Just when it looks as if things are getting back to semi-normal again, the Ford story blows up, late-night comics lick their chops and Torontonians shake their heads. Can this really be happening again? When will it all end?
Story continues below advertisement
In past blowups, Mr. Ford has at least apologized for their behaviour and asked Toronto to forgive and forget. This time they didn't even bother.
"What I do in my personal life and with my personal friends, that's up to me," they said as they pushed their way through the media horde outside their office. "This really has nothing to do with … you guys. It's my own time."
But, of course, their personal conduct is very much the issue and has been at least since they admitted last fall to smoking crack cocaine in a drunken stupor. They said then that they had done wrong and promised to clean up their act. They went further: They said they were giving up drinking altogether. "I'll guarantee that … guaranteed, 100 per cent," they told CP24's Stephen LeDrew. Now they admit that they were drinking and says it is none of anyone's business.
Mr. Ford is hardly the first person to fall off the wagon after taking the pledge to stop drinking. The bottle is a tyrant and few people overthrow it with a snap of the fingers. After the mayor's admission on Tuesday afternoon, city councillors were once again pleading with them to get help. Deputy Mayor Norm Kelly said Mr. Ford should take a pause to tend to himself. "If it's happened once, it may happen again."
Indeed it may, and the results could be worse than another viral video featuring our infamous chief magistrate. Did the mayor drive themselves to the fast-food joint where they delivered their rant? If so, they could have endangered not just himself, but others. If not, why did their driver and security guy let them go out in such a state? The mayor did not give clear answers in their brief encounter with the media, although they seemed to say they were not behind the wheel.
The incident raises other troubling questions. Where does Mr. Ford draw the line between public and private? Do they think it is all right to behave the way they did in public? Have they given up on their promise to quit drinking, or do they claim this was just a lapse? What was they trying to say about police Chief Bill Blair? Will they at least apologize for their vulgar attack on the city's top law enforcement officer? It is a relevant question as city council prepares to debate the city budget, including the allotment for police.
A second video, showing Mr. Ford meeting with pal Alessandro Lisi, casts still more doubt on their judgment. With their choice of associates already under such scrutiny, why on earth would they meet with a man facing drug and extortion charges? Can they be that reckless?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Tuesday's events certainly vindicate city council's decision last fall to strip the mayor of most of their powers. By rights, they should have stepped down long ago, or at least taken a leave to get themselves in order. Instead, we have this ongoing civic drama – strange, more than a little funny, but ultimately tiresome and sad.
In this latest video, Mr. Ford utters the word "cha." The Urban Dictionary defines it as: "To show annoyance or frustration at a specified event or person, usually put onto the end of an asupervisorstioned sentence, used as a verbal alternative to a sigh."
Toronto knows the feeling.
Hundreds of protests around the country took place on Thursday night outside Verizon stores, as activists called for the preservation of the net neutrality, which is the common name for a set of consumer protections that treat the internet as utility.
Verizon stores were the target because the communications company, which provides an estimated five million internet connections in the United States to houses, offices, bars, restaurants, and banks, is for removing the protections, which would enable it to charge more for certain types of internet content.
Ahead of the FCC's meeting on December 14, where the five-person commission (filled with three Republican and two Democrat appointees), is expected to do away with net neutrality protections in favor of Chairman Ajit Pai's “Restoring Internet Freedom Order,” protestors brought signs and loud voices outside Verizon stores.
Below are photos from protests around the country on Tuesday night.
Clippers' Chauncey Billups and DeAndre Jordan use the buddy system
Sage veteran Billups shares their insights with young center, a bond that benefits the team as well. Jordan says they have a lot of respect for Billups and they know Billups is 'telling me the right thing.'
There are nights such as Saturday night at Memphis when one can see Jordan has gotten Billups' message. Jordan had a double-double with 16 points and 12 rebounds, four on offensive. They had three blocked shots, a key one late in the Clippers' victory over the Grizzlies.
"I look at them a lot," Jordan said. "No disrespect to our coaches, but I'm looking at them and he's like, 'Get over there' if I mess up. He'll tell you. They don't care if you get mad at him. But at the end of the day, I know he's telling me the right thing."
Jordan, 24, and Billups, 36, have developed a bond that has benefited the center and the Clippers.
Whether it's during a game or at practice or riding the team bus or flying on the Clippers' chartered jet, sage veteran Chauncey Billups has bestowed their wisdom upon young DeAndre Jordan .
The teacher and the student still are in the classroom this late in the season, the lessons of how best to play this game of basketball being taught.
Jordan was so active that they played 36 minutes, the most they have played since Feb. 4, when they played 40 minutes at Washington.
"I'm always telling them what I see and what's going on during the game," Billups said. "Not only that, but what I need them to do. If I see them make a mistake on a play, I tell them what happened."
There were times during Saturday night's game in which Jordan would come off the court and seek out Billups, who missed their eighth consecutive game with a strained right hamstring.
Billups is a 16-year veteran who won an NBA championship in 2004 with the Detroit Pistons, when they were named the Finals' MVP.
Asked what it has meant to them to have Billups to lean on, Jordan repeated the word "huge" three times.
"He keeps me locked into the game," Jordan said. "He's done it, man. Chauncey is like a sensei, know what I'm saying? He's going to tell you, 'No, you [messed] up. You need to do this.' When you do it right, he's going to tell you, 'All right, that's not your fault. You did that right.' "
Clippers turning corner?
There was a time recently when the Clippers had lost three consecutive games, eight of 14. They looked out of sorts and nothing like the team that won 17 consecutive games earlier in the season.
Now it looks as if the Clippers have gotten their game back in order.
The Clippers have a five-game winning streak with two regular-season games left, against the Portland Trail Blazers on Tuesday at Staples Center and the season finale at Sacramento on Wednesday night.
"I think it's our energy," said Clippers Coach Vinny Del Negro, who gave their team Sunday off. "I think it's just overall concentration, mental toughness. I think we're staying in the moment a little bit more. We're getting a lot of contribution from a lot of guys and that's how you win."
broderick.turner@latimes.com
twitter.com/BA_Turner
On Tuesday's The Situation Room on CNN, anchor Wolf Blitzer joined the rest of the media in spending endless hours harping on a gathering of 200 white supremacists expressing their support for Trump. While Trump denounced the group, and has done so in the past, this wasn't good enough for some journalists like Blitzer, who demanded that Trump do more. In an interview with RNC strategist Sean Spicer, Blitzer repeatedly asked Spicer why Trump hadn't come out in a video or a formal speech to denounce their support. Eventually Spicer snapped and asked Blitzer, “Should they write it in the sky with an airplane? I mean at what point is it enough? I don't know but I think that they have been very clear, and it's time to move on.”
The segment started with Blitzer proposing Trump “deliver a speech” denouncing the white supremacists.
BLITZER: Should they go out and deliver a speech specifically denouncing these neo-Nazis, these white supremacists saying-- [cross-talk] BLITZER: Should they go out there and deliver a specific speech and make that abundantly clear they don't want these people's support and they condemn them?
Spicer responded that Trump “has condemned” them and “at some point” the media has “got to take their position and go and move on.”
SPICER:He has said that they refute that, that's not the kind of movement they want to support, be energized by, not the kind of people that they want to be associated with him. I don't know how many more times Donald Trump can make their position clear, but it's been crystal clear for a long time and over and over again with every tweet, utterance, you name it, Facebook post. They have to somehow respond to it. They have made their position clear, it's time we accept that position and move on. That's not their focus.
This time Blitzer pivoted to demand Spicer answer ‘why' neo-Nazi groups supported Trump in the first place.
BLITZER: Why do you think Sean, these neo-Nazi groups, these white supremacist groups that we saw here in Washington over the weekend and you saw the video. Why do you think that they still support him? SPICER: I don't know. That's really not my focus, figuring out why certain groups supported them or didn't…. To continue to ask them over and over again the to denounce the same people and same words and groups over and over again is getting a bit preposterous...
But Blitzer wouldn't let it go. For a third time they asked Spicer the same question.
BLITZER: Why do they not do that more dramatically, if you will, and make it clear that they want no part of these people?
A frustrated Spicer responded again:
SPICER: [I] don't know how many times they have to answer that question, and you're figuring out the way and fashion to do it next. If they go out and gives a speech, should they write it in the sky with an airplane? I mean at what point is it enough? I don't know but I think that they have been very clear, and it's time to move on.
Blitzer's final proposal was for Trump to come out with a “formal statement” or maybe a “Youtube video” denouncing the group.
In a sit-down interview on The Ellen Show, model-actor-entrepreneur Kim Kardashian slipped and revealed the gender of their third child with Kanye West. In speaking as their first child, North, Kim said “Mom, since baby sister's not here, I think I need all of their toys in my room, and I'll play with them and just make sure they're all okay for baby sister.” And then the audience went crazy.
It was announced back in September that Kanye and Kim were expecting a third child, courtesy of a paid surrogate. Although the baby heiress's name has yet to be determined by their parents, we can expect them to be inspiring our future fits and moods starting sometime in January, when they are expected to be delivered to them throne.
In previous article we discussed about Best Twitter apps for Android and in this article are going to share with you some Best Twitter Apps for your Window Phone. So don't miss reading this article. Basically, we all know that there are lots of Twitter clients available for Window phone and choosing one of the best out of them is not an easy job.
As there are lots of twitter clients available for your Window Phone at Window Marketplace (Official app store for Windows phone). We have compiled some of Best Twitter Applications for Windows Phone. So that it's become easier for to choose the best one for your device. So lets we start with
Seesmic is a cool Windows phone application which lets you update and view multiple social network. It also manages multiple Twitter accounts, your Facebook account and organize all your accounts, searches, trending topics and lists in your customizable “spaces” dashboard.
Discover what's happening right now, anywhere in the world with the official Twitter for Windows Phone 7 application. Tweets, real-time search, Suggested Users, Top Tweets, trending topics and maps show what's happening now everywhere and nearby. Tweet, share photos and send direct messages to your friends and the world. Don't have an account? Just sign up from the app!. You can also grab the free version of this app.
Price: $4.99
This is an official Twitter app for Window Phone is using which you can discover what's happening right now, anywhere in the world. Tweet, share photos and send direct messages to your friends and to the world. Don't have an account? Just sign up from the app.
A brand-new full featured Twitter client for Windows Phone 7. Have your tweets read to you in one of 5 languages including translating the tweets into English, French, German, Italian and Spanish.
Price: 1.99
Birdsong provides a native, performant and functionally rich experience throughout. Its innovative design has features such as infinite scrolling and off-line viewing that is powered by a custom document database.
Price: $0.99
Twitter Stalker allows you to enter in any number of Twitter users or search terms and get quick access to their tweets. You can pin each user or search term to your start screen with live tiles. The back of the tile will automatically update with their latest tweet.
Price: Free
Rowi is an easy to use a Twitter app for Windows Phone with a clean and simple interface. In this app you'll find a simple, streamlined, easy to use Metro interface that feels like it's part of Windows Phone. Lite version of this app is also available.
Price: $1.45
Tweeterlight is an alternative Twitter client that supports your Windows Phone theme, unread tweets, ReadItLater, Twitpic uploads, and geolocation. It updates all of your main feeds at startup, and highlights new tweets for easy reading.
Price: $0.99
It is not a general Twitter app, it is only for tracking retweet using which you can easily track your tweets that have been retweeted.
Price: Free
Twitia is easy to use Twitter client for your Windows phone using which you can access to your Twitter account with an ease.
Price: Free
So give try to these best Twitter apps for Windows Phone and share your opinion with us. Also, you can share alternative of these apps if you have any.
(Visited 4,898 times, 1 visits today)
The Stack Archive
Nest thermostat bug leaves owners without heating
Thu 14 Jan 2016
Google-owned smart homeware company Nest has asked users to reset their connected thermostats after a software bug forced controllers offline and left owners unable to heat their homes.
The company has confirmed that a software update error had caused the thermostat's batteries to drain, therefore making it unable to control the temperature. Users of the smart home device took to social media to express their anger at being left with cold houses. Some feared that the fault had put water pipes under pressure, risking burst plumbing.
One user tweeted: “I trust nest 2 keep my pipes from freezing @ 2nd home 450 miles from where I live; but nest is offline – hope my pipes don't burst #nest #fail”
Nest, founded by former Apple worker Tony Fadell and bought by Google for $3.2 billion (approx. £2.2 billion) in 2014, has sold millions of thermostats across the U.S. and Europe. The smart system, which costs £249, learns temperature preferences and connects to the internet to allow owners to remotely manage heating and hot water from their phones.
While sales of Nest and similar smart home devices have rocketed recently, some experts have warned about relying too heavily on the products which are still vulnerable to failures and even cyberattacks.
Nest has called for users affected by the glitch to reset their thermostats following a nine-step guide. The company said that it was busy preparing a solution to the issue.
“We are aware of a software bug impacting some Nest Thermostat owners,” a spokesperson said. “In some cases, this may cause the device to respond slowly or become unresponsive. We are working on a solution which we expect to roll out in the coming weeks. In the meantime, performing a manual restart of the thermostat will help until a fix is put in place.”
Tags:
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Today we are focusing on some curious courses from different online education platforms. These courses will start in 2015 and are all free!
1. Community Journalism: Digital and Social Media
Course authors describe community journalism as “an area that combines elements of traditional journalism with the new opportunities brought about by digital and social media”.
Journalism is no longer devoted to major events told to general audiences only. The internet and social media made it possible for any individual to create a news platform and target any group of people.
The course will teach you how to launch your own community or hyperlocal site, how to explore the community, identify and build an audience, create content and establish your workflow. It will also cover topics of media law and ethics, and provide tips for using WordPress, Twitter and Facebook in your work.
2. Forensic Psychology: Witness Investigation
This course covers both psychology and criminal investigation. It focuses on the ways a human mind works when witnessing a crime. The course claims that relying on the evidence gained from an eyewitness can be dangerous, due to limitations of the human mind.
The course uses videos of real witnesses and from cameras behind the scenes of a police investigation. During the course you'll try to solve a crime and see how well you did against a team of professional police officers.
3. Framing: Creating powerful political messages
This is another promising MOOC that focuses on the game of framing and reframing when presenting your opinion. The course claims that any position can be strengthened or weakened by mere use of language. An actor was hired to represent a politician with a point of view on a subject. During the course you'll be able to see how the game of frames is played. You will be learning the necessary strategies of the game and designing your own frames.
4. Circadian clocks: how rhythms structure life
Another fascinating course that focuses on a topic of circadian clocks, the clocks that control the life of all beings. The course explains what these clocks mean for everyday life and society. The instructors will talk about changes in people's metabolism and performance during the day. They claim that we are not the same person night and day. They say these clocks are very pervasive, and it's important that the right things happen at the right time, otherwise it leads to higher risk of diseases. Circadian clocks are so powerful that paying attention to them in the future, will improve medical treatments.
5. Inspiring Leadership through Emotional Intelligence
A charismatic course instructor, Professor Richard Boyatzis claims it's not a typical course. The course will focus on leadership in all spheres of life, and will look at leadership as at an emotional bond between people. The course will examine how you nurture and inspire learning and change in yourself and others, and it will teach you important skills.
More information about the courses is provided on their front pages.
The Netflix description for Love reads that the new series "follows nice guy Gus and brazen wild-child Mickey as they navigate the exhilarations and humiliations of intimacy, commitment, love and other things they were hoping to avoid." One of the potentially troubling aspects of the show is right there in that description. Gus' Nice Guy syndrome on Love is something we've got to talk about.
advertisement
In the pilot episode, Gus' girlfriend Natalie breaks up with them — or as we later learn gets Gus to break up with them — because he's too affectionate and too nice to see the problems in their relationship. When their breakup gets heated, that amends slightly to them accusing them of being "fake nice, which is worse than being mean." Mickey says the same thing later, that they pretend to be nice.
Nice Guy syndrome is a trope in which men bemoan the fact that girls only date jerks and not nice guys like them, and also the idea that said men use "niceness" as a means to a sexual end. There often seems to be an assumption in both media and the real world that men who are “traditionally” masculine must be "jerks," whereas “nerdy” men or those who are more sensitive are all "nice." Anyone who's read up on or experienced GamerGate can tell you that's absolutely not always the case in real life, and that's just one example. This trope is not fair to anyone.
In Love, Gus doesn't state this explicitly, at least not early on. While Gus has many complaints about their life, girls not liking them is clearly never a problem. The sentiment actually comes from Mickey's character. "He's so sweet," they say in one episode. "I just thought that was the benefit of having sex with a nice guy, is they were nice to you," Later, Gus accuses Mickey of only wanting to sleep with them because he's a nice guy and that would indicate that she's getting their life together.
But is Gus nice? That's not a word I would use to describe this character; not really. I don't think a nice person would purposefully tank a date just for texting their friend that they aren't interested in them — Mickey totally saved that situation for Bertie. I don't think a nice person would go off in a television writer's room about how terrible and/or flawed a show is when they bought their script and are instrumental to their career. "You immediately become like every other lame girl who, like, gets clingy and won't give a guy space" is not something that a nice person would say and calling Mickey crazy two seconds later is certainly not nice.
I don't honestly even think Gus believes he's nice, yet he's constantly labeled as such or accused of not living up to said label. Why is that? Do we even know what nice means anymore? Sure, it's subjective — something you might think is nice could get on someone else's nerves. But you definitely shouldn't equate "nice" with "nonthreatening" or something like that.
I enjoyed Love, but honestly I don't support Gus and Mickey's relationship one bit. Until the ending, in which the two do get back together, I was holding on to the hope that this show was taking down the "nice guy" trope and proving that it's an unfair way to categorize men. It's not 100 percent clear what Love is trying to say, but I think it may have only added to this tiresome trope in the process. Gus and Mickey's relationship is unhealthy in many ways and on both sides, but Gus' Nice Guy syndrome is definitely a part of it.
Images: Suzanne Hanover/Netflix; Martha Sorren/Bustle
Council on Higher Education report says more than half of black students fail to graduate and urges radical curriculum overhaul
Only one in 20 black South Africans succeeds in higher education, and more than half who enrol at university drop out before completing their degree, according to research published this week.
"Access, success and completion rates continue to be racially skewed, with white completion rates being on average 50% higher than African [black] rates," says a damning report by the country's Council on Higher Education (CHE).
The body calls for a radical overhaul of curriculum structures still rooted in the colonial education of a century ago, most importantly by extending undergraduate courses from three years to four.
The 260-page document paints a gloomy picture of South Africa's education system nearly 20 years after the end of racial apartheid. The country's needs are not being met "largely because much of the country's intellectual talent is not being developed", it warns, leaving a shortage of skilled graduates in the labour market.
The report uses the term "African" to refer to black students and "coloured" to refer to those of mixed race ancestry. "No group is performing well," it says, noting that more than a third of white students, the best performing group – who mainly study at historically advantaged universities – fail to graduate within five years.
"However, African and coloured student performance remains the biggest cause for concern," says the report. "The net effect of the performance patterns is that only 5% of African and coloured youth are succeeding in higher education. This represents an unacceptable failure to develop the talent in the groups where realisation of potential is most important."
South Africa's higher education system has grown by more than 80% since the dawn of democracy in 1994; total enrolment now stands at more than 900,000. This has helped redress inequalities in admissions, with black enrolments reaching 79% and female enrolments 57% of the total by 2010. However, of the best-performing cohort analysed to date (that from 2006), only 35% of students graduated within five years, and it is estimated that 55% will never graduate – a loss of some 70,000 students.
The CHE, a statutory body that advises the higher education minister, acknowledges that universities do not exist in a bubble. The governing African National Congress is accused by critics of failing to bridge the gap between rich and poor, with its persistent racial dimension, and has also been charged with presiding over woefully inadequate schools that deny millions the chance to realise their potential.
"Access to and success in higher education is strongly influenced by the socio-economic background of individuals," the report states. "This is especially so in the South African context where the large majority of black students come from low-income families that do not have the financial resources to support the pursuit of higher education."
Increasing access and completion rates depends largely on addressing the apartheid legacy, it continues. "It is clear, however, that whatever the merits or otherwise of policy interventions that have been put in place thus far, there has been limited success post-1994 in addressing these challenges."
The World Economic Forum's 2013 global information technology report ranks South Africa 140th out of 144 countries in terms of the "quality of the educational system", below all other African countries surveyed except Burundi and Libya.
The CHE says starkly: "It is common cause that the shortcomings and inequalities in South Africa's public school system are a major contributor to the generally poor and racially skewed performance in higher education."
But with little prospect of an improvement in schools in the short term, universities must come up with their own remedies, the CHE contends. Funding students alone is not the answer, since many who fail to complete their studies are not indigent. "Equally important is addressing the affective or psychological and social factors that are also a barrier to success in higher education."
The University of Cape Town (UCT), ranked the best in Africa, has a controversial policy of admitting black students who have substantially lower test scores than whites. But the CHE's task team, chaired by former UCT vice-chancellor Njabulo Ndebele, stops short of recommending positive discrimination.
Instead, it urges an overhaul of a curriculum structure that evolved from the adoption, early in the 20th century, of the Scottish educational framework. This lineage is explained by colonial ties and, specifically, the fact that the South African school system – like Scotland's – ended a year below the English A-level.
The CHE calls for an additional year as the norm for core undergraduate degrees and diplomas, within a flexible structure that allows for high-achieving students to finish more quickly. "The projections presented indicate that the flexible curriculum structure would produce 28% (about 15,000) more graduates than the status quo from the same intake cohort, at an additional subsidy cost of only 16%, reflecting a significant increase in efficiency," it says.
Some experts have questioned universities' admission policies, however. Jonathan Jansen, vice-chancellor of the University of the Free State, has warned that schools and universities have adjusted expectations downwards, especially in relation to black students who enter higher education underprepared. "If a black student requires from you different treatment and lower academic demands because of an argument about disadvantage, tell them to take a hike," they said.
Be one of the first to enjoy Joya Red in the world, as our latest brand is currently being distributed around the globe. We are giving away a box of each vitola size. You could win one, or all of them! The best of all? There's no purchase required.
The contest is dated from Sept. 9th to Sept. 24th. Every 4 days, we will do an electronic raflle to give away one of the 4 prize boxes. Every participant has the chance to win more than one time, so gather as many points as you can!
a Rafflecopter giveaway
Raffle Dates and Prizes
Sep. 12th : 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Short Churchill, 4 3⁄4 x 48 (Winner: Joe Montes).
: 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Short Churchill, 4 3⁄4 x 48 Sep. 16th : 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Robusto, 5 1⁄4 x 50 (Winner: Matt Smart).
: 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Robusto, 5 1⁄4 x 50 Sep. 20th : 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Toro, 6 x 52 (Winner: James Fisher).
: 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Toro, 6 x 52 Sep. 24th: 1 box (20ct.) of Joya Red Cañonazo, 5 1⁄2 x 54 (Winner: Steve McHenry).
*The name of each winner will be updated here next to the raffle's date and its prize.
Abbreviated contest terms and rules
This contest is sponsored by Joya de Nicaragua, S.A.
No purchase necessary. Winner will be notified by email within 48 hours of of each drawing date.
Must be 21 or older to participate. Winners will be asked for proof of age.
Contest is opened to residents of the USA, Canada, Nicaragua, Mexico, Spain, Germany, Switzerland and countries/states/cities where law permits it.
Odds of winning depend on the number of entries during the respective period.
Prize delivery shall be subject to regulation of winner's country of residence. Joya de Nicaragua, S.A. will not be held accountable in any way if prize cannot be delivered to winner because of regulatory constraint in respective country or state.
All federal, state and/or local taxes, import duties, fees, and surcharges are the sole responsibility of the prize winner.
Employees of Joya de Nicaragua, S.A. and its international distributing partners are ineligible.
This contest is void where prohibited by law and subject to local, state and federal law.
All participants accept that in order to take part in this sweepstake they are freely providing contact information to Joya de Nicaragua, S.A. This information will not be shared with third parties.
Watch this video to learn more about Joya Red.
[youtube]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYMNQtXVhNo[/youtube]
In a glass houses moment, National Organization for Marriage president Brian Brown chucked stones at the gays last week after the Minnesota House passed the bipartisan marriage equality bill. Mr. Brown wrote:
The recent actions in Minnesota should serve as a wakeup call to other states that have not yet passed Marriage Protection Amendments: if you do not protect marriage proactively in your constitution, the powerful and wealthy gay marriage lobby will target your state for their next campaign to change your laws. [emphasis added]
What a curious comment, coming as it does from the “Half-Million Dollar Man“.
NOM's IRS 990 tax forms for 2011, the most recent available, show that Brian Brown was paid $230,000 in salary plus almost $24,000 in benefits from National Organization for Marriage Inc, plus another $230,000 in salary and another $24,000 in benefits from National Organization for Marriage Education Fund.
Added together, NOM paid Brian Brown $508,000 in salary and benefits in 2011. Mr. Brown pointing fingers at a “wealthy gay marriage lobby” is like the pot calling the kettle black.
Even more curious, however, is Mr. Brown drawing attention to campaign finance in the first place. Besides reminding Minnesotans that NOM wanted to bypass Minnesota's campaign donor disclosure laws, it also reminds Minnesotans that NOM had almost no grassroots support for its 2012 campaign to pass a constitutional amendment that would have barred same-sex couples from marrying. After Minnesota voters rejected NOM's anti-gay amendment last year, MinnPost reported a summary of how the campaign had been financed:
Minnesota for Marriage, the group pushing for the amendment, has raised about $5 million, the lion's share from the Catholic Church, the Minnesota Family Council and its sister group, the National Organization for Marriage.
Minnesotans United for All Families, the vote-no coalition, raised twice as much, most of it from 62,000 individual donors. It also reported seven-figure contributions from national organizations as well as $1.2 million in in-kind contributions.
While pro-equality Minnesotans United for All Families enjoyed the support of 62,000 individual donors, the anti-gay Minnesota for Marriage relied heavily on money from NOM, which in turn is supported by just a handful of wealthy donors. From NOM Exposed:
Our analysis of NOM's 2010 Form 990, filed with the Internal Revenue Service in November 2011 and obtained by the American Independent, confirmed that the top five donors to NOM accounted for almost 90 percent of its funding. We can only conclude that NOM's claim to being a grassroots organization representing thousands is phony. Tax returns don't lie.
It is puzzling why Brian Brown would be drawing attention to personal wealth and campaign finance, because it is beneficial to the pro-equality cause for them to do so.
If you're a baker, there's not much better than the egg — it's versatile, delicious, and imparts the perfect texture and height to baked dishes. So what's a frustrated baker to do when the national egg supply is threatened? Simple, writes NPR's Dan Charles: go out in search of the perfect understudy.
Okay, it's not really that simple. After all, the unique proteins in eggs bring their chemical properties to baked goods through foaming, coagulation and emulsification. That's why a recent shortage of egg due to avian flu has flummoxed bakers, writes Charles — there just doesn't seem to be anything like an egg.
Things have gotten so dire that egg replacement research is really taking off, Charles reports. These understudies mimic the properties of eggs to add structure to baked goods like cake. Companies like Glanbia, writes Charles, have struggled to create a product that does everything the egg can, combining flaxseed emulsifiers, whey protein and artificial egg flavors to get as close to the real deal as they can.
But flavor and texture aren't the only problem for bakers trying to adapt to a post-egg way of life. Prices are, too: with eggs becoming a more expensive protein than that of the chickens they come from, prices for everything are going up. The Los Angeles Times' Jim Puzzanghera reports that the jump in egg prices has driven a 0.3 percent spike in food prices as consumer price indices rise across the board. The moral of the story? Savor every (expensive) bite.
Some of you may be asking, "Why do Shaq Lawson before you do Noah Spence?" Well, I'm glad you asked!
I like to have as much uniformity to my breakdowns as possible when it comes to the information I use to make my assessment. In general, I want to review no less than four games and ideally at least five. Unfortunately, my man Noah Spence only has three games up on Draft Breakdown, which isn't a knock on them. When you play at Eastern Kentucky, you don't always get on TV, which makes the TV copy of their games hard to get. I did watch those three games and was hella tempted to try to do a breakdown anyway. But, at the end of the day I was so impressed with what I saw in those three games that I didn't want to do Spence a disservice by rushing into things if there was any chance I might come up on a fourth game before the draft actually rolls around.
As for "Why Shaq Lawson?" well, I'm glad you asked me that, too!
Because I am technically an NFL writer for SB Nation and I cover the whole league, basically, I pretty much have to immerse myself into the NFL in the fall. That means i don't get to watch nearly as much college football as I used to, and even what I do watch, I'm not usually watching as closely as I used to. Unless it's my Vols, of course, but then they kept losing last year at first and I thought I was a jinx so ... look, never mind. I don't get to watch college football as much I used to, OK?
I did happen to catch a few Clemson games, and at a glance, this kid Lawson really impressed me. One thing I've learned since I started doing draft profiles, however, is that sometimes when you have a look a little closer you find out you may have sorely underestimated or overestimated just how good some of these college players are. I figured with a little more scrutiny I would have a better idea of just how good Lawson was or wasn't.
In the five games I watched, Shaq Lawson showed just about everything you generally want to see from an edge player. They looked good setting the edge against the run.
They looked as almost as comfortable standing up in a two-point stance as they did with their hand in the dirt in a three-point stance.
They consistently used pretty good technique to escape off run blocks and make plays in the backfield.
They showed some good instinctive pass rush qualities including the ability to turn their hips toward the quarterback while rushing and having a feel for when they were about to rush to deep and instead countering back inside.
They also looked pretty natural out in space in their zone drops and even when playing a little bit of man to man-to-man.
The one thing they didn't always show is the one thing most edge guys really need: the ability to win around the corner consistently.
I talked about this with Joey Bosa and the same seems to apply to Lawson. Usually, you are going to have to be able to turn the corner 7-8 yards deep in order to get offensive linemen to bail out of their stances which then in turns gets them all out of whack and makes them much easier to beat. If you can't do that, you're going to get stuck a lot at the level of the quarterback, unable to continue around the corner to make the play and unable to come inside because the offensive tackle isn't over committed to stopping a wide rush.
Trust me, it's a shitty place to be, I know from experience. I just figured Lawson maybe was quicker than actually fast from their tape and that's why they aren't the turning the corner even tighter. Even when they beat guys around the edge, it was usually around 9 or 10 yards depth or more.
Then I looked up Lawson's combine numbers and now I'm like ... something doesn't add up here.
It was apparent watching Lawson's tape that they were athletic, but theirs get off was inconsistent and they didn't always look that fast, whether trying to pass rush or running to the ball. Yet this guy ran a 4.7 flat 40 which, while not necessarily blazing, is a pretty good time for an edge guy and definitely faster than I thought they would run based on their film. Keep in mind while Bosa has Lawson by a couple of inches in height, they were only a pound apart when it comes to weight. Bosa ran a 4.86, but ...
Lawson's 4.21 in the short shuttle was a damned good time for him, as well. Hell, they ended up being a top combine performer in both categories, so the fact that they aren't beating tackles around the edge more consistently was damn near baffling. I already knew they were athletic watching the film, but with these numbers I would have expected more wins with speed rushes. It bothered me enough that I went and re-watched all the games a fourth time just to be sure.
I'm still not 100 percent sure of the disconnect between their testing and their film, but I guess some of it could certainly be attributed to Lawson's inconsistent get off, especially when they were standing up in a two-point stance. When a guy runs a 1.66 in the first 10 yards of their 40, you expect to see them explode off the ball when it's snapped in the game. That just wasn't always the case with Lawson, and that split second delay can, and usually is, the difference between making a play and getting your ass blocked in the NFL.
I thought they were a little better with theirs get off out of a three-point stance, but it still wasn't consistently explosive enough to match up with their testing.
The good news is that get off is something that can definitely be improved with work. A lot of it has to do with learning what to key on and really emphasizing it in practice every day. My old defensive line coach Rod Marinelli, now the defensive coordinator for the Cowboys, used to start every single practice with get offs and either you got better at it or you got gone.
Lawson is still pretty young coming out as a junior and only 21, so I would expect that they can improve that part of their game if they work hard at it. That can sometimes be a big "if," so anybody thinking about taking Lawson had better be sure they have a strong work ethic. We'll circle back to this later.
When it comes to their pass rush, Lawson's hand work on their edge rushes needs work, too. All too many times they didn't appear to be very precise with them when they were trying to make a move. Anybody can just swipe their hands randomly and wildly at offensive linemen to try to make it look like they're doing something, but those moves are generally dog shit with a very low probability of success. Those guys are basically hoping and praying that if they swipe with their hands hard enough they will just so happen to hit the offensive lineman's hands and come free.
It doesn't always work that way.
To be consistently effective with any hand move, you need to be able to time an offensive lineman's punch -- news flash, most good offensive linemen like to drill technique a lot so their steps and punch are always coordinated. That means, TA DAH, if you watch enough film and are coordinated enough yourself, you can time their punch in order to defeat it.
You also have to know where they like to target. Some offensive linemen punch high near the bottom of the facemask, some the shoulder, some the middle of your chest. Once you know where they are throwing their hands and when you are throwing their hands, you use your hands to intercept theirs.
That guessing shit will work from time to time against rando college left tackles, but if you can't learn how to anticipate a guy's punch and intercept their hands on edge rushes once you get to the league, as the great philosopher Bubba Sparxx once said, it's gone get uuuugly.
Lawson did win on the edge from time to time, but I definitely got the impression they were guessing with the hands most of the time. Had they been more precise with them on some of the edge rushes where they didn't make it around the corner, they would've had more success in that area.
Once again, if they are willing to work, Lawson should definitely be able to get better in that area if they get drafted to a team with a good defensive line coach.
I wanted to be fair and point out that Lawson did win on the edge at times. I didn't want anybody to get the wrong impression. It also helps explain the success they had with some of their counter moves. Most folks would label them a speed rusher based on the five games I watched. They won enough around the edge that offensive tackles, when they weren't getting help from hating ass guards and or running backs, did feel the need to bail out at times. To their credit, Lawson was decisive enough and athletic enough to make them pay for being over extended more than a few times.
The dude had some absolutely beautiful spin moves in those five games, but for that help the offensive tackles got, they probably would've had at least five more sacks in that span. Maybe more.
I also really liked the way Lawson transitioned from some of their power rushes to a level rush inside. So many times you see a guy knock the offensive tackle back a couple steps initially, but then get stuck on the block after the tackle sits down on the rusher's power.
The reason usually comes down to not wanting to be wrong about where the quarterback is. If you come off a power rush outside then sometimes the quarterback steps up and avoids the pressure. If you come off a power rush inside, especially if your escape off the block isn't clean, there's the distinct possibility that you lose containment.
Lawson usually had a knack for feeling when the blocker was about to try to sit down on their power, and they hit their escape move in that moment to leave the blocker standing there. Even if they didn't get the sack -- which was weirdly the case on their good rushes more often than I normally like to see -- they usually got enough pressure to give one of their teammates an opportunity to take the quarterback down.
Basically, Lawson is just a good football player. Not everything was perfect, but you can see on tape that they understand the game and instinctively knows how to make plays. That's the kind of guy I usually like because all you need to do is fine-tune some technique things and they should be good to go. And when everything isn't perfect, you need those kinds of instinctive guys who can still find a way to make something happen.
That's why Lawson impressed me. However, I thought they took a few plays off. Yes, they were usually on the back side of plays they probably couldn't have made anyway, but when I see a dude who needs to work on their technique in order to be successful on the next level, it makes me nervous as hell if I see them loafing. I need to know that Lawson is a worker in order to pull the trigger on them early after watching this film. I would be open to hearing any mitigating factors that may have been at play in these cases, but I would want to talk to all of their coaches and even some teammates about how self motivated they are.
Do they do just what is asked of him, or a little more? How do they take constructive criticism? Am I going to have to drag them in or out of the weight room?
If I get good answers to all of my questions, I think Lawson is definitely a top half of the first round-type guy with their potential and the fact that they could fit into just about any scheme based on their tape and testing. If I didn't get good answers to every single one, I might not pick them in the first round at all.
It is what it is.
Since I don't have access to all-22 for college football games, I use the next best thing for my draft profiles and go to Draft Breakdown where they have the TV copy for a bunch of top prospects already cut up and ready to go. Also, their site is compatible with the new NoHuddle app, which turns your cell phone into a "cowboy clicker," which is pretty damn neat. For the purposes of this breakdown I watched Clemson outside linebacker Shaq Lawson play against Notre Dame, Miami, NC State, Florida State and North Carolina. Those represented the fourth, seventh, eighth, ninth and 13th games on Clemson's schedule last season, respectively.
I was feeling down today because I can't go home for Christmas this year so this gift arrived at exactly the right time! The first thing I opened was the Scottie dog bracelet. I almost cried happy tears it was so perfect! My Santa figured out I had a Scottie growing up and love dainty jewellery so MADE me this beautiful bracelet. I was already over the moon but the package was full to bursting with my favourite chocolate and shortbread (Santa did their research!) as well as some scottie dog shortbread ( the best combination!). There was even some delicious looking Canadian cookies that I can't wait to try. Finally the icing on the cake was some lovely warm mittens which is great because it suddenly got really cold in Japan. I love everything! Thank you thank you Santa :D
The most effective way to change the world if you have kids is to treat them right. Everything could change in one generation if there were a radical shift in parenting.
Unfortunately, some indicators suggest things are getting worse. For instance, there has been an increase in kids hospitalized for attempted suicide or suicidal indicators.
Now we can just hope that parents are becoming more alert to the warning signs and are therefore properly identifying them early in order to prevent suicide.
But the most concerning thing is that these incidents tend to be concentrated at certain times of the year. One of the most likely times for a kid to need a hospital visit because of suicidal tendencies or attempts is in the fall when school starts back up.
There are two probable reasons for this. One, being ridiculed and bullied by their peers makes kids feel like social outcasts, and transitioning to a new school year could increase that. Evolution has programmed the human mind to want acceptance of the group for survival reasons, so being ostracized can make you literally feel like you are going to die because if this was 10,000 years ago, you probably would.
And then there are the drugs. You know, the legalized forms of cocaine and hero that we give to kids to make them alert, focused, or calm, and manageable. There are all sorts of side effects to the drugs, and based on the spiking and dropping levels of dopamine and other chemicals in the brain, this can cause erratic behavior.
But either way, the school system seems to be the root of the problem, whether it is exposing kids to negative people they don't need in their lives, drugs to help them function “normally” in an abnormal school environment, or just the unnatural environment itself where one is trapped, caged, and coerced in order to prepare them for an equally coercive society afterwards.
Coercion is Ruining Society
It turns out coercion is a serious problem that can lead to mental health issues. Coercion might even cause most of the ills we see in society today. The same thing that makes a teenager lash out and act erratically in opposition to strict rules is what makes people do crazy things in a society dominated by arbitrary and oppressive government edicts.
According to Bruce Levin, PhD, in their article, Societies With Little Coercion Have Little Mental Illness:
Coercion—the use of physical, legal, chemical, psychological, financial, and other forces to gain compliance—is intrinsic to our society's employment, schooling, and parenting. However, coercion results in fear and resentment, which are fuels for miserable marriages, unhappy families, and what we today call mental illness.
It Starts With Your Kids
Most parents have their kids' best interests at heart when parenting, yet some still treat their child like a wild animal that must be broken. So many people in our society would have no idea what to do with freedom because all they have ever known is oppression. It starts in childhood, and evidence suggests that a more free child leads to a happier adult.
Levin points out that some cultures see very little mental illness, and they suggest it is because of the way the children are reared.
For many indigenous peoples, even the majority rule that most Americans call democracy is problematically coercive, as it results in the minority feeling resentful. Roland Chrisjohn, member of the Oneida Nation of the Confederacy of the Haudenausaunee (Iroquois) and author of The Circle Game, points out that for their people, it is deemed valuable to spend whatever time necessary to achieve consensus so as to prevent such resentment. By the standards of Western civilization, this is highly inefficient. “Achieving consensus could take forever!” exclaimed an attendee of a talk that I heard given by Chrisjohn, who responded, “What else is there more important to do?” Among indigenous societies, there are many accounts of a lack of mental illness, a minimum of coercion, and wisdom that coercion creates resentment which fractures relationships.
How could we expect coercion to yield results as positive as agreement? All interaction should be voluntary; you cannot have positive ends if you do not use positive means to achieve those ends. I am not a parent, and I don't expect perfection from anyone, but parents should at least try to solve issues with their kids without being so forceful and coercive.
Let kids be who they want to be, with the steady hand of your guidance, not an iron fist. Clearly, a child cannot always get what they want, and I am not advocating giving in to any random whim. Just realize how important freedom is for children in order to grow and learn.
This is why the public school system is horribly damaging to a large percentage of children. That is not the only nor best way to learn, and in fact really just teaches obedience to authority. Public schooling sets children up to be mindless drones in the work world, where they will be used to the coercion, but not happy about it.
[Jared] Diamond, in The World Until Yesterday (2012), reports how laissez-faire parenting is “not unusual by the standards of the world's hunter-gatherer societies, many of which consider young children to be autonomous individuals whose desires should not be thwarted.” Diamond concludes that by our society's attempt to control children for what we believe is their own good, we discourage those traits we admire: “Other Westerners and I are struck by the emotional security, self-­confidence, curiosity, and autonomy of members of small-scale societies, not only as adults but already as children. We see that people in small-scale societies spend far more time talking to each other than we do, and they spend no time at all on passive entertainment supplied by outsiders, such as television, videogames, and books. We are struck by the precocious development of social skills in their children. These are qualities that most of us admire, and would like to see in our own children, but we discourage development of those qualities by ranking and grading our children and constantly ­telling them what to do.”
Bravo to home-schoolers and free range parenting. They are ahead of the curve by going back to the basics.
Then It's Your Job…
I don't believe the reason so much hate going to work is not the work itself, but the fact that we cannot act like ourselves when at work. We feel coerced in one way or another into not being who we want to be. This is a mild form of coercion, one that often doesn't go beyond venting over a beer after work, or every once in a while both middle fingers and: “I quit!” screamed at the boss.
But is the quiet desperation of a 9-5 you hate–saving for retirement, but probably drinking yourself to death before you get to enjoy it–really the way to live? What if we couldn't afford cable, couldn't afford a new car, or a perfect house–but were happy?
Critics of schooling—from Henry David Thoreau, to Paul Goodman, to John Holt, to John Taylor Gatto—have understood that coercive and unengaging schooling is necessary to ensure that young people more readily accept coercive and unengaging employment. And as I also reported in that same article, a June 2013 Gallup poll revealed that 70% of Americans hate their jobs or have checked out of them. Unengaging employment and schooling require all kinds of coercions for participation, and human beings pay a psychological price for this. In nearly three decades of clinical practice, I have found that coercion is often the source of suffering… In all societies, there are coercions to behave in culturally agreed-upon ways. For example, in many indigenous cultures, there is peer pressure to be courageous and honest. However, in modernity, we have institutional coercions that compel us to behave in ways that we do not respect or value. Parents, afraid their children will lack credentials necessary for employment, routinely coerce their children to comply with coercive schooling that was unpleasant for these parents as children. And though 70% of us hate or are disengaged from our jobs, we are coerced by the fear of poverty and homelessness to seek and maintain employment. In our society, we are taught that accepting institutional coercion is required for survival. We discover a variety of ways—including drugs and alcohol—to deny resentment.
And the government is perfectly happy with the arrangement because it is easier to control–and tax–“normal” people who just go to work every day.
Government Enforces and Exacerbates the Problem
We cannot even live on a piece of land without being coerced by government to earn some money in order to pay the property taxes. But we have to earn more than the amount owed in property taxes because we are taxed on our earnings as well. We are taxed on the vehicle and gas that gets us to work, which require more work to pay off–earnings, again, that must go above and beyond what we need because it will be taxed.
Could this be the overlooked factor that makes America more violent than some other developed nations? Has the American government piled so many laws, regulations, and statutes on top of each other that American citizens can't just go through life without being told perfectly normal, non-violent behavior is wrong?
I think this highlights the problem with mass shootings that many have been pointing out. Whoever the shooters feel they are being oppressed by, they are correctly identifying that they are being coerced. Of course, their response is insane, and probably related to the drugs they take (some of which we also give kids), but there would never be a need for drugs if a coercive society had not reared them.
The hopelessness felt when being forced to spend money, behave a certain way, or not do something you want to do, is one of those gut wrenching deep feelings of despair that grow inside some people until they burst.
But now imagine that the government has taken everything from you. Imagine if they took your car as a civil asset forfeiture? What if your tax burden is 50%? What if you give up on that business you want to start because of the pile of paperwork and extra costs required by the government?
What if they take your kids because they are home schooled, or shoot your dog for no reason whatsoever? All these things happen, unfortunately relatively regularly, in America.
Many of us are baffled by why someone would become a terrorist, especially a suicide bomber. Again, this is the coercion the Middle East is smothered in by the USA. Imagine losing your childhood because you could not go outside because of the American drones. Imagine family members having been murdered by laughing soldiers. Imagine all your hopes and dreams bombed away in the blink of an eye. Again, this is the unfortunate reality for many people today.
In the 1970s, prior to the domination of the biopsychiatry-Big Pharma partnership, many mental health professionals took seriously the impact of coercion and resentful relationships on mental health. And in a cultural climate more favorable than our current one for critical reflection of society, authors such as Erich Fromm, who addressed the relationship between society and mental health, were taken seriously even within popular culture. But then psychiatry went to bed with Big Pharma and its Big Money, and their partnership has helped bury the commonsense reality that an extremely coercive society creates enormous fear and resentment, which results in miserable marriages, unhappy families, and severe emotional and behavioral problems.
Ex-CIA Directors Want Obama To Kill Justice Department's Torture Probe
George Tenet is one of seven former CIA directors who sent a letter to President Obama Friday urging them to stop a Justice Department review into torture.
Seven former directors of the CIA sent a letter to President Barack Obama Friday asking them to take the unprecedented step of personally blocking a Justice Department “review” of cases where agency officers and contractors allegedly exceeded legal guidelines during the interrogations of “war on terror” detainees.
The ex-directors claim the investigation authorized last month by Attorney General Eric Holder into will “only help Al Qaeda elude US intelligence and plan future operations” and “will continue to make it harder for intelligence officers to maintain the momentum of operations that have saved lives and helped protect America from further attacks.”
Those statements are nearly identical to warnings made by Republican lawmakers in recent weeks, which have been disputed by veteran interrogators and a former Bush administration official as a clear-cut attempt to shield top Bush officials who came up with the torture policies, in violation of anti-torture laws, from scrutiny.
Three of the former directors—George Tenet, Michael Hayden and Porter Goss—were personally involved in the policy discussions and decisions during George W. Bush's tenure that lead to the implementation of “enhanced interrogation techniques.” According to recently released documents, CIA headquarters in Langley micromanaged the torture of at least one high-value detainee, Abu Zubaydah, in 2002 when Tenet was CIA director.
Another former director who signed the letter, James Schlesinger, conducted an investigation into the abuse and torture of prisoners at the infamous Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.
The other three former directors are John Deutch, R. James Woolsey, both of who served in the Clinton administration and William Webster, a former federal judge who served as CIA director in the administration of George H.W. Bush and is currently chairperson of the Homeland Security Advisory Council. Tenet also served as CIA director during the last three years of the Clinton administration.
Repeatedly invoking 9/11 in their letter, the former CIA directors asked Obama to exercise [his] authority to reverse Attorney General Holder's August 24 decision to re-open the criminal investigation of CIA interrogations that took place following the attacks of September 11.”
Their request comes weeks after former Vice President Dick Cheney, during an interview with Fox News, said Obama, as the “chief law enforcement officer of the administration,” had the authority to thwart the Justice Department investigation.
“I think if you look at the Constitution, the President of the United States is the chief law enforcement officer in the land. The Attorney General's a statutory officer. He's a member of the cabinet. The President's the one who bears this responsibility.
“And for them to say, ‘gee, I didn't have anything to do with it,' especially after they sat in the Oval Office and said this wouldn't happen, then Holder decides he's going to do it.”
But Cheney and the former CIA directors have taken an expansive view of the Constitution, specifically Article II, which says, “The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States.”
In common practice and understanding, however, the attorney general is the nation's chief law enforcement officer. The attorney general “evolved over the years into chief law enforcement officer of the Federal Government,” according to the Department of Justice's website.
During the Bush administration, the Department of Justice was politicized and former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales used the agency to advance the policies of the Bush administration, an episode noted by no less than four investigations conducted by Justice Department watchdogs.
Furthermore, contrary to what Cheney claims, Obama never said there wouldn't be an investigation into torture. What they said, and what their political appointees have echoed to the dismay of civil liberties groups and some Democrats, is that they had hoped to “look forward” not “backwards” and that those CIA interrogators “who carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice that they will not be subject to prosecution.” They also added that the decision was ultimately up to Holder.
Jameel Jaffer, director of the ACLU's National Security Project, said if there is a problem with Holder's investigation its “focus is too narrow.”
“There is abundant evidence that torture was authorized at the highest levels of the Bush administration, and the Justice Department's investigation should be broad enough to encompass Bush administration lawyers and senior officials – including the CIA officials – who authorized torture,” they said.
But that is highly unlikely and in that sense, the probe is reminiscent of the investigations into Abu Ghraib, in which low-level MPs were court-martialed and imprisoned for acts that supposedly had not been sanctioned by their superiors, who included, among others, former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld.
Matthew Miller, a Justice Department spokesperson, made it clear Friday that the investigation authorized by Holder is simply a “preliminary review” and “that review will be narrowly-focused.”
“The Attorney General's decision to order a preliminary review into this matter was made in line with their duty to examine the facts and to follow the law,” Miller said. “As they have made clear, the Department of Justice will not prosecute anyone who acted in good faith and within the scope of the legal guidance given by the Office of Legal Counsel regarding the interrogation of detainees.”
Last month, Holder instructed Assistant U.S. Attorney John Durham to undertake a “preliminary” inquiry into whether some interrogators exceeded the parameters that the Bush administration placed on the treatment of “war on terror” detainees.
With Cheney's strong support, interrogators were permitted to engage in a variety of torture techniques, including the drowning sensation of waterboarding, but some interrogators allegedly engaged in practices outside those guidelines.
Durham is also investigating crimes related to the destruction of CIA torture tapes, a dozen of which show two high-value detainees being subjected to “enhanced interrogation techniques.”
Holder's decision came on the day the CIA released a declassified version of an inspector general's report on the agency's interrogation and detention program.
The May 2004 report prepared by CIA Inspector General John Helgerson said interrogators staged mock executions, revved a power drill and brandished a revolver during interrogations and threatened to kill the family of self-professed 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and rape the wife of another high-value detainee, Abd Al-Rahim Al Nashiri.
Threatening prisoners in custody of the U.S. government with imminent death is a violation of the Convention Against Torture.
Helgerson also investigated the deaths of detainees in U.S. custody, but the details of those cases were redacted.
The ex-CIA directors claim, like other critics of the probe, that career federal prosecutors in the Eastern District of Virginia had already spent considerable time probing cases Helgerson referred to the Justice Department and “determined that one prosecution (of a CIA contractor) was warranted. A conviction was later obtained. They determined that prosecutions were not warranted in the other cases.”
“The CIA, at its own initiative, forwarded fewer than 20 instances where Agency officers appeared to have acted beyond their existing legal authorities…,” the CIA directors' letter says. “In a number of these cases the CIA subsequently took administrative disciplinary steps against the individuals involved.”
Jane Mayer, in their book The Dark Side, said there was a mountain of evidence to support prosecutions and a belief by some “insiders that [Helgerson's investigation] would end with criminal charges for abusive interrogations.”
But top Justice Department officials, including former head of the criminal division Michael Chertoff, their deputy Alice Fisher and Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty, allowed the cases to languish and may have even scuttled the probes to protect the Bush White House.
McNulty resigned in disgrace two years ago and is under scrutiny by a special prosecutor investigating the firings of nine US attorneys. McNulty faces obstruction of justice and perjury charges related to their February 2007 testimony to Congress about the ordeal.
The former CIA directors said the Holder's “decision to re-open the criminal investigation creates an atmosphere of continuous jeopardy for those whose cases the Department of Justice had previously declined to prosecute.”
“Moreover, there is no reason to expect that the re-opened criminal investigation will remain narrowly focused,” they wrote.
But according to a report in Saturday's Washington Post, that's exactly what appears to be happening.
“The Justice Department's review of detainee abuse by the CIA will focus on a very small number of cases, including at least one in which an Afghan prisoner died at a secret facility, according to two sources briefed on the matter,” the Post reported.
“Although earlier reports indicated that Durham would look into 10 cases, a source said recently the number is much smaller,” according to the Post. In all, 24 alleged abuse cases were earlier referred to federal prosecutors by the CIA inspector general, of which 22 were declined, according to a letter in February 2008 from a Justice Department legislative liaison.”
The Post, citing unnamed sources, also said that a report by the Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility on legal advice related to interrogations attorneys in the agency's Office of Legal Counsel gave to the Bush administration “does not point to problems with attorneys in the Eastern District of Virginia… but it does explore differences of opinion within the working group that examined the detainee allegations over how to proceed on the few cases that were ‘close calls.'
“In a small number of instances, career lawyers disagreed about whether the evidence was sufficient to seek indictment and ultimately win in court. Some of those issues were assessed — as is normally the case — by political appointees, including Paul J. McNulty, the U.S. Attorney in the Eastern District of Virginia who was nominated to serve as deputy attorney general in October 2005. There are no allegations that cases were rejected for improper political reasons.”
In an interview two weeks ago with the German magazine Der Spiegel, Helgerson said Holder “had no choice” but to authorize an investigation.
But, “at the end of the day, I think they will find it is not feasible to prosecute anyone who participated in the approved program,” Helgerson said. “I personally would not prosecute. There are a number of complex and mitigating circumstances in all these cases, including the passage of time, the nature of the evidence, and — importantly — the clear absence of any criminal intent.”
The bumper sticker is popping up all over Baker, along with the number of bumpers now heading into one of Denver's most eclectic neighborhoods since the recent opening of the sprawling Punch Bowl Social:
“Keep LoDo Off Broadway.”
The face of any hip neighborhood is always changing; that's part of what makes it hip. But Baker, which has avoided the same fiscal cliff that has left much of Denver economically dangling for the past decade, just got more than a face-lift. It got a whole new face.
The Punch Bowl is bringing up to 900 more people into a thriving, independent shopping and entertainment strip that takes pride in being the anti-LoDo.
“This isn't just a little change,” said Jim Norris, co-owner of the nearby 3 Kings bar and rock club. “This is a drastic change.”
And it's a change that promises both headaches and opportunities for business owners and the residents who densely populate Baker along both sides of Broadway.
The Baker playpen spans roughly six blocks of Broadway from the Mayan Theatre (at First Avenue) south to Gary Lee's restaurant near Alameda Avenue. And every time you blink, something is different. The lineup of funky, home-grown specialty shops now includes the Artemisia & Rue herbal alchemy, a “natural pet store” called Paws and a new coffee shop named Happy. Both an Illegal Pete's and an ale house called New Historians are in the works.
But despite being locally owned, the Punch Bowl represents one of the biggest infusions of bar-based cash into Baker. Located at 65 Broadway, the Punch Bowl offers dining, bowling and game-playing of all sorts in a loud nightclub atmosphere owners will bring to five other major cities in the next two years, starting with Portland. At 24,000 square feet, the Punch Bowl is instantly twice as big as any other entertainment offering in Baker. And that already has altered the character of the neighborhood.
“They're certainly bringing more people to Baker,” said Denver City Councilwoman Judy Montero. “And with more people, neighborhoods tend to experience growing pains like parking, noise and increased traffic.”
Residents already have successfully lobbied the city's Department of Public Works into studying possible parking restrictions on residential streets, a process that will take several months. The 3 Kings' Norris, who also lives in the neighborhood, said that could make it even harder than it already is for employees and patrons to find places to park. Other residents are more ambivalent about the parking problem because Baker attracts so many habitants who use alternative forms of transportation.
Of greater concern to those proudly outcast denizens who frequent Baker is the type of partier the Punch Bowl will attract. Norris says the LoDo infusion is most noticeable at closing time, when there are now “hundreds of drunk, sweaty dudes … pouring out into the street at the same time.”
But at a time of continued economic malaise, the Punch Bowl brings real economic benefits to the city.
“Bringing in more people can mean bringing more investment and vibrant activity to neighborhoods that have otherwise been relatively dormant,” said Montero. “Depending on who you talk to, some may feel this is a good thing or a bad thing.”
Baker residents Gloria Shanstrom and Andrew Johnsen say, “Good thing.” The value of Shanstrom's Baker home has increased by about 83 percent in the past 10 years, they said. And while Johnsen first welcomed news that the long-abandoned Big Lots store was to become a Sunflower Market, “the Punch Bowl is a welcome addition,” they said, “as it will continue to attract the skinniest jeans anyone has ever seen this far inland.”
Baker resident Brian Freeland says, “Bad thing.” The “Toilet Bowl,” as they call it, adds little to the neighborhood. “I was out on Saturday night, and I didn't recognize my own neighborhood,” they said. “Go Sushi decided to up the (jerk) factor by adding outdoor speakers to thump out their smooth version of ‘techno.' I miss the days when the gays and punks would scare off the tourists.”
But the story of Baker could easily be the story of Highlands. Or RiNo. The universal thing about neighborhoods is what constitutes the good old days depends on when you got there.
“The neighborhood has changed quite a bit since I've lived here,” said Baker resident Evan Weissman. “We've lost some of the used bookstores and sex shops and gained some restaurants and boutique shops. We've still got dive bars and tattoo shops, and they work just fine next to trendy restaurants and craft stores.”
And while Punch Bowl is taking a few punches for the changes it has brought, the trend toward a bigger Baker has actually been underway for several years, including the opening of a new rooftop bar above the Irish Rover that tripled the pub's capacity.
“Do I fear that we are becoming the LoDo on South Broadway? Kind of,” said Johnsen. “I do miss the old ‘SoBo.' Being completely freaked out when walking into the Brown Barrel with the bright lights fully on … I'm assuming that was so we'd appreciate the real age of their pickled eggs.”
Nostalgia aside, they added, “We know progression is good. Progression brings people, which brings demand, which brings more people who fix up houses and make for a better place to live. Hopefully, we can continue to keep the eclectic nature of the neighborhood. Here's to trying.”
Even though Norris fears the Punch Bowl will splinter Baker into two communities — big money and little money — they admit, “There are plenty of positive things, too.” Like the possibility the newly wayward LoDo crowd might dare to walk across the street from the Punch Bowl and take a peek inside their own 3 Kings.
Montero is certain a harmony can be achieved. “I think Baker is becoming even more of a thriving and vibrant neighborhood,” they said. “At the same time, I see us balancing these changes with preserving the stability of families who have lived in this neighborhood for many generations.”
MOSCOW — Russia on Thursday offered sympathy to North Korea amid the Sony hacking scandal, saying the movie that sparked the dispute was so scandalous that Pyongyang's anger was “quite understandable.”
Washington failed to offer any proof to back its claims of Pyongyang's involvement in the hacking, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Alexander Lukashevich said at a briefing, adding that the U.S. threats of retaliation were “counterproductive.”
The U.S. has blamed Pyongyang for the recent cyberattack on Sony Pictures, which produced The Interview, a comedy depicting the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. Pyongyang has denied a role in the hacking, but also praised it as a “righteous deed.”
Sony initially decided not to release the film because of threats against U.S. cinemas, but released the movie online Wednesday.
Russia's ties with the communist North soured after the 1991 Soviet collapse, but have improved under President Vladimir Putin's watch. Moscow has taken part in international efforts to help mediate the standoff over Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs, although its diplomatic efforts have had little visible effect.
Last week, the Kremlin said that it had invited Kim to Moscow in May to attend festivities marking the 70th anniversary of the victory over Nazi Germany.
Commenting on the Sony hack scandal, Lukashevich said that “the concept of the movie is so aggressive and scandalous, that the reaction of the North Korean side, and not just it, is quite understandable.”
They went on to say that Pyongyang had offered to conduct a joint investigation into the incident, adding that the proposal could help ease tensions and reflected a “sincere desire of the North Korean side to study the issue in detail.”
“We perceive the U.S. threats to take revenge and calls on other nations to condemn the Democratic People's Republic of Korea as absolutely counterproductive and dangerous, as they only would add tensions to the already difficult situation on the Korean Peninsula and could lead to further escalation of conflict,” Lukashevich said.
Missy Elliott's critically acclaimed guest appearance during Katy Perry's Super Bowl halftime show is translating into MONEY.
According to sources, sales for Missy Elliott's music collection has increased by 1,000 percent. In less than one week more than 70,000 downloads for Missy Elliot records have been sold.
Elliott performed a medley of three tunes during Perry's halftime spectacular: “Get Ur Freak On,” “Work It” and “Lose Control.” They are each aiming to sell around 15,000 to 20,000 downloads for the week. In the previous week, each sold around 1,000 downloads, according to Nielsen. “Work It” looks to be the halftime show's biggest seller, as it may shift around 20,000 downloads.
Meanwhile, Katy Perry's biggest-selling song of the week could be “Roar,” which opened the show, as it may sell around 17,000.
Perry's collected songs could sell over 100,000 — gaining perhaps 75 percent compared to the previous week (57,000).
What do you think?Discuss this story with fellow Project Casting fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @projectcasting.
Image Credit: (Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)
MILWAUKEE—Marveling at their extraordinary ability to learn the ropes at the technology firm and quickly fit right in with the rest of their colleagues, sources at Starpoint Solutions confirmed Thursday that impressive new hire Eric Myers has already figured out the bare minimum of work their job requires on the very first day. “The second Eric showed up today, they sat right down at their desk, fired off a few quick emails, and then spent the next couple hours browsing Facebook—he's really got the hang of this,” said coworker Janice Grant, who expressed a deep respect for how swiftly Myers learned the ins and outs of putting in an hour or two of minor effort, telling supervisors that they were going to need extra time to work on assignments, and then coasting through the rest of the workday. “It took me a few months before I had a firm grasp on cutting corners, blowing off tasks, and doing a half-assed job on stuff so I could just kick back most of the day. Eric's a natural, though; they just has an innate knack for phoning it in.” At press time, several employees were reportedly shaking their heads in surprise and admiration after noticing their new coworker had taken an hour and a half for lunch.
Advertisement
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lt Andy Neiman: ''It's been a very trying time.. for all of those involved''
California police say they have found a body in a burnt-out cabin where murder suspect Christopher Dorner is believed to have made their deadly last stand.
The 33-year-old former police officer is thought to have exchanged fire with police after barricading themselves in.
A single gunshot was later heard inside the building, as flames engulfed it.
One officer was killed and another injured during the shoot-out. Dorner is also accused earlier of shooting dead a young couple and a police officer.
Forensic tests will determine if the charred remains found in the razed cabin after Tuesday night's siege are those of Dorner.
The gunman had sworn revenge on police officers they blamed for their sacking in 2008.
'Bittersweet night'
The search moved to the area of Big Bear Lake, a ski resort 80 miles (130km) east of Los Angeles, last Thursday after the suspect's burnt-out truck was found there.
San Bernardino County Sheriff's spokesperson Cynthia Bachman said of the remains: "We have reason to believe that it is him."
The manifesto meaning In suicides, says Jack Digliani, a police psychologist with the Loveland, Colorado Police Department, police officers are more likely to leave a note than the general population. Dorner left a manifesto, sent to a media station before they allegedly committed their first crimes. "In many cases, a manifesto reads like a suicide note," says Digliani. Dorner's lengthy manifesto, they said, had similar hallmarks, including a section thanking those who helped him. The manifesto, says Digliani, also offers insight into how Dorner could have turned from criminal to cop. "It's [presented as] a righteous cause," they say. "It's two-fold. One is to change the LAPD, the other is to reclaim their name and their reputation. This is the avenger/crusader perspective: 'I don't want to do this, but it's the only way to accomplish the goal.'" Police officers who kill
An officer briefed on the investigation told the Associated Press news agency that a driver's licence naming Dorner was found in the burned cabin with the body.
But Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said they were not considering the situation over until tests confirmed the remains were Dorner's.
"It is a bittersweet night," Mr Beck told the Los Angeles Times.
Tuesday's shoot-out began when officials from California's wildlife agency were searching for a car reported stolen in the area.
A woman reportedly told police they had been tied up by the suspect when they and another woman had entered an empty house to clean it. They managed to get free, but they had taken the car.
As wildlife officials searched for that stolen vehicle, a different pickup truck sped erratically towards the officials, department spokesperson Lt Patrick Foy said, with the driver firing on them.
After the truck ran off the road and crashed into a snow bank, a man matching Dorner's description was seen running to a cabin where they barricaded themselves in.
$1m reward
Reports say the police fired tear gas into the building and used a loudspeaker to urge the gunman to surrender.
Officials used a demolition vehicle to tear down the walls of the cabin.
Image caption Christopher Dorner also had military experience
Shortly afterwards, a single gunshot was heard inside the building as fire began to spread through the cabin. It is not clear how the blaze started.
Los Angeles police officials had offered a $1m (£630,000) reward for information leading to Dorner's arrest, receiving more than 1,000 tips.
The former Navy reservist is suspected of killing three people in a spree across southern California, including a police officer.
Police have been protecting about 50 families, many belonging to former LAPD colleagues, against whom Dorner had vowed revenge for allegedly ruining their career.
They were fired for making false statements, after making a complaint against their field training officer, saying they had kicked a suspect during an arrest.
Their killing spree began on 3 February when they shot dead the daughter of a former police captain who represented them at their police disciplinary board, and their fiance.
Dorner apparently believed the woman's father, Randal Quan, had not defended them adequately.
In an online manifesto, Dorner, who is black, suggested that racism was still rife in the LAPD.
It was an unwelcome allegation for a department that overhauled itself after the notorious police beating in 1991 of a black man, Rodney King.
At the weekend, the LAPD's chief of police said the department would re-examine the case that led to Dorner losing their job, a key grievance in the suspect's online essay.
They said the move was to demonstrate transparency and "not to appease a murderer".
Due to a lack of total vertical integration and heavy focus on IP licensing, one of the more interesting aspects of the SoC development pipeline is that we get to see the architectures and chips developed and announced in a very decoupled fashion. As opposed to the PC industry where there is heavy vertical integration and architectures are usually announced close to (if not at the same time as) the first silicon and even the first finished products, in the SoC space we will frequently see the complete development cadence in public – architectures, chips, and finally finished products. This has its own ups and downs, and while it means we'll potentially hear about a new architecture long before it's available in a product, on the other hand we get a lot more visibility into what's coming down the development pipeline, at least for companies that develop IP for licensing or purchase it for use in their SoCs.
This brings us to the matter of ARM and today's announcements. As a massive ISA, CPU, and GPU licenser, ARM's product lineup is the textbook case for early visibility. At a time when the first high-end 20nm SoCs are just now hitting consumer devices in products such as the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 International and Apple iPhone 6, ARM's development pipeline and product marketing teams are already looking at next year's products and what processor designs to prepare for them. For ARM's GPU group in particular, whom now functionally operates on a yearly release cadence, the roll-out of Mali 700 equipped devices means that it's time to announce the designs for next year's GPUs.
To that end, today ARM is announcing the Mali 800 series. Designed for inclusion in 2015+ SoCs, the Mali 800 series is the immediate successor to the current Mali 700 series. From an architectural standpoint Mali 800 is still based on the same common Midgard architecture that the Mali 600 and Mali 700 series are based on, and as a result from an architectural standpoint there isn't much to discuss. Midgard and its unusual all-ILP/no-TLP architecture is still a modern GPU architecture that supports up to OpenGL ES 3.1, the Android Extension Pack, and Direct3D 11.1, so from that standpoint ARM has little reason to change.
Consequently while still based on Midgard, the 800 series is a successive round of optimization for the Midgard designs. For this generation ARM has focused on further improving Midgard's area and power efficiency while adding a handful of new features not found in the existing Mali 700 series. This refresh spans from ARM's highest-end designs to lowest-end designs, and coupled with Mali's multi-core scalability spans the SoC GPU market from top to bottom.
The Midgard Shader Core
ARM Mali 800 Series T860 T830 T820 Core Configurations 1-16 1-4 1-4 ALU Pipes Per Core 2 2 1 Texture Units Per Core 1 1 1 FLOPs (FP32 MAD) 20 - 320 FLOPs 20 - 80 FLOPs 10 - 40 FLOPs OpenGL ES ES 3.1 + AEP ES 3.1 + AEP ES 3.1 + AEP Direct3D FL 11_1 FL 9_3 FL 9_3 10-Bit YUV Yes Optional Optional
Mali-T860
We'll start off with ARM's new high-end Mali design, the Mali-T860. With ARM reforming their product naming with the Mali 700 series ARM's lineup is now much easier to follow, and as given away by the T860's design it's the immediate successor to the T760.
Like T760 before it, T860 is ARM's most feature packed and most powerful Mali design. The underlying design uses the more common Midgard 2 arithmetic pipelines per core configuration, with the overall design being scalable to up to 16 cores. Coupled with the single texture unit per core, the throughput of a T860 design can scale from 20 FLOPs (10 MADs) and 1 texel per clock up to 320 FLOPs and 16 texels per clock. As a result this design can also be scaled up and down as needed to cover both phones and tablets just by varying the number of cores.
From a functionality standpoint, T860 will be the only Mali 800 part to support the 800 series' fullest feature set. Specifically, support for Direct3D feature level 11_1 is limited to T860. Otherwise common to the entire 800 series, T860 also supports OpenGL ES 3.1, the Android Extension Pack, and OpenCL 1.2.
Meanwhile one notable feature addition for the Mali 800 family is support for native (and full speed) 10-bit YUV input and output. At the moment this feature addition is going to be of limited value, but HEVC is expected to make significant use of 10-bit YUV, so adding support here is laying the groundwork for HEVC in future products, and for that matter will go hand-in-hand with ARM's new video processing block and display controller block, which are also being announced today.
Elsewhere from a performance standpoint ARM is offering the usual high level performance estimates. However it should be noted that these are compared to the two-generation old T628, and there aren't similar numbers to work from for T760. In any case, compared to T628 ARM expects an equal configuration T860 to be some 45% more energy efficient on the same process node. And seeing as how mobile performance gains are almost entirely an exercise in energy efficiency, this would represent a very significant increase in energy efficiency (and ultimately sustainable performance) for their designs.
ARM Frame Buffer Compression - From Our Look at Midgard Earlier This Year
That said, by making a two-generation old comparison ARM also gets to roll up the benefits of their AFBC frame buffer compression technology, which was first introduced on the Mali 700 series. AFBC is something the company is significantly banking on due to the high bandwidth savings, and ARM considers one of their greatest feature advantages for the 800 series as well as the 700 series.
Finally, something to also keep in mind though is that while ARM's same-node comparison is the fairest way to look at architectural efficiency, you're highly unlikely to see T628 manufactured on 20nm+ processes. So on top of the architectural gains over the years, the real world performance gains for T860 should be better still due to the newer process node.
Mali-T830 & Mali-T820
Also being announced today alongside the T860 and rounding out the new Mali 800 family are the T830 and T820. These parts are best described as ARM's low-end and mainstream designs, and are the successors to the T720. With Mali T860 essentially scaling down to cover most of the mid-range, the T820 and T830 are intended to be lower performance, lower power consuming parts that are optimized around power and die size needs.
For the Mali 800 series ARM is bifurcating the T720's market a bit to offer different blends of die size and performance. The T720's immediate successor is the T820, and like its predecessor is a one arithmetic pipeline design that is focused first and foremost on die size. Meanwhile new to the 800 series, though still a successor of sorts to the T720, is the Mali-T830. This is a more powerful design that while still focused on die size efficiency brings the number of pipelines to two per core (like T860), offering better performance in exchange for a slightly larger die size.
Other than the difference in the number of pipelines, the T820 and T830 designs are extremely similar. Both of them can be scaled up to 4 cores, allowing for some performance scaling. This puts the throughput of T820 designs at a range of 10 FLOPs and 1 texel per clock to 40 FLOPs and 4 texels per clock, while T830 will scale from 20/1 to 80/4 respectively.
From a feature standpoint, as previously mentioned only T860 gets the fullest Mali feature set while the other Mali 800 parts will be a bit more modest. T830 and T820 only support Direct3D up to feature level 9_3, while for the more mobile-centric world they will be on par with the T860 and support OpenGL ES 3.1 and the Android Extension Pack. Meanwhile 10-bit YUV support is present here, however for T820 and T830 it is an optional feature that will depend on which specific version of the core is licensed, so we will likely see a mix of retail products that do and do not include it.
Finally from a performance standpoint ARM is once again offering some high level guidance compared to the Mali 600 series, specifically the Mali-T622 in this case. Depending on the 800 design used, ARM tells us that performance should be up to 55% better or area efficiency will be 50% better. Presumably the area efficiency comparison is for T820 while the performance comparison is for T830.
Closing Thoughts
Launching alongside the new Mali GPUs today are a series of updates for the rest of ARM's graphics stack, which will see the Mali-V video block and Mali-DP display controllers updated respectively. Along with the general strength of the Mali GPUs, expect to see ARM focus heavy on the synergy between these parts, including their common support for AFBC and of course the benefits of having all graphics components developed together. We're covering these in another article, but we wanted to quickly point out where the Mali GPUs fit in the bigger picture of ARM's announcements today.
Finally, while ARM doesn't have complete control over consumer devices (since they only sell designs to chipmakers) they are providing a rough estimate of when to expect Mali 800 GPUs to begin appearing in devices. According to ARM we should expect to start seeing Mali 800 devices starting in late 2015, or roughly a year from now. This is consistent with the Mali 700 series, which having been announced almost a year ago to this day has started to show up in consumer devices very recently. To that end we would expect to start seeing Mali 800 SoC designs announced in the first half of next year, with consumer designs to follow as per ARM's timetable.
Dedicated Server Support for MGO
So by now I imagine we've all seen the trailer for MGO3, and if you're anything like me, you are so hyped. Seeing how this will be the first iteration of MGO to grace the PC, I don't think I'm alone here in asking to have dedicated server tools (preferrably ones for linux). I think the SaveMGO team has proven that there is a desire and a passion to keep these games alive. If users were given the ability to host dedicated servers, then MGO3 could live on as long as there are people playing it, long after the KJP Servers get shut down.
So KJP:LA, that is what I'm resquesting personally for this game.
As far as everyone else is concerned, you shouldn't sit on your hands either. Show some support for this idea so we can all still pop into some MGO3 years down the line.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
“What is the best way to decimate a community? Deny its people access to healthcare.”
“What is the best way to decimate a community? Shut down its largest employer.”
These questions were asked and answered by Tim Egan, CEO of Chicago's Roseland Community Hospital, last Sunday, January 15, as they opened their comments at a rally to defend the Affordable Care Act (ACA) against the GOP's ongoing efforts to repeal it. Hosted by the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) at its Chicago headquarters, the rally included such heavy-hitting speakers as Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL), Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, and SEIU President Mary Kay Henry, among others who shared their personal testimonies of how the ACA has literally saved their lives and how its repeal would certainly put their lives in danger.
Egan's speech was particularly compelling because it highlighted the GOP's hypocrisy when it comes to both improving the lives of average citizens and fostering fertile conditions for business. The Republicans like to represent themselves as the party with policies that help people by serving the interests of business, believing that policies that facilitate businesses by cutting taxes and eliminating regulations will improve the economy overall and create jobs, thus helping America's working-class majority, regardless of how low-wage the jobs might be. Speaking as a corporate CEO, though, and not one of the American masses Republicans typically ignore, Egan made plain and clear that from the corporate perspective repealing the ACA would be devastating for business as well as people, threatening the very existence of their hospital, a primary employer in the Roseland community, not to mention millions of lives.
In their comments, Schakowsky emphatically reiterated this reality that GOP policies are neither pro-business nor pro-people, pointing out that if Republicans repeal the ACA, Illinois is projected to lose 117,000 jobs in 2019 and 33 billion dollars in federal funding between 2019 and 2022, a devastating blow to an already faltering Illinois economy Rauner has done nothing positive to improve. Highlighting GOP hypocrisy, Schakowsky called out Illinois Republican Governor for their silence on the issue of the potential ACA repeal and their refusal to speak out against it in defense of the Illinois economy and its citizenry.
So what is the point of Republican policy that seems both economically and humanly destructive? As I have argued previously on the pages of PoliticusUsa regarding the Republicans and Rauner in particular, we need to understand Republican scorched earth policies such as we have seen Rauner's Illinois, Bobby Jindhal's Louisiana, Sam Brownback's Kansas, and Scott Walker's Wisconsin as not pro-business but pro-wealthy. This distinction is of vital importance if we are to understand the GOP agenda. The Republican project, as I've argued, is to re-distribute wealth to the top, acceleratingly so, not to help business and by extension, perhaps, the working-class majority. Egan's comments make this agenda clear.
Indeed, even the pro-business CNBC website has featured reports underscoring the far-reaching economic devastation and job-loss repealing the ACA would entail. Dan Mangan, for example, reports that according to a study from Milken Institute School of Public Health at George Washington University, the repeal of key provisions of the ACA would trigger massive job loss to the tune of potentially three million jobs in healthcare and other sectors as well as a 1.5 trillion reduction in gross state product from 2019 to 2023, triggering also a damaging slump in consumer spending. As Mangan puts it, “Spending less by getting rid of Obamacare could end up costing a whole lot more.”
So what's the end game for Republicans? Well, according to Tony Nitti in a piece they contributed to Forbes (no left-wing rag), repealing Obamacare would result in an average tax savings of $33,000 for the wealthiest one percent of Americans, while those making between $10,000 and $75,000 would actually see their taxes increase—and millions would lose health insurance or have to pay astronomically more for it, effectively an additional tax increase. The end game is simply to give more to the wealthy, which is not the same thing as helping businesses or improving the health of the economy. (That the House GOP voted to conceal the costs of repealing the ACA from the public arguably underscores the repeal is not economically salubrious for the taxpayers and the nation.)
And the economic and human costs go together. At the Chicago rally, Tracy Trovato told the story of how their husband Carlo was diagnosed with leukemia in 2014. They have been cured after hundreds of thousands of dollars in treatment. Should the cancer return, however, and Obamacare were to be repealed, allowing insurance companies to re-instate lifetime caps on coverage, it is likely Carlo would not be able to afford treatment to save their lives, or the Trovato family would endure absolute economic ruin. Trovato's story makes clear the human and economic costs of repealing the ACA. Them family's story is not singular but representative, and having widespread bankruptcy is not good for the health of our economy, not to mention our humanity.
We need to see that Obamacare is not a hand-out, but simply sound economic policy that serves both the American people as a whole and American business.
We also need to see that Republicans serve neither but simply want to accelerate the distribution of wealth to a speed that will break all of our necks, those of our working and middle classes and those of the business world.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
CHICAGO — The severe spike in gun violence Chicago is experiencing can be dated to the release of the video in the Laquan McDonald case, a FiveThirtyEight analysis of crime data shows. The same analysis shows that the city has seen a significant drop in arrests made for homicides and nonfatal shootings, as well as other crimes, since the video's release on Nov. 24. This suggests a decline in law enforcement activity that may be contributing to the rise in gun crime.
McDonald, a black 17-year-old, was shot 16 times and killed by a white police officer in October 2014, but video of the incident was not made public until a judge ruled that it had to be released more than a year later. Intense protests, a U.S. Department of Justice investigation, and calls for the resignation of the police chief and mayor followed.
Chicago police officers have said they are confused by public scrutiny in the wake of the video's release and have pointed to new and burdensome paperwork as discouraging them from making street stops and engaging in other “proactive policing.” Department spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi acknowledged that officers might have been more uncertain since the release of the video but suggested that the majority of the change was due to the paperwork requirements. Late last month, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel appointed a new interim police chief, Eddie Johnson, in the hopes of improving department morale. Johnson faces the prospect of the bloodiest year since at least 2003: Chicago is on pace for roughly 570 homicides and nearly 2,100 nonfatal shooting incidents, numbers that could be even higher if the violence increases with warmer weather.
After some cities saw a rise in crime last year, police chiefs and even the head of the FBI suggested that the United States was experiencing a “Ferguson effect”: Police officers sensitive to public scrutiny in the wake of protests over the 2014 police killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, were pulling back on police work, the theory went, and emboldened criminals were seizing their chance. The evidence for any such effect nationally was mixed — our colleague Carl Bialik analyzed crime data from 60 major cities in September and found an increase in homicides in some places, but a decrease in others. Chicago had seen a 20 percent increase in homicides from the year before, but, as Carl noted, crime statistics are volatile.
The spike in gun violence in Chicago since the end of November, though, is too sharp to be explained by seasonal fluctuations or chance. There have been 175 homicides and approximately 675 nonfatal shooting incidents from Dec. 1 through March 31, according to our analysis of city data. The 69 percent drop in the nonfatal shooting arrest rate and the 48 percent drop in the homicide arrest rate since the video's release also cannot be explained by temperature or bad luck. Even though crime statistics can see a good amount of variation from year to year and from month to month, this spike in gun violence is statistically significant, and the falling arrest numbers suggest real changes in the process of policing in Chicago since the video's release.
News coverage of the recent spike in violence has so far focused on the murder count since the beginning of the year. But using Chicago's open data portal, we were able to pinpoint the start of the increase in gun violence — and the concomitant policing slump — to the wake of the release of the video showing McDonald's slaying.
The increase in gun violence starting in December is especially notable for a time of year when there are typically fewer homicides and nonfatal shootings. After a summer that saw a level of gun violence that was roughly in line with those over the last decade, Chicago has had its worst winter for gun violence since 2003. Nonfatal shooting incidents and homicides over this period were up about 73 percent and 48 percent, respectively, from the same period a year ago.
Higher temperatures are associated with more violence for a variety of reasons. But although Chicago experienced an unusually warm winter, historical data suggests that this would move the rate of violence only slightly. For example, the winter of 2012 was even warmer than this year's, but we observed no similar spike in gun violence then.
And warmer weather would do nothing to explain the drop in arrest rates. Data from Chicago's incident reports shows that arrests for all crimes fell moderately each of the last three winters compared with the previous winter, before plummeting 31 percent this season compared with last year. Arrest rates for nonfatal shooting incidents showed the biggest drop. Narcotics arrests were also down, a trend that began earlier in 2015 but accelerated at the beginning of December, about a week after the video's release.
The trend of rising crime and falling arrests has been most dramatic with respect to gun violence. We can see this by looking at how often arrests are made in homicide and nonfatal shooting incidents. Chicago police made a relatively steady number of arrests per homicide and nonfatal shooting incident each year from 2001 through 2014. But the ratio of arrests for each fell in the immediate aftermath of the video's release and then plummeted even further in March. Only seven of more than 500 nonfatal shooting incidents (about 1.4 percent) and 24 of 143 homicides (16.7 percent) in the first three months of 2016 have led to an arrest. By comparison, an arrest was made in 16 of 166 nonfatal shooting incidents (9.6 percent) and 7 of 30 homicides (23.3 percent) in October, the month before the video's release. The average murder clearance rate for large cities is 61 percent, according to the most recent FBI statistics.
It's possible that some of the recent decrease in the arrest rate for homicides and nonfatal shootings is because officers have had less time to investigate the most recent crimes and make arrests. Indeed, examination of older data shows that the arrest rate is depressed in the period closest to the most recent available records. But in Chicago we have still seen a dramatic drop in the arrest rate before the most recent month of data, and it's implausible that this effect explains the full decline since December. In fact, the change in arrests for gun violence began at least four months ago, around the time the video was released, and arrest rates have continued dropping to a level unseen since at least 2001, the earliest year of available data.
Guglielmi, the department spokesperson, said in an interview that several measures of policing had risen in March and noted that the pace of the homicide increase had slowed. “Clearances are something we certainly acknowledge are a problem,” they said. They placed some of the blame for the decline in arrests on people involved in shooting incidents “not cooperating.”
A similar decline in police activity and increase in violence occurred in Baltimore after protests over the death of Freddie Gray, who died in police custody. Likewise, police activity in New York City slowed down dramatically after police killed Eric Garner. In the case of the New York Police Department, some news outlets suggested that the slowdown was a large-scale, organized protest against interference by the mayor.
In Chicago, there is little concrete evidence of an organized police slowdown. But in both public statements and private conversations, former and current Chicago police officers, crime analysts and journalists have described a climate of low morale and hesitation among officers that has led to fewer arrests. The president of the police union told NPR last month that “no one wants to be on that next video,” and Guglielmi echoed that language: “No police officer wants to be the next viral video,” they said. (The Fraternal Order of Police did not respond to multiple requests for comment for this article.)
Jamie Kalven, a journalist whose reporting brought attention to the McDonald case and who knows several Chicago police officers, is skeptical that there is any mass protest among police, even if some individual officers may be deliberately slowing down. Instead, Kalven thinks Chicago police are bewildered by a more hostile public. They pointed to a slogan that has become increasingly popular among police, shared on police blogs and even sold on T-shirts: “Stay Fetal,” a reference to comments from the mayor, who said officers had gone “fetal” to avoid trouble. There is “a genuine lack of clarity about the job description, the parameters of the job, and who will have their back in ambiguous situations,” Kalven said.
Roseanna Ander, an executive director at the University of Chicago Crime Lab, agrees that the police are uncomfortable. One likely consequence, they said, is a drop in the kind of “proactive” policing that is meant to prevent crime, including street stops, as officers seek to cut down on their discretionary interactions with civilians. “Certainly they'll respond to 911 calls … but if you have a group of guys on the corner and you think you have probable cause to stop them and see if one of them has a gun, you're probably not going to do that,” Ander said.
Ander stressed that proactive policing comes with significant social costs and only rarely leads to arrests in shooting incidents. But data on arrests for crimes that often fall within the category of proactive policing, in particular narcotics arrests, support the notion of a decline in police activity. Narcotics incidents (essentially synonymous with narcotics arrests ) dropped by 29.6 percent in December from November, by far the largest one-month drop since 2001.
Guglielmi said that police activity had resumed in mid-February. They added in an emailed statement, “Several metrics show an increase in police activity in March — including an increase of gun arrests by nearly 10 percent as well as investigative stops that are up by 30 percent.”
The data on narcotics incidents seems to support this assertion. Narcotics incidents fell another 22.9 percent from December to January before rebounding slightly in February and March, though they are still occurring at about half of the 2015 level.
Guglielmi placed much of the blame for the decline in proactive policing on a new form that must be filled out after some interactions with members of the public, a result of the city's August 2015 settlement with the American Civil Liberties Union over the department's “stop and frisk” program. The form, called an investigatory stop report, is much longer than the contact cards it replaces and can take hours to complete after some encounters. Officers told the Chicago Sun-Times in January that an “ACLU effect” was driving a reduction in police activity. “The rules of the game changed on Jan. 1,” Guglielmi said.
Although the ISR may be playing a minor role in curbing proactive policing, it doesn't appear to be the major reason behind the downward trend in arrests. The ISR was implemented on Jan. 1, 38 days after the release of the Laquan McDonald video. In that five-week span, the overall arrest rate fell from 26 percent to 19 percent. Since Jan. 1, the overall arrest rate has risen slightly. The onset of the decline in arrests significantly predates the ISR, and arrests have actually increased since it was introduced, though they are occurring less frequently than they did in 2015.
Ander noted that several less controversial crime prevention and intervention resources in Chicago have had their funding cut recently because of a state budget crisis in Illinois, perhaps contributing to violence in the most troubled neighborhoods.
Whatever combination of factors explains the opposing trends in gun violence and arrests, it's not clear how to contain Chicago's crime wave. With higher summer temperatures approaching, the gun violence may get worse before it gets better.
Android Wear 5.0 came out last month—it was the third noteworthy update to the wearable OS, following versions 4.4W.1 and 4.4W.2. It's not a significant enough update to merit its own standalone review, but it's been a while since our last check-in with the platform. Plus, the launch of the Apple Watch is just a few months away at most.
Google also recently sent us another Android Wear watch we hadn't seen before—LG's G Watch R, the round version of the regular square G Watch we looked at back when Android Wear launched. It looks more like a finished product today, where as the first G Watch looked like no-frills development hardware. The G Watch R also doesn't use the old power-hungry internals that give the Moto 360 so many problems.
So armed with a new watch and new software, we spent a full month wearing Android Wear to get a sense of how far it's come since its original release a little over six months ago. While not all of our initial complaints have been addressed, not by a long shot, there are definitely signs of progress.
Android Wear 5.0, specifically
While the “base” version of Android upon which Android Wear is based has increased from 4.4W.2 to 5.0.1, tapping on that version number in the Settings shows that the proper Android Wear version number has only jumped from 1.01 to 1.05. The latter number is more indicative of the kind of changes you can expect. This isn't a KitKat to Lollipop-sized jump, but a more incremental improvement.
Most of Android Wear's general look and feel remains the same. After using three different watches with different specs running both the old software and the new, we believe most people won't notice any drastic performance or battery life improvements. If you're holding on to hope that a software update is going to magic three-day battery life into your Moto 360, those kinds of magic bullets just don't exist.
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
What Google has spent its time doing is smoothing down some of the rough corners of the OS. The changes do make the watches a bit more versatile and nice to use, but they add even more directional swiping to the pile of gestures and toggles you already need to master for Android Wear use.
Swiping down from the top of the screen used to be a quick switch that would mute and unmute the phone and show you the current battery percentage, but in 5.0 it becomes a full-fledged quick settings menu. In addition to muting and unmuting notifications, Wear 5.0 supports Lollipop's "priority notifications" feature that lets you mute notifications from any app not on your phone's whitelist. We'd still like these settings to be even more granular—for example, if I want Gmail notifications from certain senders in Priority mode but not from others, getting these notifications is still an all-or-none proposition—but it's a first step toward keeping the watch useful while also keeping it from vibrating your wrist off.
There are three other panes in the new Quick Settings menu. "Theater mode" will quickly turn your watch's screen off, mute notifications, and keep it from waking when you move your wrist, keeping the watch from distracting you or others in an otherwise dark room. "Sunlight mode" is a quick toggle that will max out the watch's brightness for a few seconds, long enough to view the time or address some notifications in direct sunlight without killing the battery. And the final pane is a simple way to access the watch's settings screen, which previously required a voice command.
In Android Wear 4.4, swiping away a notification meant it was gone forever. The new version will let you swipe upward and tap a button to recall the notification. These are on a timer, though—if you fail to recall the notification within a couple of seconds of dismissing it, it's still gone. This gesture is not particularly intuitive or discoverable, and we occasionally brought up the "Dismissing..." dialog without intending to.
There are some small changes to the Android Wear companion app, mostly related to the new third-party watch faces. When connected to a watch running Android Wear 5.0, you can change the watch screen directly from the phone, and download and install new faces from Google Play (changing the face directly on the watch is still possible, and you even get a new "recent" section that you can use to hop around between recently used watch faces more quickly.
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Andrew Cunningham
Third-party watch faces can each include different settings. Some of these are as simple as changing the color of the watch hands, but other faces will let you pick and choose the data you want the watch to display (battery life, step count, and so on) and how many things you want to show up in Ambient Mode. Sometimes these settings are accessible directly on the watch as well, but more complicated watch faces will only let you see the full range of settings in the companion app on your phone or tablet.
Third-party watch faces are a small change, but it's arguably the most important one in Wear 5.0. Smartwatches need to be half gadget and half fashion accessory, and changing what is displayed on the watch face at will make your watch feel more like your smartwatch and not just a smartwatch. After using multiple Android Wear watches, it's been frustrating to find a face we liked on one watch that wasn't available on others. This doesn't fix the problem for built-in watch faces, but it's at least a partial solution.
This update makes Android Wear more pleasant to use overall but, as we'll see, it doesn't really make Android Wear do anything that it didn't do already.
Listing image by Andrew Cunningham
The Minnesota Department of Public Safety is asking drivers to put down their phones as law enforcement plans to target distracted drivers this week.
State troopers, county deputies and city police will be looking for signs of distracted driving — such as varying speed, swerving and looking down — to find those drivers sending and receiving texts and other electronic messages, said Lt. Tiffani Nielson of the Minnesota State Patrol.
“Those are the drivers we're going to be looking for and issuing citations (to) if we believe that distraction was occurring in that vehicle,” Nielson said during a news conference last.
They said the fine for distracted driving varies by county but is generally $125 to $145.
The extra enforcement will run Monday through April 18.
While it's legal for most drivers in Minnesota to use their phones to make calls while driving, the state's texting-while-driving law prohibits drivers from accessing the Internet or reading or sending texts, tweets and emails, even if they are stopped in traffic.
To cite a driver, law enforcement must be able to prove that they or they were using a phone in violation of the law, and that can be difficult, Nielson said. They added, however, that the officer also may have the option of citing drivers for moving violations that resulted from distracted driving.
Last year, there were 3,200 texting-while-driving citations issued in Minnesota, according to preliminary numbers. The Public Safety Department said about a quarter of crashes are related to distracted driving, and it was a factor last year in 16,900 crashes that resulted in 56 deaths and 165 serious injuries.
“But we also believe that it's underreported,” Nielson said.
The department also asks drivers to make any adjustments to mirrors, heat/air conditioning, music and navigation systems before they start driving — in addition to putting down their phones.
“The potential is there for a deadly crash when the phone is being used while operating a vehicle,” Nielson said. “Is sending a message more valuable than the life of the person next to you?”
Andy Rathbun can be reached at 651-228-2121. Follow them at twitter.com/andyrathbun.
On mobile? See State Patrol tweets here.
I had a peek at the new Pairc — my word, what a beauty!
YE know I'm interested in the GAA, so forgive me if I start by stringing a few superlatives together — brilliant, amazing, stunning, awesome and breathtaking... and I'm not talking about Cork's super display of hurling last Sunday in Semple Stadium.
Yes, the hurlers did us proud and restored our pride in the famous Blood and Bandage jersey, but the cause of my jaw-dropping sense of happiness and utter contentment came not on Sunday but 24 earlier.
I was honoured to be given the opportunity, or should I say privilege, to get a ‘tour' of the nearly completed Pairc Ui Chaoimh. It is something else entirely, and do you know what in terms of space and facilities it leaves even Croke Park in the ha'penny place!
I know now some of ye will be saying ‘Hold on now a minute boy, don't lose the run of yourself altogether' — believe me, the new stadium is absolutely superb.
On Saturday, before 10am, the place was like a hive of bees. Hundreds of hard-hatted workers were busily doing their many tasks. Of course there was a bit of disappointment two weeks ago when news broke that the anticipated Munster hurling and football finals would not be staged on Leeside. Better safe than sorry, I say, and having seen at first hand the development, I can guarantee not one person will be less than gobsmacked when the gates open on July 23.
Back in the 1880s, when the GAA was in its infancy, the old Cork Park was the scene of many stirring hurling and football contests as well as athletic meetings and horse racing. In the early days of the new century, Cork GAA officials were anxious to obtain a permanent home and headquarters. Cork GAA Board invested a sum of £30 towards the development of what in 1904 became the Cork Athletic Grounds. The official opening took place on Sunday September, 11, 1904, when the much-delayed All-Ireland Hurling and Football finals of 1902 were staged in Cork.
The report in the Examiner the next day was gushing in praise. “The holding of the international matches in Cork yesterday to signalise the opening of the new athletic grounds in the Lower Park must certainly rank as one of the most important events that has taken place in connection with the Gaelic Athletic Association since it's inception.”
The ‘international' reference was because London-Irish teams were contesting both finals, against Cork's Dungourney in hurling and Bray Emmets in football. Dungourney, captained by Jamesy Kelleher, had a facile 3-13 to nil win over the Exiles. The football decider was a bit closer but Tom Dempsey led the Bray team to a 2-8 to 0-4 victory.
The Lord Mayor Augustine Healy hosted a dinner in the Vestibule of the Municipal Buildings for close on 100 people. Toasts were drunk to ‘Our Native Land', ‘The Gaelic Athletic Association' and ‘The Competing Teams'.
For two years, soccer and hockey were played in the Athletic Grounds in the winter but from 1906 on the grounds were solely used for Gaelic Games. For seven decades, the old Athletic Grounds served Cork as its playing headquarters with Cook Street being the administrative hub.
I recall attending the 1972 and 1973 County Hurling finals in the Park. The Glen beat Youghal in 1972 and 12 months later the Rockies defeated the champions by two points, 2-12 to 2-10 in a great game.
Then, in 1976, the new, ultra-modern Pairc Ui Chaoimh was opened to much acclaim. The late Con Murphy — in my mind the greatest ever GAA administrator — was one of the key men behind the development which cost over £1 million — a huge sum over 40 years ago. The stadium was named after Roscommon-born Padraig O Chaoimh, who gave a lifetime of service to the GAA, both in Cork and nationally.
Padraig married Peggy O'Keeffe of Ballynoe — their great-grandfather John Scanlan was a brother of my great great-grandfather Denis Scanlan.
Despite being a top of the range stadium, the size of the dressingrooms was a cause for concern from the start. Early on, the County Board Chairman of a visiting football team for a major game complained to Cork's Denis Conroy that the dressing rooms were too small entirely. Conroy made no reply. Twice more the visiting chairperson repeated their concern over the lack of space. Conroy had enough: “We knew ye had big heads but never realised that yere backsides (or words to that effect) were so big!”
Over the decades, Pairc Ui Chaoimh has staged many memorable games — both local and national hurling and football games. In the last decade it had become patently obvious that a major refurbishment or redevelopment was needed. After agreement was reached with Cork City Council and the Munster Agricultural Society, the demolition of the old ‘Pairc' begun in late 2015.
Arguments were made back in 1974 and again in the last two years that we should leave the Marina altogether and go to a ‘green field' site outside the city. Personally, I don't agree as on big match days, while we may have traffic delays, the city of Cork with hotels, hostelries, restaurants and shops benefit hugely financially. If we were ‘out in the country', OK we'd get home faster but where would the financial spin-off be? It's a two-way street; the GAA is well supported by Cork businesses so there has to be a quid pro quo. Anyway, with the motorway and tunnel nowadays, traffic congestion isn't such a huge problem any more.
With Patrick Doyle, Stadium Sales Manager, and County Board Chairman Ger Lane, I had a VIP tour early last Saturday. I remember my first visit to the fully redeveloped Croke Park a few years back. It was and is stunning. What has been created here on the banks of our own lovely Lee is simply stunning.
My first impression was the vast space, which has been utilised so well. Gone is the claustrophobic feeling that pervaded the old stadium and many other grounds. The various concourses where the crowds enter, exit and mill around on match and event days are massive. So too are the dressing rooms, team management rooms and warm-up areas.
Player and spectator comfort were top priorities with the design and construction teams, and in a month's time, when the most modern sports stadium in Europe opens to the public, the reaction will be amazing.
Everywhere I went. In the stands and on the terraces, the view of the pitch was total. Now the surface of Pairc Ui Chaoimh in recent years was like a billiard table and the new sod is majestic. Where the old show- jumping arena was is now a full size astro turf pitch — the largest of its kind in the country. For those wanting to spend a penny or a euro, the toilet and catering/shop facilities are simply huge. Indeed, everything in this Leeside jewel is on a grand scale to ensure maximum viewing and maximum comfort.
With separate pitch entrances from each of the four dressing rooms and a gym the envy of the country, the new Pairc Ui Chaoimh is a stadium which all of us in Cork will be so proud of.
The £30 invested by the County Board in 1904 reflects well on the multi-million investments of recent years. Ten-year tickets are still on sale, good value for those in a position to regularly attend matches and events in the new Pairc. Because the opening has been delayed, the 10 year tickets will now have an extra six months added.
Wit a capacity of 45,000 on match days and 47,000 for concerts, the ultra brilliant Pairc Ui Chaoimh will provide a massive boost to tourism, sporting and social facilities in Cork Tentative plans for a concert in mid- 2018 are at an advanced stage — but don't ask me who the artist or artistes are, I do not know!
The Ireland Hurling quarter finals are due to be staged in the grounds on July 23, which promises to be a red-letter day for Cork GAA. I hope we win the Munster Hurling Final and we can sit back and enjoy the day and have a closer look at our semi-final opponents!
I started this article with a few superlatives and I guarantee that we'll hear a lot more words of praise at the end of July.
A young man is transformed into a hideous "moon beast" due to a meteor fragment lodged in their body. (from IMDB)
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: stpt1 - favorite - December 3, 2016
Subject: Total piece of crap I've seen better acting at a community college. There is not an ounce of charisma in all of the characters combined. Don't click on this one. Just keep moving. - December 3, 2016Total piece of crap
Reviewer: stuhuzz1981 - favorite favorite favorite - September 8, 2016
Subject: Flawed but enjoyable film... Maybe in my age I've been more generous with movies and I'm nowhere near as critical of films as I was in my teens and twenties where they either were great (few) and terrible (vast majority) and not much nuance which caused me to miss out on a lot of good films over the years.
Track of the Moon Beast is by no means objectively good. It's got pacing, editing, sound (even for ideal transfers) and dialogue issues that make it sub par in respect to technical measures but it just has that cheesy B-Movie charm that makes it enjoyable to watch with a couple of friends on a weekend. It's a fun little movie to watch once like 'Invasion of the Bee Girls,' 'House on Haunted Hill,' 'Robot Monster' or 'Laserblast.'
Also, make sure to see the MST3k version where they do an awesome job riffing it and a funny 'Behind the Music' spoof about the band that performed the soundtrack song 'California Lady.' - September 8, 2016Flawed but enjoyable film...
Reviewer: GodzillaSr - - December 14, 2014
Subject: public domain is this film and possible remake actual Public domain or just the film? - December 14, 2014public domain
Reviewer: jeffzkrazie - - December 9, 2010
Subject: Speaking of crack! ...... time for rehab.... Doowopbob!!!!!!! - December 9, 2010Speaking of crack!
Reviewer: skybandit - favorite favorite favorite - October 12, 2010
Subject: Good news / Bad news The bad news is that William Finger, the uncredited co-creator of BATMAN, wrote the script for this cowflop. Poor man died a penniless alcoholic while Bob Kane's a plagieristic bazillionaire, simply because Bob's dad was a lawyer and Bill's wasn't.
The good news is that the song "California Lady" is in the public domain as well as the film, so if anybody needs some harmless folk-rock for their backgrounds, go for it! It's never been printed or recorded anywhere else that I could find on the net, and sure as hell never got any airplay! - October 12, 2010Good news / Bad news
Reviewer: nigeldavahah - favorite favorite favorite - October 11, 2010
Subject: so so watch it ! - October 11, 2010so so
Reviewer: Plotus - favorite favorite - October 11, 2010
Subject: Track of the moon beast Not so good, now that thats out of the way, it's all kind of wanabe, from the actors to the script. A typical B movie of the 70's before disco. Save this for a rainy day. - October 11, 2010Track of the moon beast
Reviewer: doowopbob - - January 21, 2010
Subject: Yo, Cosmic.... No Talent Money Has No Hope..!....Call It Crack Of The Mooners...Cause This Is Poop..! - January 21, 2010Yo, Cosmic....
Reviewer: cosmicolada - favorite favorite favorite - October 23, 2009
Subject: Not a bad little film! I know it's trendy and fashionable among certain types to put down this and many other such films, especially ones that have been skewered by the Mystery Science Theater 3000 crew. However, I wonder how many of the same people who laugh at little low-budget films like this have ever tried making a film themselves? Do they know how much blood, sweat and tears are involved? Do they realize that somebody made this at great personal, physical and financial expense? Do they even care?
Uh huh, just what I thought. cosmicolada -- October 23, 2009Not a bad little film!
CEDAR RAPIDS  Who needs border collies when you have FIDO?
Flummoxed city parks officials a year ago toyed with the idea of recruiting border collies to take a turn at chasing and terrorizing the packs of Canada geese that comfortably mass in city parks and golf courses and leave loads of droppings behind.
Instead of putting border collies through the paces, the city called on members of the Quiet Flyers, a local remote-control airplane club, to help come up with a remote-control menace to scatter unwanted geese.
And on Tuesday, City Manager Jeff Pomeranz unveiled FIDO  Fowl Intercept & Dispersal Officer  at the citys new McGrath Amphitheatre, now a favorite riverfront hangout for scores of geese and where on Tuesday it was hard to see the still-brown grass for the geese feces.
"Its going to be a great season for the amphitheater, and we want to make sure this is a facility our public can enjoy," Pomeranz said at the cold, blustery introduction of FIDO as a few geese flew around the riverfront venue. "So this morning, I want to introduce our new officer, our new eradication officer, and were calling that officer FIDO."
FIDO is a bright fluorescent orange, dog-looking "craft" made of high-density Styrofoam that comes with wheels, the ability to move on ground and water and a mouthful of giant bared teeth. FIDO is outfitted with rechargeable lithium batteries, which last 20 to 30 minutes between charges, and the device includes among its creative parts the shafts of hunting arrows.
Six FIDOs were on display at the amphitheater on Tuesday, with Daniel Gibbins, the citys parks superintendent, and a parks staff member working the controls to remotely send two of the six scooting across the amphitheater grass.
"We dont want to terrify the geese, we just want to chase them and let them know this isnt a good place for them," Gibbins said.
They said FIDO is able to do what parks employees were not able to do late last summer when employees tried to chase geese from the amphitheater before a concert.
"When you run after them, they stay in front of you and dont take flight. But they really are afraid of this thing," Gibbins said.
They said FIDOs orange color, fierce-looking teeth and ability to move quickly provide an effective mix to scare geese off.
Wayne Edwards, a retired Rockwell Collins electrical engineer and member of the Cedar Rapids Quiet Flyers, said Tuesday that they were among club members who worked last summer to come up with the best design for a FIDO prototype.
"We took it out to one of the golf courses, and we were actually quite impressed," Edwards said. "We just pulled it out of the truck and set it on the ground, and the geese there started to move away from us. It was pretty effective at getting their attention."
Gibbins credited Lisa Miller, the citys golf operations manager, with seeing the idea of a geese chaser at a golf conference and bringing the idea back to Cedar Rapids.
The city, they said, decided to try to come up with its own device to save money. FIDO, which city parks workers built, costs about $600 each, while similar devices can cost $3,000 or more if purchased elsewhere, they said.
They said the city will deploy some stationary FIDOs along with the mobile ones once geese learn to avoid the orange color and the big teeth.
For now, FIDO will concentrate on keeping geese away from the amphitheater and golf courses, Gibbins said.
"Geese are a big problem," they said. "They are a wonderful animal, but there are too many of them here."
Windows 10 Mobile news recap is a weekly feature that highlights the top stories from the previous week. You can keep up to date with all things Windows 10 Mobile by bookmarking our dedicated page.
If you've been following any of the news about the Windows Phone, you've probably heard about the Cityman and the Talkman. These are the codenames for two supposed Windows 10 Mobile flagships; the Lumia 950 XL and Lumia 950, respectively. Last week, we learned that both devices are rumored to support Qualcomm Quick Charge, a feature that can charge devices up to 70% faster. It remains to be seen if this feature makes its way to both devices. The Quick Charge feature is supported by the Snapdragon 808 and the Snapdragon 810 processors.
No new Windows 10 Mobile build was released last week. In a series of tweets, Windows Insider boss Gabriel Aul mentioned they have been using build 10537 and has a “good candidate but no guarantee” if or when we will see the build (perhaps next week). “Next build is looking good. Has mobile hotspot, and most 10512 issues fixed,” Aul adds.
During the IFA event last week, Acer announced a Windows 10 Mobile device. Acer is calling it the “first pocket PC phone” and is the company's first Windows 10 Mobile flagship device, sporting a 5.5 inch S-AMOLED display, a Snapdragon 808 processor and a 21MP rear camera. The phone is called the Acer Jade Primo. Acer is positioning the Jade Primo as one of the first devices to include support for Continuum for Phones, which essentially turns your phone into a full desktop, allowing you to use a mouse and keyboard with universal apps scaled as if they were running on a normal desktop. No word on pricing or availability. Acer also unveiled the Liquid M320 and M330, two budget-friendly Windows 10 Mobile devices
An accessory to make Continuum work even easier is coming, with a code name of “Munchkin”. According to a report, the Munchkin will carry 3x USB ports, one for HDMI, and one for a DisplayPort connection. The accessory won't be necessary to use Continuum, but will make it easier to quickly plug your phone into a dock, making use of a display monitor and other peripherals like printers, etc.
Windows Insiders who have a Microsoft Lumia phone with the Windows 10 Mobile Insider Preview installed should be happy to know that Microsoft's photo editing app, Lumia Creative Studio Beta, now supports Windows 10 Mobile. This update took place last week.
Stay tuned for yet another exciting week of Windows 10 news!
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Consider supporting us on Patreon so we can continue providing quality tokusatsu news coverage.
This year's Kamen Rider/Super Sentai double feature has fallen from the top 10 in its second week at theaters.
The double feature Kamen Rider Drive: Surprise Future and Shuriken Sentai Ninninger THE MOVIE: The Dinosaur Lord's Splendid Ninja Scroll films were not among the top 10 at the box office in Japan during their second weekend. This marks the shortest span of time a Kamen Rider/Super Sentai summer feature has spent in the top 10 since the start of Kamen Rider and Super Sentai's annual summer films. The double feature initially made 213,289,350 yen (about $1.71 million) over its first weekend, just show of the figures made by the Kamen Rider Gaim/ToQger double feature. As box office takes are not typically reported for films outside the top 10, updated numbers are not currently available.
The live action Attack on Titan movie continued to perform well, dropping one spot to 6 this week.
Source: Movie Walker Japan
All English translations are accredited to The Tokusatsu Network staff members. Please do not repost without crediting and directly linking back to the original Tokusatsu Network article.
Manga creator Jinpachi Mori passed away on November 21 at 7:24 a.m. due to Barrett's esophagus leading to esophageal cancer. They were 57.
Mori was born in Sasebo, Nagasaki in 1958. After graduating from the Nihon University College of Art, they began writing in magazines, launching their Kasai no Hito debut manga in Shogakukan's Big Comic Original magazine in 1988, with art by Osamu Uoto. The manga centered on a family court judge who loved flowers, and it was adapted into a live-action television drama in 1993.
Their other manga included Benkei in New York ( N.Y. no Benkei ), Tsuchi no Ko , Tajikarao , Saiban'in no Megami , and Nozomi . Viz Media first published their Benkei in New York in North America in 2000 in its Pulp magazine, and then released its single volume in 2001.
Mori challenged the strengthening of Japanese juvenile law, and encouraged social and community-based rehabilitation of delinquent juveniles. Their last work is a book titled Kasai no Hito kara Kimi e no Yuigon: Sasebo Kōichi Dōkyūsei Satsugai Jiken to Shōnen-hō , wherein they outline the history of juvenile law in Japan.
Mori revealed their esophageal cancer in July 2014.
Source: The Chugoku Shimbun
Do you want to download Windows 10 now or now? That's the question I found myself faced with when I opened an irregularly used Windows 8.1 laptop last night.
Once a small box begging for a reservation in the corner of the screen, the “Get Windows 10” pop-up prompt has morphed to consume the majority of the display, and worse, it only presents users with two clear actionable buttons: Upgrade now, and Start download, upgrade later. There's no immediate “No thanks” option whatsoever.
On a Windows 8.1 PC. Mostly full screen pop-up. No clear "No thanks" button, just download Windows 10 now or later. pic.twitter.com/RRoaFMST9r — Brad Chacos (@BradChacos) December 11, 2015
To be fair, you can still simply close the window using the X in the upper-right corner, and if you click through the itty-bitty inconspicuous chevron on the right-edge of the window there may be a “Nope” prompt somewhere further down the line. (I closed the prompt before exploring the auxiliary pages.) But having the only two large, clearly actionable options on a pop-up page both lead to a Windows 10 download feels inherently icky—like Microsoft's trying to trick less-savvy computer users into downloading the operating system with tactics often used by spammers and malicious websites.
@BradChacos It does. That looks almost like a Web malware popup. — Wes Miller (@getwired) December 11, 2015
The most annoying behavior has yet to come for people who have chosen to stay pat with Windows 7 or 8.1, however. In 2016, Microsoft plans to push the Windows 10 upgrade through as a Recommended update. If you use the default Windows Update option and automatically install all new Recommended updates (as most home users should), that means Windows 10 will start downloading to your PC once Microsoft flips that switch, rather than asking for your permission. Here's what we said at the time:
“It's a particularly raw deal for people who are on metered Internet connections. Windows 8.1 users aren't in danger there, because that OS won't automatically download updates over a metered connection. But Windows 7 users will have to turn off automatic downloads of all recommended updates in order to avoid downloading multiple gigabytes worth of operating system.”
Fortunately, Microsoft says you'll “be clearly prompted to choose whether or not to continue” installing Windows 10 when that automatic download happens. Here's hoping there will be a clear “No” option displayed when that happens, at least. Windows 10 is Microsoft's greatest operating system yet, and a clear upgrade over Windows 8.1—I have it installed on most of my PCs—but strong-arming people with forced downloads and spammer-like no-choice wording on upgrade prompts won't win Microsoft any fans.
Sick of staring at the update prompt every time you boot your Windows 7 or Windows 8.1 PC? Here's how to stop the Windows 10 update offer from appearing—at least until the day it's pushed through as a Recommended update.
Damning emails from Hillary Clinton's campaign chairperson did not come from Russian hackers and the claim is being made to "delegitimize" Donald Trump, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told Fox News' Sean Hannity in an exclusive interview.
Hannity sat down with Assange in London's Ecuadorian embassy, where the Australian native has been holed up for five years battling extradition to Sweden on unrelated charges. Part I of the interview is set to air Tuesday night at 10 p.m. on Fox News Channel's "Hannity."
In excerpts released prior to airing, Assange is adamant that the hacked emails their organization released of Clinton official John Podesta did not come from Russia, as the Obama administration has claimed.
“We can say, we have said, repeatedly that over the last two months that our source is not the Russian government and it is not a state party,” Assange said.
More than 50,000 emails were released during the 2016 presidential campaign, exposing dubious practices at the Clinton Foundation, top journalists working closely with the Clinton campaign, key Clinton aides speaking derisively of Catholics and a top Democratic National Committee official providing debate questions to Clinton in advance.
Hannity told Fox News' Bill Hemmer "I believe everything (Assange) said," and praised the Internet activist for their commitment to government transparency.
Despite the Obama administration's claims that Russia was behind cyber-intrusions meant to interfere with the U.S. election – and punitive measures taken against Moscow last week – Assange said nobody associated with the Russian government gave their group the files.
Watch part one of the Assange interview on Fox News' “Hannity” Tuesday at 10 p.m. ET.
Assange also noted that in recent statements from top administration offices including the FBI and White House, “the word WikiLeaks” was missing, even as the administration expelled Russian diplomats in retaliation for cyberattacks.
“It's very strange,” they said.
Some Republican critics have questioned what evidence the administration has to back up its Russia allegations, while others have applauded President Obama for moving to penalize Russia – albeit months after the initial hacks.
Asked if they thought Obama was lying to the American people about Russia's actions, Assange said the president is “acting like a lawyer” with theirs allegations.
“If you look at most of their statements, they don't say that. They don't say that WikiLeaks obtained its information from Russia, worked with Russia,” Assange said.
But they said they believe the administration is “trying to delegitimize the Trump administration as it goes into the White House. They are trying to say that President-elect Trump is not a legitimate president.”
Since Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton in November, Clinton's allies have stepped up claims that the WikiLeaks email releases significantly damaged their candidacy – particularly the leak of thousands of emails from Campaign Chairman John Podesta's account. An earlier release of DNC emails over the summer led to the resignation of Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Asked if the emails changed the outcome of the election, Assange said:
“Who knows, it's impossible to tell. But if it did, the accusation is that the true statements of Hillary Clinton and their campaign manager, John Podesta, and the DNC head Debbie Wasserman Schultz, their true statements are what changed the election.”
Hannity Goes Off On “Weak, Spineless” Mitch McConnell: “You Need to Retire!”
Conservative radio host and best selling author, Sean Hannity slammed Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell following McConnell's attacks on President Trump Tuesday.
Do-nothing McConnell ‘vented' on Tuesday about President Trump's ‘excessive expectations‘ which drew harsh criticism from Trump's base.
As TGP previously reported, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told a group of voters at a Kentucky Rotary Club gathering that President Trump's “excessive expectations” are harming Congress' ability to salvage its awful reputation and get things done.
McConnell vented about the President's political inexperience, complaining Trump's focus on short timelines don't reflect what Congress can actually accomplish.
Following Senator John McCain's vote that killed all prospects of repealing Obamacare, calls have begun for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to step down from their leadership post. In particular, Rep. Mo Brooks, running for Attorney General Jeff Sessions' Senate seat in Alabama, is calling on McConnell to leave their post, branding the Kentucky Senator “Head of the Swamp.”
Hannity took to their Twitter account and slammed Mitch McConnell to their millions of followers early Wednesday morning, “No Senator, YOU are a WEAK, SPINELESS leader who does not keep their word and you need to Retire!”
https://twitter.com/seanhannity/status/895215738906173442
Hannity is correct! As TGP previously reported, do-nothing Congress just reached 200 days in office with Obamacare and MASSIVE taxes STILL in place.
President Donald Trump won the November 8, 2016 election in an electoral landslide.
President Trump captured several states that have not voted Republican in decades.
Riding on their coattails the Republican Party also won back the House of Representatives and won a majority in the US Senate.
What has Congress achieved?
* Obamacare is still in place and crushing Americans with huge insurance premiums and deductibles.
* The US tax code has not changed and Americans and American companies remain shackled with some of the highest taxes in the world. (The President proposed massive tax cuts that nearly all Americans are in favor of and yet nothing to date from Congress. They know better!)
* The US infrastructure is still broken. US Airports are worse than some third world countries.
* The President has removed many of the Obama era regulations but Dodd-Frank is still in place.
In addition Congressional Leaders stand back and watch the fake Russian Conspiracy story repeated hourly and say nothing. Rabid far left judges think they have the right to set the nation's immigration policies and overturn Supreme Court rulings and Congress does not impeach. The list goes on and on. Overall Congress does little to nothing to support their President.
Failed Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell blew their first 200 days and accomplished nothing material.
They need to be replaced by Republicans in Congress or they will be replaced by a Russian Fever Infested Democrat Congress instead.
NASA aims to revolutionize the method by which they communicate throughout space, through implementation of a laser transmission system. Theoretically, the new comms system will permit considerable bandwidth, facilitating the return of 3-Dimensional, high definition signals back to Earth. NASA's preliminary tests are set to center around two-way communications lasers between the Earth and the moon. We take a look at the workings of NASA's planned mission.
This feat will be achieved using NASA's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer (LADDEE). LADEE will be dispatched into lunar orbit, and will begin circling the moon to acquire detailed imagery of the planet's surface, analyze both atmospheric and surface conditions and investigate climatic influences upon lunar dust particulate.
The LADEE spacecraft is based upon a revolutionary “plug-and-play” design, where production of the spacecraft is more akin to an assembly-line, as opposed to relying upon custom builds. This technique will permit an inexpensive means by which the craft can be constructed, using what they describe as a Modular Common Spacecraft Bus.
LADEE's Lunar Mission
The plan is to launch the LADEE spacecraft, Sept. 6, 2013, using the Minotaur V rocket, which was formerly a ballistic missile refurbished for space launch missions. According to a NASA press release, the mission will be divided into nine primary phases:
Launch
Ascent
Activation
Checkout
Phasing Orbits
Lunar Orbit Insertion
Commissioning
Science
Decommission
Simply, the spacecraft will initiate its launch, begin a 24-hour elliptical orbit phase, and then perform a series of maneuvers to achieve a more circular orbit and lower its altitude. Once in the correct orbit, LADEE will commence the Science Phase of the project.
Laser Vs. RF Communications
The spacecraft will be fitted with a unique device, called the Lunar Laser Communication Demonstration (LLCD), which has several advantages over the traditional means of communication, which previously involved use of radio frequency (RF) waves. The existing RF system required more power to operate, encountered atmospheric interference and could not transmit anywhere near the same amount of data as lasers.
According to TG Daily, Don Cornwell, LLCD operations manager states the new communications technology will utilize a smaller transmitter device, requires 25 percent less power, is capable of transmitting “… six times more data from the moon…” and is much faster. Essentially, the technology will generate communication capabilities akin to optical broadband networks of Earth.
During the mission, an astonishing amount of data will be transmitted from the moon to Earth and vice versa, examining the LLCD equipment's capacity to send and receive signals. Millions of bits of data will be bandied back and forth every second, as NASA attempts to demonstrate the technological effectiveness of laser communications. Whether this technique will work, however, is an entirely different matter.
Accurately relaying this data back, over a distance of almost 240,000 miles, to one of the three available ground telescopes is the difficult part of the process, as Cornwell explains:
“This pointing challenge is the equivalent of a golfer hitting a ‘hole-in-one' from a distance of almost five miles… Developers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) Lincoln Laboratory have designed a sophisticated system to cancel out the slightest spacecraft vibrations. This is in addition to dealing with other challenges of pointing and tracking the system from such a distance. We are excited about these advancements.”
LADEE's Other Instruments
LADEE will also feature a number of additional components, aside from the LLCD device. Ultraviolet and visible light spectrometers will enable astronomers to derive the constituents of the lunar atmosphere, whilst a neutral mass spectrometer (NMS) will measure subtle changes to these atmospheric conditions, over the course of multiple lunar cycles.
In addition, NASA are also planning to use Lunar Dust Experiment (LDEX) equipment. The team hope to use LDEX to investigate the moon's atmospheric dust particles to figure out a longstanding lunar mystery; during the Apollo mission, where astronauts witnessed a glow on the horizon, did ultraviolet light induce an electrical charge in the dust to cause such a phenomenon?
Similar Missions
On an entirely separate occasion, NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter (LRO) received an image of the Mona Lisa, but, according to Cornwell, was achieved using a much lower bandwidth of merely hundreds of bits per second and pales in comparison to an optical communications system.
The technology is not entirely new, however, and has been wielded by the European Space Agency (ESA), but on a much smaller scale. The ESA recently performed a geo-mobile mission, where their Alphasat satellite was positioned in low-earth orbit. Alphasat encompasses a wide variety of tools, including an optical comms system, which can transfer data at 2.8 Gigabits per second back to Earth's ground control. Obviously, NASA are hoping to replicate the same success, but over much more substantial distances.
These lasers will offer astronomers considerable benefit whilst working distant space equipment and rovers. It is imperative that ground control can see precisely what their remote controlled robots can see. Therefore, acquiring high resolution, 3D footage could significantly enhance NASA's capabilities from ground control. Although NASA's laser system is designed for communication between the Earth and moon, if the mission is successful, the technology could have applications in many of the team's other future cosmological endeavors.
By: James Fenner
NASA LADEE Website
TG Daily Link
Traveling with children can sometimes pose a challenge, but luckily, there are quite a few things to do in Rome with kids. If you have children who are naturally inquisitive, your sightseeing may be a bit more adventurous than if your children are laid back and easy-going.
Regardless of their personality, there are so many fun things to do in Rome that no one will get bored.
The top 10 things to do in Rome with kids are as follows:
St. Peter's Square – A great place to take your kids, but make sure you arrive super-early and limit your time to an hour or two max. Be sure to visit Bernini's Colonnade so the kids can see how the columns disappear. The Vatican – Visiting the Vatican is not only historical, but also filled with shiny objects that always appeal to small children; this time, they are encouraged to touch and feel. Explora Children's Museum –This is the only museum that encourages ‘hands on' experiences. It even features a miniature bus for the little ones to drive. Piazza Celimontana Playground – A typical playground surrounded by ancient cities and ruins. This area comes complete with swings and climbing structures. One of the more popular things to do in Rome with kids. Villa Borghese Park – Makes the list of Rome Italy attractions for kids because it has a mini-train, a petting zoo, merry-go-round and a puppet theater. You can even take a boat ride and see swans swimming in the lake. Cavalieri Hilton Swimming Pool – Complete with kiddie and adult swimming pools. Perfect for a dip during hotter weather, one of the best things to do in Rome for the little ones. Campo Dei Fiori – A huge outdoor food court where all of the locals dote on children. They are famous for offering gifts of fruit to smaller kids. The Colosseum – Perfect for getting your kids to use their imaginations as you regale stories of old, they can pretend to be gladiators or even lions and tigers. Janiculum Hill – During the weekends, they perform puppet shows and although it is in Italian, children will grasp the story lines and follow along quite easily. Forno del Ghetto – Perfect in size for parents with small children and filled with sugary delights. Taking a trip to Rome with your children can be both fun and exciting as long as you prepare ahead of time. As you can see, there are a number of things to do in Rome with kids and as an adult, you will be fully entertained as well.
Please continue reading along to the next article, which will give you more information about Rome, Italy.
Or, why skeptics sometimes drive me nuts.
Sometimes, skeptics are the most smug and obnoxious people, blind to their own flaws, and lording it over atheists and humanists with their assumption that they are the natural lords of the entire domain of reason (and admittedly, sometimes atheists take the same tack; there are no innocent parties here). It's extraordinarily annoying, especially when they start looking down their noses at mere atheists.
Case in point: Kyle Hill at JREF. You see, they attended both NECSS, a skeptical meeting, and the Freethought Festival, an atheist meeting, and was shocked at how stupid the atheists were (although they use nicer words). Some of them didn't know who Randi was, or what the JREF was, and one person even professed to believing in psychic energy. We've splintered too far, they say, when you can be skeptical about god but aren't skeptical about psychic powers.
Oh, no! There's a disjunct! Some atheists are idiots! That's a point I actually agree with — of course there are. They're human. That means they're a diverse group, and yes, there will be a wide range of different ideas floating about. Whenever you select a group for a position on one issue, such as disbelief in god, you'll be able to find some in that group who have fringe beliefs on UFOs or ESP or an afterlife. It's to be expected.
But this is also true of the organized skepticism they represent. Whenever you select a group for a position on one issue, such as alternative medicine or Bigfoot, you'll be able to find some in that group who have fringe beliefs about other subjects. Hill themselves notices that there are a lot of global warming deniers in the skeptical community, but this was not sufficient to tut-tut over TAM attendees deplorable lack of understanding of modern skepticism.
But here's the smugness that annoys: this idea that “modern skepticism”, a very narrow and artificially bounded set of ideas, ought to be the parent of atheism…that skepticism is the superset, while atheism is only a subset.
When I talk about skepticism, I believe that I am talking about something that encompasses many other similar philosophies like atheism, humanism, and freethought. By this I mean that atheism, for example, is a logical extension of skepticism. Anecdotally, most skeptics that I know are in fact atheists. However, the disconnect came when I expected the reverse of this observation to also be true, i.e., that most atheists are skeptics.
Most atheists are skeptics. Hill just pretends from an anecdotal sample that most are not, by blithely overlooking the overlap. I could mention, for example, that a certain obnoxiously loud atheist — me — was a speaker at both NECSS and the Freethought Festival. That I hung out with people at the Freethought Festival who were quite familiar with the JREF, attended TAM, and were skeptical activists, and that at NECSS I ran into a number of people who were horrified at the idea of atheism. But unfortunately, skeptical organizations have a history of of marginalizing atheists as politically undesirable and uncomfortable — it is no surprise that there is a disconnect, because skeptical leaders have promoted that separation. And they also constantly make this bizarre assumption that they are in charge.
Take, for instance, this silly Venn diagram Hill uses to illustrate their point.
In the first part, they bemoan the fact that there are atheists who are not fully encompassed within the domain of skepticism — how unfortunate. In the second part, they illustrate their ideal: all atheists should be within skepticism, as a small part. What a shame that there are atheists who aren't skeptical about psychic powers!
Do you see the glaring problem with their diagrammatic resolution? It jumps out at me, anyway.
Here, I'll help you out and add a little color, this nice light blue.
WHAT THE FUCK ABOUT ALL THOSE SO-CALLED “SKEPTICS” WHO AREN'T SKEPTICAL ABOUT GOD? Oh, they're perfectly OK. “Modern Skepticism” is equipped with loopholes to let them off the hook, perfectly illustrated in Hill's diagram. But you have to wonder — why is Hill writing columns complaining about psychic believers in the atheist community, and global climate change deniers in the skeptical community, and not noticing 1) both communities have idiots in their midst and don't get to claim the universal evidential high ground over the other, and 2) skepticism has a real problem with institutionalized acceptance of non-skepticism towards a global problem of far greater magnitude than psychic nonsense, the whole issue of religion?
He's still attached to this flaw of “modern skepticism” that wants to isolate and diminish those socially contentious atheists. If they weren't so blind to the issue, they might be able to better see my ideal, illustrated here.
I agree that every atheist ought to be a skeptic. But also, every skeptic ought to be an atheist. How can you seriously get all smug and high-minded about rejecting mind-reading because there is no evidence for it, a proliferation of frauds endorsing it, and no reasonable scientific mechanism explaining it, while at the same time sneering at atheists who reject this god notion because there is even less evidence for it, a world-wide history of even greater charlatanry (really, mind-readers are pikers next to priests), and a total rejection of the validity of scientific demands for substantiation from its proponents?
I'll take organized skepticism far more seriously when they spend less effort at boundary setting and recognize their responsibility to address absurd beliefs of all kinds, not just the easy ones that aren't embraced by a majority of benighted humanity.
The Lehigh Valley IronPigs will don one-of-a-kind Star Wars jerseys, depicting Hans Solo frozen in carbonite from the original Star Wars trilogy, when they host the Gwinnett Braves at 7:05 p.m. on Friday, May 8 at Coca-Cola Park. The specialty jerseys presented by PA Lawn & Landscape and Christmas Décor will be auctioned off during that night's game with proceeds benefitting both IronPigs Charities and the Children's Home of Easton -- a private, nonprofit organization established in 1885, provides a caring, nurturing environment for children in need, as well as, assistance to their families.
Prior to the game, fans can get their photos taken with members of the 501st Legion - a worldwide professional costuming organization dedicated to the Dark Side Characters of the Star Wars universe. All fans are encouraged to dress like their favorite characters from any of the iconic "Star Wars" movies to join in on the festivities. A number of other Star Wars related activities will be announced leading up to this event.
The May 8 game against Gwinnett also features a post-game fireworks display as part of the weekly Friday Night Fireworks series at Coca-Cola Park following every Friday home game in 2015.
Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise centered on a film series created by George Lucas. The film series, consisting of two trilogies (and an upcoming third), has spawned an extensive media franchise and the original Star Wars movie remains one of the most financially successful films of all time.
Fans can bid on their favorite player's Star Wars jerseys from anywhere with the easy-to-use Qtego service that allows fans to place bids, receive notifications when outbid and check the status of their item via text messages on their mobile phones. Fans without texting access can even call in their bid after registering their phone at Coca-Cola Park.
Register your phone from anywhere in the U.S. by texting "Pigs" to 79230. The bidding begins on May 7 and ends promptly at the end of 7th inning of the May 8 game. Detailed instructions on how to place your bid will be made available at ironpigsbaseball.com
Winning bidders of the jerseys will have the opportunity to go on the field immediately following the game to have their jersey autographed. Bidders not in attendance at Coca-Cola Park can either pick up their signed jersey at a later date or have it mailed directly to them.
Great seats are still available for Star Wars Night and all upcoming games and can be purchased in-person at Coca-Cola Park (Monday-Friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Saturday 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.), by calling (610) 841-PIGS (7447) or online at ironpigsbaseball.com/tickets. Make sure to inquire about our brand-new seating area, "The Pig Pen", a revolutionary new seating area that puts fans directly in front of the players in the left field bullpens and just inches away from the on-field action.
Fans are reminded that there are three entry points for parking and are encouraged to use the Dauphin Street entrance when traveling from downtown Allentown. In addition to the Dauphin Street entrance, entry to Coca-Cola Park can be gained off American Parkway and Union Boulevard. Preferred/Handicapped Parking access is available via American Parkway only.
The cost of parking in Coca-Cola Park's "pigtail Porking Spaces" is $5 per vehicle for all IronPigs home games.
The 2015 IronPigs baseball season at Coca-Cola Park is presented by Capital BlueCross.
For Immediate Release, May 3, 2016 Contact: Nathan Donley, (971) 717-6406, ndonley@biologicaldiversity.org EPA Finds Atrazine Likely Harming Most Species of Plants, Animals in U.S. PORTLAND, Ore.— The amount of the herbicide atrazine that's released into the environment in the United States is likely harming most species of plants and animals, including mammals, birds, amphibians and reptiles, according to a preliminary risk assessment by the Environmental Protection Agency. Atrazine is well known as a hormone disruptor that has been linked to birth defects and cancer in humans and contamination of ground-, surface- and drinking-water supplies. The second-most widely used pesticide in the United States, already banned in Europe, was found to cause reproductive harm to mammals and birds in real-world scenarios, with EPA “levels of concern” surpassed nearly 200-fold, according to the new EPA assessment. Also, water monitoring has shown atrazine to be present at levels much higher than are needed to kill an amphibian. The assessment was posted on the EPA's website on Friday but has since been removed. A copy is available here. “The EPA has determined that the amount of atrazine that's in streams and rivers right now is enough to kill frogs and other imperiled wildlife,” said Nathan Donley, a scientist with the Center for Biological Diversity. “How many animals have to die before we do what Europe did 12 years ago and ban atrazine?” Amphibians are particularly vulnerable to pesticide impacts because they live in waterways where their permeable skins absorb contaminants from agricultural runoff. Dr. Tyrone Hayes, at the University of California, has shown that atrazine chemically castrates and feminizes male frogs at concentrations lower than the level allowed in drinking water by the EPA. Late last year a group of prominent scientists criticized California's proposed “safe harbor level” for atrazine because it didn't protect public health and the environment. “When the amount of atrazine allowed in our drinking water is high enough to turn a male tadpole into a female frog, then our regulatory system has failed us,” said Donley. “We've reached a point with atrazine where more scientific analysis is just unnecessary — atrazine needs to be banned now.” Currently 70 million pounds of atrazine are used in the United States each year, contaminating ground, surface and drinking water. These findings come as the EPA is in the process of “registration review” of atrazine, a process designed to determine whether the chemical can safely be used in light of new scientific study. The assessment will inform EPA's decision on whether to allow atrazine to be used for the next 15 years. The last time the agency fully analyzed the threats posed by atrazine was in 2003; no new registration decision has been made so far. In a historic settlement reached with the Center, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and EPA will analyze the impacts of atrazine on more than 1,500 endangered U.S. plants and animals. The agreement ensures that conservation measures will be put in place for atrazine in the future. The Center for Biological Diversity is a national, nonprofit conservation organization with more than 1 million members and online activists dedicated to the protection of endangered species and wild places.
This time of year always seems to be filled with ghosts of the four months that I spent living in Prague. Maybe it's the drop in temperature, or the quality of light, but I find myself lost in little memories almost daily. Thoughts of walking through the cobbled streets after dark, buying klobasy (sausages) and svarak (mulled wine) from the glowing carts. Shivering as I waited to catch the tram each morning, then suddenly overwhelmed with heat once I'd stepped through the doors. The view across the river on the way to and from class, of all those thousands of spires. Haggling with the Vietnamese vendors over scarf prices at the Holesovice market. Long afternoons spent sitting alone in the park, stealing pictures of the people around me. Riding the tram out to the end of the line to go for long and wandering runs through the forest, hardly knowing where I was headed or what I would see. Piling up on the floor of the dorm's music room with dozens of friends to listen to The Relatives play by candlelight.
Scrolling through my reader a few weeks back, I came across this short little post from Nicole, which triggered one particular memory for me. I spent much of my time in Prague taking pictures, but one particular shot I wanted to capture was the Charles Bridge at sunrise. Iconic and touristy? Yes, but I wanted it anyways.
Where we lived was a little ways out from the city center, maybe 20 minutes on the tram, plus a short walk on both ends. So getting a picture of the sunrise wasn't a matter of rolling out of bed, but an adventure that needed some planning. I chose a weekday with predictions for good weather, laid out my clothes, and set the alarm for 4 am. Without disturbing my 3 sleeping roommates (we all slept in the same room), I pulled on layers of clothes, grabbed my camera, and stepped out into the still-starry dark. As I waited on the corner for the tram, I was amazed to see so many other people up and about, mostly stony-faced Czech men headed out for work. I arrived at the bridge in that pre-dawn gray haze, hoping against hope the sunrise would be clear and worthwhile.
I think it was probably late September or early October, and it was chilly and misty by the river. There was no one else there, which was both lucky and eerie. As the first hints of light and color snuck into the sky I began to snap pictures at every angle until the pink was gone from the sky and my fingers were stiff with cold. Then, I put away the camera and walked. Walked and walked along the river, absorbing everything around me going through its early morning routine – the old man in the row boat, the swans clustered around the shore, vendors setting out goods. I walked until I reached Cafe Savoy, where I had been wanting to try the hot chocolate. I sat on a bench, chilled to the bone, until the cafe opened, and was one of the first customers inside. Sitting by myself in the corner, I slowly sipped the rich chocolate until my insides were warm and my fingers had unclenched. Then, I walked to school and promptly fell asleep on the couch.
Hot chocolate is a bit of a thing in Prague. There are dozens of round-up articles of the best hot chocolate in town, and there is a cup out there for every taste. The ones I associate most with Prague are the thick ones, like the one served at Cafe Louvre – it's more like hot chocolate pudding then a drink, but it's certainly an exercise in indulgence. To celebrate this post and that morning and all my lovely memories of Prague, I made a pot of hot chocolate – the thick kind made from real chocolate – and a batch of chocolate cut-out cookies for dipping. It's hitting the spot.
Every single day there was an adventure. Every day was marked by freedom. I can't remember a time in my life when I've felt more alive than those four months. It could just be because of the rosy haze of memory, but I think there's more to it than that. I think I'll have to go back to find out. But for now, I'm enjoying the beginning of winter on this side of the ocean.
European-Style Hot Chocolate
Adapted from Bell'Alimento. Serves 2-3. (A little goes a long way!)
4 oz. high quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped into pieces
1 1/2 c. whole milk
1 TBS sugar
2 tsp corn starch
whipped cream for topping
Add chocolate and 2 TBS of the milk to a small saucepan. Melt the chocolate over low heat, stirring the whole time. Once melted, slowly whisk in remaining milk until well combined. Add the sugar and the corn starch and whisk to fully integrate and dissolve. Cook the hot chocolate over low heat, whisking the whole time, until the chocolate has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon. It will take about 10 minutes for the chocolate to begin thickening, but once it does, it will continue to thicken quickly so keep an eye on it! Serve hot.
Chocolate Cut-out Cookies
Recipe adapted slightly from Bake at 350. Makes 40-50 cookies.
2 1/2 c. flour
1/2 c. cocoa powder
1 tsp instant espresso powder
1 c. (2 sticks) salted butter, at room temperature or slightly softened in microwave
1 c. sugar
1 egg
1 tsp vanilla
Whisk together flour, cocoa powder, and espresso powder in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat together softened butter with sugar until the mixture is light and creamy. Beat in the egg until fully combined, then beat in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture in 3 additions, fully incorporating the flour into the butter between each addition. The dough will appear somewhat crumbly, but should stay together when pressed into a ball. Press the dough into two disks, then wrap these in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350°F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper. Lightly flour your work space and a rolling pin, and roll out one of the disks of dough to about 1/4 inch thickness. If the dough is cracking or not staying together, knead with your hands until it is smooth and workable. Cut out as many cookies as you can from the dough, then press back into a ball and roll out again. Repeat until all dough is used. Bake cookies for 7-8 minutes, then remove to a cooling rack. Frost and decorate once fully cooled.
4
Share 75 Pin 518 Shares
By David Pendered
Editor's note: Visit our page Sept. 22 to read more on this subject and the broader issue of millennials in metro Atlanta.
The Atlanta Regional Commission recruited some of the sharpest millennial minds in metro Atlanta to come up with their best solutions to the region's thorniest problems. The overarching response is that no challenge is too great if folks are willing to try new things and work together.
A proposed Pledge to Win the Future is the clearest example of the unified approach that one group of millennials think the region should use to approach its challenges. Presenter Michael Leithead said Denver created its Mile High Compact 15 years ago, and the compact helped create a shared vision for the region.
Eight working groups of millennials presented their solutions in a format similar to those on the TV show, Shark Tank. The Millennial Mixer, on Monday evening, culminated a project that ARC Executive Director Doug Hooker has pursued for almost three years. The teams have been working most of this year.
After the mixer, Hooker said they viewed the eight teams as a convergence of focus group, think tank, and implementation team.
“They are a focus group in that we started with the idea of putting them in a lot of settings they are comfortable in and asking, ‘what do you want to see in this region and what will keep you committed.' We got lots of ideas and these eight subjects rose to the top. So that's a focus group.
“The think tank aspect is, ‘How do you put these ideas into action; how does the region implement them,'” Hooker said. “As far as implementation team, you saw their energy, their excitement. They are laser focused on implementing these ideas.”
At this point, Nick Juliano, a presenter, walked up and offered to be a contact for future stories about their group's effort. Juliano said they wanted to approach the Metro Atlanta Chamber to gauge its support and interest on advancing the group's subject – creating a unified voice of support for transit in metro Atlanta, and a unified transit system to operate it.
Hooker offered to introduce Juliano to chamber chamber President/CEO Hala Moddelmog, who attended the mixer.
The solution Juliano and their teammates devised is to unify the support for transit that is emerging throughout the region. A number of polls have showed a rising level of support across the region for improving transit.
The group already has created a website to begin building support and gathering responses to a poll.
A related aspect is to unify the region's five major transit systems in order to promote the development of a comprehensive transit system. The group cites MARTA, GRTA, Cobb Community Transit, Gwinnett County Transit, and Atlanta Streetcar.
According to a statement on the website: “Transit is top of mind for individuals across the region, but this has translated to limited action. If metro Atlanta is to remain competitive as a region, it will need to provide residents with a comprehensive and unified transit system capable of moving people conveniently and efficiently throughout the region.”
A second team that considered the transit issue considered the issue of healthy transit habits.
The upshot is to make MARTA an integral part of life in metro Atlanta. Ideas include an app that lists events occurring at locations near MARTA bus and rail stops; expanding the fresh market concept that MARTA has developed at the West End Station; staging pop up community gardens in underused parking lots; and having live DJs mix music inside MARTA trains.
MARTA would hire an art curator to coordinate the events, according to presenter Blake Bredbenner.
VIDEO: Police investigating five overnight robberies at UC Berkeley Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Video
BERKELEY (KRON) -- Berkeley police are investigating five overnight robberies that happened on the South Campus of UC Berkeley, police said on Tuesday.
Police said the robberies happened between 10 p.m. and 11:45 p.m. Monday night while the victims were walking on campus. Detectives believe all five cases are related.
The first robbery happened on Dwight Way and Piedmont Avenue at around 10:02 p.m, police said. The second happened on Benvenue and Derby Streets at around 10:15 p.m.
The third robbery took place on Channing Way and Dana Street at 10:19 p.m., detectives said. The fourth one happened on Garber Street and College Avenue at 10:30 p.m.
And the fifth one happened, according to police, at Benvenue and Parker Streets at 11:41 p.m.
In four of the five robberies, a gun was involved. The second robbery was a strong-arm robbery, police said.
Police said there are two suspects. Both are described as black men and being between their late teens and early 20s.
The first suspect is about 5 feet 7 inches tall, with a medium build, wearing a gray sweatshirt. The second suspect is 6 feet tall, with a thin build, seen wearing a black hooded sweatshirt.
Police are urging residents to:
Pay attention to your surroundings
Travel in large groups whenever possible
Consider putting your smartphone in a pocket while in transit
Attempt to travel in well-lighted, highly populated areas whenever possible
If you have any information, you are asked to call police at (510)-981-5900.
Vennu Mallesh. If you haven't heard that name bouncing around various social media platforms lately, you've got to be living under a rock. Vennu is a fascinating musical powerhouse originating from the beautiful India. Their first masterpiece “It's My Life” has exceeded 2,000,000 views, and he's right on track to becoming a viral sensation. Their second song aptly entitled “Wish U Enjoy New Year” is a beautiful tune, with a slightly confusing message due to the semi broken English (or as they call it “Venglish”) is also growing in popularity, with almost 50,000 views.
Vennu, who's the Indian counterpart to another musical genius Rebecca Black was kind of enough to sit down with us and give us an honest and truly inspiring interview. We covered an array of subjects, ranging from their haters or “Hell Wishers” to their love life and what they look for in a romantic companion. The wording in the interview below is from the man himself, we thought it'd be important for our readers to get a true sense of just how eloquent Vennu is so that they could truly grasp the inspiring messages he's got to offer the world.
1. Vennu, tell us. How has fame changed your life? Do people approach and mob you on the street? What is this like for you?
No Change.I can go freely anywhere.Very few people watched My Songs in India.So,I am similar to an unknown person.
2. Whatever happened to Lipsika in the “It's My Life” music video? Do you plan on making more beautiful music with her?
Lipsika who is My co-singer in “ It's My Life whatever I wanna Do “.She is a Wonderful Singer.She sings in films ( Telugu ).For My second song “ Wish U Enjoy New Year “ there is no female voice in the song.So,I haven't asked them to sing. If a female voice requires I will definately ask them to sing.
3. What is the status of your love life as of now? What qualities do you look for in a girl?
I am Single.I don't have any girlfriends up to now.I specially like a Girl who respects and follows Indian Tradition.
4. On your facebook page you talk about all sorts of wise things. Do you think it's important to share your words of wisdom with the world?
In My FaceBooK or Twitter I share My thoughts,My opinions,Some incidents in My Life,My way of living and also about My Projects. Feeling them as Wise or Mad depends on the People's Attitude.For Me it's very important to share with WorldOfVennu.
5. What are your plans for the future in regards to your career and your personal life?
I am planning to direct a Film.An year ago I completed writing Story,Screenplay,Dialogues. After finding the Producer and further discussions I will let U know the Film details.I am also thinking about Songs.Let me see what happens next.
6. What artist would you compare yourself to? Which artist are you most alike?
I don't compare Myself to anyone as an Artist and also as a Human Being.Because,I strongly believe every Artist/ person is different.
7. Some criticise you for not speaking excellent English. What is your response to this?
For the people who suggest Me to learn English,I suggest them to understand Vennglish. I am also curious to know about what they will do with their excellent English. A language is like a Bridge which transfers one's feelings to other.So,are they able to understand My feelings or not is important not the mistakes in the language.
8. At the end of “It's My Life” you say “Don't believe me, I am a true Liar.” This is very interesting. What does it mean?
GooD Question…Why I said like that means,I want to test the people.After listening the Song completely will they believe a 4 minute song which is My Life or just a Single word in the end of the Song ? For example, if a person says they are dumb will U believe their words or the Truth.
9. How do you deal with nasty messages online? Do you have any advice towards dealing with them?
Nasty messages are very common.Because,a person like Me will definately have Hell Wishers/Enemies..I mostly don't care for them.My opinion is Becoming Successfull is the Best Revenge U can ever take on Enemies/Hell Wishers.
10. If you were stranded on a desert island, what items would you bring?
I am not much intelligent to answer this Question.
11. Watermelons or pencil sharpeners? Which do you prefer, and why?
Same Answer as the above.
12. Is it difficult to create such brilliant lyrics and musical masterpieces so frequently?
Difficulty means it depends on the knowledge we have regarding the concept of the song,language and the words to be used. “ It's My Life whatever I wanna Do “ is very easy to Me to write lyrics when compared to others.Because,I am the concept of the Song.
13. How talented do you think you are? Do you consider yourself a good dancer, or do you play instruments?
I can't say how much.But,I know I am talented.I love dancing.I don't play instruments because I can't.
14. You keep referring to a language called “Venglish” could you tell us more about this intriguing concept?
As some people always saying that I am disrespecting English I answered them “ It's not English it's Vennglish “.Vennglish is nothing but rules broken English.My way of writing or speaking English is called Vennglish. The words Hell Wishers,Heartograph,U instead of you,GooD etc; belongs to Vennglish…
15. Tell us about the recording process, how do you go about creating your songs?
First I write lyrics,then I compose tune.After that I think about how the instrumentation should be.After that keyboard feeding and so on…
16. Thank you for doing this interview! It's not just an interview…it's my life.
No.It's not Ur Life,it's just an Interview only.Than Q Very Much.Wish U All the Best. And Enjoy the New Year.
==
Stay updated and social with Popspoken: Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
SYRACUSE — While skipping class isn't recommended for any student who wants to do well in school, not many think of truancy as criminal activity.
The LDS Seminary faculty at Syracuse High School, however, recently sent an email to parents of students reminding them that “any student caught at the high school during their seminary hour (would) receive a Trespassing Citation.”
The seminary faculty sent the email as a reminder from the school resource officer, who wished to remind parents and students of the consequences students would face if they were found cutting class.
Several parents who received the email found the policy more severe than anticipated, especially since trespassing is coded as criminal activity.
"A trespassing citation works just like any other citation. You have to go to the court and, most likely, pay a fine, talk to the judge about it,” Syracuse police detective Erin Behm said.
The email sent out was not a change in policy, but had always been part of the high school's requirements regarding release time permissions and is a district-wide policy.
“(The) parents, when they sign them up for seminary, actually sign a contract and say, ‘Hey, you know if they're caught in school during seminary hours, they get a trespassing ticket,' and the parents actually sign it, along with the student,” Behm said. “So they're well-aware. They may not have read it, which is unfortunate, however, they are told that.”
Students may receive permission from the school to leave campus for one of several reasons, Davis County School District spokesperson Chris Williams said, including LDS seminary.
The student can receive permission to leave campus to attend seminary, but they are required to be in the seminary building if they have received this permission. If they are on campus, they can receive a trespassing citation.
According to the Syracuse High School Handbook, “The first trespassing citation will be a verbal warning; subsequent citations may result in monetary fines.”
Williams said that, while students are at school, the school acts in the role of parent, or "in loco parentis."
"When students enter our school... we as educators are basically filling the role of parent, so we're making sure they're where they're supposed to be, that they're safe, that they aren't somewhere where we don't know where they are," Williams said.
Williams defended the school resource officer, saying the officer must have seen a growing problem on campus to have issued a reminder.
"He wouldn't have sent this out if there wasn't necessarily a problem existing. They must have seen something — must have seen quite a number of students who weren't necessarily in the place that they should have been," Williams said.
"I'm not saying that it was necessarily release time for LDS seminary, it could be anything.... (but) students received permission to leave the campus for release time no matter what purpose that release time involves, they need to adhere to that agreement."
Joshua Rawson-Harris / Unsplash
When Stephen Smith was in their sophomore year at college, they were on the football team, and working towards a degree in Economics and Chinese. Then, something took a turn.
"I was a starting quarterback at my school, living the life, everything was going perfectly," they told Business Insider. "Then there was a huge collapse. Basically I wasn't able to leave my house — it was a very bad time."
Smith was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD), which, according to the World Health Organization (WHO), affects about 1.2% of the population,
OCD is ranked in the top ten of the most disabling illnesses of any kind, in terms of lost earnings and diminished quality of life. But many people still don't really know that much about it as a condition.
Smith wanted to change this, and so they set up nOCD, an app which helps people with OCD get treatment 24/7 and connect with others who understand them.
In less than a year, nOCD has amassed a community of more than 80,000 people who can talk to and help each other. They can also submit information about their own diagnoses and treatments which are used for research into the condition.
"We can help make a better future for them ," said Smith, who is very familiar with how isolating OCD can be. "Short term, we can provide content and effective support; long term, we provide industry with the insight necessary to improve OCD treatment."
There are many misconceptions about OCD, including exactly what it is and what the symptoms are.
Smith told Business Insider what it is in their own words, and what they want people to know and understand about what it's really like to live with.
You have endless obsessive thoughts
Smith said having OCD is a bit like having a song stuck in your head, but that song creates anxiety, and never goes away.
"You have these recurring thoughts that you can't get out of your head," Smith said.
"But it's a little bit more personal than [a song]. You have these extreme fears that you can't get out of your head, so to get them out of your head you do specific actions, called compulsions. The problem is, by doing those actions, you essentially make the fear grow stronger and stronger."
The fears people experience are so severe, Smith says, it can make their chest tighten, throat close, produce dizziness. The treatment to combat this is a form of cognitive behavioural therapy, which helps people resist doing these compulsions.
"The principal of OCD treatment is learning to accept uncertainty," Smith said.
"So people with OCD are often not willing to accept uncertainty... An example is somebody who fears they are going to hit someone while driving, so they start driving and getting anxious, thinking what if I hit somebody, or did I just hit somebody by accident? Then they will go back and check that they didn't go and run over somebody, a compulsion."
The more the person goes back to check, the more they are reassured. But that also means they are reinforcing that fear and it will come back stronger. Smith said it's like picking at a scab — you know you shouldn't, and it gets worse the more you do it, but it's hard to stop.
The treatment basically aims to get people to the stage that the fear doesn't bother them anymore.
Dmitry Ratushny / Unsplash
It's often nothing to do with cleanliness
A common misconception about OCD is that people with it like things to be clean. You might have heard people say they are "OCD" about things, because they like to have everything in order, no mess on their desks, and their kitchen is spotless.
But that's not really what OCD is about. Someone might have the specific fear that something bad will happen if they don't keep clean, and so they obsessively tidy up — although that's not something everyone with the disorder experiences.
"People with OCD have very specific fears," Smith said. "For example, someone may have the fear 'If I leave my room messy I could get sick and die.'
"So the fear is getting sick and dying, and to prevent that from coming true, they clean."
It can take a long time to find the right treatment
Cognitive behavioural therapy for OCD works very well, with people gaining good control over their fears, and learning to not reinforce their compulsions.
But Smith says that because the condition isn't widely well understood, people aren't always pointed in the right direction.
"The problem is it can take 14 to 17 years to find effective treatment, which is ridiculous," they said.
"The WHO ranks OCD a top-10 disorder for loss of income, because people are so crippled by it they can't work. So we think this is an incredible opportunity to help a huge section of the population worldwide."
This is why they want people to be aware of the real symptoms. The longer someone has been suffering with the symptoms of OCD, the longer it will take for the treatment to work.
Smith said that if people can recognise the signs early, then it can be treated pretty quickly and effectively.
"There needs to be more OCD awareness in society. If someone's saying, 'I can't get this thought out of my head and it's torturing me,' you better know that it's OCD," they said.
It's not obvious, and people often think, 'I don't know what's wrong with you, I have no idea.'"
The goal is to get awareness of OCD to a place that is comparable to other mental health conditions which are better understood.
For example, if someone says they are feeling down all the time, or they can't get out of bed, they are fairly quickly diagnosed with depression.
"Once that awareness exists, you'll see a lot of people coming forward for treatment because they'll know where to turn," Smith said.
The wrong treatment can be very harmful
Misdiagnoses do happen, and if a patient is told to give into their compulsions instead of resisting them, that makes the anxiety escalate.
But it's not just the doctors. The families of people with OCD can also make things worse if they don't fully understand the condition.
For example, the logical thing is to find an answer if someone has a fear. If a child is scared of the dark, you can simply turn on the lights and show them there are no monsters there. But with someone with OCD, those answers will never be good enough.
"The brain isn't structured in a way that they can find answers that stick," Smith said. "It's like throwing something against the wall and it's sliding down — nothing will ever stick."
Ideally, through the work of nOCD and increased awareness of OCD, the truth about it will be common knowledge.
Until then, the best thing families can do, Smith said, is help that person find an OCD specialist. There are organisations like OCD UK that can help people connect with doctors who thoroughly understand the condition.
Loosely based on Mark Wahlberg's experiences in Hollywood, the HBO show Entourage lasted for eight seasons before people finally grew tired of the bromances, limp wisecracks and endless cameos of real-life stars playing satirical versions of themselves.
But the show lives on inside India Castle in Cambridge, only because the owner, Rabhbir Singh, physically cannot get rid of it.
Decorated with the kinds of intricate and colorful paintings you typically find in an Indian eatery, the restaurant has one piece of art that doesn't seem to belong — an old Entourage poster. The ad, which shows Vince Chase and their crew “bro-ing'' out over some drinks, is locked in a silver frame behind the host stand.
Advertisement
When questioned by a reporter about the poster's origins, Singh, who was standing behind the bar, denied having a poster in the restaurant. They said they had no idea what Entourage was.
They then walked around to the front of the restaurant to take a look, and put their hands on their hips.
“Oh this?'' they said. “This has been here forever.''
Singh said the poster has been locked in the frame, which is bolted to the wall, for years. They said a representative from a local TV station made them a deal — let us come change the poster in the box every two weeks, and we'll pay you. Singh said they can't remember how much they were supposed to be paid because the representative put the Entourage poster in and never came back.
A representative from TV38 said that no one at the station has any clue about the poster, who might have put it there, or how long it's been there.
It's been locked in the frame ever since. Singh doesn't have the key.
“The box used to light up and it doesn't anymore, but I can't get it out,'' they said. “I guess it's stuck.''
Advertisement
Singh has never watched an episode of the show and doesn't plan on seeing the movie, which came out Wednesday.
The rep seems to have forgotten about the poster. After the movie comes out, we can, too. But for Singh, Entourage will never go away, at least until they find the key or smashes the glass.
Summer blockbuster movies rated by Rotten Tomatoes
Previous -- of -- Next Advertisement
Correction: An earlier version of this story said India Castle has been trapped with this poster for 11 years. Further investigation has determined that the ordeal has in fact lasted 5 years. We regret this error.
Before they smoked crack cocaine, before they admitted to drinking and driving, before they showed up raging drunk at a function honouring Canada's armed forces, before they bowled over a colleague in council chambers—before they became an international laughingstock, in other words—Rob Ford was a populist city councillor with designs on Toronto's mayoralty. And win it they did in 2010, quite handily, thanks in large part to the citizens of “Ford Nation.” More refined city types might have howled, but with a near-record voter turnout, it was participatory democracy at its best.
The population of Ford Nation is notably diminished today, as their leader has stumbled from charming oddity to dangerous pariah. And yet, incredibily, they remain in the mayor's chair of Canada's largest city, their powers curtailed but their title intact.  They are there because of their obstinacy and because of the citizens of Ford Nation, who continue to give legitimacy to their favourite mayor—and who are proof of the dangers of caustic partisanship, a growing problem in Canadian politics.
Ford Nation has hardened as it has shrunk, adopting a garrison mentality in which Ford opponents are likened to, in the words of one pro-Ford website, “gravy-train spendaholics,” “slop-diving troughers” and “progressives.”
This isn't the stuff of a few nameless cranks. A recent poll taken days after Ford was stripped of most of their powers suggested the mayor has a 42 per cent job-approval rating. While support doesn't necessarily translate into votes come next October's municipal election, it is a comfortable perch on which Ford can sit until then. Ford Nation once brought massive (and, arguably, necessary) change to Toronto; today, it holds Canada's largest city hostage.
Partisanship might be defined as the triumph of gut over brains. It turns caustic when the afflicted defend the indefensible or the absurd, out of a perverse sense of loyalty. It affects both sides of America's political spectrum, from those who think President Barack Obama walks on water to those who believe they were born a Kenyan Muslim.
Though not as deep-seated as in the U.S., caustic partisanship is taking a firmer grip on both the right and the left in Canada. Take Toronto Centre, one of the country's most liberal (and Liberal) ridings. Liberal candidate Chrystia Freeland and their NDP counterpart Linda McQuaig are similar: Both are strong-willed, left-of-centre journalists who have written passionately about income inequality. The campaign nonetheless degenerated into petty name-calling by partisans and political types alike. Liberals criticized McQuaig for having once lived in a nice house, while the NDP camp put forth the absurdist notion that Freeland was ambivalent to gay rights. Freeland handily won the by-election, as predicted. Yet the exercise was nasty, and its level of debate hardly uplifting.
Not to be outdone, both Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau and NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair dove into the slop. After their party's win in the Montreal riding of Bourassa, Trudeau cynically repurposed former NDP leader Jack Layton's dying words into a Liberal victory speech. It was an unnecessary thumb in the eye, given the riding in question has been solidly Liberal for 20 years. Mulcair responded by questioning Trudeau's “judgment and character”—a worthy point, to be sure, but a bit odd coming from the man who has spent much of their political career as a partisan attack dog.
There are any number of reasons for the uptick in partisan surliness in Canadian politics. Social media have turned every partisan into a pundit, and political discourse into duelling echo chambers. Lower voter turnout rates have made winning elections largely a matter of which party can best fire up its base. Increasingly, fundraising is done on the backs of one's political opponents. It is perhaps why politicians themselves seem to have more personal enmity for one another—or, at least, less apprehension in expressing it.
Canadians are fed up. A recent Léger Marketing poll suggested less than one-fifth of Canadians have significant confidence in their elected representatives. Federally, voter turnout rates have been on an accelerated downward slide since 1984. When partisans shout, most people tune out.
If there is a cautionary tale about the consequences of caustic partisanship, it is the rolling political nightmare of the Senate scandal. As a senator, Mike Duffy shamelessly shilled and fundraised for the Conservative brand. The Conservative party was more than happy to defend this situation, until Duffy's expenses became a political liability.
The resulting mess saw Duffy turn against their former party, and the party suffer politically from its shoddy attempts at damage control. If the Conservative party's handling of the latest chapter of Duffygate—the potential political interference in a Senate audit—is any indication, the Conservative party hasn't yet learned the dangers of excess partisanship. Perhaps the partisans of all stripes should.
“The interaction between government and business will change forever. In a reset economy, the government will be a regulator; and also an industry policy champion, a financier and a key partner.” – Jeffrey Immelt, CEO of General Electric
From the first days of this site we have chronicled GE's mastery of the crony capitalist system. The company is extremely good at leveraging its size and political connections. Arguably there's no company that works the system better.
When its finances were imploding GE got the government to backstop them. GE got the government to mandate its expensive light bulbs. Governments often pay for the training of GE employees if GE agrees to locate in a certain area. The company is a key part of the military industrial complex. If there's a wind turbine in your county it was likely made by GE and subsidized by the taxpayer. And on and on. The company knows how exploit government and the citizenry. It seems as if it is always looking for such opportunities.
And Jeff Immelt, GE's CEO, sees opportunity in sub-Saharan Africa. It is the last part of the world largely devoid of electricity. It's a giant potential market, but it's risky. However, if GE could find a way for the US taxpayer to underwrite the risk, to mitigate the downside, then maybe the giant company could do business there.
If only…
Luckily for GE President Obama is happy to oblige.
(From Forbes) G.E. CEO Jeffrey Immelt, who until early this year chaired the president's Council on Jobs and Effectiveness, is accompanying Obama on their Africa trade mission. Immelt will clearly appreciate a financial backstop from Uncle Sam. Federal guarantees will reduce G.E. financial risks in Africa and will help it compete better against Chinese companies, which have been falling over themselves to invest in Africa.
Click here for the article.
For Immediate Release
Girls' Band Project "BanG Dream!" to Simulcast on Anime Network Online
HOUSTON, JANUARY 9, 2017 - Anime Network Online (ANO) might not have a stage big enough to host the newest addition to the Winter 2017 lineup: the girls' band project "BanG Dream!"
The anime is part of an exciting mixed-media project featuring live performances by the popular girls' band, Poppin' Party, and includes the group's three hit singles, "Yes! BanG_Dream!", "STAR BEAT! ~Hoshi no Kodou~", and "Hashirihajimeta bakari no kimini". The story follows Kasumi Toyama (played by Poppin' Party's lead singer, Aimi) when their life changes on the day they find a star-shaped guitar. Determined to form an all-girl band, their search leads them to four like-minded souls: Saya, Arisa, Rimi, and Tae (all brought to life by the members of Poppin' Party).
BanG Dream! begins airing on Saturday, January 21, 2017. ANO subscribers in the United States of America, Canada, Turkey, Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, the Netherlands and Latin America will be able to stream new episodes every Saturday at 9:00 AM EST.
About Anime Network:
Anime Network Online (ANO) is a leading independent streaming service that specializes in distributing classic, new, and simulcast Japanese animation titles to fans throughout North America and select countries across the globe on a title by title basis. With thousands of hours of anime programming refreshed monthly, ANO's offering is as deep as it is diverse. ANO's library features both dubbed and subtitled anime with the goal to deliver language accessible high-quality anime selections to its passionate international community.
Contact:
Samantha Stevens
news@theanimenetwork.com
Earlier this week we found out that Gold Glove backstop Yadier Molina tabled contract discussions with the St. Louis Cardinals. Yesterday the agent for Molina, who's entering the final year of their contract, made it clear that their client is not interested in negotiating an extension during the regular season. At this point it appears that any agreement reached by the Cardinals and Molina won't come until the offseason.
In speaking with Joe Strauss of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Molina's agent Melvin Roman confirmed that once the season begins their client will be focused on bringing another championship to St. Louis. While that leaves a small window for contract negotiations to take place this spring, talks have been tabled for the time being.
According to Roman, he's unsure how long this hiatus will last. When asked when talks are expected to resume, Roman said “it could be tomorrow. It could be two days. It could be two weeks”. The only thing that Roman was sure of concerning negotiations was the fact that if the Cardinals want Molina back, he'll come back.
There's no question in my mind that St. Louis would like to have their All-Star catcher in the fold for the long haul. Molina has also made it clear that he's interested in remaining with the club that drafted them in 2000.
That being said, both sides have indicated that negotiations will be all business. Molina has said that he's not necessarily interested in giving the Cardinals a hometown discount. Instead Molina is looking to take care of their family and, one way or another, hopes to get paid as one of the best catchers in the game.
For more on the Cardinals, be sure to check out Redbirds Rants.
You can follow Call to the Pen on Twitter at @FSCalltothePen or like us here on Facebook.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton remains the 2016 presidential candidate to beat, but their handling of the Benghazi, Libya assassination of the U.S. ambassador, panned by the public, has significantly knocked their approval ratings down from an all-time high of just three months ago, according to a new poll.
While their favorability rating in February was 61 percent, a new Quinnipiac University poll out Friday had it cobbled down to 52 percent and their once double-digit lead over potential GOP presidential challengers Jeb Bush and Sen. Rand Paul has been cut to less than 10 percent.
"Her score is down substantially from their all-time high score in February. The drop in their favorability is substantial among men, Republicans and independent voters. One reason for their drop may be that 48 percent of voters blame them either a little or a lot for the death of the American ambassador in Benghazi," said Peter A. Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University polling Institute.
The drop in their favorability rating follows a series of GOP-led congressional hearings into the State Department's mishandling of the Benghazi affair. More are planned and lawmakers have demanded that Clinton's top political aides at State appear to testify.
Still, they are the Democrat's best chance to succeed President Obama in the Oval Office. In matchups with the leading Republican hopefuls, Clinton beats Paul 49 percent to 41 percent and Bush 48 percent to 40 percent.
Vice President Joe Biden is their chief rival for the job. But in the new poll they lose to Bush by six points and Paul by four points.
"If Ms. Clinton chooses not to run in 2016, the potential Democratic field could include a somewhat unpopular vice president and a number of new faces who are unknown to the vast majority of Americans," said Brown. "The potential Republican candidates include many unknowns also. Some of them, however, lead the incumbent vice president and outscore them when it comes to overall voter favorability."
FBI Director James Comey testifies before Congress. (Screen grab from C-SPAN)
(CNSNews.com) – When then-FBI director James Comey announced on July 5, 2016 – one week after Attorney General Loretta Lynch met privately with Bill Clinton on an airplane in Arizona -- that Hillary Clinton would not be prosecuted for their use of a private email server, Comey's boss, Lynch, did not know what they were going to do.
“But, in fact, it appears they did it without their approval, totally, and that is a pretty stunning thing,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions told the Senate intelligence committee on Tuesday.
“It is a stunning thing,” Sessions repeated. “It violates fundamental power, and then when they reaffirmed that – the rightness they believed of their decision on May 3 (before Congress)…that was additional confirmation that the director's thinking was not clear.”
Comey, at the July 5 news conference concerning Clinton's email practice, said: "Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case."
Sen. Sessions testified on Tuesday that it is “correct” to say that the Russian investigation did not factor into the recommendation to fire Director Comey.
Sessions indicated that Comey was fired because they were a rogue elephant, going around their boss to make decisions on prosecution.
“I believe we're going to have a new and excellent FBI director, a person who is smart, disciplined with integrity and proven judgment that will be good for the Bureau,” Sessions said.
Sessions' letter recommending the firing of Comey did not mention Russia at all.
Sessions, in their letter, said they had concluded that a “fresh start” was needed at the FBI:
“The director of the FBI must be someone who follows faithfully the rules and principles of the Department of Justice and who sets the right example for our law enforcement officials and others in the department,” Sessions wrote.
Sessions told Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) on Tuesday that Comey was fired, partly based on their handling of the Hillary Clinton investigation: "That was part of it, and the commenting on the investigation in ways that go beyond the proper policies.
"We need to restore, Senator Collins, I think, the classic discipline in the department. My team, we've discussed this. There's been too much leaking and too much talking publicly about investigations. In the long run, the department's historic rule that you remain mum about investigations is the better policy."
From next week on, if you work in south Mumbai and miss the last train home, don't you worry. You will still be able to make it to bed before sunrise, courtesy BEST's all-night service.Come Wednesday, the BEST plans to revive three all-night routes that it ran until a few years ago. The special services will start after the last trains leave CST and Churchgate, and will run at intervals of an hour each. BEST will also allow commuters to travel by its staff buses to the distant suburbs. There three routes are: No 1 from Shama Prasad Mukherjee Chowk (Museum) to Mahim Bus Depot; No 66 from Ballard Pier to Sion hospital; and, No 124 from Colaba to Worli Village.The fares on the all-night services will be the same as those charged during the day.In addition to the three routes, each night there are also BEST staff buses which ply from every bus depot to the nearest railway stations and the various BEST staff quarters across the city. Regular commuters, including those living in distant suburbs such as Borivali, Mulund and Mankhurd, will henceforth be allowed to travel by these staff buses which will now have conductors to issue tickets.The three proposed routes used to ply at nights less than a decade ago, but were discontinued as they were placing an additional burden on the BEST due to their low occupancy.General Manager O P Gupta of BEST said, “We have studied all the routes and will run them right through the night on a trial basis from next week. After some time we will review the response from commuters, and then decide on launching full-fledged services.” BEST Committee Chairman Arvind Dudhvadkar said, “Besides the three routes which we will start from Wednesday, we will also allow regular commuters to travel by staff buses. We will finalise the proposal once we check out the response.”Dudhvadkar further said, “At the moment, route No 65 operates from Museum to Maheshwari Udyan (King's Circle) and runs close to several stations on both Western and Central Railway. These include Marine Lines, Charni Road, Mumbai Central, Byculla, Chinckpokli, Lower Parel, Dadar and King's Circle. We will check the response to the proposed three routes, and if feasible will consider this as an additional route for the all-night service.”Mayor Sunil Prabhu has wholeheartedly backed the proposal, saying that BMC will approve of it at the civic general body meeting. “We recently sent a proposal to the State Government to extend Mumbai's night life by allowing restaurants and shops to stay open throughout the night. The BEST's all-night services will help no end in this regard.”
Earlier this week a Ryanair Boeing 737-800, did an emergency landing here in Rome.
On its approach to Ciampino airport, the airplane hit a large flock of birds about 50ft off the ground. It experienced multiple bird strikes to both engines, most probably loosing its main power.
The pilot performed an emergency landing, by slamming onto the airstrip. Through the force, the plane veered back in the air and bounced again onto the tarmac. Then the plane slipped off the side of the runway, but the pilot managed to get it onto the tarmac again. They stopped the aircraft at the very end of the strip.
After evacuating the passengers from the plane, the airplane's left main landing gear collapsed (sounds almost like a cartoon script), rolling the plane on its side, severely damaging the wing and the belly of the fuselage.
Lord Howe Island, Pacific
Kabua International Airport, Majuro atoll, Marshall Islands
Macao International Airport
Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland
Off the coast of Greenwood, Canada
I have never been much of a military person,
but one can not but look in amazement
at this evac landing in Afghanistan.
And for the real adventurous, there is of course...
the Alpha strip on the Antarctic.
Pictures The Aviation Herald, climantartide.it and Airliners.net. With thanks to my Friend E, flying enthusiast!
For what could have been much worse, only two crew members and three passengers suffered of minor injuries. ( Full This makes me think "there are moments you just have to trust the pilot". Including when approaching runways like these:You might also read The World's 10 Most Dangerous Airstrips , and how it can really go wrong in Italians, the Art of Flying and the Laws of Probability
After completing their eighth season for the Braves, it's easy to gloss over Tim Hudson's base stats, and simply think "good ‘ol reliable Huddy." And it's not entirely wrong either, because according to their base stats, Tim Hudson looked like more of the usual solid work they had given to the Braves pretty much every year: their 16 wins led the team; at 179.0 innings thrown, they were one away from tying with Mike Minor for the most innings pitched, and a 3.62 ERA over that span is acceptable, considering their career averages. 749 batters stepped to the plate against Huddy and hit .248/.304/.361, which is just about par with their career average slash-against line of .248/.310/.364, leaning towards slightly better.
But as always is the case, the base statistics are not necessarily the most sufficient degrees of analyzing a player anymore these days. As solid of base numbers that Tim Hudson had put up in 2012, the bigger picture leads to hypothetical questions of age beginning to catch up to Tim Hudson, and the subsequent decline that often is associated with the aging process. At 36-years old at the start of the 2012 season with 14 MLB seasons under their belt, Tim Hudson was at the age where even the best pitchers begin, if they already haven't, show some signs of aging.
On August 28, Tim Hudson was cruising, and the Braves were nursing a 1-0 lead over the Mets in Atlanta, on Chipper Jones Appreciation Night. In the seventh inning with two outs, and two runners on, the Mets' Lucas Duda stepped to the plate. After getting Duda to a 1-2 count, Duda would proceed to foul off three pitches and nurse the count full. On the ninth pitch of the at-bat, Huddy would hang a fastball and Duda launched a go-ahead, three-run home run that would ultimately win it for the Mets. Turner Field went quiet. I went quiet. Failure to secure the clutch out from Tim Hudson was something not a lot of us were used to. It didn't look like something that even Tim Hudson was used to.
Across the board, we do have legitimate reason to believe that perhaps 2012 was the year where age had begun to catch up to Huddy; just about every number on their Fangraphs and Baseball-Reference pages are worse than the prior year, and/or their career averages. We're not going to be too critical of these drops; everyone ages, and it's not like Huddy had any drastic extremes towards the negative; in fact, I'd be willing to wager that there are lots of veteran pitchers would have felt lucky to have aged as gracefully as Tim Hudson had over the last five years or so.
But the truth of the matter is that yes, Tim Hudson had dropped a little bit in just about every pertinent category. Huddy allowed 8.4 hits/9 (168 H), which is exactly where their career averages are, but it is also a declining trend from their last two previous seasons where they allowed 7.4 and 7.9 respectively. Huddy has never been a strikeout pitcher, but their 5.1 K/9 (102 Ks) rate is the second lowest he's turned in over their 14 year career, and the worst since 2004, when they were still pitching for the Athletics, and is almost an entire K lower than their career average of 6.0 K/9. At 2.4 BB/9, Huddy was still below their career norms of 2.7 BB/9, but again it is a decline from the previous year. 0.6 HR/9 is exactly the same as it was in 2011, and it's better than their career average of 0.7 HR/9, but consider the fact that Hudson had yielded 12 HR in 179.0 innings, whereas they had allowed 14 HR the previous year in 36 more innings total.
As is often the case with a groundball specialist, Tim Hudson does not fail to outperform their FIP of 3.78. Their xFIP isn't as pretty, as their 4.10 xFIP is their worst since 2006. Their WHIP rating of 1.21 is a little bit of decline from the two previous years, and looking at some of the more advanced stats, Huddy's tERA and SIERA were not favorable, and showed more considerable decline: 4.21 tERA, 4.14 SIERA.
But enough of the robot numbers, we're here to analyze and figure out just what led to this belief that Tim Hudson had a little bit of a stumble in 2012. For starters, as is the natural norm, with age comes a decrease in velocity, and Tim Hudson is no exception to that rule. Never known as a fireballer by any means, Huddy still had a fastball that averaged around 90-91 MPH throughout their career, but 2012 marked a season where their fastball averaged at 89.0 MPH, according to Fangraphs. Across the spectrum, all of their pitches lost a little bit of zip, and in the game where 1 MPH can easily make the difference between a 1-ish ERA to a 3-ish ERA, this is not something that can be dismissed.
The degradation of velocity is no more evident than in the plate discipline statistics for Tim Hudson opponents in 2012. Hitters were able to make contact with 84.3% of Tim Hudson pitches, almost 4% higher than their career norm; but anything inside the strike zone is being touched at a 92.2% clip. Both marks are career-highs for collective Tim Hudson opposition, and if you look at it in the perspective of 92% of pitches being touched, that exponentially means a high percentage of things to possibly go wrong.
In 2010, we witnessed a Tim Hudson season where 64.1% of batted balls ended up on the ground and where 32 double plays were turned. Both marks were fairly absurd in a good way as Braves fans, but also compared to Huddy's career averages. In 2012, almost an entire ten percent fewer balls ended up on the ground, and at 55.5%, marks the lowest GB% that Huddy has notched since 2002, a year removed from when Fangraphs even started logging GB% at all. Obviously, the number of double-plays turned is proportionate to the quality of the infield defense behind him, and Dan Uggla/Revolving Door SS isn't Martin Prado/Alex Gonzalez, but for a guy who has averaged 20 GIDPs turned behind them a season, Huddy's nine GIDPs forced in 2012 was scathingly low. To make matters worse, with the decline of GB%, came an increase in line drives and fly balls in general; never necessarily a good sign.
One eye-test observation that many a 2012 Braves fan may have made about Tim Hudson this season, was their susceptibility to the big inning. How many times did you watch a Tim Hudson start and thought "Man, he's through five innings in 48 pitches. Maybe he'll go the distance?" or something along those lines? If you're like me, probably more than you want to remember. Just eight times out of their 28 games did Tim Hudson actually throw more than 100 pitches, and one of them was indeed a complete-game shutout (vs. MIA, 6/5), but to no surprise, Huddy was very economical with their pitch counts overall. On the flip-side however, in eight of their 28 starts, Tim Hudson yielded four or more runs in a single inning, confirming that they were susceptible to the big inning.
The first inning was problematic to the point where it became routinely discussed on television and radio commentary, about how it was notable whenever Tim Hudson made it out of the first inning with no runs allowed. Cumulatively, batters hit Huddy at a .316/.372/.462 (.834 OPS) and stretching them out to a 6.75 ERA. Throughout the season, Huddy yielded more XBH in the first inning than any other inning.
However, on days in which Hudson didn't get burned in the first inning, they weren't days where Braves fans could really relax either; on the days in which it seemed like Hudson would cruise through seven, it would be the seventh inning where Huddy had worse results than all their first inning woes. Naturally, the fatigue factor from having pitched in six prior innings comes into play here, but we all witnessed days where it looked like Huddy would go all nine and should theoretically cruise through the seventh. Regardless, batters would go on to compile a .349/.417/.508 (.925 OPS) slash line against Hudson in seventh innings, with a 7.98 ERA.
On this note, the third time through the order for Tim Hudson throughout 2012, saw 202 batters hitting Huddy at a .291/.374/.477 clip; which is a stark contrast to their career average of .264/.329/.390 when hitters see them a third time in a game. It's safe to assume that fatigue has to do a lot with this, but at the same time, the declining velocity certainly stands out, at least in my mind.
An interesting deviation I noticed in Tim Hudson's numbers this year were their home/road splits. Throughout Huddy's career, he's typically pitched better at home (combined OAK/ATL) as indicative by the .239/.299/.349 slash listed for "home" starts, and an overall .247/.304/.357 at Turner Field. 2012 saw a season where Hudson was a noticeably better pitcher away from Atlanta than when they pitched at the Ted. Opposing hitters were hitting .266/.314/.369 against Hudson in Atlanta, all higher than their career norms, but when Tim Hudson situated in someone else's home, they were holding hitters to a .227/.293/.353 line.
In conclusion, in 2012, Tim Hudson did have another solid season for the Braves, overall. Perhaps it was age beginning to catch up to him, or the fact that they missed the start of the season while recovering from off-season back surgery, and occasionally had some ankle issues throughout the season, but it also wasn't the smoothest of seasons of their long and productive career. Maybe it was both. But for what it's worth, they were without question a positive contributor to the Braves, with fWAR liking them more at 2.3 fWAR over bWAR's 1.3 score. Let's face it though, WAR in general has never been as kind to contact pitchers and groundball specialists like Tim Hudson, so measuring them on that alone isn't necessarily the best measure. There's still fewer things more relaxing than seeing Tim Hudson mow through an inning on eight pitches with three groundball outs, whether or not it can be measured statistically.
As reported earlier this week, Tim Hudson was among the names of Braves players whose options were picked up for 2013. So it's great news that the Braves will have the luxury of Tim Hudson's services for at least one more year. At 37-years old come the start of the 2013 season, Huddy has stated that they aren't sure what lies ahead for their future, but that their health and pitching performance will tell them everything they need to know on whether or not they want to keep playing beyond 2013. I can't say I'd complain if they turned in more quality work in 2013 and were willing to sign another team-friendly extension for another year or two, and finish out their fruitful career with the Braves.
Juana Mora Cedeno and Tamara Adrian were chosen as this year's plenary speakers for the Global Conference on Human Rights kicking off this year's World OutGames Miami on May 26 through 29.
“We are excited to welcome Mora Cedeño and Adrián to our distinguished roster of speakers who will share their stories of strength and hope with an international audience as part of the World OutGames Miami Global Conference on Human Rights,” said CEO of World OutGames Miami Ivan Cano in a press release. “This conference, along with our other pillars of sports and culture, will offer an amazing experience and serve as a powerful tool to promote unity and inclusiveness.”
Cedeno is an LGBT activist and renowned artist in Cuba. They and other members of the Proyecto Manos Project met with Former President Barack Obama and Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi for a discussion on Cuba's LGBT human rights.  They are sponsored by the International Institute for Race, Equality and Human Rights.
Joining them is Tamara Adrian, the first elected transgender politician in Venezuela.  They are a transgender activist and lawyer, fighting for LGBT rights.  They are the president of the Committee of the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, president of the board of directors of Global Action for Trans Equality and the co-president of the Gay and Lesbian International Sports Association, the association that licenses the World OutGames. Them topic at the conference is “Sex, Gender and Sports: A remaining space for discrimination.”
The Global Conference on Human Rights brings together “25 notable activists, thought leaders and community figures addressing more than 35 topics that promote inclusivity in sports, health & wellness and global social justice,” the press release said. It is the start of World OutGames Miami, a 10-day event focusing on sports, human rights and culture. It takes place May 26 through June 4.
Truly, Trump is the best possible figurehead for a now-dead party. A bobble-headed liar. An empty gumball machine in a suit. A man who would go on television and declare that the sky was green just because they felt like it, that particular day, and wanted to see the faces of the party members now tasked with their daily upkeep as they scuttled to and fro insisting that as of that moment, on that day, it was now true.
Just another little something to keep in mind as the serious minds of the nation debate whether the Republican presidential nominee was making an attempt at dark humor or being earnest when they twice today publicly asked Russia or other nations to hack their Democratic counterpart's emails. By tomorrow he'll be denying it ever happened.
The former Gunners midfielder believes that the north London club can build on their consistency and now have the foundations in place to challenge for silverware
Former Arsenal midfielder Freddie Ljungberg belives the club will challenge for the title once more, and has backed "remarkable" manager Arsene Wenger to guide the Gunners to the summit of the Premier League.The north London club has not won a trophy in eight seasons, though won eight of their last 10 games of the 2012-13 season to claim Champions League qualification for the 16th consecutive season.And Ljungberg, who won two Premier League titles under Wenger, is adamant the club have what it takes to mount a title push next season, despite their ever-extending trophy drought."I think they have the foundations [for success]," the former Sweden star told Arsenal Player."I think it's extremely important that they qualified for the Champions League, otherwise it could be difficult to attract certain players. I always say that they are going to win the league so I'll say that again."The club went out after the game against Newcastle and said they weren't happy with being fourth. They want to win trophies as a club and I think that was a very important message they sent to all the fans."Gunners boss Wenger managed to guide their side to fourth spot last season despite calls for their head, and Ljungberg believes they are the right man to take Arsenal forward and one of the very best coaches around."I think [Wenger] and Sir Alex Ferguson are the best managers in the world," Ljungberg added.
"He's done remarkably well for a very long period of time and I think with some certain economical restraints at times when they were building the stadium. To still achieve what he's done is actually quite remarkable."
The Trump Administration's Terra Incognita for American Muslims
SARAH ELTANTAWI
President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration is terra incognita for American Muslims. Never before has an American president embraced such blatantly discriminatory and dangerous views against Islam and Muslims. Michael Flynn, Trump's national security adviser, has called Islam a “cancer” and a “political ideology” that “hides behind the notion of it being a religion.” Sen. Jeff Sessions, Trump's nominee for the nation's chief law enforcement officer, has said that “the toxic ideology of Islam” is the largest threat confronting the United States.
Trump's clear articulation of a dangerously Islamophobic worldview paradoxically presents an opportunity for American Muslims. Muslims, since 9-11, have been cast into one of two binaries: followers of a uniquely violent religion, or apologetic defenders of a simple “religion of peace.” The reality is that Islam is a multifaceted civilizational complex that exists in human history and is undergoing specific sets of dynamics in specific locations. Trump's era gives Muslims the opportunity to articulate this truth, and in so doing, enjoy the same presumption of complexity and nuance of other communities.
The notion that Islam is a “religion of peace” can be traced back to former President George W. Bush, who aimed to exonerate Muslims following the 9-11 terrorist attacks, eager to contest the notion that “Islam” itself was responsible. Bush's reasons for this seemed both sincere and strategic: sincere because there is little evidence that Bush and the Bush family itself harbor particular animus toward Muslims; strategic because that administration knew that it would need the assistance of several Muslim-majority countries to prosecute their wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
I take issue with Bush's pronouncement not because I believe that Islam prescribes terrorism and violence as a foundational kernel of the faith. This latter notion—one that has steadily taken hold in American political, military, and civil society discourse over the past fifteen years—is the most dangerous philosophical instantiation of Islamophobia in American society today, and one that Trump repeats with characteristic bluntness. I take issue with “Islam is peace” because the statement is a non-sequitur that removes the civilizational complex of Islam from the historicized field of politics, accidents of history, Muslim subjectivities and myriad interactions and intersections with non-Muslims that make up the messy soup of that which constitutes contemporary Islam and Muslims. In other words: sometimes Islam manifests itself peacefully. Sometimes, Islam manifests itself violently. And so on for every example of organized human society.
Embracing nuance and complexity is Muslims' best hope in the Trump era. To do this, I endorse the progressive Muslim movement's notion of “double critique”. An ontology of double critique is premised on two notions:
Contemporary Muslims have a serious problem with jihadi groups who use violence to advance their agenda. This violence is predicated on a particular ideology, which cherry picks from the Islamic tradition to produce an exclusionary, supremacist world view that disparages and devalues non-Muslims, women, sexual minorities, and minority Muslim sects. Indeed, in my opinion as an intellectual historian of the Islamic tradition, Islam, in this sense, is in its dark ages. These challenges are in part produced by and compounded by western colonialism, imperialism, and for Muslim minorities in the western world, white supremacy. Not only do imperialism and colonialism visit violence, war, support for autocratic dictators, and land theft on Muslim nations and societies, but perhaps even worse, Muslims have had to contend with the “colonization of the mind” that attends the process of colonialism: a feeling of inferiority, learned helplessness, and a fear that Muslims cannot solve their own problems.
Donald Trump did not win the popular vote, and is a hopelessly polarizing figure. It is hard to imagine that many of their declarations will be taken seriously by the majority of Americans who did not vote for him, or by most world leaders, many of whom are confused by our presidential choice. As Trump inaugurates what many pundits call our “post-fact society”, their Islamophobic posture will be met with the same incredulity most of their statements and positions will elicit from those still committed to thinking. This theatre of the absurd leaves a space for American Muslims to maneuver within the paradigm of double critique. I believe, therefore, that they should take the opportunity to advance the following during the Trump years:
Build an Islamic theology that emphasizes love, mercy, acceptance of all others, charity, service, humility and kindness—all traits that are found easily and solidly in the Islamic tradition. Build Muslim institutions, develop intellectuals, nurture spiritual leaders who espouse the values in number one. I say this rather than say that exclusionary, violence-prone, chauvinistic versions of the faith should be “fought” or “resisted.” The reason is that resistance, especially if this is the primary activity, drains our energy without advancing a positive alternative. In the process, do not demonize any groups, including Muslims with a more conservative understanding of the faith. Conservatism is not the problem—jihadism, exclusionary world views against women and minorities, and violence are. (Ironically, or perhaps not, exclusionary world views and violence against women and minorities also characterize the Trump era.) American Muslims should partner with American institutions that safeguard civil rights and civil liberties. American Muslims should stand up for the rights of all minorities in the United States threatened by Trump's regime, including undocumented Latinos, African Americans, religious minorities such as American Jews, Native Americans, and LGBTQ Americans.
I do not mean to be sanguine about the real dangers a Trump administration presents to American Muslims. We might face very dangerous and dark days, indeed. But, barring very difficult circumstances, the terra incognita of the Trump era can offer American Muslims the opportunity to emerge stronger, more self-articulated, and more inclusive and loving.
Sarah Eltantawi is a scholar of Islam.  They are the author of Sharia on Trial: Northern Nigeria's Islamic Revolution (University of California Press, 2017), as well as articles on topics ranging from Shi'i Jurisprudence to concepts of Nigerian post-modernity to work on Contemporary Egypt and Gender. Dr. Eltantawi is an analyst of the Muslim-majority world on major media outlets, and Member of the Faculty in Comparative Religion and Islamic Studies (Assistant Professor) at the Evergreen State College in Olympia, WA.
Photo Credit: Lion Multimedia Production USA “MichiganMuslims‬ are at the State Capitol!”
Moses Malone Jr. sues nightclub over incident
Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Moses Malone Jr. sues nightclub over incident 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
The son of the late Houston Rockets legend Moses Malone has filed a lawsuit against a nightclub on the Richmond Strip where last month they were attacked and robbed.
On June 25, Moses Malone, Jr., was jumped by several people outside the V Live Houston club, 16213 Richmond.
The assault was because of a Facebook post Malone made about Rockets star James Harden, said Houston attorney George Farah who is representing Malone in the lawsuit.
"He criticized James Harden for charging a fee for their basketball camp - a substantial fee," Farah said.
READ MORE: Men attacked Moses Malone Jr. because of Facebook post slamming James Harden, warrants say
According to a separate criminal complaint filed against Darian Blount - one of the men alleged to have taken part in the assault - Malone was told that "he disrespected James Harden and that they (needed) to be punished."
Malone later told Houston police that Blount, 39, directed the others there to attack him.
"He was struck with weapons as well as fists," Farah said. "One of the individuals kicked them in the face."
Malone told police someone stole jewelry valued at $50,000 from them during the melee. They said they ripped their diamond earrings from their ears, according to the lawsuit.
ORIGINAL REPORTING: Son of Rockets legend says they were attacked, robbed outside nightclub
Blount was later taken into custody and charged with aggravated robbery with a deadly weapon. They were released after posting $30,000 bail.
The people who assaulted Malone went back inside the club afterwards. The attack took place in full view of club security, Farah said.
"They didn't even notify the police," they said.
The lawsuit - filed Wednesday - accuses the club of negligence.
"Anytime you provide an establishment where you collect money from customers, you need to provide a safe space for them," Farah said. "'V Live' did not provide a safe space for Mr. Malone as a customer."
On Wednesday, the attorney representing the nightclub could not be reached for comment.
Malone's lawyers said they believe Blount may be an employee of the club. In 2013, Blount pleaded no contest to running a sexually oriented enterprise - the V Live club. In the Harris County court documents, they were identified as the "operator" of the club.
The lawsuit is seeking $1 million in damages from the business.
Farah said they are continuing to investigate the incident and may add additional defendants to the lawsuit - including Harden, if they uncover evidence that shows they played some kind of role in the attack.
An email message sent to Harden's agent in Los Angeles was not returned later Wednesday.
Farah said Malone is currently living out of state out of concern for their own safety.
"He's doing better (but) he's very frightened," Farah said. "The individuals involved in this are very dangerous."
Let us put to one side for a minute the many allegations and accusations about the banking sector and focus on two facts.
The first is that the UK is a different banking market from most countries. We have more retail banks than most and so the competition means more services at a lower cost for people. In this country, customers in credit pay no charges for normal banking services: not for taking cash out, or direct debits, or statements. Just about everywhere else, the customer is charged for some or all of these.
This does not mean the banks never make mistakes or get things wrong. But it is worth keeping in mind that international comparisons confirm that British customers are getting a lot for their money.
The second is about how banks fund themselves, and how these costs relate to interest rates for customers.
The Bank of England base rate is currently historically low at 0.5pc. But the cost to a bank for finance is much higher than the base rate and this inevitably feeds through to the high street. Savers want as high a return on their money as possible, and that means they want much more than Bank Rate.
The banks have investors who also need a return on the money invested. And then there is the cost of being in business: the staff, the systems and the regulation – and levels of capital and liquidity the banks are required to hold are costly and increasing. Put this all together and the price of a loan is higher than base rate.
Next, the difference between the base rate and the cost of high street loans is frequently expressed as the margin. At its simplest, if base rate was for example 3pc then a lender might have a margin of 2 percentage points, and so the borrower pays 5pc.
This means that for every £100 it lends, the bank receives £5 – from which it pays its cost of funds, plus it has to absorb the losses from those who don't pay back their loans – and then also pay all those other costs.
Now if the base rate goes down from 3pc to 0.5pc and the margin stays the same, then for every £100 a bank lends it now gets only £2.50. But all the other costs remain the same. For all of these reasons, margins often have to increase if the base rate goes down but it certainly does not mean a bank is making more profits.
The UK's banks are continuing to lend money to households and businesses, although – as we would expect in a downturn – we are seeing many people and businesses paying back loans.
But a bank is like any other business – if its fixed operating costs go up then so does the price of its product. The consequence is that inevitably the cost of credit – the price the borrower pays for money – rises.
YES: RAY BOULGER, SENIOR TECHNICAL MANAGER, JOHN CHARCOL
Last week's Bank of England report confirmed for the first time that some consumers are being ripped off when they take out new loans.
The report highlighted the fact that not only has the rate charged for new lending fallen far less than Bank Rate but that for some lending, primarily unsecured lending, rates have actually risen.
The price some lenders charge for 90pc loan-to-value mortgages is also higher than in 2007. This affects not only many first-time buyers but also a sizeable proportion of potential movers who bought their first property between, say, 2004 and 2007 with little or no deposit. Increasing numbers of people in the latter category are mortgage prisoners, not able to move (and also not able to remortgage) because of the tougher lending criteria.
Many lenders even prevent some borrowers from trading down and reducing their mortgage. The report uses the euphemism of “residual” to cover the total of lenders' markup and operating costs but highlights the fact that most of the large increase in the “residual” is due to an increase in the markup.
The average cost of lenders' funding compared to Bank Rate has risen since the credit crunch and so part of the increased charge for loans reflects this. Lenders are being hit with increased regulatory costs but notwithstanding this their gross lending margin has shot up.
Many savers who have not moved their account recently are being ripped off with a negligible interest rate. Isas are a particular problem because after all these years many banks and building societies still deal with transfers in a grossly incompetent way, taking weeks to effect a simple transfer that should be done electronically in a day.
Mortgage borrowers who borrow up to 75pc of the value of their property can get a good deal but rates escalate disproportionately if a higher percentage is needed and it is borrowers in this category that are often being ripped off.
The marginal cost of borrowing anything in excess of 75pc is often so high that in many cases it is well above what the same borrower would have to pay for an unsecured loan.
The reason consumers are now getting such a rotten deal can be summed up in three words – lack of competition.
Before the credit crunch, competition was so intense that some lenders even offered mortgages and unsecured loans below the cost of funds, hoping to make up the difference by cross-selling other expensive products.
By last year, more than 90pc of gross mortgage lending was done by just six lenders. Until there is more competition, lenders' margins will remain high.
Google has developed a paid version of its Analytics website usage monitoring service that offers better performance, more sophisticated features and broader technical support than the free product, the company said on Friday.
Analytics Premium is designed for sites with very heavy traffic that need "extra processing power" behind their analytics software so that they can collect more data, perform more complex analysis and generate more granular reports, Google said.
The paid version of Analytics will also feature advanced service offerings for things like custom implementations and around-the-clock technical support, the company said in a blog post. Google also offers service level agreements for Analytics Premium.
While developing Analytics Premium, Google worked with some of its biggest Analytics users, including Travelocity and Gucci. The service is available in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. for an undisclosed annual fee. Companies can sign up for it directly with Google or through Analytics resellers.
Google Analytics used to be a paid service back when it was called Urchin on Demand, but after Google acquired the company in 2005, it made it a free product.
Google's decision to offer Urchin on Demand as a free product rocked the website analytics market at the time, since most vendors charged for their wares. Urchin on Demand, for example, cost $199 per month.
Since acquiring Urchin Software, Google has continued to develop and sell an on-premise version of the software, which in its most recent version -- Urchin 7 -- costs $9,995 in the U.S.
However, Google from the start has encouraged customers to use Analytics, whose software is hosted by Google in its data centers in a software-as-a-service cloud model.
It's interesting to see Google come around after six years and reintroduce a paid version of the cloud-hosted product to the market for heavy-duty users who rely on Analytics to constantly evaluate the effectiveness of ad campaigns or the popularity of website content. The decision may in part reflect the increased importance websites play in businesses, and the need for companies to closely track usage to fine-tune marketing campaigns, e-commerce initiatives and content strategies.
Google said on Friday that it will continue to develop and enhance the free version of Analytics.
The Cabinet on Friday approved a ¥2 trillion package to expand the scope of free education and child care services as part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to address challenges to long-term growth posed by Japan's declining birthrate and aging society.
The government hopes the policy package, consisting of ¥1.7 trillion from tax revenue and ¥300 billion sourced from corporate contributions, will help aging Japan maintain its global competitiveness.
But details, including how the total sum will be allocated for each policy measure, have yet to be hashed out, and restoring the country's fiscal health, the worst among advanced countries, will become even more of a challenge.
The envisaged plan will in principle make nurseries and kindergartens free for all children between the ages of 3 and 5 regardless of household income.
For those up to the age of 2, free child care services will be provided if they come from low-income households that are exempt from residence taxes.
Expanded child care support is seen as critical in Japan, where female labor participation has been on the rise in recent years.
The administration has set a goal of eliminating waiting lists for child day care centers by building more facilities and boosting pay for nursery school teachers.
Abe has asked for financial contributions from the corporate sector, which will be spent on making day care facilities available for 320,000 children by the end of fiscal 2020. The monthly pay of nursery teachers will be raised by ¥3,000 from April 2019.
Most of the proposed programs will start in fiscal 2020 after the planned 2019 sales tax hike from 8 percent to 10 percent takes effect.
Higher education is another key pillar of the package, which was drawn up in consultation with the ruling Liberal Democratic Party-Komeito coalition.
The government will assist students with fees for higher education if they hail from low-earning households exempt from residential taxes.
Their entrance and tuition fees will be free at national universities, while financial support will be provided to those wishing to attend private universities, junior colleges, vocational schools or other institutions.
Taking heed of a request by Komeito, the government also aims to provide free education at private high schools for students from households with an annual income of less than ¥5.9 million.
In a bid to help Japan attain higher productivity and wage growth, the government will also reduce tax burdens on companies that bolster investment and raise pay.
The following is the gist of a policy package approved by the Cabinet on Friday to expand child care support and free education.
Under the package:
Children between the ages of 3 and 5 can go to nurseries and kindergartens free of charge in principle regardless of household income.
Day care services for children up to age 2 from low-income families will be provided for free.
Monthly pay for nursery school teachers will be raised by ¥3,000.
Students coming from low-income households will be exempted from entrance and tuition fees at national universities.
The government will aim to provide free education at private high schools for students from low-income families.
Tax burdens will be cut if companies proactively increase investment and raise pay.
How to be an absolute scumbag on Christmas Eve!!
Robert Wilde Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 24, 2017
My ex-wife's partner laid it out for me last night. Some context, my son is 14, I was married in 2005, my wife moved out 2007 & filed for divorce 2010. They have been with their current partner, Mr Scumbag, for 10 years.
Late Christmas eve I receive a text from my son, little late but excited to hear from them until I read it and discover it's not from him. Mr Scumbag, this guy whom my son refers to as their step-father, decided to text me using my son's phone. I replied.
I did not have high expectations as our interactions have never ended well. I have been verbally abused many times, in earshot of my son, and physically attacked at their place of work which they were fired for. This is what I got…
I was really dumbfounded by this as there is so much wrong with this. This is not a conversation you have with a child anytime not to mention on Xmas eve. Since when did step-fathers have legal powers to determine visitation writes and what is this domestic violence bullshit.
I received several phone calls from Mr Scumbag, who appeared to be inebriated, all of which I have copied and saved. I have received many ridiculous accusations and demands from this guy and the woman I once called my wife, but this is going too far.
I will categorically state I was never in any way physically abusive to my ex-wife or any person in my life. To make such a baseless accusation to a child about their father is beyond vile & disgusting, especially in this manner at this time of year. That said, what can I do?
I've been in the process of legal proceedings since mid-2016 after the last time my ex-wife decided to rescind my visitation. No court order just a phone call. I was advised by authorities they can't technically do that? OK, so what do I do? — “You will have to take them to court”. Like it's that simple.
I have been on the edge of this point multiple times in the last 10 years and pulled back as it's not what I want. It's expensive, time-consuming and really should not be necessary. What choice do I have now? The stories I hear about these battles are dreadful and expensive.
My son is everything to me & anyone who knows them knows how special they are. The relationship we have is like nothing I have ever had with another human being and my primary goal in life is to make them proud to call me Dad.
Here is a letter they gave me after graduating grade 6.
I am sorry to bring down your Christmas festivities but I badly needed to tell my story. Any advice or thoughts welcome.
Decades before deep-pocketed rock and pop stars embraced the Gulfstream V, there was the Starship, a former United Airlines Boeing 720 refurbished in the early 1970s by teen heartthrob Bobby Sherman and their manager, Ward Sylvester, as an airborne pleasure dome. The plane plied the skies in the service of, among others, Led Zeppelin, The Rolling Stones, Deep Purple, The Allman Brothers, The Bee Gees, Elton John, Peter Frampton and Alice Cooper.
One of the great artifacts of the coke-flecked, halter-topped, 'lude-dropping rock'n'roll gestalt of the '70s -- and probable inspiration for Austin Powers' shag-a-delic private 747 -- the Starship brimmed with gaudy-chic delights. There was a bedroom with a king-sized waterbed, a drawing room with a fake fireplace, a 30-foot brass-trimmed bar with built-in electric organ, a prehistoric video system stocked with everything from Deep Throat to Duck Soup and two flight attendantesses to cater to the velvet-­trousered minstrels fresh from their Madison Square Garden gigs.
Led Zeppelin Kicked Off First U.S. Tour 46 Years Ago Today
"A f-ing flying gin palace," Zeppelin's road manager, Richard Cole, ­characterized the ship. David Libert, Cooper's road manager, declared it "a rock'n'roll Air Force One. It's so tacky." Mick Jagger was said to have gasped the first time they stepped aboard and glimpsed the wall-to-wall Vegas.
But Jagger was the exception. Most of the Starship's nouveau-riche rockers thought the plane was the ne plus ultra of decadence and luxury. And for the times, it probably was. A four-engined variant of the Boeing 707 renovated at a cost of $200,000, the Starship leased for a ­staggering $2,500-per-flight hour and was a potent symbol of rock'n'roll primacy.
This media is not available on this platform.
"It was definitely a show of where you were in your career," says the now 65-year-old Frampton, whose management leased the plane ­during their white-hot superstardom touring behind the ­unstoppable Frampton Comes Alive! "It was a statement of how well you were doing. 'Whoopee! We must be big -- we've got the Starship!' "
Led Zeppelin was the first to lease the plane, in 1973, after a white-knuckle flight from Oakland, Calif., to Los Angeles in a tiny Falcon 20 business jet terrorized the entourage. At the time, Led Zeppelin suffered from almost surreally bad press -- Rolling Stone suggested the band change its name to Limp Blimp -- and it was thought that the Starship might earn the group some respect. "It was an extremely useful tool because inviting a journalist onto the plane, the story kind of wrote itself," says Danny Goldberg, Led Zeppelin's publicist for the tour, who had been hired to gin up positive ­coverage. "The novelty value was significant."
Robert Plant on What Inspires Their New Band, and What They Still Find Interesting About Led Zeppelin
Zeppelin became indelibly associated with the Starship when the band posed with the plane in Bob Gruen's iconic 1973 portrait. The picture, Gruen tells Billboard, "sums up the excess and decadence of the '70s, the fact that here are these guys -- they don't even have to button their shirts -- and they have their own plane." The photo has been a touchstone for rock'n'roll aspirants ever since. "[Keyboardist] Dave Bryan of Bon Jovi and many other musicians told me that when they saw that picture, that's what they wanted," says Gruen.
Cooper manager Shep Gordon spent years honing the band's image as monied rock princelings (especially when they weren't) and hired the Starship for the second leg of the band's Billion Dollar Babies Tour in 1973. "Shep wanted Alice to be bigger than life, and Alice was at the absolute pinnacle of their career at that moment," says Libert. The United States was in the midst of a crippling gasoline shortage -- Libert had to bribe service stations to fuel the tour's trucks -- but the Starship, with its four gas-guzzling Pratt & Whitney engines, flew on. While leased to Cooper, the tail was painted with snakes twisted into gigantic dollar signs. Libert shrugs at the ostentation. "The fact that there was a fuel shortage and we were ­flying this plane, we thought was a cool thing. It fit in with Alice's extravagant image."
So what was life like aboard the Starship? The first time The Allman Brothers boarded they were greeted with "Welcome Allman Brothers" rendered in lines of cocaine on the clubroom bar. Zeppelin's Robert Plant once ­commented that their favorite memory of the plane was "oral sex during turbulence," and Goldberg says the band's fearsome manager, Peter Grant, would disappear with girls in tow to the aft bedroom and not reappear until the end of the flight.
Watch Jack White Perform Led Zeppelin's 'Lemon Song' With Robert Plant at Lollapalooza Argentina
"It was pretty much a party plane," says Frampton. "We'd drive right onto the runway, just a long stream of black limos, jump out and get on." Frampton dimly recalls crashing in the master suite en route but "mainly we propped up the bar pretty well." To foil customs ­inspectors who boarded with drug-sniffing dogs, Frampton says the entourage's contraband was stashed "in the dirty stage-clothes bag. So that was our attempt at stealth."
While the comportment of rock stars on the road in 2015 is hardly circumspect, the deepening sexual revolution of the early '70s allowed for a freewheeling carnality. On the Cooper tour, Libert used the plane's PA to announce the daily "ball scores," a name-naming account of the previous evening's sexual indiscretions. Libert says Cooper warned them one morning after, "I do not want to be in your goddamned ball scores -- I'd better not hear my name." So Libert announced, "The high for last night was ... I'm afraid I can't mention that ­person's name," then added, "I'll give a hint, though -- he's a very big star!"
Despite the heedless indulgences -- the wife of an Atlantic Records ­executive recalls Zeppelin manager Grant ­brandishing a handgun on a flight to Pittsburgh while the entourage hoovered cocaine -- the Starship came to ­symbolize the isolation that rock stars of the '70s embraced as they saw less and less of everyday life. Danny Markus, a former Atlantic Records executive, marveled that after a Zeppelin concert in Minneapolis, with the audience thundering for more, the band had already been whisked aboard the Starship: "I'm being served lobster thermidor as we're going down the runway, and the audience in the building is waiting for the encore." On tour with The Allman Brothers, Gruen recalls, a band member -- they can't remember which one -- "walked out of the hotel in their bathrobe. They were getting into their limo, which was going to stop at the steps to the plane, where they could walk onto the plane and go back into the bedroom and go back to sleep." Says Libert, "Everyone was kind of awestruck by the plane at first, but nobody ever wanted to make it look like they were ­awestruck. So in very short order, everybody assumed the posture that they took it all for granted -- 'This is how I go to work.' "
Rolling Stones to Announce North American Tour Dates on Tuesday, Sources Say
The Starship's punishing economics and four thirsty engines put an end to its reign after only four years. Frampton was the last to charter it. "It was headed for the scrap heap," they say. "We were the last to use it before it was decommissioned." The plane bounced among owners before it was broken up for parts in 1982.
Gregg Allman later lamented the ­suffocating atmosphere surrounding The Allman Brothers during their Starship-flying days. "Everything was over the top, uncalled for and just flat-out ­unnecessary -- we had a guy whose only job was to open limo doors for us," they wrote in their 2012 memoir. "When The Allman Brothers got that goddamned plane, it was the beginning of the end."
This story originally appeared in the May 23 issue of Billboard.
