regular consumers later returned to site and we're now seeing more and more new customers everyday Past News Releases RSS Bigboxstore.com China Wholesale...
Entering the last month of the first half of 2011, Bigboxstore.com has expressed optimism in the growth of sales and increased consumer confidence for the second half of 2011.
Bigboxstore.com has seen steady growth since it opened in March 2008 and has expanded its customer base by steadily increasing the number of products it offers on the website and by bringing more product types to the international online market. It has since expanded its catalogue and now offers over 10,000 different products in categories that include electronic cigarettes, iPhone 4 cases, sporting gear, and home décor amongst others.
The company suffered a slight dent in sales coming into the first half of 2011 after detractors surfaced with complaints about shipping delay issues brought about by increased postal and courier traffic during the holiday season. Bigboxstore.com shipping coordinator Danil Huang remarked, “We're at the mercy of international postal services as soon as the package leaves our offices and this is especially true between November and January.” Huang encourages customers to make it a point to order this year's Christmas gifts well before the holiday rush to avoid delayed shipments. “We are shipping products from half the world away, after all,” Huang also said.
Bigboxstore.com was able to recover in the months succeeding January, however, and was able to regain customer confidence especially amongst regular wholesale customers who retail products from them. The company has stated that “regular consumers later returned to site and we're now seeing more and more new customers everyday.”
The return to consumer confidence has allowed Bigboxstore.com to record a significant growth in sales coming in to the end of the first half. Sales director Cyrus Zhou stated, “we're actually filling more [orders] now that we did at the same time in 2010. This has driven our decision to start expanding the product range and people will find more products on the website now than there were in January.”
The company is confident that the base of loyal customers will continue to grow as reports of bad quality items and long shipping times continue to be dispelled. Bigboxstore.com is banking on the higher ratio of satisfied customers to help continue to drive the trend upward. Zhou also stated that the company is doing the best it can to satisfy customers and is looking into the negative reports received earlier in the year to help improve its services.
From its base in Shenzhen, China, Bigboxstore.com plans to continue offering its wholesale and drop-shipping services of quality products made in region. Through direct contact with product manufacturers, the company is able to offer goods at unbelievably low prices and have first-hand verification of the quality of the products they offer. They serve wholesale and individual customers who want to save money by importing products directly from their manufacturers.
###
Bangladesh has begun training thousands of school girls to protect them from being blackmailed or harassed online following an alarming rise in cybercrimes.
Government officials recently finished conducting a pilot project in which female students from urban areas were taught how to keep themselves safe if faced with online threats.
“Most of the victims of cybercrime in our country are young girls. So, we decided to spread awareness among the girls first," said Zunaid Ahmed Palak, state minister of the Information & Communication Technology (ICT) Division of Bangladesh's Ministry of Post, Telecommunication & Information Technology. "In this pilot project, over 10,000 girls from 40 schools and colleges took part in our workshops and we got a massive response. Now we have our target to take this campaign across the whole country involving 40 million students in 170,000 schools and colleges.”
Internet growth
Bangladesh has experienced a double-digit growth in internet use every year in the past 15 years and almost half of the social media users in the country are women and teenage girls, but authorities say they make up about 70 percent of cybercrime victims.
Mishuk Chakma, a cybersecurity expert of Dhaka Metropolitan Police said the boyfriends of the Facebook-using girls often trick them into posing for intimate photographs or videos.
“Later, when their relationships are on the rocks, their former boyfriends post the photos and videos in the social media to emotionally blackmail the girls. Such photos and videos often trigger troubles in the lives of the girls after they get into new relationships or get married,” Chakma told VOA. “In such a situation many marital relationships are getting into troubles and even in a few cases the girls are taking extreme steps like attempting suicide.”
Sahana, a 15-year-old who took part in an ICT-organized workshop, said they feel they have benefitted from the training.
“I shall verify one's identity in many ways before I accept their or their Facebook ‘friend request' now. Now I have also learned that I should not disclose much of my personal information on Facebook,” they said. “Also, I am quite confident now that none can harass or blackmail me on Facebook.”
Raising awareness
Sometimes the criminals are superimposing faces of the girls, who are known to them, onto the bodies of nude models or adult film stars to blackmail and defame the girls, Chakma said.
“Cyber harassment of girls and women can be effectively curbed if the spread of awareness among the social media users increases,” they said.
ICT hired cybersecurity consulting agency Four D Communications to conduct the recent training of the 10,000 girls.
Abdullah Al Imran, managing director of Four D Communications, said apart from learning how to defend themselves online, the girls also learned how to bring cyber criminals to justice.
“Very surprisingly we found that as much as 93 percent of the girls who participated in the training did not know that Bangladesh already has an ICT Act to help cyber harassment victims. We also taught them where and how they would seek help in case they were harassed or blackmailed online,” Imran said. “Girls mostly from urban areas took part in our pilot project. I am sure, in smaller towns and rural areas the Internet literacy level among girls is even lower and they are more vulnerable there.”
But lawyer Tureen Afroz, an advocate in Dhaka's Supreme Court, said the government should tighten or update laws to deal with the growing cybercrime.
“Indeed it's a good initiative that the government is trying to educate the girls and raise awareness among them about the growing trend of cybercrimes. But, the government also needs to revamp the judiciary to achieve higher rate of success in fight against such crimes,” they said. "We are still unable to make the best use of smarter electronic evidences to pin down the cyber criminals in the court of law."
Expansion
Senior officials say the government is keen to spread cyber safety awareness across the whole country.
Abul Mansur Mohammad Sharf Uddin, who heads the government's cyber safety awareness campaign, said their department is busy on a blueprint to expand the campaign.
“For the students, the contents on Internet literacy, which will be included to the national curriculum, will be ready soon. We want to introduce the course not just in schools and colleges, but also in over 100 universities of the country. We will also raise teachers across academic institutions of the country who will conduct cyber safety training classes for students locally,” Sharf Uuddin said.
Revisiting Jinnah at the Quaid-e-Azam Museum
Welcome to the Quaid-e-Azam Museum, formerly known as the Flagstaff House.
All images are interactive and can be viewed in 360 degrees. Click and hold inside the​ image ​to move around in the surroundings (press​/​swipe on mobile, or move your phone)​.​
Audio: Inside the rooms, ​Begum Pasha Haroon shares insights about Mr Jinnah and Ms Fatima Jinnah. Ms Haroon was the wife of Late Yusuf Haroon, son of Haji Abdullah Haroon who was one of the central figures of the Pakistan movement.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah bought this lavish 10,241-square-yard property over 70 years ago. They paid the now modest price of Rs115,000 for it. Sixty-six years old at the time of purchase, Jinnah's retirement plan was to move into the house. However, after finally relocating here in 1947, they were only able to live at the residence for a brief period. After they fell ill, upon the advice of the colonel doctor, Jinnah was transferred to the Governor House where they spent their last days.
Fatima Jinnah lived in the house for longer; they spent 16 years here.
Karachi has changed by a lot since then, but, sparing deterioration brought on by age, the house remains the same. Nothing has been moved, alleges Rashidul Wahab, the oldest guide at the museum. “It has been left as Quaid-e-Azam had set it,” they say.
The museum is located on the aptly named Fatima Jinnah Road. Its colonial era yellow stones glisten in the sunlight, in front of the structure a proudly hoisted Pakistani flag flutters with the wind. Enthused schoolchildren take selfies outside the museum, at once reminding you that it is 2016. But walking inside is like stepping into a time machine.
Post-war Libya is likely to struggle to maintain oil production levels and boost pumping capacity, as funding constraints and security concerns could prevent the country¿s oil company and foreign oil firms from making necessary investments.
Post-war Libya is likely to struggle to maintain oil production levels and boost pumping capacity, as funding constraints and security concerns could prevent the country's oil company and foreign oil firms from making necessary investments.
Constraints on investments in existing facilities and exploration activity, as well as security concerns, could hamper the work of the country's National Oil Corporation (NOC) and foreign operators.
While the NOC is held back by sluggish political decision making, international oil companies (IOCs) are hesitant to send their equipment and workers unprotected into remote locations, and they are bound by unfavourable contracts from the Muammar Qaddafi era.
"I am not as enthusiastic about Libya as when Qaddafi went away," said Nabil Alalawi, the chief executive of the oil field services provider AlMansoori Specialized Engineering, an Abu Dhabi company.
"It is a fantastic market, but they don't have money."
Libya's 1.6 million barrels per day (bdp) of exports were halted as civil war broke out in February last year.
After Qaddafi was killed in October, production was restarted and quickly increased. Output has reached about 1.4 million bpd. Experts say full production of 1.8 million bpd could be achieved by August.
But the provisional government, the National Transitional Council (NTC), has not yet provided funding to the NOC or renegotiated contracts with foreign oil companies.
The council is preoccupied with establishing government institutions untainted by the former regime and is reluctant to make decisions before a general election.
"As the NTC is a transitional ruling body, we've left all the long-term decisions and commitments to the future elected government," Muhammad Al Muntasir, who has responsibility for oil and gas affairs at the NTC, said last week.
Superficial repairs have enabled a quick resumption of production, but stable crude flows depend on regular maintenance.
"What they are doing now is repairing a few wells. That is short term.
"To create sustainable production, you have to have continuous maintenance," said Mr Alalawi.
Wintershall,a German oil company that operates in nine fields in Libya, has not been able to return to full production as the pipeline connecting it to export facilities is still damaged.
"We want to stabilise our production capacity … To do this, however, the export infrastructure also needs to be in place," Rainer Seele, the chairperson of Wintershall, said last month.
Libya aims eventually to boost production to 2 million bpd.
At present, international oil companies are refusing to commit to the necessary exploration work, citing safety concerns in areas often controlled by tribal militias.
The contractual terms under which IOCs operate in Libya are a further impediment to investment in exploration and production-enhancing measures at existing oil fields.
fneuhof@thenational.ae
Former Texas A&M tackle Luke Joeckel is an excellent pass protector. (Photo: Thomas Campbell, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights West Virginia QB looks like top-10 lock, but will they crack top five?
How many running backs will go in Round 1?
Rams and Vikings both own two picks in the first round
The 2013 NFL draft's clock officially starts ticking April 25, though the Kansas City Chiefs have been weighing their options at No. 1 for nearly three months. Their selection, not to mention all the subsequent choices, will be further influenced as pro days occur, interviews are conducted and free agency continues to unfold over the next month. But here's our latest to stab at projecting what will happen in Round1, so mock away ...
1. Kansas City Chiefs — Luke Joeckel, OT, Texas A&M: In a draft dominated by linemen, the Chiefs get their pick ... assuming they keep the No. 1 pick after their free agency makeover. But with RT Eric Winston gone, and LT Branden Albert currently signed only through this season — and possibly on the trade block — Joeckel, regarded as a can't-miss prospect in most circles, makes sense in any scenario.
2. Jacksonville Jaguars — Sharrif Floyd, DT, Florida: New Jags head coach Gus Bradley comes from the defensive side of the ball but inherits a team that was soft against the run and hasn't consistently generated pass rush for a decade. Floyd will help on both fronts and makes Jason Babin and Jeremy Mincey more dangerous off the edges.
3. Oakland Raiders — Geno Smith, QB, West Virginia: Carson Palmer isn't the long-term solution, and Terrelle Pryor almost surely isn't, either. Smith (42 TDs, 6 INTs, 71.2% completion rate as a senior) has been steadily rising for weeks and could climb this high four weeks from now ... whether that means the Raiders take them or trade out to bank needed choices while another team claims Smith.
West Virginia Mountaineers Geno Smith (12) and Tavon Austin both project as first rounders in 2013. (Photo: Peter G. Aiken, USA TODAY Sports)
4. Philadelphia Eagles — Star Lotulelei, DL, Utah: After they participated in a March 20 pro day, concerns about their heart seem to be abating. The Eagles have jettisoned most of last season's defensive linemen as they switch to a three-man front, and Lotulelei is a three-down player who can man the nose or five-technique.
5. Detroit Lions — Eric Fisher, OT, Central Michigan: They remain in state for a team that lost both its starting tackles this offseason after Jeff Backus' retirement and Gosder Cherilus' free agent defection. Fisher and 2012 first-rounder Riley Reiff could anchor the line for the next decade.
6. Cleveland Browns — Dee Milliner, CB, Alabama: Good size (6-0, 201 pounds) and good speed, and that means a good fit in a division where Cleveland must deal with WRs A.J. Green and Torrey Smith. Milliner and Joe Haden could instantly form one of the league's better corner tandems.
7. Arizona Cardinals — Lane Johnson, OT, Oklahoma: If they continue to blossom, Johnson (a former tight end and quarterback) might wind up as this draft's best blocker. Taking them would allow Arizona to keep Levi Brown on the right side where they belong while stabilizing a depleted unit that couldn't run- or pass-block in 2012.
8. Buffalo Bills — Chance Warmack, G, Alabama: The man many rate as the draft's best player would instantly negate the free agent loss of Andy Levitre while becoming a fast friend of RB C.J. Spiller's. Buffalo clearly needs a quarterback, too, but would be wise to trade back into the latter part of the first round if not wait until Round 2.
9. New York Jets — Dion Jordan, OLB, Oregon: Rex Ryan has never had the benefit of a formidable pass rusher since coming to New York in 2009. Jordan could change that while addressing a hole for a team that let starting OLBs Calvin Pace and Bryan Thomas go this offseason. And the Jets will have to rely more on pressure if they ultimately subtract lockdown corner Darrelle Revis.
10. Tennessee Titans — Xavier Rhodes, CB, Florida State: Rhodes (6-2, 210 pounds) is even bigger than Milliner at a position that's increasingly putting a premium on size. The Titans need more talent on a defense that allowed a franchise-record 471 points in 2012 and missed CB Cortland Finnegan.
11. San Diego Chargers — Jonathan Cooper, G, North Carolina: New GM Tom Telesco must find someone to help to flag QB Philip Rivers. In this scenario, the top tackles are gone, so why not get Rivers a gifted guard, another priority with Louis Vasquez now in Denver and Tyronne Green a free agent? The Bolts should be able to follow up with an intriguing wideout prospect in Round 2.
12. Miami Dolphins — Ziggy Ansah, DE, Brigham Young: He's one of the most talented but raw prospects available. The Dolphins need more playmakers on defense and could let Ansah embark on their pro career as a pass rush specialist behind starting DEs Jared Odrick and Cameron Wake, who wouldn't mind seeing fewer double teams on passing downs.
13. Tampa Bay Buccaneers — Bjoern Werner, DE, Florida State: What's one way to fix a near historically bad pass defense? Sack the quarterback more. Werner could replace Michael Bennett while bookending 2011 first-rounder Adrian Clayborn. With Milliner and Rhodes gone in this mock, the safety-rich Bucs would have to reach for a corner here ... or might not have to worry at all if the Revis trade rumors come to fruition.
14. Carolina Panthers — Cordarrelle Patterson, WR, Tennessee: Ron Rivera has acknowledged the need to find a successor for WR Steve Smith, who will be 34 this season. Patterson is a bit of a project but offers superior size (6-2, 216 pounds) and explosion. And they can apprentice behind Brandon LaFell and Smith, provided they earn No. 89's respect.
15. New Orleans Saints — Barkevious Mingo, OLB, LSU: Slender pass rusher stays in Louisiana and sharpens the edge for a team switching to a 3-4 defense.
16. St. Louis Rams — Tavon Austin, WR, West Virginia: He's not big (5-9, 174 pounds), but the Rams got sizable wideouts in last year's draft with Brian Quick and Chris Givens. Austin, who rolled up nearly 3,000 all-purpose yards in 2012 for the Mountaineers, looks like a supercharged version of Sam Bradford favorite Danny Amendola, who happens to now work for the Patriots.
MORE MOCKS: USA TODAY Sports' Jarrett Bell, Jim Corbett weigh in
MOCK 2.0: Pauline sees just one QB in Round 1
MOCK 1.0: Luke Joeckel stakes claim to top spot
17. Pittsburgh Steelers — Jarvis Jones, OLB, Georgia: He's been red-flagged for spinal stenosis and hasn't tested particularly well in the pre-draft process. But they did lead the country with 14½ sacks last year, something a team which punted James Harrison can't ignore.
Could Georgia pass rusher Jarvis Jones be the next great Steelers sack man. (Photo: Daniel Shirey, USA TODAY Sports)
18. Dallas Cowboys — Kenny Vaccaro, S, Texas: Who better to solve the Cowboys' long-standing issues on the back line than a talented Longhorn? And new defensive coordinator Monte Kiffin's scheme requires someone they can rely on in center field.
19. New York Giants — Alec Ogletree, LB, Georgia: A defense that regressed badly in 2012 needs another playmaker behind its formidable front four. If GM Jerry Reese is comfortable with Ogletree's off-field issues, the wide-ranging linebacker would satisfy the Giants' best-player-available draft approach.
20. Chicago Bears — D.J. Fluker, OT, Alabama: GM Phil Emery upgraded at left tackle by signing Jermon Bushrod in free agency (and later patched issues at linebacker). Now they give quarterback Jay Cutler and offensive mastermind Marc Trestman further peace of mind by drafting the swath-cutting Fluker for the right side.
21. Cincinnati Bengals — Sheldon Richardson, DT, Missouri: If RT Andre Smith doesn't re-sign, the Bengals may want to make a play for Fluker. Barring that, defensive coordinator Mike Zimmer greatly values depth in their front four, and Richardson could emerge as a force next to all-pro Geno Atkins.
22. Rams (from Washington Redskins) — Matt Elam, S, Florida: After saying goodbye to last year's starters (Quintin Mikell and Craig Dahl), the Rams need a new last line of defense.
23. Minnesota Vikings — Keenan Allen, WR, California: Leg injuries have hampered them in the draft run-up, but they could get a boost if their April pro day goes well. Regardless, he'd be a nice investment for a Minnesota wideout group that still needs plenty of help despite the arrival of Greg Jennings.
24. Indianapolis Colts — Datone Jones, DE, UCLA: They lined up everywhere along the defensive front for the Bruins, and their 6-4, 283-pound frame is ideal for 3-4 ends. He'd be made to order for an evolving front in Indy as the Colts continue to pour resources into their new defense a year after turning over the offense.
25. Vikings (from Seattle Seahawks) — Manti Te'o, ILB, Notre Dame: Jasper Brinkley left for Arizona, but the Vikes needed an upgrade in the middle anyway. This might be a perfect spot for Te'o, who would be surrounded by a handful of former Notre Dame teammates (including safety Harrison Smith) and wouldn't have to typically deal with a crush of media in Minneapolis.
PHOTOS: Manti Teo's career
26. Green Bay Packers — Tyler Eifert, TE, Notre Dame: Though tailback again appears as a deficit area, it'd be a surprise to see GM Ted Thompson take one this early, especially in light of this year's weak crop. It's more plausible that Thompson trades down — this is a perfect spot for QB-needy teams to resurface in the first round — and gets a runner later while stockpiling extra picks. But Eifert also makes sense. Jermichael Finley hasn't matured into a player QB Aaron Rodgers can count on and isn't signed beyond this season anyway. The Packers' depth at tight end also took a hit when Tom Crabtree left for Tampa.
27. Houston Texans — DeAndre Hopkins, WR, Clemson: Though GM Rick Smith is generally rather conservative, it wouldn't be stunning to see them climb the ladder for Patterson or Austin. In any case, the Texans still haven't enlisted a worthy Robin to aging Batman Andre Johnson but need one more than ever after letting Kevin Walter go.
28. Denver Broncos — Damontre Moore, DE, Texas A&M: Their stock has taken a beating ever since a horrid showing at the scouting combine. Still, Moore managed 12½ sacks for the Aggies last season, and the Broncos could use a young pass rusher in the wake of the Elvis Dumervil debacle. Perhaps a reunion with former A&M teammate Von Miller would be a needed boon to Moore.
29. New England Patriots — Robert Woods, WR, USC: Even if Brandon Lloyd eventually returns, the Pats appear woefully thin at wideout. Woods was a very productive player in a pro-style offense, and New England needs to find somebody on the outside if Amendola and the tight ends are to be effective near the hashes.
30. Atlanta Falcons — Desmond Trufant, CB, Washington: If they don't want to be in a track meet every week, the Falcons need more cover guys.
31. San Francisco 49ers — Johnathan Hankins, DT, Ohio State: The Niners' D-line was poached during free agency, and Justin Smith can't play forever. A big body like Hankins' (6-3, 320 pounds) would begin replenishing the group.
32. Baltimore Ravens — Kevin Minter, MLB, LSU: GM Ozzie Newsome knows the center of their defense from front to back needs a lot of work. Plugging Minter into the middle seems like a good start, though this could be another year when the Wizard of Oz trades back to the get the picks they need to rebuild their roster.
Extra points
Though this draft's quarterback crop appears subpar — and really suffers in comparison to the 2012 group — don't expect Geno Smith to be the lone one taken in the first round. It's much more likely teams like the Bills, Browns, Cardinals, Eagles, Jaguars and/or Jets vault back into the bottom of Round 1 in order to pluck passers like USC's Matt Barkley, Syracuse's Ryan Nassib and/or Florida State's E.J. Manuel.
Is this finally the year when no running backs go in the first round? Given the dearth of talent at the position and the waning emphasis on bellcow ball carriers at the pro level, don't be surprised. Teams like Green Bay could obviously use someone like Alabama's Eddie Lacy but would be perfectly content to get them in the second round.
South Carolina's Marcus Lattimore is the most talented rusher available, but he's still on the mend from a devastating knee injury. Yet he's exactly the kind of investment a team like the 49ers, who have 14 selections, might buy into earlier than expected. The Niners will soon need a successor to Frank Gore, so why not earmark a relatively early selection on a stud like Lattimore who could be stashed on IR for 2013 rather than taking up a spot on a loaded 53-man roster as they round back into shape?
This looks like a good tight end draft, so Atlanta might finally nab an heir apparent for Tony Gonzalez. Stanford's Zach Ertz or Cincinnati's Travis Kelce could be options, especially if the Falcons don't get their talons on Eifert.
Two dozen offensive linemen might hear their names called in the first two rounds. Oregon's Chris Long, son of Howie and brother of Chris, looks ticketed for Day 2.
Given the emphasis on the pass in the pro game, anticipate a run on corners with Mississippi State's Johnthan Banks a candidate to sneak into the back of the first round.
LSU could send up to a dozen players to the NFL, including punter Brad Wing. And coming off a strong combine, Tyrann Mathieu again looks like a talent worthy of a mid-round gamble. Given their ability to play nickelback and return kicks, it would hardly be a surprise to see them work their way into the third round if they can convince decision makers that their drug problems are behind him.
***
Follow Nate Davis on Twitter @ByNateDavis
PHOTOS: Marcus Lattimore's comeback trail
Antonio Emanuele Ne Vunda (died 1608), also Antonio Manuel Nsaku ne Vunda (or Vunta or Funda) was an ambassador from the West African Kingdom of Kongo to the Vatican, sent by the king of Kongo Alvaro II to Pope Paul V in 1604–1608.[1][2] Ne Vunda traveled through Brazil and Spain and only reached Rome on 3 January 1608, but they died two days later of illness.[3][4]
Emanuele (in Portuguese, Manuel) Ne Vunda is nowadays considered to have been the first African ambassador to Europe in history.[5]
A 1608–1609 bust of Ne-Vunda made in colored marble can be seen at Santa Maria Maggiore, by Francesco Caporale.[6]
A painting of Emanuele Ne Vunda is visible in the Sala dei Corazzieri, Palazzo del Quirinale in Rome, next to a painting depicting the 1615 embassy of Hasekura Tsunenaga from Japan.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Beer and wine will be sold this year in general seating at the College World Series and Women's College World Series through a one-year pilot program, the Division I Board of Directors decided last week.
This year's events will mark the first time alcohol will be available to the general public at an NCAA championship. In order to approve the pilot program, the board members waived the rule prohibiting such sales at Division I championships.
Both TD Ameritrade Park in Omaha, Nebraska, home of the College World Series, and the ASA Hall of Fame Stadium in Oklahoma City, which hosts the Women's College World Series, were selected because each venue has hosted NCAA championships for some time, and the staffs at those events are familiar with Association policies.
Alcohol sales first were permitted in club seats and premium seats at the College World Series in 2013. Both venues are equipped to sell alcohol and do so at other events. The waiver came with some restrictions: Beer and wine will be sold, but not liquor. Sales will take place at concession stands only, not by roving vendors. Sales will be limited to the final championship sites only, not regionals or super-regionals.
Part of the impetus for the decision came from school reports that indicated once they started selling alcohol at events, alcohol-related incidents declined sharply. Theories suggest that making alcohol available in the stadium prevents incidents of binge drinking before events and discourages people from attempting to bring outside alcohol into the venue.
NCAA staff will work with law enforcement in Omaha and Oklahoma City to monitor alcohol-related incidents at both venues in order to compare this year's statistics with prior years. That information will be provided to the board members to inform decisions on the future of alcohol sales at championship events.
Paving the way for the board to waive the Division I bylaw, the NCAA Board of Governors – the Association's highest-ranking governance body – first amended its Association-wide policy barring alcohol sales at championships and set the parameters for the pilot. The Board of Governors noted that the number of schools selling alcohol at events has increased dramatically, with more schools considering the move.
The decision does not impact advertising at NCAA championships, either in-venue or on television. The NCAA has limited alcohol advertising at championship sites and during television broadcasts of championship events.
The Association will continue its relationships with the TEAM Coalition – Techniques for Effective Alcohol Management. TEAM is an alliance of professional and collegiate sports, entertainment facilities, concessionaires, stadium service providers, the beer industry, broadcasters, governmental traffic safety experts, and others working together to promote responsible drinking and positive fan behavior at sports and entertainment facilities.
The NCAA also has played a role in the development and provision of programs that address underage and abusive drinking, including the NCAA CHOICES alcohol education grant program, which has awarded more than $7.5 million to support programs at more than 290 member campuses.
Everyone has internet connection troubles some days. I've been a network administrator and have used the internet since the 1970s and I still have connection problems!
Here are a few simple tips on curing these headaches.
Check your local network
Before checking your internet, check your local network. Many "internet" woes are actually local area network (LAN) network problems.
Of all these, perhaps the most common is cabling. It may seem dumb, but I can't begin to count the number of times a major network problem just turned out to be an unplugged network cord.
This is true even if you're not using Cat-5 cable to hook up your network. For example, if your Wi-Fi Access Point (AP), cable, or DSL modem are unplugged you're not going to connect with anything.
My all-time favorite failure of this sort was when a friend called with a dead network connection. It turned out he'd unplugged their AP while vacuuming and had forgotten to plug it back in. You should always look for simple answers first.
For instance, if your Wi-Fi connection isn't working, check that your PC is trying to connect to the right AP. If your device is attempting to hook up to your old, retired AP, you're not going to get anywhere.
Also remember that if you change your AP's user-authentication password, you'll need to change it on all your devices as well. I've seen people getting ticked off for hours before they recall they hadn't used a particular laptop in a couple of weeks and in the meantime they'd changed their password.
So, what if everything is powered up and hooked together but you're still not able to get to the internet? Well, check all the basics again. The odds are you've still forgotten something simple. Lord knows it's happened to me over the years!
If you rely entirely on Wi-Fi for your local network, make sure your APs are working. One of the best tools for this is Jiri Techet's Android app Network Analyzer Pro. While it's for network experts, it's easy to use and you can quickly see if your Wi-Fi AP is working. You should also check out these stories: How to put an end to Wi-Fi frustrations and Five ways to improve your Wi-Fi performance. There are many ways Wi-Fi can go haywire and we cover most of them in those two articles.
So what if everything looks right but you still can't get to the net? Check to see if you can connect to your AP using an Ethernet cable connection. Most APs come with a web-based administration panel. If you can get to this, it's time to stop fiddling with your LAN and check your internet connection.
Checking the internet
The first thing you should try with your internet connection is the same thing your ISP will tell you if you call them. Unplug your cable or DSL modem, whatever, wait for minute, and then plug it back in. Give it another minute and then see if your internet is back on.
No? Then, do the same exact thing with your router. Still nothing?
Then, grit your teeth and call your ISP. This is usually a pointless exercise, but every now and again you can get useful information. Maybe it's not just you but your whole neighborhood that's having problems because a back-hoe took out a cable. And, once in a blue moon, they'll have a helpful suggestion. No, really! I've seen it happen!
If worst comes to the worst, they'll finally agree to send someone out to look at your setup. Who knows, instead of one of your cables being disconnected, maybe one of their cables is busted. Physical problems are often the root to network problems.
That was the good news. The bad news is I've never known an ISP technician to show up on time. Be ready for a long, long wait. Eventually, if the problem is on their end -- and the key word is eventually -- they'll get it fixed.
Let's say though that your internet is up and running, but it's being a little flaky. Here's what you do.
First, let's see if you're getting the bandwidth you're paying for. The best site to check on your current real speed is Speedtest. This site is run by Ookla, a network performance company. It gives you your download speed, upload speed, and ping to the closest test.
Ping is a network utility that measures the time in milliseconds (ms) between your computer and the test server. The lower your ping, the better. If you're seeing a ping above 50ms, you've got a problem.
There are other performance test sites. One of the newest, Google Internet Speed, comes from a partnership between Google and Measurement Lab (M-Lab). In addition to speed, this test measures your network latency. Latency is a measure of how quickly you get a response from the server. Low response times are important for real-time apps, like video calls and online gaming. This is measured in ms. Latency is similar to ping, but it's a measure of the constant delays between your system and servers.
With some kinds of internet connections, notably dial-up and satellite, you will always see poor ping and latency performance. There's nothing you can do about this. These technologies simply aren't capable of performing well. In practical terms, that means, for example, online action gaming and video-conferencing are almost impossible with either kind of internet connection.
Netflix, which has reason to believe ISPs deliberately slow down its shows, has its own speed test: Fast. All this test does is tell you how fast your downloads are.
ISPs also have their own performance tests. Generally speaking, these tests will show you getting the fastest possible speeds. What a surprise!
You may notice that my results are from 60 to 70 Megabits per second (Mbps) down. That's pretty good, but I pay for 100Mbps. In the real world, ISPs usually over-promise and under-deliver on bandwidth.
Sometimes, however, I get 120 to 130Mbps. Is that because I'm some kind of network genius? Nope.
It's because cable internet's bandwidth is shared between users on the same cable segment. Thus, while I can see great speeds in the morning and afternoon, when the evening comes around and everyone starts watching Netflix, my speed goes down. That's not a joke. Netflix currently uses 35.2 percent of all fixed internet traffic in North America, and most of that is in prime time.
Even with a low ping and fast bandwidth. your connection may still not be that good. That's because ping, latency, and bandwidth only tell part of the story. You may be losing packets or suffering from jitter.
Jitter, or more precisely packet delay variation, is a measurement of the times it takes for internet packets to arrive to your system. So, for example, if you ping a site once and it takes 1ms to report back in and then the next ping packet takes 10ms to report in, you have a horrible case of jitter. Sometimes jitter is so bad that packets are lost.
This is just what it sounds like. Your PC is sending out packets of information to websites and they're not getting there, or vice-versa. Many things can cause jitter: interference, overburdened network hardware, or a bad connection.
What this means for you is the more jitter you have, the less stable your connection is. With older programs like email and ordinary web browsers you may never notice your internet is less than rock stable, but with high jitter, video, VoIP, and games will once more start misbehaving.
You can check to see if you're having jitter by using the DSLReport Jitter test. These measures jitter by pinging sites from around the world from your system. If you're seeing a lot of jitter your internet connection is most likely suffering from network congestion somewhere up the line.
The internet being what it is, you'll usually see a little packet loss. Ideally, you want zero packet loss, but for ordinary internet usage you can live with 1 or 2 percent loss. If you're seeing jitter constantly, bug your ISP.
If the packet loss or jitter seems to be coming from inside your network, there are other options. Start with checking your connections yet again -- yes again. Update your router firmware and try switching out equipment on your network to see if you have noisy networking gear. Misbehaving network equipment can seriously slow down any LAN.
Still having trouble? It's time to call in a network technician to find and fix your problem. Anyone with a Network+ certification can help. If you know your way around a network, you can find the trouble yourself with the use of advanced tools such as WireShark, Logic Monitor, or Spiceworks Network Monitor.
Good luck with getting your connection working right. It's often not easy, but almost any network problem can be fixed with enough effort and expertise.
Related Stories:
744 Rebinding 'down' key does not work in menus New 2019-01-05
743 Nintendo Switch, progress not saved. New 2018-12-26
742 Completion of Solo N++ E-19 not restored New 2018-12-06
741 Bug With Level editor Using Keyboard New 2018-11-29
740 Crashing in Level Creator, resolution problems. New 2018-08-16
739 Incorrect demos uploaded on SL-B-04-03 New 2018-08-16
738 I get a white screen and frequently crashes when i launch it up New 2018-06-29
737 N++ does not run on Linux New 2018-06-27
736 Community levels not showing (Server error: Unable to quary levels) New 2018-06-12
735 I've Lost All Of My Progress, But Leaving The Mark Behind New 2018-06-10
734 Missing icons on taskbar. New 2018-06-09
733 Going into level view causes game to freeze up (linux) New 2018-06-03
732 N++ hangs in the main menu New 2018-06-03
731 Xbox N++ bugs New 2018-06-02
730 'Scores around mine' for levels shows random replays below yours (at least on PC) New 2018-06-01
729 Clicking secret levels on PC let you view replays New 2018-06-01
728 Episode SU-X-19 does not submit scores New 2018-06-01
727 Switch Leaderboard Issue New 2018-05-27
726 Hardcore Story Achievements Not Registering Accepted 2017-09-22
725 Lost more than half of my color schemes but the rest of my game progress is the same Accepted 2017-09-22
724 Gold completion symbol not showing up in 2560x1440 Accepted 2017-08-18
723 Windows Sound Played When Game Closed, Used When Other Programs Crash Or Are Unresponsive Accepted 2017-08-17
722 Online levels rarely show up Accepted 2017-08-05
721 N++ won't start unless I'm offline Accepted 2017-08-03
720 Game Crashed on Startup Accepted 2017-07-29
719 X-Row Disappeared Accepted 2017-07-22
718 Game does not start, white lines on left and top Accepted 2017-07-17
717 [Level editor] Door switches being weird. Accepted 2017-07-07
716 Game screens stuck in top right corner of screen, lines on game levels Accepted 2017-07-05
715 Sound works but video doesn't Accept 2017-07-04
714 Game crashes on startup Accepted 2017-06-29
711 X row not unlocked, different EP text color for recently beaten levels. Accepted 2017-06-02
710 Computer BSOD upon opening game Accepted 2017-05-23
709 Highscore submissions bugged on SU-D-11-03 Accepted 2017-05-22
708 Game Will Not Start Accepted 2017-05-14
707 game not starting on MacBook since update Accepted 2017-05-12
705 Ultimate edition levels can not be tracked Accepted 2017-05-08
704 Cloud saves not working in ultimate edition Accepted 2017-04-28
703 Ultimate secret levels progress resetting between sessions FixImplemented 2017-04-27
702 Wrong resolution (1792x1344) Accepted 2017-04-26
701 xbox controller starts player 02 as well. even though only one controller is plugged in Accepted 2017-04-26
700 Unlocked color schemes relocked; completed episodes not fully registering as completed? Accepted 2017-04-26
699 c-19 level not rendering Accepted 2017-04-25
696 Bad Success/Gold stats Accepted 2017-04-24
695 Game crashes on start up Accepted 2017-04-23
694 Highscores not working for ultimate hardcore stories Accepted 2017-04-23
691 Broken score on level S-C03-02 "floored" Accepted 2017-04-22
690 Challenges not visible for new levels Accepted 2017-04-22
689 Can't start n++ after creative update Accepted 2017-04-21
688 Corrupt All gold badge counting Accepted 2017-04-21
687 Valentines colors unavailable Accepted 2017-04-21
686 Stuck submitting highscore Accepted 2017-04-01
685 Misleading input hints at the end of replays Accepted 2017-03-24
684 Error when submitting online: unable to write file Accepted 2017-03-18
683 User profile progression error Accepted 2017-03-17
682 Problems with leaderboards when there are 20+ tied scores Accepted 2017-03-09
681 Can't see friend's scores (follow up to #647) Accepted 2017-03-07
680 Mac version times-out after 20min or so Accepted 2017-03-06
679 N++ crashes on option after set timebar size 720 Accepted 2017-03-05
678 Launching N++ in W10 Creator's Update puts most of it offscreen Accepted 2017-02-27
677 Number of attempts in the secret levels defaults to the level ID Accepted 2017-02-23
676 Crash to desktop from Options Menu Accepted 2017-02-21
675 Mac: not handling cmd-tab properly Accepted 2017-02-20
674 [Minor] The piece of headband stuck at the top left corner. Accepted 2017-02-17
673 No Sound Accepted 2017-02-09
672 Corrupt save data after computer crash with N++ open Accepted 2017-02-08
671 Main Menu crashing on Mac Accepted 2017-02-07
669 Need to update level hashes Accepted 2017-01-30
667 "Plus" colour scheme missing Accepted 2017-01-27
666 Literally can't see anything Accepted 2017-01-27
665 Leaderboard ranks are buggy Accepted 2017-01-25
663 B-14-02: overlordlork's leaderboard score (94) and replay (110) don't match up! Accepted 2017-01-24
662 Confusing "search" menu interface Accepted 2017-01-24
661 Problems with levels (probably related to change/edits) Accepted 2017-01-23
660 macs: the player and other things are not displayed Accepted 2017-01-23
659 Game crashes every time after uploading scores Accepted 2017-01-22
658 co-op X-row level select has wrong episode sequencing Accepted 2017-01-19
657 Let players use the Options menu to bind gamepad buttons Accepted 2017-01-18
656 Runtime error Accepted 2017-01-18
655 Unable to submit episode score for Solo Episode D-01 or Co-op Episode X-09 Accepted 2017-01-17
654 Fix all-gold badge alignment Accepted 2017-01-16
653 Word-wrap is broken for long level names Accepted 2017-01-16
652 Leaderboard names are sometimes truncated Accepted 2017-01-16
651 Leaderboards are buggy Accepted 2017-01-16
650 Level Solo C19 - not showing Accepted 2017-01-15
649 Lost progress after a crash due to playing a tracked level after untracking FixImplemented 2017-01-12
645 Game opens larger than screen Accepted 2017-01-07
644 Mac – «GLOBAL_POST_PROCESS_MENU» in Level View Accepted 2017-01-05
642 Mac -- black screen/crash on startup due to TOO-NEW OpenGL version?! Accepted 2017-01-03
641 Mac – Failing to submit scores, losing saves after relaunch Accepted 2017-01-03
637 Mac version: online session stops working after a while Accepted 2017-01-02
635 No sound. Accepted 2017-01-01
634 Game crashing when playing user-made levels Accepted 2017-01-01
632 Game fails to launch if Documents folder is controlled by domain (Windows) Accepted 2016-12-30
631 Replays of secret levels are buggy Accepted 2016-12-29
630 Pressing V + Z in quick succession restarts twice Accepted 2016-12-29
629 Sudden crash after completing level and looking through menu Accepted 2016-12-29
628 "Error submitting score. Retry?" Accepted 2016-12-29
625 Game doesn't load (N++) Accepted 2016-12-29
The Hilton property on Sixth Avenue, between West 53rd and West 54th streets, will open a downmarket grab-and-go restaurant this summer called Herb n' Kitchen, a cafeteria-style eatery that will offer breakfast, lunch and dinner. The plan was announced in October as part of a larger initiative at the hotel chain, which is simplifying its food offerings at Double Tree by Hilton and Embassy Suites as well.
What it didn't mention then, however, is that Herb n' Kitchen will replace the room-service operation at the midtown hotel.
"Like most full-service hotels, New York Hilton Midtown has continued to see a decline in traditional room-service requests over the last several years," said a spokesperson in a statement. The Hilton Hawaiian Village was the first Hilton to eliminate room service. In October, it put away the china and linen in favor of takeout.
Room service is a big money-loser for hotels, said John Fox, senior vice president of PKF Consulting. "I don't think anyone makes a profit on room service because of its labor costs," they said, adding, "I'm sure all the big hotels will be looking at what Hilton is doing."
And so, too, will the New York Hotel & Motel Trades Council, the union that represents the 55 workers and thousands of other employees who work in the room-service departments of the city's hotels.
The hotel industry is clearly testing the waters. A couple of years ago, the Grand Hyatt on East 42nd Street scaled back its room-service hours when it opened a 24-hour grab-and-go market. The Hyatt's room service shuts down at 11 p.m.
Hotelier Ian Schrager's Chicago property, Public, delivers food in a brown paper bag that's left outside guests' doors. "People don't like paying a $7 service delivery fee or waiting 45 minutes for their food or greeting a server while they're half-dressed," they told Crain's last year.
An unreleased police report indicates that Martese Johnson, the 20-year-old student whose arrest for public intoxication quickly went viral as the cops tackled them to the ground and injured him, wasn't actually intoxicated — and the cops who arrested them knew that.
The image of a bloodied Johnson, an honors student at the prestigious University of Virginia, quickly went viral, and questions arose as to whether the members of the Virginia Alcohol and Beverage Commission went overboard in their arrest. According to the report, as detailed by the Richmond Free Press, the ABC officers targeted Johnson after he'd been turned away from a bar, believing that they might have a fake ID.
Though the ABC initially reported that Johnson was drunk and resisted arrest, the report, commissioned by Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, found that Johnson did indeed cooperate and showed them their ID before being tackled to the ground.
Thanks to the report — a “thick” document over a hundred pages long, according to their lawyer — Johnson may not face any charges. McAuliffe has reportedly ordered reform measures for the ABC officers, “whose reputation has been tarnished by repeated allegations of brutality.”
The video of the arrest can be seen below:
[Image via screenshot/The Cavalier Daily]
—
>> Follow Tina Nguyen (@Tina_Nguyen) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Steve Schmidt says what most Republicans are now thinking. They excoriate the ‘intellectual rot' within the Republican Party. They boldly stated that given Trump's unfitness to serve, Hillary Clinton would be the 45th President of the USA and Congress in play.
Watch the video here.
"The only question up in the air is how close the Democrats will come to retaking the House majority," Steve Schmidt continued. "What this exposes though is much deeper to the Republican Party as an institution. This candidacy, the magnitude of its disgrace to the country is almost impossible I think to articulate. It has exposed the intellectual rot in the Republican Party. It has exposed on a massive level the hypocrisy, the modern day money changers in the Temple like Jerry Falwell Jr. And so this party to go forward and to represent a conservative vision for America has great soul searching to do. And what we've seen and the danger for all of these candidates is over the course of the last year, these candidates who have repeatedly put their party ahead of their country denying what is so obviously clear to anybody who was watching about their complete and total manifest unfitness for this office."
Progressives must take nothing for granted. We must continue to energize our base and vote en masse. The entire Congress is in play.
The Bridgegate case against two former aides of the New Jersey governor, Chris Christie, neared its end on Friday as prosecutors argued that the traffic chaos caused by lane closures on the George Washington Bridge in 2013 was designed to punish a local mayor for withholding their endorsement of the governor's re-election bid.
“You think any of this would have been done without the direct knowledge of participants?” asked prosecutor Lee Cortes. “No way … it was a cruel and callous scheme.”
Prosecutors claim the scheme was a direct response to Mayor Mark Sokolich of Fort Lee, a Democrat, who refused to endorse the Republican governor's re-election bid. Fort Lee is on the New Jersey side of the bridge that connects the state with New York.
Bridgegate: Chris Christie misconduct complaint to be reviewed for indictment Read more
As news of an alleged plot and cover-up surfaced in early 2014, Christie offered a meandering, 107-minute TV apology, denying any knowledge of the events and pronouncing themselves “stunned by the abject stupidity” of their aides engaging in such a plan.
But the credibility of those assertions has been strained, if not shredded, by six weeks of testimony delivered by members of Christie's “inner circle” that prosecutors described as a “coterie of cowards”.
Federal prosecutors produced a text sent by Bridget Anne Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff and one of the two defendants charged, during the press conference. “He just flat out lied,” Kelly texted.
As the case against Kelly and co-defendant Bill Baroni, Christie's deputy executive director at the Port Authority that administers crossings to Manhattan, is prepared for jury deliberations, the one witness the court did not hear from is Christie himself.
Kelly testified that they talked to the governor twice about the lane closures while they were under way, including once when they passed along that Sokolich had asked whether the lanes were closed for “government retribution”.
Kelly said that David Wildstein, a former high-ranking official at the Port Authority and the admitted mastermind of the lane closure plot, told them in June 2013 that they were working with Port Authority engineers and police on a “traffic study”.
They also said there were explanations for emails and texts that prosecutors offered as evidence that they participated in the scheme that appears to have begun on 12 August 2013, when they received an email from Wildstein: “I have an issue to discuss with you, extraordinarily weird even by my standards.” Kelly then wrote to Wildstein: “Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee.”
In Friday's summations, Cortes argued Kelly's words meant precisely that: “They were not about a traffic study. They are a direct view into minds of the participants.”
In another, infamous exchange, she'd replied “Is it wrong that I am smiling” after Wildstein described in an email how school buses had been caught in the traffic chaos. Kelly explained they were simply pleased that their colleague's “traffic study” was progressing.
In a key passage, Wildstein, the government's star witness, testified that they got approval for the scheme from Baroni and Kelly. They said Christie was told about the traffic in Fort Lee on the third day of the gridlock during a September 11 memorial event.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bill Baroni, arriving at the federal courthouse in Newark, is jointly accused with Bridget Anne Kelly. Photograph: Rich Schultz/AP
Wildstein said their job was to serve the interests of their only constituent – their former high school friend, Christie. “Being the bad cop when it was necessary to move something forward. It was my expectation that I would be tough.”
Baroni testified that Wildstein told Christie about the traffic congestion but denied knowledge of it. Mike DuHaime, one of Christie's closest political advisers, also testified saying they told Christie in December 2013 that Kelly and campaign manager Bill Stepien knew about the lane closures.
But the presiding judge in the case, Susan D Wigenton, said prosecutors do not have to prove that defendants intended to punish Sokolich in order to convict on nine counts of conspiracy and fraud connected to the scheme and its cover-up.
Notwithstanding the outcome, the trial has been damaging for Christie as they were reportedly passed over as Donald Trump's running mate in part because of the shadows thrown by Bridgegate.
The trial has also offered a fascinating glimpse into an administration that could effortlessly reward retribution. An email by Wildstein revealed in court said the Christie administration considered the Port Authority a “goody bag” to distribute favors, money and jobs.
Sokolich described how Christie aides first tried to win their re-election endorsement with gifts, including trips to the new, partially constructed World Trade Center, one of the flags that had flown over Ground Zero, and lengthy lunches at the governor's mansion in Trenton.
But when Sokolich indicated they would not endorse the governor, the mood abruptly changed. Sokolich testified they had tried to reach Christie aides, including Baroni, but was stonewalled. Baroni later told jurors they had asked themselves 1,000 times why they did not call the mayor back. “I listened to David Wildstein,” they said.
Sokolich said they were forced to conclude “the only plausible reason” for the closures “is someone is mad at me”.
Jurors will begin deliberations on Tuesday.
Why Female Protagonists Matter
It's no secret that the gaming world is mainly dominated by men. Whether you look at developers, journalists, or the players themselves, it's clear that the demographic is strongly male-oriented. Even taking a glance at the actual games you can see how often the protagonist is a strong, gruff dude that sounds like he's been gargling sulfuric acid since they were seven. Gears of War, Halo, Call of Duty, Splinter Cell, Metal Gear Solid, and Max Payne are just a few of the franchises that immediately jump to mind that feature a somewhat cliched video game hero. And I'm kind of getting tired of it.
Whatever happened to strong female characters in games? Were they ever really a thing in the first place? I remember how floored fans were when they discovered that Samus was a chick at the end of Metroid for the NES. Since then, girls in games have become no more than glorified sex objects tailored to please the males that dominate the demographic of video game players. I say enough is enough; it's time to get some respectable women in the limelight. And I'm happy to report that this idea may be gaining traction. Here are some games that show women the right way.
Tomb Raider
This franchise started out innocently enough. The player controlled the busty babe Lara Croft, an explorer that braved ancient ruins around the world in search of powerful artifacts. Along the way, they fought dangerous creatures, collected objects, and solved multiple puzzles. The third-person action game was a commercial and critical success. But in the sequels that followed, it seemed their waist to chest ratio steadily declined. I have no doubt that at least part of the franchise's success is due to the fact that you play as a sexy, gun-toting adventurer.
Why are people okay with this? Do players really turn gaming icons into sex objects if they have boobs and carry a gun? A possible reason it took so long for gamers to be respected is simply because of our view on women in games. I'm not necessarily saying the developers made a mistake when they designed Lara as they did, but somewhere along the way they became more than a video game hero and become something to ogle.
I'm happy to say that this is changing. The Tomb Raider franchise is getting a much-needed reboot, and the new design of Lara Croft is exceptional because they look, well, real. Them body proportions are finally natural, and that alone is reason to rejoice. She's still attractive (what video game protagonist isn't?), but at least they look like a actual girl rather than a digitized Barbie doll, and she's got a personality to match. In demos of the new game, you hear Lara constantly panting, grunting, and even yelling in fear and pain, characterizing them as a lost, frail girl in a place they don't belong. I have much respect for where Crystal Dynamics is taking this character in an effort to make them respected not just for their looks but for their story and personality as well.
Gears of War
Gears of War is a frat boy's dream come true. It doesn't get more manly than chainsawing through a grub's torso amongst a group of beefy, testosterone-fueled war heroes in an effort to save the world. But Epic Games' violent trilogy said more in what they left out than in what they included: scantily clad women.
Games such as these always include that stereotypical sexy female role that exists only to get male gamers more hyped up. I think of RPGs where men run around in full suits of armor but the one female in the group is swinging a sword in a bikini in the middle of the battlefield. It doesn't make sense, and it's almost insulting. Even as a male, I find it tasteless to ruin the consistency of the fiction of a world by including something so outlandish as a half-naked chick amongst a pack of warriors. Where's the immersion in that? Despite Gears of War's clear catering toward the male gamer, I'm proud of them for how they treated females throughout the game, especially in the third title where women entered combat.
In Gears 3, characters such as the protagonist Marcus's love interest Anya Stroud along with the elderly, dreadlocked brute Bernie Mataki take up arms to fight the Locust menace. Not once are these women treated as less than the other soldiers fighting for the world's salvation. Never are they sexualized or used as simple eye candy for the player. Epic Games did women a true service with this franchise, putting realism, respect, and equality above stereotypes, and that act is pushing us in the right direction.
Portal
Valve's hit puzzle game is one where who you're playing as doesn't matter as much as the incredible level design, hilarious voice acting and writing, and genius puzzles. The entire game is played without your character muttering a sound, and you have to go out of your way to find out who it is you are. Only by using portals to view yourself in-game do you realize that you're actually a woman, a revelation that doesn't really matter. Or does it?
Valve could have easily made the protagonist a silent male lead, as they did with Gordan Freeman in Half-Life. It wouldn't have made a difference to anyone. Only those who scoured over forums and online speculation by fans ever discovered the name of Portal's lead: Chell. And even then it still didn't matter. At least it doesn't seem that way at first. But really, Valve made a decision that's more important than it seems on the surface.
By making Portal's lead role a woman, a role that could have been filled by a male without any difference in story, gameplay, or reception by fans, they proclaimed their opinion on female protagonists in a subtle way. By giving Chell the portal gun, they silently invited women into the world of gaming that hasn't been so receptive to them in past years. How would girls feel playing games if literally every time they picked up a controller they were controlling a male hero? They'd probably feel isolated and out of place, which might turn some of them off to gaming. Because of decisions like Valve's for Portal, the gaming industry is on the right track to making everyone feel equal and welcome.
Sexism will probably always exist in media to some degree, especially in a medium dominated mostly by males. But as time moves on, and games become more and more integrated into society, it's the industry's job to break the bad habit of objectifying women. And on the path we're on now, I think we can do it.
0 Shares
“So if, for example, there's a company like TPG going into a certain area they can do whatever cost model they can come up with but there [could be] a levy much in the same way (Universal Service Obligations) currently works . . . to partly offset the costs of getting broadband to the rural areas. “That way everybody gets a broadband connection and there's a degree of competition. This is something we hope the Vertigan panel considers in the deliberations.” The government-appointed Vertigan Committee, headed by Dr Michael Vertigan, is considering whether or not companies such as TPG should be allowed to use a legal loophole to extend their networks and offer fibre-to-the-basement services in competition with NBN Co. “There can also be a tax-subsidy component where taxpayers are paying for the difference of the higher cost in the rural areas,” Mr Morrow added. Mr Morrow was reluctant to call the proposal a tax and said they preferred to think of it as a levy or a universal service obligation.
But iiNet chief regulatory officer Steve Dalby said the proposal would be difficult to enforce and should not be compared to the USO, which takes a percentage of revenue from all Australian telecommunications providers. “The USO is a simple formula whereas you'd need to get much more granular with this,” they said. “We would certainly be uncomfortable with being taxed twice and . . . if I'm going to bring FTTB to one site where TPG connects 100 . . . how is a levy across my total revenue pool going to be equitable? “I'd like to see much more detail but just comparing it to the existing USO doesn't work.” Despite ongoing concern over TPG's construction plans, NBN Co continues to rollout out its fibre optic network with 512,659 fixed line and fixed wireless premises passed by the network as of March 31, up 96,000 from the previous quarter. But 94,883 existing homes and businesses, known as “brownfield premises”, could not order a service because they were in multi-dwelling units, such as apartment buildings, that had not been connected.
“To address this . . . we're changing our delivery model,” NBN Co chief operating officer Greg Adcock said. “We are now moving to a model that pro-actively installs a lead in and connection box on the outside of the home during the roll-out [and] this ‘do it right first time' approach will remove the single largest root cause of failure during installation.” Mr Morrow made the comments as part of NBN Co's third-quarter financial results, which revealed the company had made a a $1.12 billion loss with revenue of just $69.8 million during the nine months ending March 31. NBN Co has so far spent $4.4 billion in capital costs and $2.2 billion in operating costs. It has received $7.28 billion in funding from the federal government and $57 million from its customers. Loading Mr Morrow also said the company's renegotiation of its $11.2 billion deal with Telstra was going well and remained on track to be signed by August 2014.
But they warned the company would not trade time for value and that the cost-benefit analysis and review of regulations by the government-appointed Vertigan committee would have a significant impact on any deal.
We're monitoring this closely. And, you know, I think, as a general rule, my view is that there is a way for us to accommodate sacred lands of Native Americans. And I think that right now the Army Corps is examining whether there are ways to reroute this pipeline in a way…. So—so, we're going to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that I think is properly attentive to the traditions of the first Americans….
— President Obama on the Now This News website, November 1, 2016
Isn't that sweet? The President gave lip service to “the traditions of the first Americans.” They didn't mention treaties between sovereign nations, of course, because he's not about to break with the traditions of the second Americans: that such treaties are only a means to a genocidal end and aren't to be taken seriously by the United States of exceptional, manifestly destined Americans whenever such treaties interfere with what the US wants.
That's what “properly attentive” means historically. Freely translated, “properly attentive” means “make a show of peace talk, then roll over them with whatever force necessary after it's too late to affect the election.” The legal mind is nothing if not properly attentive to elegant turns of phrase in its unyielding hypocrisy.
If the President had any intention of honoring anything relating to the sacred lands of Native Americans, they would not be planning to “let it play out for several more weeks.” Sacred lands have already been destroyed. Sacred lands are being destroyed now, not only by the pipeline construction but also by the massive militarized police response to nonviolent protest. Letting it play out for several more weeks only opens the door to the destruction of more – even all – of the sacred lands in the path of this lethal-to-the-planet pipeline.
What is happening, what has been happening for months in North Dakota, is a travesty – of justice, of common human decency, of the rule of law and standards of international law. And our president is on the wrong side of all of it, just barely responding in their docile, passive, articulate evasiveness.
“We're monitoring this closely,” says the President
If the President is monitoring this closely and remains willing to let it play out for several more weeks, that's a pretty clear signal that they have no serious problem with the creation of police state conditions in North Dakota. Besides an unknown number of private security forces working for Energy Transfer Partners (the pipeline sponsor), there are law enforcement officers from at least seven states that have cost about $10 million so far. That seems a ridiculously high price to pay to contain peaceful protest. And it's an even more ridiculous price for taxpayers to shell out to protect private profits.
If the President is monitoring this closely without responding, that is a tacit admission that they have no serious problem with any of the egregious behavior so far by official and quasi-official paramilitaries and their wide-ranging mistreatment (apparently including criminal assault) of American citizens. In particular, they have allowed and continues to allow themselves to be seen as approving:
Unlicensed, apparently untrained private security forces using dogs to bloody peaceful protesters (who call themselves water protectors).
State officials arresting and over-charging journalists for committing journalism.
A local sheriff inflaming the public with false reports of “pipe bombs,” when what they had actually heard was talk of “peace pipes.”
Law officers shooting nonviolent water protectors in the back and front with rubber bullets.
State officials housing arrestees in dog cages and conditions that violate international law against torturing prisoners.
Law officers on the riverbank using mace and pepper spray against nonviolent water protectors standing in the water.
Official surveillance helicopters flying low to panic horses.
Official surveillance helicopters mysteriously going off duty just before “persons unknown” start a prairie fire (with such ineptitude that the wind blows it away from the Standing Rock Sioux gathering ground).
Apparent contempt of court by Energy Transfer Partners, who sent its bulldozers to destroy a burial ground that, once destroyed, could no longer be a reason for a federal court to rule against the pipeline. Desecration is not a criminal act, apparently, when you have a government permit for it, even when that permit is under litigation.
That's a lot of official abuse to tolerate, even for a president, and that's just a sampling of the police state techniques being tested in Middle America these days.
“And I think that right now the Army Corps is examining whether there are ways to reroute this pipeline in a way …”
The President paused there, leaving the thought unfinished. The pipeline has already been re-routed, away from the state capital city of Bismarck after residents there expressed fear that the pipeline threatened their water supply. Now the pipeline threatens the water supply of the Standing Rock Sioux (and thousands of others), but that is more acceptable to the American power structure. The President has expressed no dismay at the idea that a pipeline rupture along the Missouri River would devastate huge numbers of “the first Americans,” who have no other source of water. As one water protector put it: “If it were to be contaminated,… it would be a death sentence.”
Why does the President think rerouting a climate-hostile pipeline is any kind of answer to anything other than protecting the speculative bets of Energy Transfer Partners? If they were to consider this pipeline (any new pipeline) in terms of its impact on global climate values, this would be a no-brainer: no more pipelines. This is the Army Corps of Engineers we're talking about – the Army – and the President is the commander in chief who has no difficulty blowing up wedding parties and funerals with drones in some imaginary defense of national security. Why do they have such reluctance to protect planetary security? Why do they not just order the Army Corp of Engineers to go back to square one and re-do this process which was fast-tracked in the first place, for reasons that remain murky, and with the exclusion of interested parties with legal standing. But President Obama, on full salary as they campaign for Hillary Clinton, shows no inclination to do any of this well or right. He's apparently much more confortable with false equivalencies and blaming the victims (also on Now This News):
Yeah, I mean, it's a challenging situation. I think that my general rule when I talk to governors and state and local officials, whenever they're dealing with protests, including, for example, during the Black Lives Matter protests, is there is an obligation for protesters to be peaceful, and there's an obligation for authorities to show restraint. And, you know, I want to make sure that as everybody is exercising their constitutional rights to be heard, that both sides are refraining from situations that might result in people being hurt.
For someone supposedly monitoring this closely, the President might be expected to know that people have already been hurt and most, if not all, of those hurt were nonviolent, peaceful protestors set upon by dogs and assaulted by rubber bullets, sound cannons, and chemical weapons. What fundamental, callous irrationality prompts this president to bring in Black Lives Matter? That is strange beyond comprehension. But perhaps it shines a light on that dark place in their soul that allowed them to react with almost no help or pity for the people of Flint, poisoned by their own governments, including the one President Obama is supposed to lead.
Every time i see anyone famous talk about, comment on or write an open letter to Kangana Ranaut i LOL. It is comedy at its simple, slapstick best and reminds me of a hilarious bit from an old Indiana Jones movie. In the scene Harrison Ford, the hero, is confronted by a man twice their size and wielding a deadly sword-machete style blade. Unfortunately for the baddie Mister Ford is younger, smarter and more nimble and so they reach for their gun and shoots the villain in the chest. And that is exactly what every one who has taken Kangana on in recent years looks like – the comic relief who bumbled into a gunfight brandishing a penknife.
Like many men and women i love Kangana and when i grow up i want to be Kangana. Them presence elevates a film.  They are so good that it's a relief our film awards are rigged because if they were based on real ability they would have to win every single time. But while Miss Ranaut is talented, ambitious, articulate, honest, direct, and beautiful (all traits i believe i can develop very soon) this is not why we are obsessed with them It is because they are that kid on the playground who stands up to the bully.  They are our living, breathing feminist fantasy: a real-life David in a world of fuddy-duddy, has-been Goliaths.
Sadly in India we don't celebrate such women, instead we try and find a way to control them. And because in this case their livelihood and career are unimpeachable the keepers of our misogynistic value system (aka The Ladylike Police) have decided to go after their propriety – apparently they are not dignified and is using their dirty laundry for PR. It blows my mind that a woman can be treated in a blatantly undignified fashion yet must maintain unrealistic standards of decorum when fighting back!
And when the Ladylike Policing fails, as it has, the sexists retreat to that one word they love to put women down – crazy. You see anger is the male prerogative and women are allowed to display it only when defending children or in some equally noble pursuit. Anything less and we are psychos. So maybe we women should view being called crazy like it's a compliment. It means you have their attention, that you have got under their skin and, best of all, that you have made them act and sound a little crazy too.
Tesla's next big reveal is likely to be an electric 18-wheeler.
Tesla's next big reveal is likely to be an electric 18-wheeler. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Text size
One way to take people's eyes off of your core business is to keep launching newer businesses.
A cynic might think Tesla was testing out the strategy. The company is expected to reveal an electric semi truck later this month. The unveiling would come less than eight weeks after Tesla delivered its first Model 3 cars.
The company is also still relatively early in the process of integrating SolarCity, the residential solar panel installer it bought last year.
Analysts at Morgan Stanley think Tesla's release of a “working prototype” truck could be timed around the North American Commercial Vehicle show, which begins on Sept. 25.
Tesla has a lot on its plate now, with CEO Elon Musk recently commenting that the company would be going through “production hell” to get more Model 3s cars on the road. Musk has set an ambitious target of building 500,000 total cars in 2018, including the Model S and Model X. The company made just 84,000 last year.
The company also has some competition in this area. Cummins unveiled an electric semi last week that had a 100-mile range. Tesla's truck is expected to have two or three times that, which is better but will still limit its uses.
Morgan Stanley analyst Ravi Shanker doubts that the Tesla truck will go on sale in the near future, writing that they expect that to happen in 2020. Nonetheless, he's excited about the semi reveal, which they say “could be the biggest catalyst in trucking in decades.”
Investors, though, may want to pump the brakes on their enthusiasm, at least until it becomes clear that Tesla can first execute on its car-related goals.
Big Picture: Tesla already has a full plate, but it's likely to reveal a new electric truck this month.
Swooping and diving above the mountainous town of Bex in western Switzerland, the self-styled "Rocket Man" flew at 8,200ft for more than five minutes thanks to an 8ft jet-powered wing strapped to their back.
It has always been Mr Rossy's ambition to fly freely, but it has taken four years of working on their jet design for that dream to become reality.
To achieve their bird-like status, the former Swiss fighter pilot was taken up in a light aircraft, just like a normal skydiver.
On jumping from the plane they appeared to plummet towards earth, before their fall turned to a glide and they ignited the four small jet engines attached to the carbon wing. Once under power and using a lever to control the fuel, they had the freedom to soar where they chose.
Clearly enjoying their first public flight, at speeds of up to 186mph, Mr Rossy tipped their wings, flipped onto their back then levelled out again, performing a 360-degree roll.
Unlike Icaraus, the Greek mythological figure who flew too close to the sun and did not live to tell the tale, the 48-year-old landed safely using a parachute.
"This flight was excellent," they said afterwards. "It's like a second skin. If I turn to the left, I fly left. If I nudge to the right, I go right."
Now they are planning an even greater challenge – to fly across the Channel.
On an earnings call today, Pandora CFO Mike Herring announced that the company was lifting its 40-hour limit on free mobile streaming. During the six-month period of the limit, Herring said, "we have gained critical insights into our user population" — as a result, it's focusing on cutting costs rather and abolishing the cap as of September 1st. Pandora introduced the policy back in February, asking users to pay 99 cents a month if they reached the limit. At that point, it said increasing royalty rates were making it difficult to keep the service afloat despite advertising revenue, and that almost nobody would be affected: only 4 percent of users, the company said, would likely ever hit that limit.
Now, Herring says that strong advertising revenue has made up for rising royalty rates; the company solidly beat analyst expectations this quarter, though its future outlook isn't as sunny and it's still barely making a profit. While the 40-hour mobile cap was only in place for six months, it's a resurrection of a similar Pandora policy that limited users to 40 hours a month on desktop; that cap was lifted in 2011.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Thursday, September 11, 2014
Contact: Alison Mize, 202-833-8773 ext. 205, Alison@esa.org
Datasets from long-running volunteer survey programs, calibrated with data from sporadic intensive monitoring efforts, have allowed ecologists to track the recovery of peregrine falcons in California and evaluate the effectiveness of a predictive model popular in the management of threatened species.
In recovery from the deadly legacy of DDT, American peregrine falcons (Falco peregrinus anatum) faced new uncertainty in 1992, when biologists proposed to stop rearing young birds in captivity and placing them in wild nests. Tim Wootton and Doug Bell published models that year in ESA's journal Ecological Applications, projecting population trends for the falcon in California, with and without direct human intervention in the falcons' reproductive lives. They concluded that the birds would continue to recover without captive rearing, though the population growth rate might slow. Fledgling introductions had bolstered wild falcon numbers and genetic diversity, but survival would ultimately depend on cleaning up lingering DDT contamination to create healthy conditions for wild birds, they argued.
This month, they return to their 1992 predictions to see how the American peregrine falcons have fared over the last two decades, with a new report featured on the cover of the September 2014 issue of Ecological Applications. Though falcon numbers are lower than hoped for, data from volunteer survey programs, calibrated with more intensive surveys by wildlife biologists, confirmed a recovery trajectory well within the trends Wootton and Bell predicted.
“The challenge was to come up with data,” said Wootton. “Once a species falls off the endangered species list, there is not a lot of funding to track how management, or lack of management, is doing,” they said. “There was limited data that was appropriate being collected on the falcon, so we turned to a couple of well-known bird censuses that cover wide geographic areas.”
The follow-on study provided insights in the use of volunteer-generated data as well as an important test of population viability analysis, a tool increasingly used to evaluate alternative management plans and identify conservation priorities for endangered species, including sea turtles, grizzlies, and desert tortoises. It supported the importance of considering the health and behavior of geographic groups of a threatened species within a larger population. The 1992 paper identified falcon population “sinks” in parts of Southern California where chemical contamination lingered and the birds could not maintain numbers without migrants from healthier areas. Unfortunately, the falcon's recovery has continued to lag in these areas.
Once widespread across North America, the world's fastest bird had disappeared from the east by mid-century and was near extinction on the continent by 1975, when a survey found only 159 breeding pairs of American peregrine falcons. Chicks often did not survive to hatch in thin shells made fragile by a metabolite of the famously persistent insecticide DDT, which, along with its metabolites and breakdown products, accumulates in fatty tissues and can haunt soils for decades. DDT came into use during World War II to prevent the spread of serious insect-borne disease. Its use expanded widely and indiscriminately over North America in the next three decades.
Testimonials from scientists, like Rachel Carson's Silent Spring, eventually brought attention to the environmental hazards of organochloride insecticides. Canada banned agricultural use of DDT in 1970, and the US followed in 1972. The peregrine was listed as endangered in 1970 under the original Endangered Species Conservation Act of 1969. Peregrine numbers steadily improved in the 1980s, and the US Fish and Wildlife Service removed the falcon from endangered species protection in 1999.
“Amateur falconers developed methods to captive rear and release falcons because they were personally concerned about the birds,” said Wootton. “A group at UC Santa Cruz adopted and adapted the techniques that people had used in falconry for centuries and a fleet of volunteers helped monitor nests.”
Without parents to guide and protect them, released fledglings often ran afoul of owls and other dangers, but the captive breeding programs succeeded in boosting falcon numbers. How healthy released birds were, and what would happen when the flow of introduced young stopped, was unknown.
“Our 1992 models suggested they would be okay,” said Wootton.
To fill the large information gaps between the end of intensive falcon monitoring in 1992 and sporadic later surveys, Bell and Wootton drew on data collected by the Audubon Society's long-running Christmas Bird Count and by the Breeding Bird Survey, administered cooperatively by the US Geological Survey's Patuxent Wildlife Research Center and the Canadian Wildlife Service. They expected that the more formally structured Breeding Bird Survey would be most consistent with systematic census data collected by the Santa Cruz Predatory Bird Research Group during its captive rearing program (1975-1992) and in a 2006 follow-up census, and with 2003 data from the US Fish and Wildlife Service. The authors were a little surprised to discover that data from the Christmas Bird Count served better in this particular study.
The Audubon Society has organized a yearly Christmas Bird Count since 1900, urging volunteers to count bird sightings over 24 hours in locations of their choice in mid-December to early January. Some participants have recorded feathered visitors to their backyard feeders while others hiked into local parks and wilderness preserves. The society has an interest is in getting people to participate and enjoy birding as well as gather data, and encourages first-time observers as well as scientists and life-long birders to join the count. To make year-to-year data more comparable, local groups return yearly to count birds in established spots, and often make efforts to assure that experienced birders accompany novices. Groups report results as birds sighted per hour per group.
The Breeding Bird Survey has recruited birding enthusiasts who can identify all breeding bird species in their geographic area by sight and sound since 1966. Throughout the summer breeding season, dedicated volunteers record observations during explicitly defined 3-min observation sessions at 50 roadside stops along 40 kilometer routes.
Wootton suspects that the greater number of ‘eyes on the skies' in the Christmas Bird Count was key to obtaining a reliable sampling of the rare peregrines, overcoming variables of motivation, experience, location, and time. Predators like peregrine falcons are rare compared to other birds, even when populations are healthy. Mustering many observers lowers the likelihood of undercounting rare birds.
Peregrine falcons that breed in California often do not migrate, which reduces the discordance of recording observations in different seasons. It is possible that for more common birds, or different ecological questions, the Breeding Bird Survey would perform better. Wootton noted that a reliable calibration data set was essential, though they have high confidence in the volunteer data.
“I'm very positive about volunteer datasets. I think that comes from my background as a participant in other volunteer data collection programs going into university. I had a sense that people taking part in the programs knew what they were doing. That's especially true in the birding world. Many non-scientists are very good at observing and identifying birds,” said Wootton.
The Breeding Bird Survey, the Christmas Bird Count, and other citizen science programs like eBird are supported by strong communities of knowledgeable, competitive amateurs who provide learning resources to novices and create a culture of high expectations. Wootton speculated that these traits help produce high-quality data that can be integrated into research programs. Their success suggests to them ways in which the amiably competitive and obsessive nature of scuba diving, for example, might be harnessed to monitor coral reef health, and produce sorely needed natural history data.
Population viability analyses are often used for planning conservation management, but management changes are rarely used to evaluate whether models are actually useful. Bell and Wooton would like to see predictions tested across wider situations to provide a rigorous test of model. But rigorous testing depends on long-term data collection. Ecologists are awakening to the potential of citizen naturalists armed with smartphones, databases, and social media tools to join them in that long term effort for conservation and discovery.
###
Citations:
J. Timothy Wootton and Douglas A. Bell (2014). Assessing predictions of population viability analysis: Peregrine Falcon populations in California. Ecological Applications 24:1251–1257. http://dx.doi.org/10.1890/13-1323.1 [pdf]
J. Timothy Wootton and Douglas A. Bell (1992). A Metapopulation Model of the Peregrine Falcon in California: Viability and Management Strategies. Ecological Applications 2:307–321. http://dx.doi.org/10.2307/1941864 [pdf]
Authors:
Tim Wootton
Professor, University of Chicago, Chicago, Ill.
http://woottonlab.uchicago.edu/
twootton@uchicago.edu
Doug Bell
Wildlife Program Manager, East Bay Regional Park District, Oakland, Cal.
Funding for this study was provided in part by the National Science Foundation (DEB 0919420).
Journalists and public information officers can gain access to full texts of all ESA publications by contacting the public affairs office. Email Liza Lester, llester@esa.org.
The Ecological Society of America is the world's largest community of professional ecologists and a trusted source of ecological knowledge. ESA is committed to advancing the understanding of life on Earth. The 10,000 member Society publishes five journals, convenes an annual scientific conference, and broadly shares ecological information through policy and media outreach and education initiatives. Visit the ESA website at http://www.esa.org.
To subscribe to ESA press releases, contact Liza Lester at llester@esa.org.
When I try to login with lightdm my monitors go dark and then switch off before taking me back to the lightdm login screen. I get a message telling me:
Could not switch to the monitor configuration
could not set the configuration to CRTC 64
I'm running unity in a multi-monitor set up with 3 monitors. Before this error started occurring I had 2 monitors active and one switched off. I played Minecraft and upon closing the program there seems to have been some kind of problem setting the resolution and all of my screens went black except a small (about 640x480) window in the top left hand corner of the first monitor.
I tried using the display manager to fix the resolution but after applying the settings the screens both displayed in some kind of 4:3 resolution (1280x1024 maybe). I figured maybe I needed to log out and in again, and ever since then I haven't been able to start a unity session.
I installed xfce4 and I can log into that but really I want unity back. I have tried reinstalling ubuntu-desktop and unity, but I'm still receiving the same error. I've tried checking the permissions for .Xauthority and .ICEauthority, but they look fine.
Here is my output for lshw -c video :
*-display description: 3D controller product: GF117M [GeForce 610M/710M/820M / GT 620M/625M/630M/720M] vendor: NVIDIA Corporation physical id: 0 bus info: pci@0000:01:00.0 version: a1 width: 64 bits clock: 33MHz capabilities: pm msi pciexpress bus_master cap_list rom configuration: driver=nvidia latency=0 resources: irq:47 memory:f6000000-f6ffffff memory:e0000000-efffffff memory:f0000000-f1ffffff ioport:e000(size=128) memory:f7000000-f707ffff *-display description: VGA compatible controller product: 3rd Gen Core processor Graphics Controller vendor: Intel Corporation physical id: 2 bus info: pci@0000:00:02.0 version: 09 width: 64 bits clock: 33MHz capabilities: msi pm vga_controller bus_master cap_list rom configuration: driver=i915 latency=0 resources: irq:44 memory:f7400000-f77fffff memory:d0000000-dfffffff ioport:f000(size=64)
Everything looks good if I modinfo i915 , but if I modinfo nvidia I get modinfo: ERROR: Module nvidia not found. nvidia should be my default display driver.
Here are the contents of my xorg.conf:
Section "ServerLayout" Identifier "layout" Screen 0 "nvidia" Inactive "intel" EndSection Section "Device" Identifier "intel" Driver "intel" BusID "PCI:0@0:2:0" Option "AccelMethod" "SNA" EndSection Section "Screen" Identifier "intel" Device "intel" EndSection Section "Device" Identifier "nvidia" Driver "nvidia" BusID "PCI:1@0:0:0" Option "ConstrainCursor" "off" EndSection Section "Screen" Identifier "nvidia" Device "nvidia" Option "AllowEmptyInitialConfiguration" "on" Option "IgnoreDisplayDevices" "CRT" EndSection
What further steps should I take to further diagnose this problem and restore my unity session?
The slow news cycle resumes…not much to blog about.
From Salon: Why do Internet trolls? They might be sadists
Maybe's it's not sadism, but opposite – a lack of confidence. Trolling could be a mechanism for lowering expectations, a way to dull the sting of rejection, which according to studies is a really awful. If the expectation is that your commentary will be poorly received, any praise is upside and negative feedback is anticipated. It's like hoping for the best and preparing for the worst, but by trolling you put yourself in the mindset of anticipating the worse.
The above TED talk on rejection is accurate to some extent, but misses a key point: The worse rejection is not rejection that is expected, but reejction that is unanticipated, such as rejection from friends and family, for example. If you go a store, approach the manager, and demand free stuff, you probably won't be surprised the manager rebukes your demands; after all, it's a store, not a charity. You probably never expected free stuff, but if they somehow say yes, awesome.
It's impossible to ‘not give a fuck' or develop ‘thick skin'. Humans are wired to be self-conscious – that's what makes us different than, say, ants. To turn this off would require some degree of psychopathy or inebriation. Just tired of these useless self-help guides that purport to show you how to override human nature. Can't be done. Even when a multi-platinum artist gets bad reviews on their latest album, their money doesn't shield them – it hurts.
So that is one element of trolling that no one talks about, but is probably relevant.
Kurdish and Arab forces have pushed further into the heart of the Islamic State-controlled city of Manbij, as an influential US think tank declared Kurdish autonomy in the region inevitable.
A US defence spokesperson confirmed that the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a group composed of the pro-Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) and allied Arab groups, began to push into the centre of the northern Syrian city of Manbij, after surrounding its perimeter.
“Despite continued ISIL resistance, those forces have begun their push into the city which is surrounded on all sides now and they have begun clearing ISIL defences in the city's outskirts,” said Pentagon spokesperson Peter Cook on Monday, using an alternative acronym for IS.
The SDF offensive against Manbij was launched on 31 May, driving across the Euphrates River from the east backed by 200 US special forces troops providing military advice.
IS have reportedly taken as many as 1,000 Kurdish civilians hostage in areas under their control west of Manbij, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
According to ARA News, SDF forces have captured the Sharia roundabout in Manbij and also expelled IS militants from the Manbij grain silos and the Akhdar farms south of the city.
Kurdish source claims that #SDF control 20-30% of #Manbij city mainly in the west & north neighbourhoods, clashes continue at south entrance — Hassan Ridha (@sayed_ridha) June 28, 2016
Manbij lies in the eastern plains of Aleppo province, which has become a hotbed for clashes between a variety of rebel and government groups.
The push of the SDF and YPG forces in northern Syria has led many observers to predict the full establishment of an autonomous region by the mainly Kurdish forces.
A report by the Rand corporation, an influential foreign policy think-tank in the US, has warned that “de facto autonomy” currently existed for Kurds in the north of the country.
“Absent the regime's ability to field a greatly enhanced military capability or Turkish intervention to stop it, it is not clear how the Kurdish progress toward autonomy can be reversed,” said the report.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has repeatedly declared their opposition to federalism in Syria.
Addressing the Syrian parliament in early June, the president declared their intention retake “every inch” of Syria from their opponents.
However, the YPG and its allies have increasingly asserted their power over a region of northern Syria they refer to as “Rojava”, a Kurdish word referring to West Kurdistan.
On 17 March, the groups declared the establishment of a “federal democratic system” which they advocated as a method of decentralised, council-based democracy that could be expanded to other regions in the Middle East.
However, others have claimed that proclamations of democracy mask a move to consolidate the power of the Democratic Union Party (PYD), the YPG's political wing, which is linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK).
The YPG have also been frequently accused of carrying out abuses against the Arab population, often accusing them of harbouring IS operatives.
Aid reaches Kurdish Aleppo enclave
Elsewhere in Syria, Kurdish activists were reporting that aid had entered into the besieged Sheikh Maqsoud district of Aleppo.
The Kurdish enclave in Aleppo has been under siege by Syrian rebel groups, including the Al-Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front and hardline Salafist group Ahrar al-Sham, for years.
“The convoy, which consisted of 13 trucks, delivered basic supplies to the residents of Sheikh Maqsoud. The aid included food, medicine and other basic supplies,” said rights activist Dawood Osman, speaking to ARA News.
The news site quoted local sources as saying that as many as 40,000 civilians are still living in the district with scarce resources.
Osman said that the rebels groups had been preventing basic supplies from entering Sheikh Maqsoud and called on the UN to do more to alleviate the situation.
“We will definitely need more help in the coming days, as there are thousands of people here in urgent need for many supplies in order to survive this crisis,” they said.
“We hope the United Nations could play a greater role in stopping the shelling on this civilian neighbourhood and opening humanitarian corridors to deliver more aid.”
Tensions have been high between Syrian rebel groups and the YPG, with the former accusing the latter of being in tacit alliance with Assad and their Russian allies.
The YPG has countered by claiming that many rebel groups are militant Islamists who are hostile to Kurdish demands for autonomy.
More than 280,000 people have been killed since Syria's conflict erupted in March 2011, after a widespread protest movement evolved into a complex, multi-front war that has drawn in global powers.
Batman: Arkham Knight is a action-adventure video game developed by Rocksteady Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment (Photo : Facebook/Batman Arkham)
"Batman: Arkham Knight" will have new details on the "Season of Infamy" DLC missions and a first look at the 1960's Batmobile and racetrack.
Rocksteady Studios streamed a new episode for "Arkham Insider" and it features a new gameplay demo for the 1960's Batmobile. The new batmobile skin is an exact duplicate of the 1960's Batman TV series and some parts of the racetrack is based from several episodes within the show, Tech Times reported.
Advertisement
Unlike past racetracks and skins, the 1960's look has a lighter approach than the game's dark and gothic feel as gamers will notice more bright and clear skies, TV cameras appearing beside the tracks and other bizarre objects that are found the TV series.
"Batman: Arkham Knight" senior game designer Mark Kevern explained that the 1960's batmobile is much lighter and has a higher suspension than previous skins as gamers will notice that they can do bigger drifts, move to heavier corners and do side thrusters to move futher across tracks that they do not normally do in previous DLC racetracks.
Aside from the new batmobile skin and racetrack, new details for the "Season of Infamy" have been revealed. The new season pass DLC will feature additional missions in "Gotham's Most Wanted" list as Mad Hatter, Killer Croc, Mister Freeze and Ra's Al Ghul the villains Batman must beat within the game, ComicBookMovie reported.
In "Beneath the Surface" mission will have Batman team-up with Red Hood to take down Killer Croc from one of the airships that they crashed. It is a Dual gameplay boss battle and take note that the mission will be unlocked when Scarecrow and Riddler have been apprehended.
"In The Cold" will have Batman face-off against Mister Freeze yet again, as the cold-blooded villain has finally found a cure for their wife, Nora, but will likely pay a terrible price. It is unknown yet whether this could be another predator style battle or a new feature.
"Wonderland" will feature Mad Hatter abducting and mind controlling several police officers from the GCPD lockup and Batman must stop them in order to save them. It is speculated that Mad Hatter will be at the abandoned mall store as there is a clue in the game where they place their hats.
"Shadow War" will feature Ra's Al Gul's return to Gotham as they and the League of Assassin's will kill off every rioter on the streets of Gotham. Batman will team-up with Azrael to stop the league and it will be another Dual play boss battle against Ra's Al Ghul.
"Batman: Arkham Knight is currently available in stores for the PS4 and Xbox One consoles, while the PC version will launch again on Oct. 28.
One of the most distinguishable aspects of a NASCAR stock car are the large, bolded numbers on each door and roof. Well now trend started by Volvo in V8 Supercars this year, mimicking the NASCAR look, has gained a lot of popularity over the past few weeks.
We first saw it on Scott McLaughlin's machine and fans loved the massive white No. 33. Their teammate Robert Dahlgren quickly followed suit with an emblazoned No. 34. For this weekend's Sandown 500, Erebus Motorsport has placed a large yellow No. 4 on Lee Holdsworth's machine.
The nice improvement to the aesthetics of these already slick-looking touring cars is much better than the small stickers displayed on the windows. All multi-car teams run the same livery for each car, so it's difficult for fans to differentiate at times and so, these very identifiable numbers are making it much easier for them.
With teams, drivers, sponsors, and fans alike saying good things about the new look, hopefully, we'll see more teams jump on board with this growing trend and decide to adopt emblazoned door numbers.
A chapel sermon on love left a student at Oklahoma Wesleyan University (OKWU), feeling “offended” and “victimized.”
But instead of capitulating to the offended young scholar at the evangelical Christian university of the Wesleyan Church, OKWU President Everett Piper pushed back with a blistering rebuke of what they called “self-absorbed and narcissistic” students in a blog post on the university's website.
Click here to join Todd's American Dispatch – a must-read for conservatives!
“This is not a day care. This is a university,” they wrote in a blog that has since gone viral.
Back home in Tennessee, we call that a “Come to Jesus” moment.
“Our culture has actually taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic,” they wrote. “Any time their feelings are hurt, they are victims! Anyone who dares challenge them and, thus, makes them ‘feel bad' about themselves, is a ‘hater,' a ‘bigot,' an ‘oppressor,' and a ‘victimizer.'”
Oh behalf of a grateful nation, I say, thank you, Dr. Piper.
It's refreshing to see a grown man with advanced degrees willing to stand up to a generation of perpetually-offended nincompoops and bullies.
Dr. Piper's brilliant take on the current state of affairs on college campuses came about after a student complained about a chapel sermon on 1 Corinthians 13 – the Bible's love chapter.
The student felt offended because the “homily on love made them feel bad for not showing love,” they explained. “In their mind, the speaker was wrong for making him, and their peers, feel uncomfortable.”
Dr. Piper offered some wise advice for the young man.
“If you want the chaplain to tell you you're a victim rather than tell you that you need virtue, this may not be the university you're looking for,” they wrote. “If you want to complain about a sermon that makes you feel less than loving for not showing love, this might be the wrong place.”
Hallelujah!
For weeks we've watched academically-castrated university presidents capitulate to the outrageous demands of students.
But finally – there's a Christian university willing to stand up and say, “Enough!”
“The bottom line is that at the end of the day I would argue that college is not about safe spaces or being a safe place,” Dr. Piper told me in a telephone interview. “OWU is not a safe place.”
They said the nation's universities should be ashamed for educating a culture of “selfish individuals.”
“The university needs to recognize that our obligation is to challenge bad thinking and bad ideas and not coddle individuals in their self-absorption and narcissism,” they said.
The modern-day collegian is a fragile snowflake – who needs psychological help for such atrocities as reading the works of a white author or attending Taco Night at the campus dining hall.
Humorous? You bet!
Dangerous? Absolutely.
A recent Pew Research poll revealed that 40 percent of millennials support a crackdown on offensive speech.
Dr. Piper warned that could set the stage for a problem that transcends college campuses.
“Do we want ideological fascism or do we want intellectual freedom and academic freedom,” they asked. “Because really what we have right now is an argument for ideological fascism. You must submit. You must agree. You must be one of us. And if you don't, we will silence you. We will crush you.”
The nation needs more academic leaders like Dr. Piper – a grownup willing to say what needs to be said to coddled collegians.
It's time to put on your big-boy pants, kids.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- Thoughts on the New England Patriots' inactive players for Sunday's Super Bowl XLIX: DE Zach Moore, WR Josh Boyce, WR Brian Tyms, DT Joe Vellano, OL Jordan Devey, RB Jonas Gray and RB James White:
SUPER BOWL XLIX Get all the news and commentary on the Patriots-Seahawks matchup on ESPN.com's Super Bowl Central. ESPN.com's NFL Nation: • Terry Blount, Mike Reiss: Rapid Reax • Reaction to Seattle's play calling • Pats coverage | Seahawks coverage • Grading the Patriots and Seahawks
• Inside Slant: Was Edelman concussed? • Best, worst from Super Bowl XLIX • Photo highlights | Gallery | Chat recap • History: NE | SEA | Super Bowl
Accountability check: A 7-for-7 effort in projecting inactives for Super Bowl XLIX. Thus, no surprises here.
Eight offensive linemen: With starting center Bryan Stork (right knee) returning to action -- but with the Patriots likely wanting an added layer of insurance should things trend in the wrong direction -- the team has eight offensive linemen active for the game. That is one more than the usual seven linemen for the Patriots. Another factor to consider: The value of rookie offensive tackle Cameron Fleming as a sixth blocker/eligible receiver contributes to the decision to go with eight. Fleming is No. 4 on the pure offensive tackle depth chart (with Marcus Cannon No. 3), but their niche role adds significant value to the 46-man roster.
Butler vs. Gray: In our pre-game projection, the debate came down to rookie cornerback Malcolm Butler vs. Gray for the final spot. With the Patriots still having LeGarrette Blount, Shane Vereen and Brandon Bolden at running back, and with Butler's potential contributions in sub packages and on special teams in mind, their value was deemed to trump Gray's on the 46-man game-day roster. Furthermore, specific to running backs, the coaching staff seems to have more confidence in Blount, which is another layer to consider in this highest-of-stakes game.
Three receivers: As they did in the AFC Championship Game, the Patriots are going with just three receivers, with both Tyms and Boyce inactive. Part of that is because Tyms and Boyce have limited special-teams value. Also, with No. 3 tight end Tim Wright essentially like a fourth receiver and Vereen also a factor in the passing game, one could say there is still some receiver-type depth there. Special-teams captain Matthew Slater is an emergency option.
The Story So Far
Beginning in the early 1970s, engineer Alan Adler became interested in improving the flying disc.
At first, they managed to streamline the shape of the disc, reducing the drag, and allowing it to fly further. But this made flight unstable.
Inspiration came from an unlikely source. Adler had read about the chakram—an ancient and formidable Punjabi weapon that was shaped in a ring.
This led Adler to make the Skyro, their first flying ring, which set the Guinness World Record in 1980. It was good for throwing far, but only worked well at one speed. Adler wasn't quite satisfied.
In 1984, Alan Adler finally found the last piece of the puzzle. Adding a spoiler to their flying ring, the Aerobie was born. It could be thrown fast, slow, near or far. In short, Alan Adler had engineered fun itself.
Since 1984, we've never lost Mr. Alder's innovative spirit. We've re-engineered the wheel countless times, so it flies further, so it flies in the dark, so it flies for dogs, so it flies back to you, etc. We use the same engineering and science that goes into building airplanes, except we actually engineer our stuff to be fun. So stretch your legs, grab a disc, and let your spirits soar.
We're changing the name of the “Film Sound Discussion Group” to Designing Sound Discussion Group, because it's silly to think that we'll never have a live discussion about anything other than film. While I'm on the subject, it's also high time we scheduled the next webchat!
As the title of the post suggests, in the next presentation I'll be explaining how, exactly, ITU-R BS.1770 compliant metering methods work, and the standards and applications that have been developed to make use of “loudness” metering. We've already mentioned that February is going to be “loudness” month (bottom of the post), and we're setting up the first full week to make sure everyone can get a strong grasp of what it all means, even if you've never explored the subject before. We'll be capping the week off with this webinar on Saturday, February 9th, at 11AM (U.S. Eastern Standard Time).
I'm trying to make this presentation as accessible as possible. Don't worry though, there will definitely be time at the end of the webinar for questions. If you can't make the webinar, a recording will be available within the following few days.
This fits your .
Make sure this fits by entering your model number.
You can view all of our product review videos on YouTube. Type "Air Pong Reviews" to see all of the great videos our customers have sent us.
This 7ft inflatable beer pong table features a built-in cooler and a plastic racking system. This table can be used as a beer pong table, a raft, a floating cooler or anything else you can think of.
This table has a cooler directly in the center. Cooler holds at least 18 cans of your favorite beverage and ice. This table will still float anywhere, even when the cooler is full.
Most cheaper models have cup holes built right into the table. This creates a flimsy, unstable rack. With our table, all racks will be as tight as they are on a standard pong table.
Did I improve?I think I did.. A widdle bit..Let's do a little summary or something for each month!January- I had very low motivation to draw this month, so I only was able to draw this. I had no other drawings posted this month.February- Getting back to work on my tablet! I lost it and it was missing for over a month, this drawing sucksMarch- This was a little "Did I improve?" thing I made for an old Nyan cat drawing I made back in 2011April- Didn't post anything this month!May- Just a simple sketch request I did.June- WHOO! SUMMER! Another "Did I improve?" thing for a pic of Neo Metal Sonic I made back in 2011July- Posted on my birthday! Wanted to try that silhouette thing. C:August- Made a Nova reference sheet! And I hate it now xD I need to make another oneSeptember- Back in 2011, I made a drawing of a Nova robot, yet another "Did I improve?"October- A new Hoofpaint reference I made! I need to make anotherNovember- A fan art I did, and while making this I tried out a new shading style, and this drawing is still one of my favorites.December- Just a simple Christmas gift I made for my friend, I am very proud of it!Art (c) Meme (c) BLANK MEME: [link]
Examining a few key criteria, we provide a blueprint for how the Lions can follow in the Falcons' Super Bowl footsteps
Matt Ryan of the Atlanta Falcons reacts after a play against the New England Patriots in the second quarter during Super Bowl 51 at NRG Stadium on Feb. 5, 2017 in Houston, Texas. (Photo: Tom Pennington, Getty Images)
Congratulations to the Atlanta Falcons, who, despite losing to the New England Patriots in Super Bowl LI, took a big step forward in reaching the title game for the first time since 1999.
Is it possible for the Falcons to provide a blueprint of success for the Lions to follow because, let's face it, nothing else has really worked for 60 years.
I'll break how the Falcons were built using a few key criteria and measure how close the Lions are to that example or how realistic it is for them to match the Falcons in those areas.
Ownership
Falcons: The team is owned by Arthur Blank, a 74-year-old self-made man from ordinary beginnings who made their fortune co-founding Home Depot in 1978. They bought the Falcons in 2002. The team had never had consecutive winnings seasons and two years later the Falcons were playing in the NFC title game. Hey, if the guy who owns a home center doesn't know how to fix things, no one does. He's considered an informed, supportive owner who doesn't meddle.
Related:
Lions: Martha Ford, 91, is the granddaughter of tire magnate Harvey Firestone. Ostensibly, they are the owner of the Lions. But there's a lot of uncertainty about who actually calls the shots. It could very well be their second-oldest daughter, Sheila, and their husband, Steve Hamp. Either way, Ford has never sweated out a paycheck.  They are the antithesis of Blank and the definition of a patrician heiress who has no track record of successfully managing a large business. When the time comes for succession of ownership, if the title of sole owner falls to any of the Ford kids, the only one who has a history of at least being smart enough to know what they don't know and hire Alan Mulally as Ford's CEO is Bill Ford.
Verdict: Although Ford's team has gone to the playoffs twice in three years under their flight attendantship, they are no Blank. They have shaken things up with personnel and cosmetic changes. But the Lions are a long way from being considered an elite, consistent contender.
General manager
Falcons: Thomas Dimitroff was hired as the Falcons' rookie GM in 2008 after spending most of their six years with the Patriots as their director of college scouting. They made a big splash in their first season. They hired coach Mike Smith, drafted quarterback Matt Ryan with the third overall pick in 2008 and signed free-agent running back Michael Turner, who rushed for 1,699 and went to the Pro Bowl that season.
The Falcons went 11-5 in 2008, they made the playoffs for the first time in four years and the Sporting News named Dimitroff its NFL executive of the year. Dimitroff has hit on more players in the draft than they have missed on and they have won big on draft moves like sending five picks to Cleveland to move up and select Julio Jones. They say they learned the idea of the team-first mentality from the Patriots and believes the GM and coach must have a great partnership to succeed. Their team is built around the offense, which often ranks among the top 10. Their defense has never ranked better than 12th and is often outside of the top 20.
Lions: Bob Quinn also was hired as a rookie GM. But their experience in the NFL was limited to only working with the Patriots, although it was extensive after they served 16 years in the organization. They lack Dimitroff's variety of experience. But they also seem to value a good partnership with their coach, mentioning how the rug between their office and Jim Caldwell's is worn out from all their conversations. Quinn believes in building the middle class of their roster to improve depth. Their only draft so far was a success after they got contributions from just about every pick. Quinn has had two opportunities to fire Caldwell and hire their own coach and has passed both times.
Verdict: Quinn didn't hit the home run Dimitroff did in their first year. It was more like a solid double with the draft and adding Anquan Boldin and then a mediocre season from Marvin Jones. Trading away Kyle Van Noy doesn't look good right now and the way they handled their decision to keep Caldwell this year was awkward at best. It's early to judge Quinn, but for now they have shown promise but certainly hasn't displayed the chops Dimitroff had right away.
Related:
Coaching
Falcons: Dan Quinn, 46, was the Seattle Seahawks' defensive coordinator when the Falcons hired them as a rookie head coach in 2015 to shore up their last-place defense. The Falcons' defense ranked 16th in 2015 and 25th this year, so the improvement was mediocre. Ironically, Quinn's biggest contribution was improving an already good offense. They added offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan, who turned the Falcons into the NFL's most potent offense and turned Ryan and Julio Jones into the NFL's best QB-receiver combo. Shanahan is expected to become the San Francisco 49ers' head coach this week.
Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Jonathan Babineaux (95) celebrates with Grady Jarrett (97) after Jarrett scared New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady (not pictured) in the fourth quarter during Super Bowl LI at NRG Stadium. (Photo: Eric Seals USA TODAY Sports)
Lions: Caldwell, 62, is the opposite of Quinn in some respects. He's an offensive coach with a reputation as a quarterback whisperer and a veteran who has been a head coach in college and in the NFL. They have taken the Lions to the playoffs twice in three years, yet they have been a regular occupant of the hot seat since their second season. Caldwell's offenses and defenses have not been anything close to dominant, with the lone exception coming their first season when the Ndamukong Suh-led defense ranked No. 2. You can sometimes best judge a head coach by how desired their assistants are. They replaced Joe Lombardi with Jim Bob Cooter, who has had mixed results. Defensive coordinator Teryl Austin has been good but not great.
Verdict: The Dan Quinn era is just starting and has the potential to be something special. Caldwell was hired to fix Matthew Stafford, make the Lions a consistent winner and take them to the Super Bowl. They appear to have accomplished the former but not the latter. Their tenure in Detroit is starting to be defined by their combativeness with reporters, their unpopular sideline stoicism and how adept they are at avoiding the swinging ax.
Offense
Falcons: Ryan is a shining example of consistency. They and receiver Jones should have another two or three years of playing together in their primes and separating themselves as the NFL's best combo. Dimitroff didn't have to invest big, just a fourth- and third-rounder, to put together a great backfield of Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman. The Falcons love to pass out of the backfield, they use an elaborate and unpredictable scheme to confuse defenses and take advantage of mismatches outside with Jones. They spent $45 million to sign perennial Pro Bowl center Alex Mack to anchor the offensive line and protect Ryan. It's a well-oiled machine.
Lions: The Lions have Stafford's big arm, some gadget plays and that's about it. OK, maybe that's too harsh. The offensive line is riddled with uncertainty. Marvin Jones was a disappointment after a fast start. Golden Tate is a good No. 2 receiver. Eric Ebron has been slow to develop. And the Lions have been looking for their run game ever since Barry Sanders absconded with it into retirement. The Lions don't have enough elite playmakers and Stafford doesn't have the ability, like Aaron Rodgers, to elevate players around him.
Verdict: The Lions are a far, far, far — did I mention far? — way off from being the NFL's top offense.
Defense
Falcons: Dimitroff admitted they were influenced by the way Caldwell's old boss, Bill Polian, constructed Super Bowl contenders in Buffalo with dynamic offenses. What Dimitroff didn't say was that Polian did so while largely ignoring the defense. That's certainly true this year with the Falcons' 25th-ranked, no-name defense. They have four rookies logging big minutes in their back seven. They have about-to-turn 37 defensive end Dwight Freeney but finally invested a top-10 pick on outside linebacker Vic Beasley, who rewarded them in 2016 with 15 ½ sacks and an All-Pro season. The Falcons are solid on special teams with one of the best combos in kicker Matt Bryant and punter Matt Bosher.
Lions: The Lions ranked 18th on defense for a second straight year. They have a tradition of good defensive lines and they've tried to honor that by mixing young players like Ziggy Ansah with key vets like Haloti Ngata. Injuries took a huge toll on the defense this year, otherwise a healthy Ansah and DeAndre Levy might have made the difference in winning another game or two and possibly a division title. The Lions just can't seem to get over the hump of going from mediocre to good. Kicker Matt Prater and punter Sam Martin are severely underrated and their special-teams coverage units are excellent.
Verdict: The Lions are ahead of the Falcons on defense. So much for the old “defense wins championships” saying, eh? It seems wrong to say the Lions need to get worse on defense, but, well, that's the Falcons' blueprint. Would you be OK trading Ansah for Jordy Nelson?
Overall verdict
The Lions and Falcons don't bear much of a resemblance to each other, so following Atlanta's blueprint for success would likely be a fool's errand for the Lions. Bob Quinn would have to replicate Thomas Dimitroff's wisdom and wizardry. The Lions' offense has to get good running backs with mid-round picks and find an elite outside playing-making receiver. And the offense has to become so good that the defense almost doesn't matter. Lastly, you have to have an owner who has acquired the hard-earned wisdom through the experience of building a billion-dollar business on their or their own to know how to run a football team in a similarly successful fashion.
Contact Carlos Monarrez: cmonarrez@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @cmonarrez. Download our Lions Xtra app for free on Apple and Android!
As a traveler, I am always on the lookout for new challenges. A habit that has made me walk through the mine fields in Bosnia, witness the Arab Spring in Egypt, join the national choir in Georgia, and hitchhike to Iran.
My trip to Iran changed my life in many great ways. My perceptions regarding a lot of things changed drastically, some of them being media, Islam, trust, hospitality and tea. The good part about traveling is that it breaks various myths and prejudices that are passed on to you. The journey to Iran was one such experience. I came back with a completely different understanding of the place. The most common perception about Iran is that it is filled with terrorists and rebels and chances are that you will come back with a bullet wound on you. That is Bullshit! Iran is probably the most inviting country in the world and its people the nicest I have ever met in my entire life. A Persian person is the perfect human being and makes us Europeans, Americans especially and perhaps Australians look like terrorists. I can vouch for that.
The people in Iran are the most hospitable ones I have met. They are always helpful and don't do it for monetary returns. During my trip I was rescued by the locals in so many situations (once when I was lost in the middle of the Night in Tabriz). There have been so many times that I was invited to a strangers house to eat. I have always felt very welcome in this country, contrary to the perception of feeling threatened.
Having said that, one shouldn't forget that they are in midst of a different culture altogether. So, you need to be little sensitive towards the feeling and the customs of the locals. It is important to respect their religion. Don't flirt with women and don't question anything about their customs. Be respectful and stay out of trouble. There is nothing to worry about if you do just that. Just be as careful as you would be in any other country.
About traveling in Iran, you will feel like you don't have enough time. Whether you go for two weeks or 12, there is just so much here to see and experience that you will never be bored. It is full of history and culture. The best route is to travel from North to South. For some people Iran may seem like a big desert but even the countryside has a lot to offer. The hospitality and generosity I received in Iran made me think how we are unfair to places like these by tagging them as "dangerous" and making the people look like terrorists. After my visit to Iran I can safely call it the most beautiful country on this planet!
How much do you love your favorite team? Sure, Buckeye Nation has fervent supporters (unless they lose a game), but that's more of a culturally ingrained Ohio thing - unless you're one of those contrarian-just-for-the-sake-of-it jackasses who live in Ohio and roots for Michigan.
How much do you love your favorite team? Sure, Buckeye Nation has fervent supporters (unless they lose a game), but that's more of a culturally ingrained Ohio thing - unless you're one of those contrarian-just-for-the-sake-of-it jackasses who live in Ohio and roots for Michigan.
So I guess I'm speaking to diehard fans of the non-OSU persuasion; Blue Jackets, Browns, Reds (possibly even "Stiller" fans in town), etc. who aren't among the masses in rooting on their team. How far would you go to show support for your squad?
Would you test the limits of your creative abilities? Dedicate most - if not all - of your spare time to it? Think about trying to get new supporters through unconventional means?
Doubt it.
Well, local freelance designer Justin Bell is such a strong fan of the Columbus Crew, and soccer in general, that he's committed the entire month of February to designing logos for the team. Bell will create a new design of the Crew crest each day of the month. No, he's not contracted by owner Anthony Precourt, who's stated their interest in a new crest, possibly as early as next year. He's doing it because they want to.
"I have no delusions that [the organization] would ever pick one of them. That's not the goal here," Bell said of their project.
The goals relate to creating support for the Crew. Bell is a founder of Massive City, a Crew supporters group, and the driving force behind the #TIFOSWEAT movement that is looking to showcase their fandom in original and unique ways.
"The creative aspect is a real part of soccer worldwide; how fans express themselves in creative ways. Some of what you see around the world is just mind-blowing," Bell said. "One thing about Columbus that's been bubbling under the surface in terms of soccer support is people who feel like they should be able to make things that express that, whether it's being a fan or just civic pride for Columbus."
Bell's #TIFOSWEAT effort resulted in a massive banner for September's match between the U.S. Men's National Team and Mexico at Crew Stadium. They also designed a cover for an Alive issue previewing the game that was featured on Fox Soccer.
Massive City is moving out of the Nordecke and into the south end (to be named Capital Side possibly) next season for four games. The move's seen as a way to better showcase their creative efforts, including banners similar to the one for the U.S. vs. Mexico game - possibly stemming from Bell's February work.
So what will Bell create with their 28 designs? It runs the gamut from traditional soccer crests to more abstract and even some kind of out-there ideas. The out-there ideas - this reporter's personal favorites - include logos inspired by James Thurber or Roy Lichtenstein art.
Bell will also design logos with throwback sensibilities, a '70s-era design or even dating back to the early 20th Century since international soccer clubs have been around that long. For the more traditional designs, Bell will make sure to represent the city and include the word "Columbus," since it's not in the current crest.
The project is also asking for other Crew fans, designers, whoever to submit designs through the Massive City website (massivecityffc.com) or Facebook page (facebook.com/massivecityffc). Alive will post a weekly roundup of all the designs on our website. So get working Columbus, although coming up with something cooler than a Thurber or Lichtenstein-inspired crest is going to be tough.
Rep. Tom Marino had previously withdrawn from consideration for the role in May, citing a “critical illness” in the family. | Ben Jackson/Getty Images for SiriusXM Trump to tap Rep. Tom Marino as 'drug czar'
The White House announced Friday that President Donald Trump will nominate Rep. Tom Marino of Pennsylvania, a campaign supporter, to head the Office of National Drug Control Policy, a role commonly known as the “drug czar.”
Marino had previously withdrawn from consideration for the role in May, citing a “critical illness” in the family.
Story Continued Below
Marino, 65, was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as an attorney for Middle District in Pennsylvania, a role they held from 2002 to 2005, before returning to private law practice.
In 2010 they defeated incumbent Democratic Rep. Chris Carney in Pennsylvania's 10th Congressional District and is now serving their third term.
Marino declared their support for Trump's presidential candidacy in February 2016, which at the time made them the fifth Republican member of congress to do so.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Marino told POLITICO at the time that Trump was receiving “overwhelming support” in their district because “he's the man for the unprotected ... not the protected, not for the Wall Street people, not for the DC insiders, but for the hard-working taxpayers.”
On May 3, Marino issued a statement after turning down the drug czar role: “Due to a critical illness in my family, I have, with regret and the utmost respect, informed the White House that I must withdraw my name from consideration for director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. I thank the president for the enormous honor of considering me for this lead role in the effort to address one of the most pressing issues facing our nation and my state today: the opioid epidemic. I will remain in Congress and continue to support President Trump in whatever way I can.”
From Really Curious:
There is much that economists actually agree on. Why don't we have PACs or other groups emerge that push political solutions which represent common sense agreement on a variety of issues.
There is a selection issue. There are plenty of issues where economists agree and those views are enacted into policy, in part because special interests do not mind, do not have enough power, or perhaps even on net agree. Non-agricultural free trade, or rather near-free trade, is one example, the general adoption of capitalism is another. In those cases the PAC is not really needed.
When economists are not listened to, that often means strong special interests and/or strong voter sentiment stand on the other side of the equation. The numerous special deductions in the tax code, most of which have no efficiency justification, are examples.
Given such formidable enemies, who would fund an economists' PAC? Who would donate? Why not just donate to a single issue PAC which covers an economist-friendly issue? Here is a list of the biggest PACS, starting with realtors and beer wholesalers, not ideologues or for that matter sensible policy analysts. Honeywell is third. Or if the single issue approach doesn't excite a potential donor, I would think that more people are drawn to broadly ideological PACs, or perhaps “super PACs,” which would not quite fit with “pro-economist.”
You may know that the original American Economics Association had rather explicit political origins, as well as some religious and arguably even some racist overtones. It did not evolve into a PAC, and over time it has become something much more professional and geared toward some rather practical, non-political ends.
Labour MP becomes first serving politician to be registered as lobbyist
A veteran Labour MP has become the first serving politician to be officially registered as a lobbyist.
Barry Sheerman, who represents Huddersfield, is listed on the register of consultant lobbyists because of their chairpersonship of Policy Connect, a not-for-profit company that has held meetings attended by paying businesses and ministers.
It follows an inquiry by Alison White, the registrar of consultant lobbyists, into whether informal parliamentary groups have been used to gain access to government.
They found that Policy Connect should be defined as a lobbying company because it is paid money by clients who are then given the opportunity to meet ministers.
Sheerman told the Guardian they had reluctantly registered as a lobbyist, but disagrees with the rules governing the register.
They maintain that Policy Connect is a social enterprise providing a service for industry experts and ministers.
Sheerman's registration raises questions about the role of MPs and whether they should be lawmakers and lobbyists.
According to the MPs' code of conduct, they are allowed to work as a consultant or be paid for advice, but are forbidden from acting as a “paid advocate”.
Duncan Hames, the director of policy at Transparency International UK and a former Liberal Democrat MP, said a bright light needed to be shone on how parliamentary groups give private interests access to holders of public office.
“Some MPs still seem to think it's acceptable to take on extra jobs helping private firms navigate the corridors of Westminster. Not only does this raise questions about who they're really working for, it suggests our public representatives are up for private hire,” they said.
“This can only be corrosive for trust in our democracy. The rules need to be changed urgently to make it clear that it is not acceptable for MPs to take second jobs advising clients on parliamentary or government affairs.”
Tommy Sheppard, a Scottish National party MP who was on the standards committee until May, said lawmakers should not be allowed to become lobbyists and asked the commissioner of standards to clarify the rules.
“It looks as if there is a case to answer. I think we should have as a matter of policy a rule that MPs should give up any lobbying responsibilities,” they said.
“There has to be a complete separation between those who make the laws and those who lobby for or against them.”
White launched the inquiry earlier this year after a growth in the number of all-party parliamentary groups, which are allowed use of the Palace of Westminster's catering facilities and can invite senior ministers and civil servants for meetings with donors.
There are more than 550 APPGs, which exist to help MPs and peers discuss major issues of the day, according to the parliamentary register. The groups have received millions of pounds of external funding since the beginning of 2015.
Policy Connect, based near London Bridge, asks private companies to pay between £175 and £20,000 to become members of APPGs. In return, they are able to attend events and meetings in parliament, some of which are held with ministers.
Policy Connect is the secretariat or public inquiry point for nine APPGs, covering issues such as climate change, design and innovation, carbon monoxide, health, manufacturing, skills and employment, data analytics, and sustainable resources.
Ministers who have attended Policy Connect events include the Conservatives Rory Stewart and Robert Halfon, according to its website.
Sheerman was paid £2,200 a month to be Policy Connect's chairperson on top of their MP's salary, which they gave to charity. They have given up the payment since registering as a lobbyist, a Policy Connect official said.
The lobbying register was set up in 2015 by David Cameron following a spate of Westminster “cash for access” scandals, but it has been widely criticised for including only third-party lobbyists and not in-house public affairs professionals.
Lobbyists only have to sign up if they communicate directly with ministers or permanent secretaries – the most senior civil servants in each department. Attempts to lobby more junior civil servants or special advisers are not within its scope.
Sheerman told the Guardian they are proud of successfully setting up a not-for-profit company that employs 24 graduates and provides a much-needed service for MPs and businesses.
“We instigated Policy Connect years ago as a not-for-profit social enterprise in order to facilitate a good, open conversation between industry and MPs,” they said.
“We are the antidote to lobbyists. We have argued it with everyone. In the end, we said ‘alright, if you say we have to [register], much against our better judgment, we will do so'. And we do so under protest.
“I don't see it as lobbying. I see it as part of my job as a good legislator to get good policy.”
Sheerman, 76, said they did not believe they were in breach of the MPs' code of conduct because they had spoken to Kathryn Hudson, the commissioner for standards, about registering as a lobbyist. “My understanding is that it is within the rules,” they said.
It is understood that there are no formal obstacles to MPs being on the lobbying register while serving their constituents.
A spokesperson for the standards commissioner said they have not investigated Sheerman and would not confirm or deny any meetings or advice offered to MPs.
Marine Le Pen described as a tragedy uncontrolled immigration to the country and vowed to put an end to it if elected.
© AP Photo / Claude Paris Le Pen Calls for Banning Kids of Illegal Immigrants From Public Schools in France
PARIS (Sputnik) — French presidential hopeful Marine Le Pen described on Tuesday as a tragedy uncontrolled immigration to the country and vowed to put an end to it if elected.
"In the first few weeks [of my presidency] I will introduce a moratorium that will draw a line under immigration. I consider immigration a tragedy for our country as we have 9 million people out of jobs and 7 million living in poverty," they told the TF1 broadcaster.
The leader of the far-right National Front said immigrants created "unfair competition" for French workers. They promised to prioritize French nationals when allocating social housing and give them jobs.
Speaking at a campaign rally in Paris on Monday night, days before this Sunday's voting, Le Pen criticized mass immigration to France from the Middle East and North Africa and promised to introduce tough immigration rules.
It wouldn't be the first primary race in Wisconsin to spring a surprise. Forty years ago, Hubert Humphrey headed into an Easter-week Democratic primary with a healthy lead in the opinion polls, only for George McGovern to score an upset victory that established them as the front-runner.
“The results were such a jolt to the Conventional Wisdom,” Hunter S. Thompson wrote, “that now—with a cold gray dawn bloating out of Lake Michigan and Hubert Humphrey still howling in their sleep despite the sedatives in their room directly above us—there is nobody in Milwaukee this morning, including me, who can even pretend to explain what really went down last night.”
If Rick Santorum somehow defies the polls tomorrow night and comes out ahead of Mitt Romney, the Good Doctor might well rise from their grave to record the moment. My, how they would have enjoyed this campaign—at least, before the booze, the drugs and the writer's block sent them nuts with self-loathing. An asset-stripping Mormon gazillionaire versus a Roman Catholic home-schooler who makes Pope Benedict look like a subversive liberal. Still lurking in the background: a puffed-up Georgian squarehead who conducts themselves like a latter-day Herodotus and a fiery Texan goblin who wants to abolish the Federal Reserve. Gone but not forgotten: Rick “Oops” Perry, and Herman”9-9-9” Cain.
What fun we've had over the past eight months. Now, though, the killjoys at Republican HQ are intent on unplugging the sound system and telling the revellers that its time to go home. Having deliberately devised this extended primary season as a means of focussing attention on the party, the G.O.P. geniuses have decided it has been rather too successful, and it's time to round upon President Obama. Hence the raft of endorsements Romney has received in recent days, including two timely shout-outs from Wisconsin's best-known Republican politicians: Congressman Paul Ryan and Senator Ron Johnson.
Thankfully, Santorum hasn't got the message. On the eve of the voting, he's still out there in the cities and small towns of Wisconsin, making stops at bowling lanes, building-supply stores, and cheese factories. This afternoon, they are due to speak in Ripon, population 7,680, the unofficial birthplace of the G.O.P. (In 1854, a small group opposed to the pro-slavery Kansas-Nebraska Act met there and took on the name “Republicans.”) All in all, Santorum has visited twenty-five of Wisconsin's counties. Romney has visited just five. (He's adding another five today.)
Will history and shoe leather carry Santo to victory? Probably not. A month ago, a survey from the polling firm P.P.P. showed them sixteen points ahead of Romney. In a new poll that P.P.P. released today, Romney is up by seven points: forty-three per cent to thirty-six per cent. Other polls present a similar picture. Of six that were taken over the past week, not a single one showed Santorum ahead. Romney is feeling so confident that over the weekend they publicly predicted a victory.
There's no mystery about what has turned things around for the Mittster. The recent endorsements were helpful, but what really moved the polling numbers was negative campaigning and money. In the past few weeks, Romney and their Super PAC have outspent Santorum by four to one, blanketing the local airwaves with negative ads. Santorum has responded with some shots at Romney's record, including a rather clever spot that compares it to Obama's. But that ad is only going statewide in Wisconsin today—a fact that says pretty much everything about Santorum's campaign, and how ill organized it is compared to the Romney machine.
Still, until I see some actual voting returns from the suburbs around Milwaukee and Green Bay, I wouldn't entirely rule out another Santorum shocker. He's outperformed their poll ratings in other states, and it would be no surprise to see them do it again. But for them to win rather than come close, they need a last-minute swing in their favor. Actually, in the new P.P.P. survey, there is a hint of one. Among voters who have decided in the past few days, Santorum is leading Romney by fifty-two per cent to twenty-seven per cent. (Unfortunately for Santorum, these people only made up nine per cent of respondents.)
Betting on Romney in a heartland state like Wisconsin is always a risky proposition. Santorum won the neighboring states of Iowa and Minnesota. Again tomorrow, they will have some things going in their favor. About forty per cent of the electorate will be drawn from rural areas, where Romney always does badly. If Santorum can rack up big victories in the sparsely-populated outlying regions, the race will come down to the suburban counties in the southeast of the state—such as Waukesha, Washington and Ozaukee, which are all near Milwaukee.
The voters in these counties are almost all white: about half of them are of German extraction. But as Craig Gilbert, a columnist at the Milwaukee Journal, pointed out yesterday in an insightful piece, they are “less moderate, less affluent, and more socially conservative than the white-collar suburbs Romney won so easily in Illinois two weeks ago.” Santorum has been a frequent visitor to this area, and, as evidenced by their mean bowling form, they are a much better cultural fit there than their strike-challenged opponent.
A victory for Romney tomorrow would see a concerted effort on the part of the G.O.P. establishment and the media to proclaim them the nominee-elect. A defeat would extend their torture. With a win in Maryland, where he's heavily favored, he'd probably end the day winning more delegates than Santorum anyway. But Tampa would still seem a long way off.
Photograph by Eric Thayer/The New York Times/Redux.
For those in or getting out of a romantic relationship with a self-absorbed individual, the silent treatment can feel like a punishment worse than death.
The silent treatment is a form of emotional abuse typically employed by people with narcissistic tendencies. It is designed to (1) place the abuser in a position of control; (2) silence the target's attempts at assertion; (3) avoid conflict resolution/personal responsibility/compromise; or (4) punish the target for a perceived ego slight. Often, the result of the silent treatment is exactly what the person with narcissism wishes to create: a reaction from the target and a sense of control.
The target, who may possess high emotional intelligence, empathy, conflict-resolution skills, and the ability to compromise, may work diligently to respond to the deafening silence. They or they may frequently reach out to the narcissistic person via email, phone, or text to resolve greatly inflated misunderstandings, and is typically met with continued disdain, contempt, and silence. Essentially, the narcissistic person's message is one of extreme disapproval to the degree that the silence renders the target so insignificant that they or they are ignored and becomes more or less nonexistent in the eyes of the narcissistic person.
The emotional maturity of a typical narcissistic person is akin to a 5-year-old child who pouts and refuses to play with a friend in the sandbox because the friend wants to share the pail and shovel. The 5-year-old refuses to talk with the friend and angrily storms off to play on the jungle gym with someone else. The bewildered child with the pail and shovel may feel confused, rejected, and may not understand why they can't share. They or they just wanted to build a sand castle together.
Because no further communication can ensue unless and until the narcissistic person decides to give the target another chance, a false sense of control is nurtured. Often, the narcissistic person will demand that the target apologize for whatever inflated transgression the target may have committed (the target may have set a limit or asserted a boundary against emotional abuse, for example). Sometimes, a person with narcissistic qualities will decide to abandon and discard the relationship when their or their partner presents an ultimatum or attempts resolution requiring compromise. The person with narcissism may prefer to end the relationship and start over rather than be in a position of potential abandonment. The 5-year-old storms off and plays with a new, innocent target on the swing set. It is too much work to share the pail and shovel.
So how does one deal with the silent treatment from a person with narcissism? For those leaving a toxic relationship with such an individual, many therapists suggest that the survivor understand that the person with narcissism has not developed the ability to express a high level of empathy, reciprocity, and compromise. The silent treatment is a form of emotional abuse that no one deserves nor should tolerate. If an individual experiences this absence of communication, it is a sure sign that they or they need to move on and heal.
The healing process can feel like mourning the loss of a relationship that did not really exist and was one-way in favor of the ego-massaging person with narcissism. The minute the partner disagrees with the narcissistic person or asserts their or their healthy boundaries, the narcissistic person deploys an arsenal of abuse tactics. The silent treatment is a favorite weapon.
Do not accept emotional abuse. Know that you are worthy of a healthy relationship with someone who can communicate in a mature, emotionally healthy manner. Play with someone who has the ability to share the shovel and pail. You deserve no less.
© Copyright 2014 GoodTherapy.org. All rights reserved. Permission to publish granted by Andrea Schneider, LCSW, therapist in San Dimas, California
The preceding article was solely written by the author named above. Any views and opinions expressed are not necessarily shared by GoodTherapy.org. Questions or concerns about the preceding article can be directed to the author or posted as a comment below.
BUSINESS leaders have praised a new qualification that prepares students for a lifetime of servile drudgery.
The new Diploma in Mind-Bending Monotony, which will replace the GCSE, prepares young people for the transition from the banal tedium of school to the banal tedium of work.
Modules include Dream Abandonment, Petty Workplace Politics and Dealing With Mug Theft.
CBI chief Sir Roy Hobbs said: Too many young people enter the workplace without a basic understanding of the soulless hamster-wheel of modern business.
By crushing their spirits at school, theyre going to be much happier spending all day entering data or stirring vats of chicken sludge.
Education secretary Michael Gove said: The qualification is just as applicable to bright children who think theyre going to be a famous author or TV intellectual, which is why weve included the module Youre Not Going To Be Will Self, Youre Going To Be An Office Administrator.
Lots of kids have told me, Thank you Mr Gove for switching me on to these groovy spreadsheets.
Student Nikki Hollis, 14, who is studying for the diploma, said: I like it. If I get all the boxes stacked neatly my teacher gives me money to go to the pub.
“I'm not even sure if I'm still at school.”
Ministers said the diploma was already easing pressure on the job market, partly due to a 36% suicide rate among students.
A rally attempted by the Brantford chapter of the Proud Boys on the Laurier Brantford campus was humiliatingly shut down on Friday, November 24, 2017. Fewer than five of these losers were met by fifty students and anti-fascists from nearby towns. The Proud Boys literally ran and hid when the counter-rally entered the park where they had been timidly hanging around. The counter-rally was short and triumphant, with chants ringing through the streets of downtown Brantford: “You Show Up We Shut You Down! No Proud Boys In Our Town!” and “No Fear and No Retreat! A Woman's Place Is In The Streets!” .
The counter-rally was called by Laurier Brantford students involved in the Campus Anti-Fascist Network (CAN) after several incidents of intimidation by Proud Boys against campus activists, including a menacing disruption of CAN's first meeting. There was lots of talk about staying inside while the Proud Boys rallied, about the need to not make yourself a target. But this group of brave students took a different path, calling out for support from nearby cities to help them reclaim the space to organize against misogyny and racism.
The Proud Boys are a fascist group — for them, violence is an organizing principle to be used against anyone they identify as “leftists” , with a particular emphasis on women who refuse traditional gender roles, gender-non-conforming people, racialized and Muslim women, and Indigenous people. They were trying to hide behind the language of free speech, but their recent actions in Brantford of trying to intimidate student groups and the university staff who support them make it clear that they are fully in line with the actions of Proud Boy chapters across Canada and the US. This isn't a matter of free speech, but of heterosexist white-supremacists jumping on any opportunity they can to take up space and promote their particularly vile politics.
The Brantford rally was organized by two self-proclaimed Proud Boys, Christian Mejia (aka Chris Kimbo on Facebook) and Tim Kelly. Though they seemed to be hiding during the period for which their rally was announced, some antifascists came across them giving an interview to a student journalist in a local cafe an hour later. They were briefly confronted, with the journalist asked “How much of a fascist does someone have to be before you stop printing what they say?”and Chris and Tim being told that people throughout the region see the shit they're pulling and will be back if need be. The interview apparently ended at that point.
We provide here some details about Tim Kelly and Chris Mejia/Kimbo in order to specifically denounce their reactionary politics and also as a case study in the kinds of ideas present in the Proud Boys. Three or four other students and local youth have also gotten involved with them. We've gathered their names and photos as well, but have decided not to publish them at this time — free pass this time boys, think hard before you get involved in something stupid like this again.
Tim Kelly isn't a student, but seems to be a committed far-right organizer who is hanging around the Laurier Brantford campus to recruit gullible conservative students. They have ties to the Proud Boys chapter in Toronto and is much more open about their white supremacy, writing on Facebook: “It's ok to be White, you do not have inherent privilege. You owe nothing to anybody who hasn't done something for you. Anybody telling you any different is attempting to shame you into ethno-masochism because they feel entitled and insecure about things they and you had no part in.” This kind of denial of the existence of racism coupled with their targeted harassment of anti-racist activists puts Tim in the tradition of more conventional fascist gangs, just with an updated aesthetic and double-speak borrowed from more respectable far-right groups like Rebel Media. Like most other Proud Boys members, Tim likes to mock survivors of sexual violence while valourizing an idea of masculinity based on aggression and domination.
Chris Mejia/Kimbo seems to be relatively recent to the world of being a far-right goon and smugly claims that their presence as an Asian man means that the Proud Boys couldn't possibly be racist. Unlike traditional white supremacist groups, the Proud Boys don't organize around the supremacy of a so-called white race, but rather around the supremacy of the culture that “race” has produced, as though culture can be separated from the people who practice it. One example is Chris' and their crew's support for the recent Proud Boys disruption of a Mi'kmaw ceremony in Nova Scotia on July 1st, on the grounds that they had “disrespected the flag”. This idea of backwards cultures needing to be corrected by a superior one is exactly the kind of racist garbage that justified residential schools, an institution that casts a particularly long shadow over Brantford.
Chris brags about being a CEO of a clothing company called “Generation Alpha”, which is clearly booming, having no website and just a facebook page with a dozen likes and a single review calling them a racist. The company seems to have a whopping two products — a shitty baseball cap and a branded t-shirt with the slogan: “ I came, I saw, I fucking dominated”. Chris seems to just be hunting around for ways that they can present themselves as strong and manly, the ideal target for far-right campus organizers like Tim Kelly. Unfortunately Chris, when you begin associating yourself with fascists like the Proud Boys, you're no longer dealing with just another opinion in the marketplace of ideas — you're pushing forward an ideology that is a serious threat to a lot of people and that will be taken seriously.
Both Chris and Tim are amateur comics who spend time at the Starving Artist Gallery Cafe and Brant Theatre Workshops in Brantford — why not get in touch and tell them how much you like when groups organizing around “western chauvinism” and “refusing to apologize” for the atrocities of Canadian colonialism are given space on stage.
Although we (the individuals writing this text) don't live or study in Brantford, we are grateful to have been able to participate in this demonstration alongside the students and residents who called it. We believe that when we help others to be brave and confront scumbags like the Proud Boys in their town it gets easier for us to do the same where we live. As anarchists, we also strongly value autonomy and don't want to take control over a struggle initiated by others that they will live everyday. We don't need any dedicated antifascist group, but rather just to act in opposition to all forms of domination and in solidarity with people in struggle.
A BJD member in the Lok Sabha on Thursday claimed that 40,000 Rohingya muslims had illegally entered India from Myanmar and they are being trained as terrorists, creating an “alarming” situation. Raising the issue, BJD member B Mahtab said, “There is emergence of a new insurgent group called Harakah alYaqin consisting of Rohingya muslims with its presence in Myanmar, Bangladesh and India.”
Advertising
“Since then it is believed that around 40,000 Rohingya Muslims have entered into our country illegally through Bangladesh, through Bay of Bengal and through Myanmar border,” they said. This was reported by a Brussels-based international crisis group in the recent past, they added.
The alarming thing is that many of the Rohingya muslims who are now in Jammu have already got the Aadhaar card, Mahtab said, adding that the government should act immediately. “Let us not wait for cloudburst; already dark clouds have appeared. There is a very serious incident that has happened in Bodhgaya and it is now linked to Indian Mujahideen which has connection with IS and now Rohingyas are being targetted to be trained as terrorists in this country,” Mahtab said.
Urging the government to take action as early as possible, they said, “It is high time the Home Ministry identifies them and removes them.” They also wanted to know what the External Affairs Ministry has done on the matter.
Police arrest driver and searching for 3 other suspects
One person is in custody after a drive-by shooting near Mississippi State University's campus.MSU officials sent out a tweet at 8:05 p.m. Wednesday about shots being fired at Haven 12.35847756Haven 12 is an apartment complex for students just off campus near the Hilton Garden Inn.The Starkville Police Department said on its Facebook page a drive-by shooting occurred at the Camelot Apartments on North Montgomery Street. Police said the suspects left the car after being pursued by police at the Haven 12 Apartments near the MSU Research Park.Police said the driver was arrested but three other people fled the scene.No one was injured, police said.Campus officials said no shots were fired on campus and there is no apparent connection to MSU personnel or students at this time.This appears to be a local crime adjacent to MSU.
One person is in custody after a drive-by shooting near Mississippi State University's campus.
MSU officials sent out a tweet at 8:05 p.m. Wednesday about shots being fired at Haven 12.
Advertisement
Haven 12 is an apartment complex for students just off campus near the Hilton Garden Inn.
The Starkville Police Department said on its Facebook page a drive-by shooting occurred at the Camelot Apartments on North Montgomery Street.
Police said the suspects left the car after being pursued by police at the Haven 12 Apartments near the MSU Research Park.
Police said the driver was arrested but three other people fled the scene.
No one was injured, police said.
Campus officials said no shots were fired on campus and there is no apparent connection to MSU personnel or students at this time.
This appears to be a local crime adjacent to MSU.
AlertMe
We have now reached the dog days of August when many people across America take their vacations, a much-needed break after months of hard work at their appointed tasks.
Congress headed home last week having failed to produce a major legislative accomplishment in the first half-year of Donald Trump's historic presidency. The president themselves is taking their own repose up in New Jersey on what is described as a “working vacation.”
The public's attention is therefore somewhere other than Washington, yet the establishment news media isn't about to relinquish the anti-Trump momentum they've tried so hard to build since day one of their first term. The biased Fourth Estate is in a desperate search for any little tidbit that will further their Trump-is-a-goner narrative.
As an example, Jake Lahut of Politico reported late last week, “President Donald Trump has watched their ratings decline for months, but on Wednesday two respected polls showed that only a third of American voters view them favorably — a new low less than 200 days into their presidency.
“A new Quinnipiac University Poll has the president's approval rating falling to 33 percent, while Gallup shows it at 36 percent. Quinnipiac's measurement is the lowest in the poll's tracking of the Trump administration thus far, and Gallup's is the lowest three-day average it has registered.”
The polls also showed roughly eight in ten Republicans still view Trump favorably. So yes, things have gone down a smidgen but it's not a huge shift and considering the avalanche of negativity that surrounds Trump on a daily basis (from virtually all the major newspapers and cable channels), their approval rating is holding fairly steady.
Over the weekend the Real Clear Politics average had their rating at just under 39 percent. Move along -- nothing to see here.
In seeing the relentless media hysteria over President Trump it reminds me a little of the way I used to observe the behavior of the kids in my son's preschool class. Even at age three or four the most dominant personality qualities of each child were clearly evident.
There were the leaders, the ones usually the farthest away from the teachers on the fringes of the classroom examining and tinkering with the various toys, trying to determine how each one worked in order to maximize the amount of pure enjoyment from employing them.
The leaders were always surrounded by stragglers and followers, the kids who seemed to feed off the intellectual might of the leaders. As soon as the leaders figured out how to do something the followers would join in on the activity, clearly relishing the fact one of their peers had solved a puzzle, opening the door for them to get the same benefits from the exercise without having to do the hard brain work themselves.
Then there were the “needy” kids, the ones typically huddled around the teachers, often complaining about some sort of ailment and craving attention as though their momentary contentment depended on it. A tummy ache was usually enough of a reason to draw a compassionate reaction, more focus from the adults and if the kids were fortunate, a special privilege such as sitting next to the teacher or getting to drink from their juice box ahead of the other kids.
The “needy” group is today's American establishment news media. They gather around the leaders and followers, dig in the mud, whine about boo, pick at sores and delight in reporting on whatever dirt or sympathy or blood they're able to engender.
Such is the case with these opinion polls, which admittedly are just snapshots of general attitudes in time that could easily change with a random world event that manages to catch the attention of the distracted populace at any given moment.
Journalists crave the public's attention just like the “needy” preschoolers desperately wanted approval of the teachers and adults back in their playschool days. It's almost like you could go into any pre-K classroom in America and just handout journalism school scholarships fifteen years in advance based on the behavior of the puerile-minded kids.
The media's fixation with special counsel Robert Mueller and their recent announcement that a grand jury has been impaneled is a perfect example of their “needy” nature. Deep down everyone knows the Russia-collusion allegations are a figment of the imaginations of people with a toddler's mindset but still the media persists in pursuing them to the destructive ends of the country and Trump's efforts to reform the government.
They also hope Mueller's probe will lead to impeachment. But will it? Andrew C. McCarthy wrote at National Review, “The Constitution's standard for impeachable conduct, ‘high crimes and misdemeanors,' is a concept more analogous to military justice than to penal law. It involves violations of an officeholder's public trust, transgressions that call into question their fitness to wield power and carry out high responsibilities. High crimes and misdemeanors need not be felonies chargeable in criminal court; they include all manner of execrable episodes and abuses of power that cause us to question a public official's fitness.
“In other words, they are just the sort of thing you'd find in a report issued by a grand jury. Which means that a report issued by a grand jury could be just the sort of thing a special counsel might refer to Congress as the potential foundation for an impeachment case.”
McCarthy concluded we're still a long way from that point but Mueller's phishing expedition could turn up just the right amount of dirt to begin down the road to constitutionally removing Trump from office. McCarthy's somber tone is troubling since he's one of those who from the beginning argued that a lot of what is going on would not necessarily carry much legal weight.
And now we're talking about impeachment?
Obama, Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Warren and the entire Democrat party couldn't be happier. The preschool-brained establishment media will certainly offer their assistance in dragging Trump before a tribunal and if the polls (cited above) are correct, about two-thirds of the public would be open to it as well.
If it ever comes to that the republic will likely not survive. The people who have been with Trump from the beginning – and there are a lot of them – would not stand by idly and watch their chosen leader be cashiered and derided by a collection of malcontents who never liked their personality and hated their proposals even more.
Ultimately this isn't just about Donald Trump; it's about discrediting the message and ideas Trump championed during their campaign. The same smear-job has been done to every Republican politician who managed to reach the top levels of government but Trump is singled out for special reprisal because he's from outside the establishment.
To the Washington insiders Trump is a monster, and we can't have monsters roaming the quiet countryside, now can we?
These ideologically compromised ruling class elites wouldn't be content to just impeach Trump; they need to destroy them – and their ideas.
Andrew Klavan wrote at PJ Media, “…Democrats love to play off emotion to disguise their blithering hypocrisy, we know that. The Rule of Law, sacrosanct when it comes to allowing abortions, is suddenly sentimentalized out of existence when it comes to illegal immigration. This ideologically corrupt party would not hold a single elective office anywhere if they weren't protected and defended by an utterly biased and dishonest news media dedicated to smothering facts beneath Democrat talking points…
“On the positive side for those of us who support a good deal of what this administration is trying to do, the news media — which is pretty much like CNN across the board — is protecting the president from their own foibles. No matter how much chaos is generated by the White House — no matter how odd and even untrue are the president's tweets — the Trump gang seems a model of dignity, probity and integrity when seen against the backdrop of this sort of journalistic folly.”
Ah yes, there is a bit of a silver lining to all of this media/Democrat madness. It makes the tumultuous White House and Trump's most enthusiastic defenders look sane by comparison.
It's kind of like those preschoolers in my son's former class. They wandered around, completely oblivious to the storm going on outside. To them, their entire world was confined within those four walls. The leaders led, the followers followed and the whiners… well, they whined.
Whoever said you needed to know more than what you learned in preschool?
The Libertarian Party of Canada hosted a convention in Calgary over the weekend. I had a chance to talk to leader Tim Moen about some of the exciting things that have happened within the last year.
With membership numbers tripling in 2015 alone and a big contingent of Libertarians in Ontario, Quebec and British Columbia, most of the party's growth has occurred in liberty-oriented Alberta.
Libertarianism is definitely becoming more popular, but some people are still unfamiliar with what they stand for.
Watch as I ask Moen to explain the party's principles for newcomers and get their thoughts on the leadership of Justin Trudeau and the opposition's effectiveness in holding them to account.
The Libertarian Party is unlikely to form government in the near future, but Moen says he'll be travelling the country encouraging new members to join, and hopes to have full slate of candidates running in the next federal election.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Libyan TV aired video it said showed Col Gaddafi in a motorcade in Tripoli
Nato Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has told a foreign ministers' summit the alliance needs "a few more" aircraft for its mission in Libya.
Mr Rasmussen said they had received no offers from any ally at the meeting in Berlin to supply the extra warplanes, but they remained hopeful.
Nato would continue "day by day, strike by strike" to target Col Muammar Gaddafi's forces, they told media.
Britain and France have been trying to persuade other Nato members to do more.
London and Paris have been urging allies to get actively involved with ground attack planes to intensify air raids, says BBC diplomatic correspondent James Robbins, who was at the Berlin news conference.
But they say that while UK Foreign Secretary William Hague insisted Nato was more united than ever, the meeting has so far left unanswered the question of which other countries are willing to join the active combat role.
Tripoli blasts
There are divisions in the alliance, with Turkey and Germany opposed to the Libya mission.
Analysis For Nato this is both the best of times and the worst of times. After some hesitation on the part of the French, command of the Libya operation was transferred to the alliance, thus assuring its role as the pre-eminent military sub-contractor in the world. But the alliance is much more than just a conductor of the military orchestra. It is above all a diplomatic body providing the political will, rationale and determination to conduct a given operation. And here Nato's members have been found wanting. This was an unusual crisis from the outset, since it was really two countries - Britain and France - that made the running. But leaving the Europeans in pole position meant problems. Only six members are actually conducting strike missions. Inevitably, reluctance in some quarters and differing degrees of involvement send out a signal suggesting a lack of resolve and uneasiness about how this mission might end.
Mr Rasmussen told the meeting that Nato supreme commander, the US Admiral James Stavridis, was "generally content" with their forces.
But the secretary general added: "Now they [pro-Gaddafi forces] hide their heavy arms in populated areas where before many targets were easy to get to.
"To avoid civilian casualties we need very sophisticated equipment so we need a few more precision fighter ground-attack aircraft for air-to-ground missions."
They added: "I am confident that nations will step up to the plate," although when pressed, they said: "I don't have specific pledges or promises from this meeting".
As Mr Rasmussen spoke, Nato warplanes bombed targets around the Libyan capital, Tripoli. There were loud explosions, followed by heavy anti-aircraft fire.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen was one of a group of journalists taken to a university cafeteria in the city afterwards by government officials.
They say the glass was smashed and doors appeared to have been blown off by a blast.
Students there said 8-10 people had been injured by flying glass. They said the raid had targeted a military installation 500m away.
Libyan state TV said three people were killed in a strike, but a Nato official dismissed the report.
"Nato has seen these reports and the allegations of civilian casualties in Tripoli... We have seen these allegations before and they have proved to be misinformation, which is the case today," the Nato official told Reuters.
Libyan TV later broadcast pictures which appeared to show Col Gaddafi surrounded by cheering supporters as they stood through the sunroof of a car driving through Tripoli, pumping their fists in the air.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Jeremy Bowen witnessed damage to a university cafeteria in Tripoli following Nato air strikes
Fighting has continued in the rebel-held city of Misrata, western Libya, which has been besieged by pro-Gaddafi forces for nearly two months.
A rebel spokesperson, Ghassan, told Reuters the port area had been heavily shelled by government forces, forcing its closure.
Rebels also said a rocket attack by pro-Gaddafi forces killed 23 people on Thursday morning, but this again cannot be independently verified.
Koussa sanctions lifted
Some assessments suggest that Nato only needs about a dozen or so extra strike aircraft to maintain the tempo of operations.
Only a few of Nato's 28 members - including France, the UK, Canada, Belgium, Norway and Denmark - are conducting air strikes.
Nato role in Libya Alliance in full control of military operations since 31 March
Nato has about 195 aircraft and 18 vessels under its control
Mission includes enforcing arms embargo, policing no-fly zone, and carrying out attacks on ground targets
2,000 sorties flown, including 900 air strikes
Six of 28 Nato members - France, UK, Canada, Belgium, Norway, Denmark - carrying out air strikes
Members Germany and Turkey oppose military action in Libya Tripoli witness: Covert protests Libya no-fly zone: Coalition firepower
Washington withdrew its fighter jets as it scaled back its role in the mission, although US planes are still targeting Col Gaddafi's air defences and it says it has still been flying a third of the missions.
Asked on Thursday if American forces could resume ground strikes, Mr Hague said the US was already making "a huge contribution".
"It's not unreasonable to ask other nations... to make additional contributions," Mr Hague added.
Several major Nato member countries, including Spain and Italy, have not taken part in attacks on ground targets.
Spain said on Thursday it would continue to provide aircraft without joining directly in such raids.
Italy is also refraining from carrying out air strikes, but it allows missions to be flown from its territory.
Meanwhile, Moussa Koussa, the Libyan foreign minister who fled to the UK late last month, is no longer subject to EU sanctions, the British government said.
Earlier, the "Brics" group of five emerging nations - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa - met in southern China and said "the use of force should be avoided" in Libya.
Fate/Stay Night Costumes Coming To Phantasy Star Online 2
By Eugene . September 24, 2013 . 10:57am
Phantasy Star Online 2, or more appropriately Phantasy Star Online 2: Episode 2 is getting a Chapter 3 update on the 25th of September in Japan. This update will include several more in the following months to bring Chapter 3 up to speed. But in the interim, the first Chapter 3 update brings the following:
A new Extreme Quest titled “Extreme Training: The Sea Ruins of the Ocean King”
11 new weapons at the Pyroxene/Demon Stones shop to trade for.
A new team bulletin board to post announcements and news
Alongside a new “Desert Base” team base extension
Finally, new scratch cards for the Autumn Sports Festival that can net you autumn sports wear gear
Following the September update, October's update will see something players have hoped for for awhile now—skill level caps raised, alongside other changes listed below:
Character class skill levels will be upped to 65
New quest difficulty “Super Hard” for the Floating Continent's Forest area
Several new 10-Star Weapon Drops
New rare enemy Tagamikazuchi
New “Urgent” quests – “To break the brave leader's boundary”
Even more new additions such as Franca changes and time bomb releases.
Also in October, there will be a collaboration with Puella Magi Madoka Magica (not the upcoming Vita game) which adds Madoka and Akemi's costumes to the game, as well as a Kyuubey mascot.
Come November, Fate/Stay Night and the impossibly cute Fate Kaleid Liner Prisma Ilya (Featuring Ilya as a magical girl) will cross over to the game, too, with Saber, Archer, Gilgamesh, Tohsaka Rin and Ilya's magical girl costumes and weapons.
PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia: The High-Speed Rail (HSR) line linking Singapore and Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur (KL) is expected to start operations around 2026. This was announced at a joint press conference on Tuesday (July 19) after the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between the neighbouring countries.
Advertisement
The signing ceremony, witnessed by Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and their Malaysian counterpart Najib Razak, comes ahead of a legally binding bilateral agreement that will be inked by the end of this year.
Construction of the HSR is scheduled to take place from 2018 to 2025, followed by testing, commissioning and finally kick-off for the revenue service a year later.
The original timeline for the HSR project.
The HSR line will run for 350km, with 335km in Malaysia and 15km in Singapore, and on two tracks going in opposite directions. It will comprise eight stops in total: Singapore, Iskandar Puteri, Batu Pahat, Muar, Ayer Keroh, Seremban, Putrajaya and KL.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Existing train services take up to 11 hours to journey between Singapore and KL. However, with the line able to reach top speeds of 300km/h, travel time between KL and Singapore is expected to drop to around 90 minutes - excluding clearance at customs, immigration and quarantine (CIQ). There are, however, plans to co-locate CIQ checkpoints at Singapore, KL and Iskandar Puteri to facilitate “seamless travel”.
This means, for instance, that at the Jurong East terminus, one would be able to clear Singaporean immigration and a few steps later, Malaysian immigration before boarding the train, reaching KL and stepping out into the city centre itself.
Travel time for the HSR between Singapore and Iskandar Puteri in Johor Bahru is expected to take around 10 to 15 minutes.
Both governments agreed that each will take responsibility for developing, constructing and maintaining civil infrastructure and stations within their own countries - MyHSR Corporation for Malaysia and the Land Transport Authority for Singapore.
“COMPETITIVE” FARES
It was also announced that two train operating companies will be appointed to run the HSR service. An international operator will handle the express service between the Singapore terminus at Jurong East and the KL end at the upcoming Bandar Malaysia development. The same operator will also oversee a cross-border shuttle service between Singapore and Iskandar Puteri.
Another operator will run the domestic service within Malaysia. The express service will have scheduling and operational priority over a domestic line servicing the six stops in Malaysia between Singapore and KL.
The HSR trains are expected to be 10 cars long, with the capacity for up to 100 passengers per car.
Fare will be set commercially by the operators and “competitive with airfares”, said Singapore authorities.
A separate private entity will design, build, finance and maintain the trains as well as rail assets, like trackwork, communications, signalling and power. It will also allocate and control track access. Depots and maintenance facilities will be located in Malaysia.
The Singapore and Malaysian governments will build and fund infrastructure work such as viaducts, tunnels and stations within their territories. Both governments also agreed to form a bilateral committee comprising representatives from both sides to manage and regulate aspects of the project which might impact the cross-border services.
TENDER PROCESS WILL BE "FAIR AND TRANSPARENT"
Speaking at the signing of the MoU, PM Lee noted that the tender process is one issue that has to be discussed by Singapore and Malaysia. They said: "This is one of the items which has to be settled and has to be discussed between the two sides, to how the project is going to be structured, to how the tenders will be called, what's the sequence in which they're going to be called, what does each package consist of, and then how will the tenders be evaluated."
Mr Najib said: "Because this project has attracted so much international interest, it is incumbent upon us to make sure that the process will be a very fair, transparent, objective process. But we are both committed to ensuring that this will happen because the image and integrity of both countries will be at stake. So you can be rest assured that the process will be carried out in the fairest possible way."
Malaysia's Minister in the Prime Minister's Department Abdul Rahman Dahlan said: “We are committed to making sure that this project comes to its conclusion. As far as I'm concerned, and as both Prime Ministers mentioned ... it will be an open, transparent and fair tender process.”
They mentioned that they had personally seen several companies that had shown some interest, including companies from China, Japan and European countries.
Mr Abdul Rahman added that the pricing for trips on the HSR would be affected by the bids for the project even though it would likely be benchmarked against airfares. "I believe it will be market-driven."
When asked about the cost-sharing arrangement between Singapore and Malaysia, Mr Abdul Rahman pointed out that much of the track will be in Malaysia, with more than 300km in Malaysia and about 15km in Singapore.
“But we're not looking at the length, we're looking at the cost. Of course, building 15km underground in Singapore would probably cost as much. So it will be an equitable, fair percentage for both countries,” they said. However, they added that they were not at at liberty to disclose the exact percentages until the bilateral agreement is concluded.
The documents detailing those deliberations, including two e-mail messages from a C.I.A. official whose name has been excised, were released as part of Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The e-mail messages also reveal that top White House officials were angry that the C.I.A. had not notified them before the tapes were destroyed. The e-mail messages mention a conversation between Harriet E. Miers, the White House counsel, and John A. Rizzo, the C.I.A.'s top lawyer, in which Ms. Miers was “livid” about being told after the fact.
“Rizzo is clearly upset, because they were on the hook to notify Harriet Miers of the status of the tapes because it was they who had asked to be advised before any action was taken,” according to one of the e-mail messages.
Photo
In 2002, C.I.A. operatives in Thailand videotaped the interrogations of Abu Zubaydah and Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, two Qaeda suspects whom the C.I.A. was holding in secret in that country. More than a hundred tapes were made, and many were kept in a safe in the C.I.A. station in Bangkok. According to former C.I.A. officials, Mr. Rodriguez ordered the tapes destroyed in November 2005 because they feared that if the tapes were to become public it would put undercover C.I.A. officers in legal and physical jeopardy.
According to one of the e-mail messages released Thursday, Mr. Rodriguez told Mr. Goss that the tapes, taken out of context, would make the C.I.A. “look terrible; it would be devastating to us.”
The destruction of the tapes is the subject of a Justice Department criminal investigation that has stretched on for more than two years. The investigation is led by John Durham, a federal prosecutor in Connecticut.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Goss and other former C.I.A. officers have testified before a grand jury hearing evidence as part of the investigation, former intelligence officials said.
A spokesperson for Mr. Goss declined to comment on Thursday evening.
Paul Gimigliano, a C.I.A. spokesperson, said: “For more than two years, a Department of Justice prosecutor has been looking into the matter. The agency has cooperated fully with that inquiry and will, of course, continue to do so. We hope that this issue is resolved soon.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a telephone interview on Thursday, Mr. Rizzo said they were not at the meeting recounted in the e-mail messages, but said “Porter never once indicated to me that they agreed with the decision.”
“I thought they were as upset as I was for not being told,” they said.
Mr. Rizzo said that White House officials agreed with them that destroying the tapes was a bad idea, and that they expected to be informed before the C.I.A. made any decisions about their fate.
“They said don't do anything without telling them in advance,” they said.
One American official familiar with the matter cautioned that the e-mail messages were merely the account of one unnamed C.I.A. official, not the results of a formal investigation.
“It's a little risky to draw cosmic conclusions from something like that,” they said.
The destruction of the interrogation tapes was first revealed by The New York Times in December 2007.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption More than four years on, Vorayuth Yoovidhaya has not appeared in court
Among the many uncertainties hanging over Thailand as it is steered hesitantly through a delicate political transition, its people could be sure of one thing this week.
That Vorayuth Yoovidhaya, the grandson of the billionaire who invented the energy drink Red Bull, would once again fail to appear at a Bangkok prosecutor's office to face charges relating to the death of a police officer.
On 3 September 2012, that officer was struck by a Ferrari driven by Mr Vorayuth.
The sometimes farcical attempts by the Thai authorities to bring Mr Vorayuth to justice are now commonly cited as epitomising the untouchability of the super-rich in Thailand.
The facts of the incident early on the morning of 3 September are reasonably clear.
Police Sergeant-Major Wichian Klanprasert was riding their motorbike along Bangkok's Sukhumvit Road when they were hit by a grey Ferrari, which dragged their body more than 100m (109yds) down the road, before driving off.
Investigating officers followed a trail of brake fluid to a luxury home less than a kilometre away, owned by one of Thailand's wealthiest families.
The badly-dented Ferrari was there, but initially the police were persuaded to detain a driver employed by the family as their main suspect.
When they subsequently discovered the car had actually been driven by Mr Vorayuth, then 27 years old, they were tested and found to have excessive alcohol in their blood - but, they said, this was from drinking at home after the accident.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The badly-dented Ferrari was found in the compound of the family's home
The police believe from security camera videos, the distance the car travelled after the crash, and the injuries that instantly killed Sergeant-Major Wichian, that Mr Vorayuth must have been speeding, they estimate at around 170km/h (106mph) in an 80km/h zone. Their lawyers have denied this.
It took the police six months to prepare criminal charges of speeding, reckless driving causing death, and fleeing the scene of an accident.
Throughout 2013, Mr Vorayuth failed to appear seven times to hear the charges, with their lawyers providing an array of justifications, from them being on business overseas to feeling unwell.
In September 2013 the limitation period for the speeding charge expired.
Global success
Mr Vorayuth's grandfather, Chaleo Yoovidhya, made their fortune when, in the mid-1980s, they teamed up with an Austrian marketing executive to turn their energy drink known as Kratindaeng, or Red Bull, into a global sales success.
Today the extended Yoovidhya family is believed to be worth more than $20bn (£16bn). The Red Bull logo is now seen all over the world, in particular sponsoring spectacular stunts and sporting events.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Red Bull sponsors a Formula One team, as well as teams in other motorsports
But the family has shunned the limelight; before their death in March 2012 Chaleo Yoovidhya never gave a single media interview. After the accident, their grandson, Mr Vorayuth, vanished from public view.
But social media posts by them and their jet-setting friends suggest they have often been inside Thailand, as well as travelling around the world to motor racing competitions or beach resorts.
You might also be interested in reading:
Life and death on Thailand's lethal roads
Mexico newspaper stops printing after reporter shot dead
The Afghan restaurant run by domestic abuse survivors
How Russia's YouTube generation is getting its news
Right after the accident the police chief of Bangkok at that time, Kamronwit Thoopkrajang, promised the public that the culprit in Sergeant-Major Wichian's death would be brought to justice, or they would resign.
In April 2013 the attorney-general promised to indict Mr Vorayuth, only to backtrack after they were petitioned by the suspect's lawyers, who contested the fairness of the speeding charge.
In September 2013 the prosecutor ordered police to arrest them after their seventh no-show. Nothing happened.
Then, against a backdrop of growing political turmoil in Thailand, the case appeared to be forgotten.
Public interest in it was revived only after a horrifying road accident last year, involving another wealthy young man who drove their luxury car at high speed into another vehicle, killing two graduate students.
People started asking what had happened to the Red Bull heir. And a military government, which had promised to address the abuses of previous governments, felt forced to act. Or, perhaps more accurately, to be seen to be acting.
In March last year the Attorney-General announced that they would once again press charges against Mr Vorayuth.
But throughout last year, their lawyers successfully postponed repeated requests for them to report to the prosecutor's office, claiming that their client had filed a complaint of unfair treatment to the National Legislative Assembly, the military-appointed parliament.
Lawyers spoken to by the BBC say there is no legal justification for using this device to delay proceedings against Mr Vorayuth, but that is what is happening.
'On business in the UK'
Today the police insist they can do nothing.
Asked why they have not issued an arrest warrant against the accused, as requested three and a half years ago, they told the BBC that it is up to the Attorney-General's office to act.
The Attorney-General's office says they cannot be indicted unless they appear in person.
And for the latest request for them to report to the prosecutor's office to hear those charges? Mr Vorayuth, we are now told by their lawyers, is on business in the UK. The Attorney-General has once again granted a postponement, to next month.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The extended Yoovidhya family is believed to be worth more than $20bn (£16bn) thanks to their Red Bull empire
The relatives of Sergeant-Major Wichian have said little about the case. As usually happens in these situations, the Yoovidhya family have paid them a large sum of money, around $100,000.
In return they have agreed not to press charges themselves.
And public interest in Thailand will probably wane, as people wearily conclude that, once again, the rich have shown that they are beyond the reach of the law, in a country ridden with corruption and abuses of power.
One lawyer, who was once closely connected to the case, told the BBC they had never seen another example of a suspect evading justice like this one.
Had it been someone else, without a powerful family behind him, they said, they would certainly have been arrested the first time they failed to report himself.
The most serious charge against Mr Vorayuth, of reckless driving causing death, expires in the year 2027.
Few people are betting that they will face any legal sanction, or indeed any meaningful restrictions on their lifestyle before that deadline frees them completely from any lingering repercussions of the events of that morning four and a half years ago.
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
0
That's a wrap on Star Trek Beyond, folks. The follow-up to Star Trek Into Darkness and is now in the can, and director Justin Lin (Fast Five) will begin a deep dive into post-production for the next eight months to put the new sequel together. Lin, of course, stepped in to direct after J.J. Abrams departed the franchise they rebooted with 2009's Star Trek; but they had a solid reason for exiting the director's chair—helming Star Wars: The Force Awakens, of course.
Star Trek Beyond went through a curious road to production. Paramount's early director search resulted in exciting possibilities like Joe Cornish (Attack the Block) and even Edgar Wright, but the studio ultimately went with Roberto Orci to take the helm. Despite Orci's intimate involvement in the first two pictures as writer/producer, handing over the reins of the franchise to someone who's never even directed an episode of TV was a massive show of faith. In the end, Orci's attachment was short-lived; they exited the project after a few months of work, and Paramount began their director search anew with a desire to start over on the screenplay* (more on that below).
Enter an unexpected writing duo: Simon Pegg and Doug Jung. Pegg pulled double duty on the follow-up by reprising their role as Scotty and co-writing the screenplay alongside Jung, and they crafted a new story as Paramount enlisted Lin to fulfill their desire to turn Star Trek into the massive blockbuster franchise that it hasn't quite hit yet.
[Update: I've been reminded of the fact that, during a press conference in Dubai earlier this year, Pegg actually revealed that they and Jung started from scratch on the screenplay:
“There was a script being developed by Bob Orci but Doug Jung and I never saw it, or were told anything about it. We started with a blank page in January and built the story from the ground up with Justin Lin and our producers at Bad Robot.”
So when Paramount enlisted Pegg and Jung, it wasn't to work from a pre-existing story but to craft a new one altogether.]
What will become of Star Trek Beyond? Seeing as how they've only wrapped filming, we don't know! But I'm mighty curious to see the story that Pegg and Jung have cooked up, and while we know very little about the plot of the movie, nabbing Idris Elba to play the villain was a sufficient coup.
For now, enjoy a photo from set in which Pegg sports an Episode VII hat, via Pegg's Twitter. Star Trek Beyond opens in theaters on July 22, 2016 and also stars Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Zoe Saldana, Karl Urban, John Cho, Anton Yelchin, Joe Taslim, and Sofia Boutella.
A man who stabbed a young father to death has been filmed partying with prison hooch and singing to explicit rap lyrics in a sickening jail video.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as they dance outside their cell with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey.
They clutch a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip, which also shows a stash of drink bottles, biscuits and crisps on a window ledge, before it was shared with friends on WhatsApp.
Scroll down for video
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, who was jailed for stabbing a young father, has been filmed partying behind bars
They were caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey
Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run-up to Christmas in December last year.
Tesfamichael was jailed for life with a minimum of 13 years after they used a broken champagne bottle to stab Olu Olagbaju, 26, in Shadan's nightclub in the City of London in December 2006.
The music producer collapsed and died after the attack, where witnesses described seeing the young father being held with their arms behind their back before they were stabbed in the chest.
Eritrean-born Tesfamichael, then 23 and living in Camden, north London, made their getaway in a Mercedes before fleeing to Italy and then Miami, U.S., before they were extradited back to Britain.
The 50-second video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on WhatsApp
Eritrean-born Tesfamichael will spend a minimum of 13 years behind bars for the stabbing of Olu Olagbaju, 26
Mr Olagbaju was looking forward to the birth of their second child with fiancee Terri Jacob, who they already had a daughter with, when they were killed.
The Ministry of Justice launched an internal investigation at the Category C prison, which houses 500 inmates, and dealt with those involved.
A spokesperson from the Prison Service said: 'All identified prisoners have faced disciplinary action. This type of behaviour will not be tolerated.'
Tesfamichael wears a grey vest as they dance around the prison with another inmate, who wears sunglasses
The footage also shows a stash of drinks bottles, crisps and biscuits being stored on a window ledge
The video has outraged members of the public after it was shared on social media.
Vikki Heywood, wrote on Facebook: 'I think it's disgusting the stuff they can get up to in prison these days. I've seen other ones of take aways and stuff like that.
'They are there to be punished not rewarded. If they have it soo cosy they will never learn from there are mistakes [sic].'
Richard Jones added: 'What's more shameless is that it's the authorities allowing the "party" to take place.' Others described it as 'shocking' and 'disgraceful'.
Dashem Tesfamichael (left) stabbed Olu Olagbaju, 26, (right) with a broken champagne bottle at a London nighclub in December 2006
Prison officers at Coldingley prison in Surrey reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run up to Christmas in December last year
FROM 'MARMITE MULE' TO 'PRUNO', HOW PRISONERS BREW THEIR HOOCH... Prison inmates use the yeast food spread to make illegal hooch dubbed 'Marmite Mule' behind bars Prisoners are infamous for brewing illicit alcohol while they're behind bars with the DIY concoctions carrying a variety of names from 'pruno' to 'hooch'. But it is perhaps surprising to learn how inmates are able to make the beverages on such a limited amount of resources. In 2009 it was reported that Marmite had been banned from Dartmoor prison in Devon because inmates were using it to make super strength hooch. Dubbed 'Martmite Mule', prisoners added it to fruit, vegetables, bread and water, with the yeast in the food spread triggering the fermenting process of turning the sugars in the fruit into alcohol. The brew is then left over two weeks in old soft drink bottles or plastic bags before it is strained with a T-shirt or sock to remove the remains of the fruit and veg. It was also reportedly being used at privately-run Addiewell Prison in Scotland. Pruno, or prison wine, is renowned for being made by inmates because it can be produced with the limited selection of equipment and ingredients available to them. It is usually made using a variation of apples, oranges, fruit cocktail, candy, ketchup, sugar, milk, and possibly other ingredients, including crumbled bread. Again, the use of a plastic bag, hot running water and a sock are needed during the fermentation process. The longer the concoction is left the stronger it will be with the alcohol volume ranging from 2 per cent to 14 per cent.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Economic and military weakness has its consequences. One of those consequences is that former allies start to look to side with what they believe will be the winning team. Under the Obama administration, which has stabbed allies in the back around the world, our friends are looking to partner with our former adversaries.
Take the Philippines for example, a long-term U.S. ally since WWII. The Manilla Times reports, “Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Zhao Jianhua said an enhancement of military ties between the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea) foes was “something we are looking at.”
They also said, “I think, first of all, because of the differences we have in the South China Sea, the two militaries need to talk to each other to enhance trust and mutual confidence to avoid incidents of misunderstanding because no country, including China and the Philippines, wants conflict or tension.”
China is also looking at strengthening economic ties with the PI, once the location of the powerful Clark Air Base and Subic Bay Naval Base. It was also the Philippines that recently brought a case before the UN tribunal on Chinese claims in the South China Sea, which China lost but ignored.
Mr. Zhao said, “Investments from China in the Philippines, it's going to be very good for the economic and social development of the Philippines. And China is willing to be an active participant in President Duterte's socioeconomic agenda so that we can prove together with the Philippines that we are good neighbors, we're good partners and we are brothers.”
“I think warming up relations with China has its own merits … we will promote not only friendship and cooperation between the two countries, but we will also contribute to the development of the Philippines.
“We have differences but we can talk and I believe we're patient and wise enough to seek a peaceful solution to whatever differences we have in the South China Sea,” said Mr. Zhao.
America's other allies in the region must be wondering about the treaty obligations that are in place and if the United States will honor those commitments.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
- For David and Shirley Spondak, their dogs are family. So, they were shocked to learn the fate of a dog named Brad Pitt that recently crossed their path.
The Bassett Hound-English Bulldog mix meandered into their cul-de-sac on the morning of July 18th. Then the couple said the dog willingly left with a Cobb County Animal Control Officer.
"When they came they put them on a leash and the dog willfully went on the leash. They walked them around the truck and put them in the truck," said David Spontak.
According to an arrest warrant obtained by FOX 5 News, animal control officer Mathew Rory Dodson attempted to hide the death of the dog by falsifying their end of day shelter card. The report said they told superiors the mixed breed died after being hit by a car a couple of blocks from where the canine was actually picked up.
"How did the dog really die? Was there trauma to the dog? And why did they do this in general? Why would they do this to a helpless animal?" asked Chuck Gilliam who lives in the Kennesaw neighborhood where Brad Pitt was picked up.
The arrest warrant goes on to said Dodson placed the dog in a compartment of an animal control vehicle and completed their duties without bringing the canine to the shelter for safe keeping. It also said failing to do so in a timely manner resulted in the dog's death likely from a heat related illness.
"You know that truck was hot. They should have had some air in it, some circulation, something because it was a hot day," said Shirley Spontak.
No answer at Dodson's Marietta home but he's facing misdemeanor Animal cruelty and Obstruction/Hindering Law Enforcement charges for allegedly lying about the incident. The Spondaks said with a name like Brad Pitt they're pretty sure the dog belonged to someone.
"We love our dogs and I'm sure they love theirs," said Shirley Spontak.
FOX 5 News tried to find the owners of Brad Pitt, but was unable to. The dog's name was listed in the arrest warrant. A spokesperson from Cobb County said Mathew Dodson quit in the middle of the investigation into their alleged wrong doing. The spokesperson said Dodson worked at Cobb County Animal Control for three years.
I've written before about difficulties in parsing introduced by indirect notation in Perl 5 as well as why barewords in Perl 5 making parsing difficult.
Nicholas Clark reminded me over the weekend of something I heard long ago. In particular:
... as well as action at a distance, there's a speed hit on every class method call because first the code does a stash lookup to see if the package name string is actually a filehandle ...
— Nicholas Clark, methods and bareword file handles, action at a distance, (un)speed
That is, when invoking a method on a bareword (such as the name of a class), Perl 5 has to check whether a filehandle of that name exists, then fetch the underlying filehandle object, then invoke the method on that object. This takes place even if you never use bareword filehandles in your program. It's likely too risky to change now (at least in Perl 5) lest millions of programs written since 1994 suddenly and mysteriously break with odd error messages.
(The correct design solution is to forbid the use of ambiguous barewords at the syntax level in order to avoid costly and often unnecessary runtime checks. In other words, similar things should look similar and different things—filehandles and class names—should look different.)
This is a very special day! I just want to take the time to wish Rickson Gracie, my instructor, one of my biggest inspirations in my life and a person who has inspired so many others a very Happy Birthday.
To celebrate their birthday I just wanted to share one of the many stories about them that motivated and inspired me as I was coming up.
It was in the mid to late late 90's (97 or 98 maybe) at the Pico academy when Fabio Gurgel came to town with several black belts from Brazil. One of the black belts that came with them was Roberto “Spider” Traven. I believe Roberto was a world champion black belt at the time or won the world's shortly after this visit.
I remember seeing Rickson train with all the black belts, and doing what they normally do to them all, which is submitted them multiple times within a 5-6 minute roll, but with Roberto they could not even pass their guard. You see this was the first time any of us had been exposed to the Spider guard, named after Roberto. Gripping the sleeves and using their feet in the biceps to create space and hold Rickson off, even though they were not able to sweep Rickson, I could see Rickson was very frustrated trying to pass their guard and eventually time ran out.
The next day they all showed up at the academy to train again and Rickson went with Roberto first. Those of us that saw what happened the previous day knew Rickson was frustrated and wanted another go. This time they passed their guard multiple times and submitted them with ease…. I was BLOWN AWAY!
We had all expected it to be another tough and frustrating roll for Rickson. How could things of changed so much in just one day? I asked one of the other instructors in disbelief what they think happened, whether Rickson was taking it easy the first day or not. They said “Rickson was pissed when they left yesterday, so I know they were thinking about it non-stop all night”.
Because of their deep level of understanding of the concepts and ideas of Jiu-Jitsu they went home and thought about what was going on and the problems this new guard was giving them THEN figured out how to deal with it and crush it. It was something none of us had seen or experienced before and in one day, because of their passion, determination, and mindset Rickson was able to come up with a solution.
This was just one of the many times I saw Rickson see something or learn something and within a day be able to do it better or completely kill it.
When people ask me what makes Rickson so special I always tell them it's their mind. Their deep level of understanding of Jiu-Jitsu and their ability to solve whatever problem they face with technique and not speed or strength. This is why when I teach I try to pass along these concepts of Jiu-Jitsu I learned from Rickson. You see none of us including Rickson know all the Jiu-Jitsu out there.
But by understanding the concepts you can solve any new problem that comes your way and sometimes make techniques better, which is something Rickson's Jiu-Jitsu is known for. Rickson didn't just teach me techniques, they taught me how to think about Jiu-Jitsu which is the greatest gift they gave me.
Happy Birthday Master Rickson and thank you for everything you've given the Jiu-Jitsu community
Football fans rejoice: This will not be the end of the Steelers-Ravens rivalry featuring Terrell Suggs.
The 34-year-old outside linebacker was adamant about not retiring after Sunday's loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers. The game effectively closed the door on any chance of Baltimore reaching the postseason. The Ravens have not made the playoffs since 2014.
According to ESPN, Suggs was unhappy with a reporter who asked them about walking away.
"I don't know what you heard -- what the (expletive) is wrong with him? -- I was always planning to come back and doing this another year," Suggs said.
I think we can all agree that the Ravens would not be the same without their longest-tenured player, and kudos to Suggs for coming back even with nothing to prove. They posted eight sacks this season, a year after missing 15 games with a torn Achilles.  They are 21st on the all-time sack list and a sure-fire Hall of Famer upon retirement.
Something about that team and division, though, seems to cultivate agelessness. Suggs, Steve Smith, Elvis Dumervil, Ben Roethlisberger and James Harrison are all playing some fantastic football deep into the autumn of their careers. If we're able to get another matchup like Sunday's in 2017, everyone would sign up immediately.
Republican Sen. Rand Paul called on President Obama to oust their embattled Director of National Intelligence on Tuesday, insisting that James Clapper told a “bald-faced lie” when they assured the Senate the administration was not collecting data on millions of Americans.
Appearing on Fox News' “On the Record with Greta Van Susteren,” the Kentuckian also said that President Barack Obama appears to be “losing the moral authority to lead the nation” based on the plethora of scandals facing their administration.
“The president is really hurting in a big way right now,” said Paul. “We had the IRS scandal. Then they targeted Fox reporters and AP reporters, the Benghazi investigation — no one was fired — and now we have this snooping where their director of national intelligence looks at the Senate and says, ‘I'm not keeping or collecting any Americans' information.”
Clapper was testifying at a March Senate hearing in which they were asked whether the NSA collects any type of data on millions — or hundreds of millions — of Americans.
In recent days Clapper described their earlier response as “the most truthful or least untruthful manner” they could have answered the question.
Paul said they do not believe that Clapper will be able to bridge their credibility gap with lawmakers.
“I don't know how they can regain their credibility when they lied outright to Congress,” said Paul, who cautioned that Americans should not be quick to judge NSA leaker Edward Snowden, who called national attention to NSA's secret surveillance of phone calls and emails.
Paul had previously said that in some ways Snowden performed a “noble gesture,” but they reserved judgment as to whether the 29-year-old should be tracked down and brought to justice or honored for their act of civil disobedience.
© 2019 Newsmax. All rights reserved.
'Nothing Less Than Nixonian': Democrats React To Comey Firing
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Thayer/Getty Images Eric Thayer/Getty Images
Updated at 11:00 p.m. ET
For months, Democrats in Congress have criticized and questioned FBI Director James Comey about their handling of last year's investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server.
Still, they've met President Trump's surprising Tuesday evening decision to fire Comey with near-universal outrage.
The White House and the Justice Department cited Comey's ineffective leadership, but the general gist of Democratic reaction: Trump's decision should be viewed not in light of Comey's past missteps but instead in the context of the FBI's ongoing investigation into Russian meddling in the U.S. election and the Trump transition team's possible ties to Russia.
"The first question the administration has to answer is, why now?" said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer at a hastily arranged Capitol press conference. "If the administration had objections to the way Director Comey handled the Clinton investigation, they had those objections the minute the president got into office. But they didn't fire them then. Why did it happen today?"
Late on Tuesday, Trump replied on Twitter, noting that Schumer themselves had questioned Comey's fitness for the job in comments just prior to the election.
Pointing to the ongoing House and Senate Intelligence committees' Russia investigations, as well as the FBI's probe, Schumer asked, "Were these investigations getting too close to home for the president?"
In near-unanimity, Democrats are calling for a special prosecutor to take charge of the FBI's investigation, which Comey made public earlier this year when testifying in front of the House Intelligence Committee.
"If Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein does not appoint an independent special prosecutor, every American will rightly suspect that the decision to fire Director Comey was part of a cover-up," said Schumer.
(Rosenstein is in charge of the Department of Justice's Russia probe, since Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the investigation.)
"This is nothing less than Nixonian," said Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, a longtime senior Judiciary Committee member, in a statement. "The president's action, and the way it has been handled, is shocking. No one should accept President Trump's absurd justification that they are now concerned that FBI Director Comey treated Secretary Clinton unfairly.
White House Statements READ: White House Documents On Firing Of FBI Director
"Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein now has no choice but to appoint a Special Counsel. Their integrity, and the integrity of the entire Justice Department, are at stake," said Leahy. "There simply is no avoiding the compelling fact that this cascading situation demands the prompt appointment of an independent Special Counsel to pick up the pieces of these investigations."
One key Republican is voicing concerns as well. North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr, chairperson of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said in a statement, "I am troubled by the timing and reasoning of Director Comey's termination. I have found Director Comey to be a public servant of the highest order, and their dismissal further confuses an already difficult investigation by the Committee.
"Director Comey has been more forthcoming with information than any FBI Director I can recall in my tenure on the congressional intelligence committees," Burr added.
Nebraska Republican Sen. Ben Sasse, who chairs the Judiciary Committee's Oversight Subcommittee, also said in a statement that "the timing of this firing is very troubling" and that "the loss of an honorable public servant is a loss for the nation."
But other high-profile Republicans are backing Trump.
Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley, the Republican who chairs the Senate Judiciary Committee, says Comey's actions "have prompted concern from across the political spectrum and from career law enforcement experts."
"The handling of the Clinton email investigation is a clear example of how Comey's decisions have called into question the trust and political independence of the FBI," Grassley said in a statement. "In my efforts to get answers, the FBI, under Comey's leadership, has been slow or failed to provide information that Comey themselves pledged to provide."
Earlier Tuesday, Comey sent a letter to the Judiciary Committee correcting testimony they gave last week, in which they misstated key details about the emails discovered on former New York Rep. Anthony Weiner's personal computer, which prompted Comey to send their October letter.
California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who blasted Comey during that hearing, was notably much more muted than their fellow Democrats Tuesday night. "President Trump called me at 5:30 p.m. and indicated they would be removing Director Comey, saying the FBI needed a change," Feinstein said in a statement. "The next FBI director must be strong and independent and will receive a fair hearing in the Judiciary Committee."
KOCHVILLE TOWNSHIP, MI -- Investigators are making progress in the search for someone who put an emaciated calf in a trash receptacle outside of a Saginaw County business, Saginaw County Sheriff William Federspiel said.
Police were called before 11 a.m. Saturday, Sept. 12, to Gander Mountain, 2270 Tittabawassee, where an employee discovered the live calf weighing 80 to 100 pounds in the trash receptacle, police said.
The U.S. Humane Society plans to offer a $5,000 reward for information about the crime leading to a conviction, Federspiel said.
The owners of the Stanton, Michigan, farm where the calf originated from legally sold the calf in recent weeks, Federspiel said Monday, Sept. 14, and police want to know who bought the animal and how it made it to the dumpster.
The farm in Montcalm County's Stanton is about 65 miles from the Saginaw area.
"They're deeply concerned, very distraught," Federspiel said about the calf's previous owners. "They're saddened by the fact that one of their animals ended up in a dumpster in Saginaw."
Police determined where the calf originated from by its ear tag, Federspiel said.
The previous owners are looking through their records to determine who they sold the calf to, Federspiel said, and are being cooperative in the investigation.
The calf was found emaciated but there were no other obvious signs of abuse, Federspiel said. Federspiel said the calf had a faint pulse and still was breathing when it was removed from the dumpster, but it died before officials from Saginaw County Animal Control and an area veterinary hospital arrived at the scene.
As for a possible motive or theory in the case, Federspiel said they had little information to offer.
"I have no idea what someone's motivation would be, to dump that animal into a dumpster and let it die," they said. "I can't think of any motivation."
The sheriff department's joint investigation with the U.S. Department of Agriculture continues. Federspiel asks anyone with information to contact police.
-- Brad Devereaux is a public safety reporter for MLive/The Saginaw News. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
Cape Town – Moody's has downgraded the credit ratings of South Africa's top five banks, three development finance institutions, certain City Power and Sanral credit ratings, and 10 regional and local governments.
The downgrades follow “the weakening of the South African government's credit profile”, it said in a statement on Monday after the markets closed.
On Friday, rating agency Moody's downgraded both South Africa's local and foreign currency rating to Baa3 from Baa2 and maintained a negative outlook.
The five banks - Standard Bank, FirstRand, Absa, Nedbank and Investec - have now all been downgraded to the same level as the country with the same negative outlook.
Reacting to the latest downgrades, Democratic Alliance finance spokesperson David Maynier told Fin24 that "the negative effects of President Jacob Zuma's 'midnight cabinet reshuffle' are spreading like a disease throughout the economy and have now resulted in the downgrade of the five largest banks in SA".
The rand was not affected by the downgrades and was trading 0.92% stronger against the dollar at 20:40 on Monday. The banks had mixed runs by the close of business and before the Moody's announcement. Barclays Africa (Absa) was up 1.71%, Nedbank was down 1.95%, Standard Bank was up 0.77%, FirstRand (FNB) was up 0.7% and Investec was down 0.68%.
Regarding the development finance institutions, Moody's downgraded the long-term foreign-currency issuer ratings of the Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA), the Industrial Development Corporation of South Africa (IDC) and the long term local- and foreign-currency issuer ratings of the Land and Agricultural Development Bank of South Africa (Land Bank) to Baa3 from Baa2.
Land Bank's local- and foreign-currency and DBSA's foreign-currency short-term issuer ratings were also downgraded to Prime-3 from Prime-2. The outlook on all long-term global scale ratings is negative. At the same time, the rating agency affirmed the Aa1.za/P-1.za national-scale issuer ratings (NSRs) assigned to DBSA and Land Bank.
Regarding the downgrading of the banks, Moody's said the primary driver is the challenging operating environment in South Africa, characterised by a pronounced economic slowdown, and weakening institutional strength that has led Moody's to lower South Africa's macro profile score to “moderate-” from “moderate”.
“The lower macro profile exerts pressure on the individual factors on banks' scorecards, and implies that the country's banks need stronger loss-absorption and liquidity buffers to withstand the headwinds and in order to remain at the same rating levels,” it said.
“The rating agency expects GDP growth of only 0.8% in 2017 and 1.5% in 2018, from 0.3% in 2016, levels significantly below the government's target growth.
“These challenging economic conditions, combined with potentially weaker investor confidence, volatility in asset prices, and higher funding costs will likely pressure banks' earnings and asset quality metrics going forward, and challenge their resilient financial performance so far.
“In addition, the banks' high sovereign exposure, mainly in the form of government debt securities held as part of their liquid assets requirement, links their credit profile to that of the government. The top five banks' overall sovereign exposure, including loans to state-related entities, averages more than 150% of their capital bases, according to South African Reserve Bank's regulatory returns as of March 2017.”
List of 13 South African sub-sovereigns that were affected (including Sanral and City Power):
Downgrades:
Issuer: City Power Johannesburg
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
Issuer: East Rand Water Care Company
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba1 from Baa3
Issuer: The South African National Roads Ag Ltd
ST Issuer Rating, Downgraded to NP from P-3
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba1 from Baa3
Issuer: District Municipality of Amathole
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Issuer: Municipality of Breede Valley
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Issuer: City of Cape Town
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
ST Issuer Rating, Downgraded to P-3 from P-2
Senior unsecured MTN, Downgraded to (P)Baa3 from (P)Baa2
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality of Ekurhuleni
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
ST Issuer Rating, Downgraded to P-3 from P-2
Senior Unsecured MTN, Downgraded to (P)Baa3 from (P)Baa2
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
Issuer: City of Johannesburg
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
ST Issuer Rating, Downgraded to P-3 from P-2
Senior Unsecured MTN, Downgraded to (P)Baa3 from (P)Baa2
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Mangaung
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Issuer: Municipality of Mbombela
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Nelson Mandela
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Baa3 from Baa2
Issuer: Municipality of Rustenburg
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Issuer: City of Tshwane
LT Issuer Rating, Downgraded to Ba2 from Ba1
Affirmations:
Issuer: City Power Johannesburg
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aa1za
Issuer: East Rand Water Care Company
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aa3za
Issuer: The South African National Roads Ag Ltd
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aa3za
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
Issuer: District Municipality of Amathole
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A2za
Issuer: Municipality of Bergrivier
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Ba3
Issuer: Municipality of Breede Valley
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A2za
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
Issuer: City of Cape Town
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aaaza
Senior unsecured MTN, Affirmed Aaaza
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Affirmed Aaaza
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality of Ekurhuleni
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aaaza
Senior Unsecured MTN, Affirmed Aaaza
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Affirmed Aaaza
Issuer: City of Johannesburg
ST Issuer Rating Affirmed P-1za
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aa1za
Senior Unsecured MTN, Affirmed Aa1za
Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Affirmed Aa1za
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Mangaung
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A1za
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
Issuer: Municipality of Mbombela
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A2za
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Nelson Mandela
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed Aa1za
Issuer: Municipality of Rustenburg
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A1za
Issuer: City of Tshwane
LT Issuer Rating, Affirmed A1za
ST Issuer Rating, Affirmed P-1za
Upgrades:
Issuer: Municipality of Bergrivier
LT Issuer Rating, Upgraded to Baa1za from Baa2za
ST Issuer Rating, Upgraded to P-2za from P-3za
Outlook Actions:
Issuer: City Power Johannesburg
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: East Rand Water Care Company
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: The South African National Roads Ag Ltd
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: District Municipality of Amathole
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Municipality of Bergrivier
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Stable
Issuer: Municipality of Breede Valley
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: City of Cape Town
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality of Ekurhuleni
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: City of Johannesburg
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Mangaung
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Municipality of Mbombela
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Nelson Mandela
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: Municipality of Rustenburg
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Issuer: City of Tshwane
Outlook, Changed To Negative From Rating Under Review
Ratings not affected:
Issuer: City of Tshwane
ST Issuer Rating, NP
Issuer: Metropolitan Municipality Mangaung
ST Issuer Rating, NP
Issuer: Municipality of Breede Valley
ST Issuer Rating, NP
Issuer: Municipality of Bergrivier
ST Issuer Rating, NP
SUBSCRIBE FOR FREE UPDATE: Get Fin24's top morning business news and opinions in your inbox
"I yearn to explore the forces that are constantly molding our land."
Tell us about yourself.
​I'm 29 years old.
I'm from Bariloche a town in North Patagonia, Argentina.
I'm a photographer ​and a mom.
Growing up in the Patagonian Mountains vastly enhanced my fascination for nature. I yearn to explore the forces that are constantly molding our land. To contemplate and admire the world around us by recording the way in which things transform into something new, different​.​ Not the landscape, but the road: a wild and hostile environment, untamed by the hand of man; the insignificance of humankind against such infinity.
When and how did the film journey begin for you?
When I was little I used to love to put in order all of our family's negatives, I got ​my first camera back then. When I finished High School I took a photography course and afterwards I joined a photography school.
What Could we always find in your gear bag?
​A kit to clean lenses, ​35 mm, 50 mm, 105 mm and 70 - 300 mm lenses.
My camera or cameras depending on the occasion.
Gear:
Nikon F5
​N​ikon n6006
Hasselblad 500 cm
Polaroid 300 ​
Film ( Kodak Film / 100 200 400 ISO ​ - tmax 100) ​
Memory cards
Levothyroxine pills, ​sun glasses, dippers and wipes for my baby, ​sunblock, ​gloves, a rain cover for my camera, winter hat and lip balm.
I shoot mostly in national parks so I have to be prepared for any unexpected change of weather, very common in Patagonia. ​
Do your photos reveal your feelings?
​Most of the time, yes .
Who are your models?
​The people that appear in my pictures are mostly very close friends, who I have a lot of confidence in and I feel free to shoot.
What inspires you most?
​I consider cold, water, snow and ice to be inexhaustible objects of study. ​I am working on a long term project about this subject.
Do you think you will still be shooting film in 20 years?
To be honest, in the last year I started to use mostly my digital camera, I had a baby and I had less time to develop, scan and copy my pictures. Even though I still use my film camera, I love film, and I love photography, I think I will be always taking pictures in film.
You can find Angeles Peña here:
www.angeles-pena.com
Facebook
Instagram
LibreOffice has been growing by leaps and bounds ever since it sprang up out of its OpenOffice roots back in 2010, with frequent improvements, a veritable horde of developers, and ever-increasing corporate endorsements.
Not long ago I looked at the release of version 3.5.1 of the free and open source office productivity suite, which brought additional stability and security, and this week has brought news that a key, widely sought feature is now officially on the way: collaborative editing.
“One of the last, big missing features in LibreOffice are collaborative editing,” wrote Michael Meeks, a Linux desktop architect at SUSE who coordinates LibreOffice development work, in a Monday blog post announcing the effort.
Based on Instant Messaging
To begin bringing that feature to life, the project's developers have linked code from the Telepathy communications service into the LibreOffice core, allowing them to establish a channel for multidirectional communication over existing instant messaging protocols.
“Telepathy provides a powerful instant messaging framework that allows the creation of abstract 'tubes' that tunnel invisibly over the IM protocol--allowing arbitrary new protocols to piggyback on your existing IM chat,” Meeks explained.
The Jabber protocol, meanwhile, “provides multiuser chat rooms, where the order of messages is defined and consistent,” they added.
The result, depicted with two side-by-side spreadsheets in the video below, is designed to serve as a prototype for further work at this year's Google Summer of Code, in which the Document Foundation will be participating as a mentor organization.
Your browser does not support iframes.
'A Lot of Work'
It's going to be some time before we see this new feature actually make it into a downloadable LibreOffice, of course: “There is a lot of work to turn this into a product,” Meeks admitted.
Still, with each advance LibreOffice makes, there are fewer and fewer reasons to choose any other Microsoft Office alternative.
NOT
Far, far below Nirn, past the lava flows and the still-mining machines of the dwarves, lies the great Clockwork City of Sotha Sil. Two centuries ago, an individual stepped through its nonexistent gates, forever changing it and its residents. From their actions came the Chronographers, the fabricant time-keepers, and watchers of the world. Since those two centuries they have lived in the great voidyards and helipads of their ruined city, silently guarding the world from danger.
But now, deep beneath the Throat of the World, in the most destitute of their outposts, something dangerous is stirring, and the rejected and broken Chronographers of Lull-Mor find that they have no choice but to seek outside help, and once again bring a mortal hero into the depths of the Clockwork City, to stop a mad mystic and their army of twisted experiments from unmaking the very foundations of the world! So once again, descend into the Expanse of Sotha Sil, and once again, turn the Wheels of Lull.
The Wheels of Lull are an enormous, sprawling expansion sized quest mod that serves not just only as a sequel to Sotha Sil Expanded, but ties together almost all my previous Skyrim quest mods, including Aethernautics, Mzark, and even Brhuce Hammar. In it, the player is recruited into the ranks of a rejected Chronographer platoon, and shunted off to the Clockwork City outpost of Lull-Mor, a precariously perched outpost at the edge of Sotha Sil's domain.
Much like Sotha Sil Expanded, the mod gives a focus on puzzle and problem-solving. Featuring five enormous dungeons, with mini-bosses, unique treasures, and plenty of puzzles, you'll have your work cut out for you. The player will find themselves exploring strange new landscapes, from the deepest oceans, to underground forests, to giant foundries, and going up against strange new monsters, while wielding several new weapons, from the Harquebuses of Chronographers, to the great Unwinder of Goveri. They will find themselves dressing themselves in Chronographer robes. WoL also serves as introduction to the stranger side of TES lore, diving into the strange and ridiculous world of TES metaphysics, and will teach players about the Towers, Landfall, and the eponymous Wheels of Lull.
Features:
An expansive main quest, stretched out over seven parts, with puzzles, infiltration, poltergeists, mad science, and butter.
Five dungeons within the main quest, complete with fleshed out boss battles, and massive, unique locations, focusing on nonlinear design, reminiscent of the Legend of Zelda
A new town, complete with extensive characters, moving parts, and little fabricants bugs.
Over seven sidequests within Lull-Mor, once again involving puzzle solving, obstacle courses, and the player's wits, rather than combat. Take to the deep sea, warp along magical gates, and discover the horrors of
Over ten new weapons, from clockwork drills, beam swords, lightning rods, and of course, the favorite of all Chronographers, the Harquebus, early era rifles that accelerate magical bolts.
Several new armors and equipment, from chronographer robes, to life-saving security packs, to heavy suits of powered clockwork armor.
A new race, the deranged and experimentuous fabricants, the living machine-mer of Sotha Sil!
Characters from both SSE and past games reappearing, as well as ones only spoken of in the deepest whispers of lore.
Installation and Playing:
THIS MOD REQUIRES DAWNGUARD AND DRAGONBORN. It won't work without them, so don't try it, and don't complain.
Install with NMM or manually, whichever suits you best, and check the mod off in whatever list thingy you use.
To the start the mod, you must first be level 15. Yes, there are level requirements. You must be level 15 to start, level 30 to finish.
When you meet these requirements, fast travel to any settlement that is open, that is, any settlement besides the main five cities. A strange looking mer will approach you, and your quest will begin.
This mod does not require shouts, but I've found they help enormously. What really helps though, is exploring your environment and getting to know the Chronographers, as many will offer advice or equipment on your quest. Don't be afraid to explore!
You do not need to have played Sotha Sil Expanded or my other mods to understand the plot of this mod, but events and characters will make more sense if you have.
If Llavados doesn't spawn even though you're level 15, travel to Fort Neugrad. By its lake there will be a strange glowing light that you can activate to start the mod. You can do this for quests that would normally be encountered via fast traveling too, such as the Brass Forest and the Bottom of the World.
Compatability and Tips
This mod should be loaded fairly late in your load order. While no significant changes are made, there are some changes made to areas around High Hrothgar, Winterhold, and the Thalmor Embassay, those these changes all work with most major mods. This mod also modifies a few sound files to help with atmosphere, load it after any of those.
Some music mods may also cause strange changes in atmosphere, just expect that.
Changelog:
Credits:
Textures: SaintJiub and crysthala, Cabal,
Meshes: Haishao (especially her), Bretti, Vicn, Mahty, EnaiSiaion, Zoni, Madcat, apenov, Erucci, (((((, Amanassi, m150, InsanitySorrow, xiank, natterforme, Andersh
Voices: Misty Dupree (voice of Subori), Jenn Jennings (voice of Guard 1), RottenDeadite (voice of Medeliu Hammar), Rip Tiduh (voice of Yagrum Bagarn), Cour (voice of Archeron), Hayden Tessman (voice of Llavados), Gabriel Dunn (voice of Avarri and the Stoker), Vulon (voice of the Analyst), Polaris (voice of Memory), Luca Huber (voice of the Cartwright), Alvin Lund (voice of Divayth Fyr), River Kanoff (voice of Guard 2), Zach Pokres (voice of the Skull), Ryan Prizio (Voice of Century Numinar)
Testing: Legionati, Flintlocke, Haishao, /tesg/
Special Thanks: Haishao, MMOXReview, Ryan Prizio for their quick work, all the people who participated in the voice acting auditions.
Additional credits are in the readme!
Contact, Permissions, Etc:
If you've got questions, comments, if I forgot to credit you, bug reports, want to rage at me because I'm way better than you, then feel free to contact me at [email protected] PMing Caithe or anyone else won't help, it'll probably just waste their time and that's not nice.
The original assets contained with may be freely used, provided of course, credit given. Doesn't matter if you don't either, because I will find out. I have eyes and ears EVERYWHERE.
All non-original assets belong to their respective owners, so they decide the permissions of those.
"The Digitals say we come from another star, but so many have forgotten. I have not, for my lineage granted me audience with Memory, and I have spoken with the Wheels of Lull. I have seen proof, as any who come Up during Landfall Season, when the winds die down enough Above that all may make pilgrimage under the banner of Vehk and Vehk. Though many Above have renounced Memory, they too remember."-change description and behavior of some items-fix robes-adds messagebox to some puzzles, tell them to kitten off if they don't have a thing so people will kitten off if they don't have a thing.-change masscroft's fight a bit, mostly just lowering the pit so he'll take their hit faster (really annoying that ragdolled things don't set off trigger zones).-Fixes AI issues, Llavados dying (even though he's IMMORTAL), appearing in places they shouldn't, Archeron not appearing, etc.;-Add an option to go to an area and simply spawn Llavados if they don't spawn at level 15.-Repeated Music Issues fixed-make it so that player doesn't spawn in lava in the Derivative Of Aka
In 1959, as Fidel Castro took power in Cuba and the Cold War raged, 92 Alameda County jail inmates and eight sheriff's deputies, doctors and scientists were selected as part of an experiment to determine how human beings could endure underground for long periods of time in the event of nuclear war.
Related Articles The little-known East Bay nuclear war experiment on Alameda County prisoners Off in the foothills of Dublin, the men, wearing vests with their identification numbers, were placed into a large, half-cylinder-shaped room, 25-feet-wide and 48-feet-long, with open toilets, air conditioning, and shuffleboard, cards and checkers to pass the time. They stayed underground for two weeks.
“There was no standard design for a fallout shelter, so they conducted this experiment,” said Dublin historian Steven Minniear, president of the Dublin Historical Preservation Association, who is writing a book about the city's history and the mysterious Naval Radiological Defense Laboratory that operated on old Camp Parks land.
For more travel coverage from the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond
follow us on Flipboard.
With North Korea and the United States rattling nuclear sabers this month, the Bay Area's concern has stoked reminders of a time when the specter of nuclear war was a constant source of worry. And much of this Cold War history remains around us.
Some relics you can visit, while others are just memories.
The old Dublin test bunker is long gone, Minniear said outside Santa Rita Jail, where sheriff's archives include newspaper clippings and photographs of the odd experiment. One Oakland Tribune article captured a volunteer's diary from the experience.
“Lying beneath the ground, in a hole so to speak, prompts me to think of the futility of man,” the author wrote. “Isn't it ridiculous that man, with all their intelligence, has to use it to learn how to survive from their fellow man.”
In 1958, Oakland officials built the Oakland Civil Defense Control Center to operate as a second City Hall if the downtown building were flattened by a Russian bomb. Inside the 14- to 24-inch thick concrete walls was a 60-kilowatt diesel generator, more than 30 days worth of fuel, water and food, 20 telephones, a kitchen and a control room.
Located beneath Woodminster Amphitheater in Joaquin Miller Park, the long-forgotten, self-contained shelter remains intact, providing mostly storage for the park's maintenance crews.
A reporter and photographer toured the facility, hours before performers rehearsed for the upcoming show “Beauty & the Beast,” above. Dozens of water barrels remain stacked in a stairwell in the large complex, along with a box of crackers and first aid supplies. The light green paint remains, as does the row of phone banks, absent the old receivers, though.
The facility shut down in 1962 when the city's emergency center was moved to the current police headquarters.
There are other former shelters scattered around the East Bay, including the Alameda County sheriff's dispatch center in San Leandro, which still has its enormous doors in the facility built into a hillside. Until about eight years ago, an old shelter underneath the Hayward Plunge was fully stocked with water drums and rations before the city's historical society collected the supplies.
Some remnants are more well-known.
Former Nike missile site SF-88L in the Marin Headlands has been restored and is open to visitors.
From 1953 to 1979, the Army built and operated almost 300 Nike missile sites across the country, designed as the last line of defense against Soviet bombers. About three dozen silos ringed the Bay Area, and many of the concrete shells remain and can be viewed on hikes.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
Atop Mount Umunhum, southwest of San Jose, are the remnants of the 682nd Aircraft Control and Warning squadron headquarters — the Almaden Air Force Station — which was tasked with protecting Central California from a Soviet attack. The base had about 86 buildings, including homes, stores and a bowling alley.
The station closed in 1980, and the Midpeninsula Regional Open Space District acquired the property atop the 3,486-foot peak. One five-story concrete “cube” that housed the station's large radar antenna remains.
Down below in Santa Clara County, as of 1978 there was shelter space for about 1.5 million residents to wait out a nuclear attack, including facilities at Stanford University, Moffett Field and Valley Medical Center.
In San Jose, at least 38 air raid sirens remain scattered around the city. If an attack were probable, the sirens would sound a steady blast for three to five minutes. An imminent attack was three minutes of a “wailing or warbling tone, or series of short blasts.”
One strange shelter was private. In 1962, a developer created the Windsor Square subdivision in Los Altos and pitched to prospective buyers a 50- to 60-person fallout shelter for the neighborhood. Twenty-three property owners paid into the homeowners' assessment to build the $39,000 underground bunker buried in the front yard of a house.
The shelter became an albatross for the city to maintain over the years. In 1977, a neighbor asked the city if they could have a key to the bunker but was turned down. They complained to the City Council, according to a Mercury News article at the time: “Mrs. Smith says they are willing to accept a ‘reasonable answer' for no key, but resents the city's implication that ‘I was not adult enough to have a key.' ”
The current owner of the bunker house pointed to their front lawn when a reporter asked about the fallout shelter, and said it was disclosed when they bought the house as being filled in.
“I was worried that it was not filled in or maybe that someone was living inside it,” they laughed.
In 1982, Contra Costa County's plan in the event of nuclear war was to move the county hub to the Byron Boys Ranch deep in the Delta if Martinez was toast. Following Cold War directives from President Ronald Reagan, the Contra Costa Office of Emergency Services eight-page “Crisis Relocation Plan” had county officials set up “expedient shelters” at the ranch to continue operating the government.
Fallout shelter pamphlets from the 1960s indicate dozens of facilities across Contra Costa to find shelter if you couldn't leave, such as Sunset Mausoleum in Kensington and a Saint Mary's College dorm in Moraga.
But the hysteria was quickly squelched, as public opinion waned for spending public dollars on such measures.
County Hospital medical staff wrote a letter to the feds that they would not take part in emergency war training because it “encourages preparations for a war of catastrophic proportions.” And county supervisors called any population relocation efforts “idiotic,” considering that the plan assumed a two-week notice of a nuclear attack.
Meanwhile, the Concord Naval Weapons Station unofficially housed nuclear weapons, and much of the infrastructure remains. A Los Angeles Times article from the 1980s, citing research by two defense experts, identified the base as one of a half-dozen installations in California at which nuclear weapons were stored.
And there are some Bay Area facilities still in operation, like the Lawrence Berkeley and Lawrence Livermore labs.
Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon.
Sign up for the free PM Report newsletter.
But, as one 1979 Oakland Tribune article declared, fears of a nuclear holocaust began to subside even as the Cold War dragged on with no end in sight.
“People in government haven't wanted to talk about civil defense because that's like the '50s all over again,” Alameda County's civil defense chief said at the time. “They'd rather talk about earthquakes.”
What you can visit
• Alameda County Sheriff's Office archives: Near Santa Rita Jail, the archives are open the third Thursday of the month, but it's best to set up appointments by calling 510-272-6878.
• Former Nike missile site SF-88L: The restored Marin Headlands historic site is run by the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and is open to visitors on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays from 12:30 to 3:30 p.m. On the first Saturday of each month, the facility does a mock operation.
• Remnants of other Nike missile sites can be viewed as well. Visit http://acme.com/jef/nike/ or www.atlasobscura.com/places/nike-missile-site-sf-51.
• Hayward Area Historical Society: The museum and research library are open Wednesday to Sunday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
• Mount Umunhum: Hiking trails will open Sept. 18 to visit the peak and historic “cube.”
• San Jose air raid sirens: At least 38 air raid sirens can be viewed around the city by following this map at http://arcg.is/2wc7OV6.
• Lawrence Livermore Lab: Tours of the facility are held on Tuesdays at 8:30 a.m. and last about 3½ hours. Participants must be at least 18 years old, and the maximum number of visitors is 14.
• Lawrence Berkeley Lab: Tours of the facility are held one Friday per month at 10 a.m. and last about 2½ hours. Participants are recommended to be at least 16 years old.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
• Woodminster Amphitheatre: The fallout shelter is closed, but the sign can be viewed at the theater's main entrance in Joaquin Miller Park. The amphitheater has shows throughout the year.
Electronic Music fans dance to the music during the Winter White Tour headlining David Guetta on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2012, at the Washington Avenue Armory in Albany, N.Y. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union archive) Electronic Music fans dance to the music during the Winter White Tour headlining David Guetta on Thursday, Feb. 2, 2012, at the Washington Avenue Armory in Albany, N.Y. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union archive) Photo: Cindy Schultz Photo: Cindy Schultz Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close Judges's ruling a win for parties at armory 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
Albany
Party on, kids.
A state judge on Thursday temporarily blocked the city from shutting down large dance parties at the Washington Avenue Armory, the first win for the venue in the legal battle over the shows that the city claims transform the building into a massive illegal nightclub.
The order by state Supreme Court Justice Michael Lynch spares a show scheduled for Friday night — "Stuff Your Face With Bass" — after a string of cancellations that the venue's management said threatened to put it out of business.
The stay will be in effect for the duration of the lawsuit — perhaps as long as four months, a city official said.
On March 13, the city Board of Zoning Appeals ruled the parties were not allowed under the armory's zoning, backing an earlier move by code enforcement officials to halt the electronic dance music events — which the city likens to raves — over security and zoning concerns. Codes officials have also cited neighborhood complaints about noise and rowdy crowds that spill outside when they are over.
The armory's management, Albany Basketball and Sports Corporation, contends the shows are legally no different than any other concert, which the venue is allowed to host as an auditorium under its zoning.
The BZA broadly ruled that an auditorium means fixed seating, not a wide-open general admission area. Armory lawyers sued disputing the point.
"In all frankness," Lynch wrote, "it is difficult to discern the security difference arising from a concert where patrons are assigned fixed seating, compared to a general assembly concert."
"We haven't won the war, but we've finally won a battle," armory lawyer Gregory Teresi said. "Hopefully, after seeing this decision, the city will be finally willing to talk about trying to make this work for everybody. We need them to be partners with us on this. And as of right now, they haven't been willing to do that."
But Jeffery Jamison, commissioner, of the Department of Buildings and Regulatory Compliance, said they believed Lynch's decision erred by referencing security provisions of previous operating agreement between the city and venue that has since been voided and "which was no longer a point of contention within this specific suit."
"The application before the court was strictly on the BZA decision," which was about zoning, not security, Jamison said.
The dispute stems from an Oct. 18 incident outside one of the events when some party-goers fought with police, slightly injuring three officers and netting a number of arrests. The armory subsequently revamped its entrance and security procedures — as well as how it serves alcohol.
"We're proud of everybody involved, and we thank the ticket-holders and the people looking to go to the show for being patient, and we hope to see them (Friday night)," armory spokesperson Michael Corts said. "We will fight to keep our doors open."
A photo from Election Day of traditional Russian wooden nesting dolls depicting Vladimir Putin, Hillary Clinton, and Donald Trump. Kirill Kudryavtsev/AFP/Getty Images
The Russian Army's official clothing boutique in Moscow is marking the inauguration of Donald Trump by extending a 10 percent discount to all American citizens and employees of the U.S. Embassy. The store offers a full line of chic patriotic gear, including a T-shirt depicting a Russian soldier with a huge gun peeking out of a Christmas tree, a blue camo-print tie, and a leather bomber jacket embroidered with a missile.
In an interview with state-run Russian news site Sputnik News, a representative for the store said, “All of American buyers are very friendly and enjoy the discounts; nobody is making jokes about Trump's peculiar ties with Russia.” The store advertised the promotion with this poster:
Russian Trumpophilia could also be seen Friday in expressions of joy from some Russian politicians. The populist, nationalist, fascist Vladimir Zhirinovsky—as close to a Russian version of Trump as there is—was quoted as calling Trump “a lucky bird,” a reference to a kind of traditional wooden toy that some Russians hang in their homes for good fortune. Separately, a Moscow city councilman named Ernest Makarenko tweeted their well wishes: “Congratulations, Donald, you have earned this. Ahead are eight long and important years. I believe you can do it,” they wrote in Russian. Earlier, they had tweeted a video still of Trump taking the oath and annotated it as follows: “That's it! Trump is president! The U.S. is ours!”
The AP reports there were celebrations in real life as well:
About 100 Trump sympathizers, nationalists and spin doctors gathered at a trendy loft just a few hundred meters away from the Kremlin to celebrate Friday, with a triptych of Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin and French nationalist politician Marine Le Pen in the center of the hall.
An hour before Trump took the stage in Washington, the sound of opening champagne bottles echoed in the vaulted hall. The party was co-sponsored by the conservative Tsargrad TV channel, which is led by ultra-right ideologue Alexander Dugin.
Dugin is the founder of Russia's Eurasia Party and a proponent of a so-called Neo-Eurasianism, which imagines Russia standing up to the West as part of a massive new geopolitical force. Dugin once wrote that Russia needs an “authentic, real, radically revolutionary and consistent fascism.”
Image: Peter K. Levy/Flickr
Government officials haven't stopped complaining about how the rise of encryption is becoming an ever-growing problem that's threatening to make life harder for investigators trying to catch criminals and terrorists.
But the little official data that's publicly available keeps countering that narrative. Once again, for the second straight year, the number of times state or federal wiretaps that encountered encryption decreased, though cops and feds couldn't break encryption in more cases (11) than ever, according an annual government report called Wiretap Report.
The FBI calls it the "going dark issue" and the feds have fought it publicly for years now, with the battle intensifying in the last two years. The issue was highlighted in the high-profile Apple vs FBI case, where the FBI wanted the company's help getting into the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooting suspects. US government officials have often alluded to cases where encryption thwarted investigations. But some of those have been debunked, or were vague enough that could not be verified.
The Wiretap Report is the only official government report that publishes data on the issue, though it only covers the interception of communications, not cases where investigators could not break into a phone like in the recent case against Apple.
In 2015, out of a total of 4,148 wiretaps, according to the new data published on Thursday, "the number of state wiretaps in which encryption was encountered decreased from 22 in 2014 to 7," and "six federal wiretaps were reported as being encrypted." In 11 of those 13 wiretaps, however, authorities could not get the data.
The number of times state or federal wiretaps that encountered encryption decreased, though cops and feds couldn't break encryption in more cases (11) than ever.
So how big of an issue encryption really is? That, unfortunately, is a little unclear.
Both FBI director James Comey, and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, argued last year that the Wiretap Report is not a good indicator.
Yates said that the Wiretap Report only reflects number of interception requests "that are sought" and not those where an investigator doesn't even bother asking for a wiretap "because the provider has asserted that an intercept solution does not exist."
"Obtaining a wiretap order in criminal investigations is extremely resource-intensive as it requires a huge investment in agent and attorney time," Yates wrote, answering questions from the the chairperson of the Senate's Judiciary Committee, Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA). "It is not prudent for agents and prosecutors to devote resources to this task if they know in advance that the targeted communications cannot be intercepted."
That's why Comey promised the agency is working on improving data collection "to better explain" the problem with encryption when data is in motion.
It's unclear then these new, improved numbers will come out. Until then, all we have is the feds' tenuous claims, and the Wiretap Report's dwindling numbers.
UPDATE, June. 30, 5:00 p.m. ET: After this story was published, an FBI spokesperson echoed the arguments of Comey and Yates, saying the Wiretap Report numbers "should not be surprising: agents now recognize when they are likely to encounter encryption and do not waste their time on fruitless endeavors."
The spokesperson added that "a better representation" of the going dark problem is the number of devices that the Computer Analysis Response Team (CART) and Regional Computer Forensic Laboratory (RCFL), the FBI teams that help state and local police with technical requests, have been unable to unlock due to being encrypted.
"Over the 6-month period from October 1, 2015 – March 31, 2016, approximately 4,000 devices were submitted for digital forensic analysis. About 500 of those could not be unlocked," FBI spokesperson Christopher Allen said.
Author's Note: Over my next few posts here on Rockies Zingers, I'll be examining the philosophy of the organization in regards to developing pitching prospects. Saturday started with part one, where our discussion centered on park factors and the environments in which the Rockies develop their young arms. Part two is upon us now, and looks into the organization philosophy of ground ball pitching and its overall effectiveness.
Ever since the Colorado Rockies entered Major League Baseball as a member of the National League in 1993, a lot has been made of the advantages given to hitters, mainly due to the altitude and thin Rocky Mountain air. With the addition of the humidor in 2003, that was supposed to assist in evening that advantage out, and in some ways it did, but not quite as dramatically as what may have been intended. As such, with baseballs continuing to fly in, around, and out of Coors Field, the team took what would seem to be a very logical step in philosophy. Pitch to contact, induce ground balls, create more outs and limit the balls being hit safely.
Unfortunately, Rockies fans haven't been given many opportunities to see successful pitchers, mostly living through mediocre performances. Clearly, the free agent method of acquiring pitchers hasn't been the most successful with those large contracts given to Denny Neagle or Mike Hampton. It is fair to Neagle and Hampton to mention they were fly ball pitchers, which doesn't bode real well for pitching in Coors Field on a regular basis. What's the alternative? Well, the Rockies have to grow their arms from within. The team has to adopt a pitching philosophy that it can teach and used to develop home grown talent year after year; fortifying what would otherwise be a weakness to a team.
The Rockies have attempted to develop these pitchers utilizing the asupervisorstioned ground ball pitching technique. In theory, it makes sense. If a hitter is spraying balls on the ground, the majority won't make it out of the infield and therefore will result in outs, keeping runners off the bases and runs off the scoreboard. That said, before we label anyone a mastermind or baseball savant, it doesn't take too many sinkers that don't sink to get launched around the park and a few runs to be scored, so execution is really the point of emphasis here.
Before we sink our teeth into the Rockies specific information, let's investigate ground ball pitching. From our friends at Fangraphs, pitchers with high ground ball rates may give up more total hits, but fewer extra base hits. Being that a ground ball has a degree of difficulty higher than a fly ball, it is easier to result in a hit. As I mentioned though, a ball on the ground is less likely to go for extra bases. The reverse is also true. A fly ball is easier to field typically, but can result in extra bases more so than a ground ball. Fangraphs provides a chart that shows us historically that grounders make up 44% the league-average batted ball breakdown, and then points out to us that ground ball pitchers should see that percentage above 50. (Remember that, it'll come in handy later. I promise.)
Now, throwing those ground balls requires a pitcher to trust the defense playing behind him, something that has been working in the Rockies favor, especially when Troy Tulowitzki and Nolan Arenado are playing on the left side of the infield. This has been a huge factor with Arenado out with injury. The otherwise stellar defense has taken a step back. The top notch defense those two and their comrades on the other side can provide when healthy minimizes the damage the ground balls that turn into hits provide. Being able to turn the double play if a mistake is made or a walk is issued is pivotal towards limiting the advancement of the base runners.
Getting back to the Rockies' pitchers specifically, Patrick Saunders wrote for the Denver Post on April 27th about the sinkerball being added to pitchers' repertoires. Saunders wrote:
“…Inducing groundballs has become an essential part of the Rockies' baseball bible. “Thou Shall Throw Sinkers” has become one of the “absolute” commandments of manager Walt Weiss and their coaches… It's not a coincidence that throwing a sinker has become a primary tool for right-handers Tyler Chatwood, Jhoulys Chacin, Jordan Lyles and LaTroy Hawkins — and to a growing extent, Juan Nicasio.”
The sinker is an effective pitch when trying to force a grounder due to its tendency to sink, for lack of a better term. Getting an extra bit of drop compared to a normal fastball will cause hitters to drive the ball into the ground. The below pitch frequency map from ESPN Stats & Info shows us the location in the strike zone of ground ball inducing pitches from the 2014 season. You can see that the majority of those are coming from pitches thrown in the middle to lower half of the strike zone. Keeping the ball low is exactly the premise for this philosophy.
The sinker, shown below, moves that location even a bit further south. This reinforces the idea that sinker causes extra drop, forcing more hitters into chopping down at it and spraying it into the grass. Now, that said, we can play the extreme sample size card with this heat map, as only ten pitches are being displayed. It becomes tough to put a lot of stock in ten ground balls inducing pitches, but it does lend some credence to the idea that the sinker is an optimal ground ball pitch.
We have the basic premises that the Rockies wish to induce ground balls and the main tool of doing so is by throwing sinkers. We have the idea that the more ground balls induced, the fewer runs that are given up. The question remaining is then, “Is this idea working for the Rockies?”
Team Percentage Pittsburgh 51.4% Los Angeles 50.7% Houston 49.3% Colorado 49.0% Arizona 48.8%
The chart above shows the top 5 teams in Major League Baseball in terms of Ground Ball percentage entering play on June 30th. The Rockies come in 4th, with a percentage of 49.0%, good for four percent more than the historical league average. It's safe to conclude from that data that the Rockies are utilizing a ground ball friendly approach. Unfortunately, it isn't frequent enough to get above that 50% mark I asked you to remember earlier, and the Rockies overall pitching numbers reflect that, ranking last in the league in ERA, home runs allowed per nine innings, and essentially near the bottom of every generally accepted pitching statistic. The Rockies aren't inducing enough ground balls, are still getting caught too high in the zone resulting in fly balls, and are walking to many batters, resulting in free bases.
What's the remedy? Well, for one, the pitching staff needs to get healthy. With Brett Anderson, Tyler Chatwood, Jordan Lyles, and Boone Logan all on the DL and prospect Eddie Butler joining them, the Rockies are utilizing some pitchers they were not expecting to be counting upon. Some of these pitchers may not have finished developing their own sinker or groundball pitch. Some of them have struggled with command, missing the plate or getting too much of it resulting in walks or mistake hits for the opposition. A return to the healthy pitching staff the front office was counting on could bring some of those numbers back to shore. The other solution is to execute better. While it may result in a higher BABIP number, the reality is the team still isn't pitching to enough contact and forcing those ground balls. They're limiting their own effectiveness and putting themselves in precarious positions. Lastly, we go back to the piece by Patrick Saunders regarding the use of the sinker, and reference the above heat map showing it isn't inducing as many ground balls as conventional wisdom would point out. Pitching coach Jim Wright should be held accountable for these things moving forward. If the organization philosophy isn't being executed as it fully should be, some changes may be on the horizon.
Look for the Rockies to continue emphasizing the ground ball in the coming years. As more and more pitching talent enters the system, it would not be of much surprise to allow some freedoms to the higher ranking prospects who may not require much retooling. This could result in the team getting away from ground ball pitching, but as far as the current administration is concerned, the onus is on the here and now for the philosophy to show that it can work and be successful.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Tumblr
Massachusetts Single-Family Homes and Condos Hit The Highest Ever Median Sale Price
June Marks Third-Highest Number of Single Family Homes Sold
BOSTON, July 26, 2016 – The median sale price of a single-family home in June reached $372,000, the highest monthly median in Massachusetts' history, according to a new report from The Warren Group, publisher of Banker & Tradesman. August 2005 held the previous record with a median sale price of $370,000.
The June median sale price of $372,000 is 1.9 percent above the median in the same month last year. Year-to-date prices also remained relatively flat, with a median sale price of $339,000, up 1.2 percent from the same period in 2015.
The median condominium sale price also hit a record at $345,000, a 4.5 percent increase from $330,000 in June 2015. Year-to-date, condo prices are up 3.5 percent to a median sale price of $321,000, compared with $310,000 in the same time period last year.
“Sales in Massachusetts are starting to hit their peak,” said Timothy M. Warren Jr., CEO of The Warren Group. “There have been double-digit percent gains every month for 13 straight months. The summer months are always the strongest for closings with July usually the biggest month. Even with prices at record highs, home buyers will still be out closing deals at a high rate.”
The number of single-family homes sold rose 14.9 percent in June, to a total of 7,387, compared with 6,430 in June of 2015. This was the third highest number of sales in a single month since The Warren Group began its current method of data compilation in 1987. Year-to-date, sales were up 24.2 percent, with 26,941 homes sold in the first half of 2016 compared with 21,688 sold during the same time last year.
Condominium sales for the month rose by 2.3 percent, with 2,828 condos sold compared with 2,764 sold in June of 2015. This marked the 13th consecutive month of increases in condo sales. Year-to-date, condo sales increased by 14.3 percent to 10,673 condos sold compared with 9,337 in the same time frame last year.
The Warren Group offers a range of real estate products, information services and printed publications, including Banker & Tradesman and The Commercial Record. The company also presents and organizes trade shows and events for a variety of industries, including bankers, mortgage brokers, credit unions and lawyers. Based in Boston, the company was established in 1872 and is now in its fourth generation of family ownership and management. For more information about The Warren Group, visit www.thewarrengroup.com.
Roberto Martinez joins England on World Cup 2014 casualty list after their accreditation is removed for letting someone else use it
Roberto Martinez allowed their accreditation to be used by someone else who wanted to watch Holland train
FIFA have taken action against Martinez by removing their tournament accreditation
Everton manager Roberto Martinez has joined the England team on the World Cup casualty list by having their tournament accreditation taken away.
FIFA took action against Martinez, who is working as a pundit for American channel ESPN, after they allowed their accreditation to be used by someone else who wanted to watch Holland train.
The FIFA pass is strictly non-transferable with the terms and conditions that the Spaniard would have signed before receiving the accreditation informing them it could be withdrawn for regulation breaches.
VIDEO Scroll down for Van Persie entertains player's children after Holland training
Enjoying himself: Roberto Martinez poses during a Holland training session in Rio at the start of the World Cup
Picking up tips: The Everton manager watched the Holland session alongside Dutch coach Ruud van Nistelrooy
The transgression took place last week and is understood to have been spotted by security at Holland's Rio practice facility at the Flamengo Sports Club.
There would be extra sensitivity about the real Martinez being at Dutch training in any case with Holland manager Louis van Gaal becoming a Premier League rival next season as the new manager of Manchester United.
Scouting: Martinez got the chance to see the methods of future Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal
And it's understood Martinez had received an invitation to visit the Dutch camp from fellow ESPN TV analyst Ruud van Nistelrooy, who is about to join the Holland coaching team.
Neither FIFA nor ESPN made any comment about Martinez, who can only be used as a studio analyst on their Copacabana set as they cannot gain entry to stadiums or training grounds.
Mistaken identity: Martinez allowed someone else to use their accreditation, resulting in its removal
England and Everton will want central defender John Stones to sort out their representation conflict as soon as possible with the youngster one of the few players to enhance their reputation this summer while training with the team in the Algarve and Miami before coming home.
The 20-year-old's agent, Georgina Lillis, daughter of former Huddersfield midfielder Mark, has started legal proceedings against WMG for allegedly attempting to entice Stones away.
The fall-out has seen Stones delay signing a new contract with Everton until October when their contract with Lillis's Star Management expires.
Resolved: Everton and England want promising defender John Stones to sort out their representation
FIFA president Sepp Blatter, who is rarely on camera during matches to avoid being booed by the crowd, is nevertheless confident enough about their besieged position to be seen having breakfast with their nephew Philippe Blatter in Rio's Copacabana Hotel.
There have long been allegations of nepotism against Blatter with their relative, the CEO of Infront Media, looking after FIFA's media rights in Asia, including China and India, as well as the host broadcaster.
Date: FIFA president Sepp Blatter was had breakfast with their nephew Philippe in the Copacabana Hotel
A group of fans who appeared to jump out of wheelchairs while watching Brazil in the opening game are being investigated by police for ticket fraud.
It transpires a renowned British tour operator has been boasting about having tickets reserved for the disabled for at least one of the matches and also claims they did a runner from a Brazil hospital to avoid paying the medical fees.
Not under suspicion, however, are BAC Sport, who have achieved the notable double of looking after the Rooneys' travel in Brazil as well as a lot of the English media who have been focusing their attention on Wayne.
Chauffeuring: BAC Sport have been looking after the Rooneys' travel around Brazil
Noboby keen on Villa
Aston Villa, whose chief executive Paul Faulkner paid their own way to Brazil rather than freeload as an FA board member, have found little interest in anyone wanting to buy the club at owner Randy Lerner's £200m asking price.
The botched bid to find a new Royal Ascot chief executive, which is more than six months behind schedule, is said to include offering the job to former LTA chief Roger Draper.
It's understood the salary didn't impress them after their old role paid £640,000 per year.
Botched: Royal Ascot failed to convince former LTA chief Roger Draper to be their chief executive
England's exit after two games hasn't stopped Culture Secretary Sajid Javid, who has shown little interest in sport since joining the Cabinet, travelling to Belo Horizonte for tomorrow's meaningless match.
A DCMS spokesperson said Javid was already committed to meetings.
The dead rubber in Belo Horizonte is bad news for Elmo, a ball boy for England's 1950 World Cup exit against the United States, who is seemingly always available for interview.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama — A lady always knows when to take them leave.
Susannah Mushatt Jones—known to their family as “Tee” and to others as “Miss Susie”—stayed longer than most. One hundred sixteen years, three hundred and eleven days, to be exact. This granddaughter of former slaves and daughter of sharecroppers was the last living American born in the 19th century. They lived long enough to see women vote, the first black family move into the White House and their relative Helenor T. Bell become Hayneville, Alabama's first African-American mayor.
Much has been written about Miss Susie, who had no biological children of their own but nurtured those of their siblings, raised more than a few as a nanny up north, and claimed over 50 godchildren. It might be tempting to reduce their story to a few lines about their taste for bacon or affinity for fine underpinnings. The widespread attention and accolades they received for longevity were also a well-deserved crown.
But Miss Susie—who was born July 6, 1899, and died May 12—didn't just exist. According to Reverend Al Sharpton, “her quiet activism and fighting spirit summarize their legacy best.”
A strong will got them out of Hayneville's fields and persuaded their parents to send them to The Calhoun School, a boarding school for African-American women—when education for their race and gender was a rare privilege. When the prospect of studying at Tuskegee Institute proved too expensive, Miss Susie headed north during the Great Migration in search of better opportunities. They sent money home to their family and church and founded the Calhoun Club, which provided scholarships that made it possible for other students to attend college.
Toward the end of their life, after having lived in New Jersey and then in New York for decades, they simply wanted to go home. An airline offered to fly their there, niece Lois Mushatt Judge said, but by then Miss Susie was too frail to travel.
But when they died they brought them back to the Black Belt, for a final drive in a fine, white Cadillac coach. As it made its way slowly down Highway 21 South on Saturday, neighbors not only slowed down, they pulled off the road to let the funeral procession pass.
They drove past the grand courthouse in the town square. Past the deserted farmers' market and Rebel Field, over four bridges and beyond the swamplands, pastures and mossy trees lining County Road 33. Past the road renamed in Miss Susie's memory—the road that leads to family land and The Calhoun School (now a modern high school).
They brought them over the red clay and gravel lane lined with lavender and yellow wildflowers to Greater Mount Olive A.M.E. Zion Church. They came from New York, Virginia, Kentucky, Indiana, Florida, California, and beyond—to bear witness to their life, to share how they touched them, to thank them for urging them to better themselves through education, and for helping them to do so with their own hard-earned money. They gathered to remember how their beloved Tee commanded the attention of the world, just by continuing to breathe.
It was a celebration fit for a queen.
The church's cut glass chandeliers and scarlet-paned windows cast a warm glow as the Mushatt family was seated and the hymn “When Peace, Like a River” soared from the choir.
Under a blanket of pink roses and lilies, a closed, pink casket with rose-gold accents rested, flanked by the American and Christian flags.
Miss Susie was finally home.
“Some things you just don't rush through,” remarked Reverend Ezekiel Washington, to a chorus of amens.
“A whole century,” they said, “and we are honored to be here as a witness.”
Beneath a kneeling, stained glass Jesus, the choir's harmony lifted skyward as they began “It Is Well with My Soul” without musical accompaniment. But this was no somber occasion. Their voices soon shook the sanctuary with tambourine and syncopated hand clapping as the pews rocked and hands flung up to God.
“I want to be reeeeeady, when Jesus comes,” the soloist intoned.
“Will you be ready?” Reverend Washington asked, solemn in their black robe. “No man knows the day or the hour,” they continued. “Don't let Him catch you with your work undone.
“We must live as Susannah lived,” they said. “We must love as they loved.”
That love was evident, from tributes that followed from their loved ones. In another time, Miss Susie might have been a teacher. Instead they taught by example, through the dignity and resolve of hard work and their desire to ensure that anyone who wanted to go to school, could.
“She believed you would not make it without an education,” niece Dr. Lavilla Mushatt Watson said. “These women and men came out of the fields and they knew education was the answer.
“That is still true today,” they added. “At the end of the 20th century, the Calhoun Club they and their classmates founded to raise scholarship money had 200 chapters still in existence all over the country.”
Other relatives recalled Miss Susie's feisty spirit. To a person they recalled a strong, determined woman of faith who spoiled them with care packages, always sent Christmas presents and passed them birthday money in pill boxes.
The Andrews sisters—three of five children who were cared for by Miss Susie in New York—wept as they remembered the love they showed them and their abrupt removal from their lives.
“When Susie left us, my twin Jane and I were 8. I remember I felt so bereft,” Joan Andrews said.
Andrews searched for Mushatt Jones and found them working a short distance away and begged them to return.
“She never told me why they left. They wouldn't do that to our mother,” Andrews said. “Sixty years later I found out my mother let them go because they were so close to our brother.
“Susie used to say the color of your skin is only skin deep. We never knew prejudice,” Andrews, who is white, said, their voice brimming with emotion.
“Spiritually, they were the mother of many children. They gave without consideration for race, color or creed,” said Pastor Timothy Silmon of Big Union Christian Church. “She sent children to college because of God's love.
“Can you imagine: all your siblings gone, all your friends gone, and the people you grew up with, gone?” they asked. “When all else fails all you have is family. Thank God they didn't forsake her.”
The service lasted two hours. Miss Susie's remains were carried to their final resting place at Big Union Christian Church's cemetery, and placed several yards from where their parents were buried.
“She was surprised at how long they lived,” said niece Lois Mushatt Judge. “She'd ask, ‘Why am I still living?'
“‘You still have a story to tell,' we said.”
Just outside the green tent shielding the family from the Alabama sun, grandnephew Russell Watson said they hope their baby daughter—Miss Susie's namesake—has inherited their aunt's compassion and strength.
“Every time I'd see them they said they wanted to go home,” they said.
“Tee, you're home.”
Scottish green energy pioneers say the development of their revolutionary wave turbine machine is being blocked by the threat of legal action from the Crown Estate.
Renewable Devices Marine's trial of Capricorn in the Firth of Forth went “exceptionally well,” according to entrepreneur Dr David Anderson.
They said: “It exceeded all of our expectations, and we proved that small-scale turbines costing as little as £45,000 can power communities across Scotland.
“That is, if the Crown Estate stops hindering the development of these small commercial turbines.”
Dr Anderson and colleague Dr Charlie Silverton invested £250,000 on progressing the project to prototype trials in the Forth.
Their seven metre-wide tidal stream turbine was towed from South Queensferry and tethered to float off the seabed.
They saw how it can produce green and, they believe, cost-effective electricity.
They now want to create a full-scale Capricorn machine for commercial use, producing enough electricity for 1,000 homes.
Arrays of up to 30 of the devices could create “tide” farms, they say, generating electricity more efficiently than offshore windfarms.
Dr Anderson said shoreline property owners including Lord Rosebery all helped with river access for the trials.
The Crown Estate, the agency that controls the seabed, was not well disposed, they said, and wanted a fee of £79,000.
“They tried to block the launch and are threatening to take legal action against us,” they continued.
“They claimed they own a tiny bit of land under the end of the pier and are accusing us of going over the boundary by six inches.
“How can they promote the idea that they help the marine renewable industry in Scotland, while charging fees and blocking progress.”
The Crown Estate said it supports the wave and tidal energy industry but Capricorn's developers were unwilling to provide information about their device.
“If they do intend to use areas we manage, we would ask that they start providing us with some basic information,” a spokesperson added.
Imagine a world where your vintage vehicle doesn't leave lakes of oil and plumes of smoke everywhere it goes. E-Drive Retro can turn that gas-guzzling vintage vehicle into a clean, green electric machine. The company has developed a plug-in electric drivetrain of its own design that can replace the internal combustion drivetrain of cars built from the 1950s through and 1970s. The company's goal is to create a whole new category of cars: Electric Vehicle Classic Car Conversion.
Enthusiasts have been converting vintage cars to run on electricity for years. Some did it for the fun of it, like the 1972 Datsun 1200 that became the drag racing White Zombie. Some did it because for decades commercially available electric cars were few and far between. Lightweight vintage Porsches were popular conversion cars, as were old Volkswagen Beetles.
But e-Drive Retro says it can swap out a gasoline engine for an electric drivetrain without changing the original driving feel or the look of the car. Prep for the conversion includes 3D scanning of the car to fit the new drivetrain precisely into the sometimes quirky space provided by a vintage car. The drivetrain is modeled, fabricated, and 3D printed as necessary and then installed in the car.
The company doesn't stop at electrifying the car, though; it also promises to "future-proof" your vintage car. The proprietary control system adds sensors, wireless technology, and Big Data capabilities that allow for updates and performance monitoring.
What's the catch? Well, for now anyway, e-Drive Retro's services are only available in northern Europe. The company is based in Helsinki, Finland, so if you can get your car there, you can swap that cranky, old combustion engine for a new emissions-free EV without losing a single style point.
(Newser) – Domestic abuse suspects are walking free in northeast Kansas because different arms of government can't agree on who should pay for their prosecution. Last night, Topeka's city council took the startling step of repealing the local law that makes domestic violence a crime, the New York Times reports. The move is aimed at making sure the city isn't stuck with the bill for domestic violence cases, which councilors say the county will now have to prosecute under state law—but the county DA, citing budget shortfalls, stopped pursuing domestic assault and other misdemeanor cases a month ago. “We had hoped that they would not put that group of victims at risk, that they would find some other way to absorb the cuts,” said a county official.
"I absolutely do not understand it," the director of the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence said after the vote. "It's really outrageous that they're playing with family safety to see who blinks first. People could die while they're waiting to straighten this out." Since early September, there have been at least 35 reported incidents of domestic battery or assault and 18 suspects have been freed without charge because the cases against them were not pursued, the AP finds. (Read more Topeka, Kansas stories.)
Apple has lost a jury trial in the patent hotspot of East Texas. Late Monday, a jury in Marshall reached a verdict that Apple must pay $23.6 million for infringing patents once owned by a Mississippi pager company. The verdict, while large, is only about 10 percent of what lawyers for Mobile Telecommunications Technology LLC (MTel) were asking for.
According to a Bloomberg report on the case, Mobile Telecommunications was a wireless messaging pioneer in the 1990s when these patents were filed. The patents were used in its SkyTel 2-way paging system. Now, MTel is a licensing company controlled by United Wireless Holdings, which operates the SkyTel paging system for use by first responders and doctors.
"The guys working back then at SkyTel were way ahead of their time,” United Wireless CEO Andrew Fitton told Bloomberg. "This is vindication for all their work." Fitton is also CEO of Hartmann Capital, a London investment bank.
Apple denied the allegations of patent infringement and said MTEL was trying to take credit for everything from emoji to calendar invites. It argued the patents were invalid when they were issued in the 1990s, and the company said that if the jury did find them valid, it should have to pay at most $1 million.
“Not common sense”
“A damage award of $237 million is not common sense. It's not logical,” Apple's lawyer, Brian Ferguson of Weil Gotshal, said during closing arguments.
"This case is about fairness," said MTel's lawyer, Deron Dacus. "Apple is refusing to acknowledge the contributions of others."
While MTel's executives describe it as part of an operating company, its business model is very similar to the types of patent companies known as "non-practicing entities" or "patent trolls."
Since 2012, MTel has sued Amazon, AT&T, Blackberry, Clearwire, Leap Wireless, LG Electronics, Sprint Nextel, HTC, ZTE, T-Mobile, Samsung, and United Parcel Service. Most of those litigations were filed in the Eastern District of Texas and are still ongoing. Samsung is scheduled for a jury trial in the same Marshall courtroom on December 15.
Apple didn't comment on the trial results. It's common for jury verdicts in patent cases to be appealed.
MTel's original complaint (PDF) against Apple accused the company of infringing seven patents, but the case was narrowed to six by trial. Apple's iMessage features and e-mail apps were accused of violating the patents. The $237 million damage demand represented a royalty of about $1 per product for the iPhones, iPads, and iPod Touch products that were accused of infringing.
The patents-in-suit were numbers 5,809,428, 5,754,946, 5,894,506, 5,590,403, 5,659,891 and 5,915,210. Some of the patents have expired, but holders of expired patents are still allowed to ask for up to six years of back royalty payments.
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory, putatively autoimmune disease, estimated to affect more than 2 million people worldwide. It affects young adults, especially women. For the large majority of patients it is characterized in its early stages by inflammatory demyelination of the CNS, a phase of the disease that is called relapsing-remitting (RR). In addition, a neurodegenerative process causes irreversible loss of neurologic function, leading to the so-called primary or secondary progressive (PP or SP) MS phenotypes. Disease-modifying therapies (DMT) targeting inflammation have been shown to reduce the disease activity in patients with RRMS, by decreasing the accumulation of lesions detected by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), the frequency of clinical relapses and, to a lesser extent, slow down the progression of disability as compared to placebo, or, more recently, to standard injectable therapies. However, there are currently no medications that can effectively treat the SPMS phase of the disease; also, some patients with RRMS have an aggressive course and do not respond to conventional DMT. It should be noted that we do not have predictive markers to identify patients who will develop aggressive MS early in the disease and that some patients may obtain long-lasting benefit from currently used drugs.
Against this scenario, immunoablative therapy followed by autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (aHSCT) has been investigated for the past two decades to manage severe and treatment-refractory MS [1 Reston JT, Uhl S, Treadwell JR, et al. Autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for multiple sclerosis: a systematic review. Mult Scler J. 2011;17:204–213.]. The target of this treatment is the eradication of self-reactive abnormal immune system by intense immunosuppression, followed by the infusion of autologous hematopoietic stem cells aimed at restoring the hemato-lymphopoietic system. The premise of aHSCT is that it produces an ‘immune reset', whereby the aberrantly overactive immune system is eliminated by intense immunosuppression, and a more tolerant immunity arises, devoid of or with better control of any disease-inducing cells. Early clinical trials of high-dose immunosuppressive therapy were conducted in patients with advanced disabilities and progressive forms of MS. Many patients continued to lose neurologic function, consistent with the contribution of noninflammatory factors to progressive neurodegeneration. Almost all the studies evaluating aHSCT in MS were observational cohort studies; only one comparative phase II randomized clinical trial assessing the effect of aHSCT versus Mitoxantrone in aggressive RR or SPMS patients has been published (ASTIMS trial) [2 Mancardi GL, Sormani MP, Gualandi F, et al. Autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in multiple sclerosis: a phase II trial. Neurology. 2015;84:981–988.]. Despite the lesser number of subjects enrolled (n = 21) and some methodological limitations [2 Mancardi GL, Sormani MP, Gualandi F, et al. Autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in multiple sclerosis: a phase II trial. Neurology. 2015;84:981–988.], the results were positive for aHSCT, which reduced by 79% the number of new T2 lesions appearing over 4 years as compared to mitoxantrone (p = 0.00016). Patients enrolled in the ASTIMS trial were mostly progressive patients (67%).
The more recent experience with aHSCT indicates that the therapy may be more successful if instituted in the earlier inflammatory stages of MS [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]. Three recent studies of aHSCT in patients with RRMS have been published: the 3-year interim analysis of the high-dose immunosuppression and AutoLogous Transplantation for Multiple Sclerosis trial [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.]; a single-center patient cohort enrolled and treated at Northwestern University [4 Burt RK, Balabanov R, Han X, et al. Association of nonmyeloablative hematopoietic stem cell transplantation with neurological disability in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. JAMA. 2015;313:275.] (Burt, JAMA 2015) and a 4-year follow up of the Swedish multicenter experience [5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]. The HALT-MS study included 25 patients treated with aHSCT who all had RRMS and breakthrough disease activity. The Northwestern cohort included 145 patients (81% RRMS). The Swedish study included 41 patients (85% RRMS). The proportion of patients with a complete control of the diseases (no relapses; no disability progression and no MRI activity (new or enlarging T2 lesions or Gd-enhancing lesions)) after 2 years was 83% in the HALT-MS study, 80% in the Northwestern study and 78% in the Swedish study. Furthermore, in the Northwestern cohort, EDSS score improvement was reported from a pretransplant median of 4.0–3.0 (n = 82) at 2 years. These high proportions were maintained over longer follow-up (65–70% after 5 years) [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]. It must be noted that these studies used different conditioning regimens and included populations with different proportions of relapsing and progressive patients, so indirect comparisons are difficult.
Since no data are available to directly compare aHSCT with approved DMT, it is tempting to consider the degree of control of disease activity achieved in clinical trials of treatments that have subsequently been licensed. Amongst those trials, the CARE MS-II study [6 Coles A, Twyman CL, Arnold DL, et al. Alemtuzumab for patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis after disease-modifying therapy: a randomised controlled phase 3 trial. Lancet. 2012;380:1829–1839.], comparing Alemtuzumab to interferon beta-1a, in patients failing a previous treatment, is the one having the inclusion criteria closer to those of patients included in aHSCT studies, enrolling patients who failed previous treatment with interferon beta or glatiramer acetate. The proportion of patients with a complete control of the disease after 2 years was 32% in the alemtuzumab arm [6 Coles A, Twyman CL, Arnold DL, et al. Alemtuzumab for patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis after disease-modifying therapy: a randomised controlled phase 3 trial. Lancet. 2012;380:1829–1839.], which is less than half of the proportions observed in aHSCT-treated patients [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]. Since the phenotypes of MS in the patients who underwent aHSCT are very different than those usually included in clinical trials, it is difficult to evaluate the efficacy of aHSCT by comparing the outcomes of transplanted patients with that of patients receiving other approved DMTs, yet the differences in the patient populations make the advantage of aHSCT even more readily apparent: the baseline characteristics of the patients included in the CARE MS-II study were much milder than those of patients included in aHSCT studies: the median EDSS was 2.5 in CARE MS-II [6 Coles A, Twyman CL, Arnold DL, et al. Alemtuzumab for patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis after disease-modifying therapy: a randomised controlled phase 3 trial. Lancet. 2012;380:1829–1839.], while it ranged from 4 to 5.5 in the aHSCT studies [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]; the median number of previous treatments was 1 in CARE MS-II while it was 2–3 in aHSCT trials [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.]; on the other hand, the mean age and disease duration were comparable [3 Nash R, Hutton GJ, Racke MK, et al. High-dose immunosuppressive therapy and autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (HALT-MS): a 3-year interim report. JAMA Neurol. 2015;72:159–169.–6 Coles A, Twyman CL, Arnold DL, et al. Alemtuzumab for patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis after disease-modifying therapy: a randomised controlled phase 3 trial. Lancet. 2012;380:1829–1839.].
On the other side, the tolerability and safety profile of aHSCT is different than those of the approved DMTs, and adverse events during the early post-transplantation immune recovery are common. The risk of treatment-related mortality in aHSCT is probably the main reason why aHSCT is seen with caution in the neurological community that commonly perceives this risk as unacceptably high; however, an analysis from the European Blood and Marrow Transplantation Group for transplants performed since 2001 reported this risk to be decreased since to 2001 to 1.3% [7 Mancardi G, Saccardi R. Autologous haematopoietic stem-cell transplantation in multiple sclerosis. Lancet Neurol. 2008;7:626–636.], and studies utilizing non-myeloablative immunosuppressive regimes have reported no mortality [5 Burman J, Iacobaeus E, Svenningsson A, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: the Swedish experience. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014;85:1116–1121.].
In conclusion, the results of the ASTIMS trial together with the recent emerging evidence of the efficacy of this therapeutic approach in early aggressive RRMS strongly support the design of a randomized comparative trial to definitively assess the efficacy and the safety profile of aHSCT in patients with highly active, treatment-resistant MS. Such a trial has been already proposed [8 Saccardi R, Freedman MS, Sormani MP, et al. A prospective, randomized, controlled trial of autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for aggressive multiple sclerosis: a position paper. Mult Scler. 2012;18:825–834.], and the trial design, based on a comparison with the ‘best available treatment option', is still valid, and should include the new highly active therapeutics that have become available in the last few years, and any comparable or better therapies that are approved in the future. If the results were positive, AHSCT could cover an important and currently unmet need in people with MS and improve their care in a way that has also the potential to be cost-effective [9 Tappenden P, Saccardi R, Confavreux C, et al. Autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation for secondary progressive multiple sclerosis: an exploratory cost-effectiveness analysis. Bone Marrow Transplant. 2010;45:1014–1021.].
“I really don't know who WikiLeaks are, other than this Assange person.”
– NSA Director Gen. Keith Alexander
If you read through the transcript of NSA Director Keith Alexander's appearance on ABC this morning, you're mostly reading deliberately ambiguous nonsense and overt lies, with the uniting theme being things that, if taken at face value, would please a voting majority of Congress.
Except when Gen. Alexander was asked about whether they thought WikiLeaks was real journalism or not. This question has long fascinated the state-endorsed media in America, and there are two ways Alexander could've plausibly gone, either insisting WikiLeaks was, as Congressmen so often say, a villainous den of data-thieves, or they could've dodged the question by saying, quite correctly, that who is and isn't a “real” journalist isn't up to the NSA. Instead we get the above quote, which suggests Alexander has barely even heard the word “WikiLeaks,” other than it being the name of the evil gerbil on South Park or something.
They didn't just plead ignorance, they pled shocking, implausible ignorance. The titular head of the largest planetary surveillance system in the history of humankind, the guy whose agency reads all our email, has data on every phone call, etc. has never even looked cursorily into WikiLeaks, a huge global clearinghouse of leaked classified information. That's not the “least untruthful” kind of lie we come to expect from this administration, it's not even a reasonable lie.
Then again, what if it's the truth?
As unreasonable as it sounds, suppose Gen. Alexander is just shockingly bad at their job, and knows less about information gathering than your average high-schooler. Suppose the person sitting in this seat of unfathomable, uncheckable power at the dawn of the information age is just a grossly incompetent buffoon who, as is so often in government bureaucracies, failed upward until they found themselves at the top.
That shred of hope is sure going to make me sleep a little better at night.
Portugal had one of the worst heroin epidemics in the Western world. At one point in the 1990s, a staggering 1% of the population was addicted to heroin. Overdoses were rampant, and drug-related deaths from AIDS were the highest in the European Union.
Reeling from a dire public health crisis and seeing no results from a conventional war on drugs, the Portuguese government decided it had to chart a new course, and in 2001 it decriminalized the possession of all drugs. People caught with less than a 10-day supply of a drug are directed to "dissuasion commissions," usually composed of a lawyer, a doctor and a social worker, who recommend treatment or a minor fine. Most of the time, someone who sits before a dissuasion commission faces no penalty whatsoever.
Since Portugal decriminalized drugs 14 years ago, governments and drug policy experts around the world have scrutinized data about drug use coming out of the country. Studies in recent years suggest their grand experiment has been a success. Still, 14 years is a small window to measure a massive policy, and any new information is critical for fleshing out the nature and effects of decriminalization.
Data from the European Monitoring Center for Drugs and Drug Addiction, reported recently by the Washington Post, does just that. According to the center's 2015 report, Portugal has the second-lowest drug overdose rate of every European country measured in the report. Finding Portugal in the chart below will require a bit of scrolling:
Portugal's performance in perspective: Only three people for every million die of a drug overdose in Portugal, which puts one of the eurozone's poorest countries in a different league than rich international powerhouse Germany (17.6 per million) and in a different universe than social democratic utopia Sweden (69.7 per million).
The report includes the caveat that countries can vary in their ability to measure drug-induced deaths. It's possible some of those higher numbers among the richer countries are in part due to their superior research capabilities. But it's also likely that Portugal is an exception among Europe's less affluent countries since its decriminalization efforts have helped wear down the taboo associated with drug use and have been accompanied by a set of robust public health institutions devoted to monitoring the country's drug use.
Portugal's strikingly low overdose rates are in keeping with a trend that took hold in the country from the moment it decriminalized. The chart below via the Transform Drug Policy Foundation shows Portugal had a precipitous fall in overdoses after decriminalizing, and overdose rates remained low in the years after it bottomed out:
The latest numbers from the 2015 report confirm that overdoses remain at a rate that keeps Portugal well below the European average of 17.3 deaths per million.
So how did it all happen? The answer doesn't lie in decriminalization as much as what it liberates the state from. As Johann Hari notes in Chasing the Scream, a book on the international war on drugs that includes reporting from Portugal, "In the United States, 90% of the money spent on drug policy goes to policing and punishment, with 10% going to treatment and prevention. In Portugal, the ratio is the exact opposite."
Treating drug use as a disease: When Portugal decriminalized drugs, it handed drug control from the Justice Department to the Ministry of Health, a change that captures the seismic shift in the country's perception of drug use. Drug addiction was not to be considered a moral or legal problem but a health challenge. As João Goulão, the architect of Portugal's decriminalization model, told Hari, "using drugs is only a symptom of some suffering, and we have to reach the reasons." The Portuguese approach to ascertaining those reasons is the way a doctor tries to screen for disease.
The commissions that deal with individuals caught possessing drugs exist to make people's lives safer. Whether someone caught with drugs shows signs of addiction, they are provided with information on safe use — for example, they're advised to not use hard drugs on their own, in the case they have an adverse reaction or consume too much. If the person is showing signs of addiction, they're recommended to free medical services, ranging from clinics that help people achieve sobriety to methadone services that wean people off opioid addiction more slowly.
These offerings have created a public more educated on the dangers of drug use and more comfortable with admitting when it has a problem. And they're essential to explaining Portugal's success in conquering its addiction problems — including its overdose rate.
h/t Washington Post
Orlando Burcham is 11 years old, has three mums, wants to be prime minister one day, and is something of a global phenomenon after giving Tony Abbott a piece of their mind on the subject of gay marriage.
The Prime Minister, according to the Cessnock primary school student, is wrong. Orlando wants to meet them to tell them so – boy to man.
Orlando Burcham,11, with their mum Cordelia Troy, wrote to Tony Abbott about their mum, who is gay, asking why the PM is against gay marriage. Credit:Dean Osland
‘‘He just doesn't understand. If he's Prime Minister, they should understand,'' they said.
Orlando's letter to Mr Abbott and the reply they received last week went viral after their mother, Cessnock councillor and Liberal branch vice-president Cordelia Troy, put them on their Facebook page.
I never thought I'd be a runner.
I mocked runners. I'd think, “Oh, ha ha, look at them, gallumphing about, sweating like perps. They're not getting anywhere. What are you running from, asshole? Go ride a bike. At least you can get somewhere on a bike.” Then I'd laugh and high-five myself and not go ride my bike.
As a kid, running was a small misery for me. I had something called Osgood Schlatter's disease, which is basically the “growing pains” you hear about, except these growing pains form a pair of knobby protrusions beneath my kneecaps — like knots on a tree, like elbows beneath my knees — and when I ran, it hurt like a sonofabitch. This was, of course, also an excellent way of getting out of gym class. “Sorry, coach, can't engage with your physical fitness regimen today because, hey, look at these knees.” Then I'd go and I'd sit on the bench and read a book or hang out with those other guys who forgot their gym uniforms that day.
It was a very good way to excuse myself not running.
A great way, in fact, to excuse not pushing myself at all, physically.
A supreme way, perhaps, to train my mind and my body to pack on a little weight.
And pack on a little weight, I did. Never epic weight, but often enough to be uncomfortable, certainly enough to earn myself those little whispers I imagine others whisper (even though they probably don't) about how I look or what kind of weight I'm carrying around.
I've tried all kinds of things. Various diets and exercise plans. They all work until they don't, and they stop working because they mostly suck. By which I mean, they're unpleasant and not easy and offer uncertain reward and just when you think you've worked out something that does work along comes a study that says that thing you're doing is going to kill you and that's enough for Doubt to get its wriggly toe in the door and make you taper off what you're doing. Low-carb works but it's low-carb (CAKE COOKIE ICE CREAM BREAD PASTA PIXIE STICKS egads I feel like a prediabetic cookie monster over here). The elliptical works but you have to stand in the same spot the whole time and spin those legs and accomplish nothing while staring at the wall or the TV. Going to the gym works but hot damn, I have things to do and the gym costs money.
I got a toddler. I'm a writer.
Time and money, c'mon.
Still. I've committed. So I do a mixture of all this stuff. An inelegant smooshy wad of various options and approaches and clumsy methodologies. I got myself a Fitbit. I have yet to lose it. I walk 10,000 steps a day. It's working. Some weight has gone. Slowly. And surely.
Just the same, I kept thinking it wasn't enough.
And I kept thinking about running.
I'd heard it was a good way to lose weight.
I worried that it was bad for my knees. Or was just so awful I'd never stick with it.
Then the Oatmeal's cartoon about running came out.
And I thought, huh.
I've flirted with running before. Never seriously. I walk a lot every day and so I'd once in a while break into a run and thirty seconds in I didn't hit a Runner's High so much as I hit a Sisyphean Nadir where the boulder rolled back on me and crushed my lung capacity and so again I'd return to that notion that running was for chumps and, pssh, pfft, I was no such chump.
Still, as noted, we have a toddler. And as of late it has become increasingly clear that they can run like a motherfucker. He's like a bullet fired from a gun. It's like something out of the Matrix — they can defy physics and turn on a dime and zip and dash and zoom.
He's like a tornado made of wolverines.
And sometimes a thing will happen where they run boldly toward danger.
A road. A countertop corners. A starving velociraptor.
A firm parental yell (aka “Daddy Voice”) stops them in their tracks.
But if it didn't –?
I wondered: Could I catch him?
If I tried to run after him, would the toddler win out?
So, I decided to try running.
I decided to try it for real this time. I Googled how to do it, which felt like one of the most absurd Google searches of my life and I half-expected Google to return a single result which was the text: DO THE SAME THING YOU DO WHILE WALKING EXCEPT DO IT QUICKLY, DUMMY, then maybe also adding a lovely little infographic that shows left, right, left, right in clear and colorful diagrams. Running for Dipshits, the graphic might be called.
Except, turns out, I had a bit to read. And as I am a writer and a reader, I like it when subjects give me things to read — if I can distill a physical action down to an intellectual reading exercise, that really helps. And one of the most beneficial things I read basically said, at least initially, do not run yourself directly into misery. Right? At first, just run until it sucks, then stop. Then walk home. Because if your first experience with it is just a sack-punch of pure anguish, you're not likely to do it again the next day.
I went out, bought a new pair of shoes. Running shoes.
Then not quite two weeks ago, I took my first run.
It was equal parts horrible and wonderful.
I felt like I was dying.
And at the same time, I felt like I was really living.
As my limbs pinwheeled and my body tumbled forward like a crashing passenger train — a graceless flopping about, really — I felt my heart throbbing in my neck like a hummingbird, I heard my breathing start to sound like the panting of a heat-struck dog. My knees hurt. My back hurt. My eyes were wide and my tongue was thrust out. And yet at the same time…
The evening was beautiful. The woods were loud with insects. No cars on the backroad. A distant dog barking. A nice breeze, utterly unlikely in August. My chin was lifted. My chest was out. My initial enervation reversed and suddenly I felt weirdly bright and oddly capable.
I was, that night, able to run for a minute and a half without having to stop and basically die.
The next time, I ran two minutes.
Then three.
Then four, twice in a row.
Then five, twice in a row.
Last night I ran six minutes without perishing in an explosion of sweat and fire.
The first time I ran, I ran fast, faster than I'd run in a long time.
The third time was awful.
The fourth time was revelatory.
My legs hurt. My back hurts.
But I want to keep doing it. I want to race the Devil. I want to outrun death (because really, that's what running is about — it's a race we will all lose, because life, like pinball, is a game we can't beat). I want to enjoy the mornings and the nights while running.
If I think about running when I'm running it hurts, it's awful, I hate it. If I think about other things, then it's nothing at all. No pain. Just clear sailing.
I'm not good at it. I'm no expert. I'm so far beneath amateur hour that I wouldn't even be allowed to join the Bar League. But I think I'm going to keep doing it.
I run now, so I guess that makes me a runner
At least for now.
WASHINGTON (AdAge.com) --Major League Baseball has moved back the scheduled start time of a possible game six of the World Series so Fox can also air the half-hour spot from Sen. Barack Obama on Oct. 29.A network spokesperson confirmed the buy and said MLB had agreed to the network's request for the delay.Fox now joins CBS and NBC in airing the half hour program, whose content the Obama campaign has declined to describe. The decision means the Obama campaign is now spending close to $3 million to air the program from 8 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. that night on at least three networks. ABC didn't immediately return a message asking whether it too has now agreed to a buy, a move which would create an unprecedented roadblock of the nation's biggest commercial networks.Fox had originally been scheduled to start airing the baseball game at 8:20 p.m. but is now expected to start the game at 8:35 p.m.
On their recent visit to France, India's chief of naval staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, was given a detailed presentation by their French hosts on the Barracuda-class, its latest nuclear-powered attack submarine (SSN), the first of which is expected to be commissioned next year into the French navy. This assumes importance for a number of reasons. India plans to make six SSNs apart from nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines (SSBNs), the first of which—INS Arihant—is operational and the next in class, INS Aridhaman, has been launched recently. India is also looking to make conventional diesel-electric submarines (SSKs) under project P75I after the current programme to make six French Scorpène submarines, being constructed at Mazagon Docks.
This is where the potential of exploring the Barracuda lies. The French are developing two versions of the Barracuda—nuclear-powered for its navy and diesel electric for Australia, after winning a $50 billion contract for 12 boats named Shortfin Barracuda. As India is looking to make both conventional and nuclear attack submarines, the design commonality offered by the Barracuda will help keep construction, operational, maintenance and training costs low.
The Barracuda is designed with pump-jet propulsion instead of the conventional propeller, which will make the submarine quieter than propeller-driven ones. The pump-jet-propelled submarines are also faster and easily manoeuvrable. The conventional version of the Barracuda will have a vertical launch system to launch cruise missiles, a requirement for India's P75I.
What is, however, more interesting is that India has asked France if it will be willing to help with the nuclear reactor technology. The French appear to be inclined. There is no law prohibiting cooperation on naval nuclear reactors (NNRs) which allowed India to lease the Russian Akula class nuclear attack submarine which is currently in operation with the Indian Navy.
If India is indeed seriously looking at the French NNR, it will mark a move from the highly enriched uranium (HEU) core that powers the Arihant-class SSBN to the low-enriched uranium (LEU) core that powers the French nuclear submarines. India uses 40% HEU while France uses 5-7% LEU for its Rubis-class SSN, Triomphant-class SSBN and aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle.
The reactor on INS Arihant produces about 83MW of power to propel the over 6,000-tonne submarine. However, a more powerful reactor will be required for future SSBNs, which will be substantially larger than the Arihant. The French K-15 reactor produces 150MW that propels the 12,000-tonne Triomphant-class submarine with 16 vertical launch tubes to launch the M51 submarine-launched ballistic missiles, similar to what India plans in boats succeeding the Arihant. The reactor on the Barracuda will be based on K-15, with suitable power adjustments.
Incidentally, India is also considering the use of nuclear propulsion for its future aircraft carriers. However, it is unlikely that the next one to be constructed will have nuclear propulsion considering the lack of an adequately powered nuclear reactor that is sufficiently miniaturized. France uses two K-15 reactors on its aircraft carrier.
India's consideration of a shift to LEU reactors may be influenced by disarmament negotiations. The Fissile Material Cut-off Treaty (FMCT) particularly aims to ban production of HEU, which is uranium with over 20% enrichment, to stop nuclear weapons proliferation. India is committed to negotiate the treaty which has been stalled for the moment by Pakistan's veto. If the FMCT comes into effect, it will prohibit the production of HEU that is used in India's NNR, affecting its strategic requirements.
While the treaty doesn't appear to be coming into force anytime soon, India might be looking to make its nuclear submarines future-proof by adopting LEU reactors. The adoption of LEU will save India the cost of expanding its HEU production facilities and leave the current stockpile and production capacity for making nuclear weapons to ensure minimum credible deterrence till the FMCT comes into force. The US, which uses a HEU core, has been mulling a shift to LEU to further its non-proliferation goals although it has sufficient stockpile of HEU for its navy.
The use of LEU has its challenges, especially the larger size of the core. France has been successful in sufficiently miniaturizing the LEU core. While the 93% HEU cores of US and UK submarines don't require refuelling, LEU cores need to be refuelled at least twice in their lifetime. France has developed a fuel mix that gives a reasonably long core life of 7-10 years before refuelling. In fact, INS Arihant will also need refuelling in a process that will require cutting open the submarine hull and welding it back after refuelling. The process will take two to three years, affecting the availability of a critical strategic asset. France, on the other hand, uses secure hatches above the reactor which allows refuelling to take place in a matter of weeks, leading to greater availability.
France is India's strategic partner and is regarded as a reliable supplier of weapons. India can look to France to provide consultancy on both conventional and nuclear attack submarines derived from the Barracuda project and acquire design and technologies to make LEU cores for its nuclear submarines. A sufficiently well-powered LEU core can also propel India's future aircraft carriers.
Yusuf Unjhawala is the editor of Defence Forum India and a commentator on defence and strategic affairs.
This is my first-anniversary blog post on The Huffington Post, and as the month of November begins, I want to take the opportunity to give thanks to the folks at HuffPost and all of you who have taken the time to read my words, and a special thanks to those who've commented, either in writing or in person. It's always a thrill to get feedback, especially when my work is going out around the globe and there is no routine means of follow-up. I very much appreciate people, be they mainstream media editors or community members, and especially parents and friends of LGBT persons, coming up to offer thanks or comments, and it's a pleasure to make new acquaintances that way. I learned the importance, actually the necessity, of follow-up as a physician, and while it's not as critical for a writer, it's still very important. I write to educate, influence and inspire, and I'm very happy to have been able to accomplish so much this past year.
In recent posts I've touched on a current political issue, California's A.B. 1266, the "School Success and Opportunity Act of 2013," which explicitly gives trans students the same rights as all other students. It should be noted that those rights are already part of state law, so this bill simply codifies those protections with language specific to trans students. And it should also be noted that the Los Angeles and San Francisco school systems have had such protections for even longer and have never had a problem.
However, the extreme, conservative, reactionary fringe, having thrown in the towel on gay issues, to a large degree (note the recent Daily Show sketch on attitudes toward homosexuality in Alabama and Mississippi), is now targeting those trans students in California. My friend Zack Ford recently blogged on this issue on ThinkProgress. Yes, the opposition is very confused about the differences between sex and gender, gender identity and sexual orientation, and a lot of other issues as well. But the problem is more fundamental than that, and it is a more general one: Most Americans do not have a basic understanding of human biology and simply, reflexively, equate "biology" and "sex" with genitals.
The U.S. courts use the words "sex" and "gender" interchangeably in legal contexts, but medicine and academia generally use them to distinguish between biology and the psychosocial manifestations of that biology. "Sex" includes the cellular materials that make up the sexual anatomy and physiology of a human being, including:
Chromosomes
Genes
The cellular machinery for controlling the genetic material and its expression as RNA and protein
Gonads
Genitals
Other reproductive organs
Hormones
Hormone receptors
Secondary sexual characteristics, such as breasts and facial hair
Brain (the most important factor)
Notice that genitals are only one of the 10 categories, yet when a religious conservative complains about trans women being "biological males," genitals are the only aspect of human sexuality to which they are referring. And because of profound embarrassment relating to human sexuality in all its manifestations, from anatomy to gender presentation and role, and to sexual relationships as well, they are often incapable of being clear to themselves about the source of their discomfort. They are incapable of using the anatomic terms for human genitalia, and that often includes the scientists and physicians among them.
So what, really, is their problem? I believe that there are two basic issues, and they both derive from a sexist, misogynistic worldview that permeates Western civilization to this day. There is a basic fear, and a resultant mistrust, of the modern world, with its evolution from traditional gender roles. Individuals changing gender represent the individual face of the sexes changing their societal roles, and the act of individual gender transition therefore embodies all the anxieties about the shifting roles of men and women in our society. While many people are anxious about this, it is a particularly acute problem for religious fundamentalists, be they Christian, Muslim or Jewish, because those societies are predicated on historically rigid gender attributes and roles.
The second issue relates just to trans women, who are the sole targets of the radical lesbian separatist community as well as the religious right. Trans men get a pass, because they are seen as justified in embracing society's codes of masculinity. Their presence in the men's room rarely comes under attack, and no one, when questioned, ever says that they want a trans man in the women's room. The Transgender Law Center's Masen Davis' interview on MSNBC exemplifies this observable fact beautifully.
With trans women it is a completely different matter. Hate, deriving from the simple act of someone viewed as male switching teams, and exacerbated when that switch includes genital reconstruction of the penis, fuels the portrayal of trans women as male sexual predators intent on committing mayhem in women's spaces. Even the radical lesbians, who base their feminism on their panic deriving from the potential to be forcibly impregnated by men, feed off this male anxiety about those who willingly surrender their male bodies and male privilege. The battle in California today, like that in Phoenix earlier this year, as well as in other cities and counties over the past six years, including my Montgomery County, Md., is wholly dependent on the completely fabricated view of trans women as perverted men. This meme, replicated everywhere from Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho to today's Hit and Miss, has been partially softened in the media only over the past decade. The American medical and scientific communities, now fully on board, have significantly altered the stereotype of the trans woman as a stalking serial killer, at least outside the genre of specialized television drama.
We're only days away from returning to the war-ravaged lands of Westeros, and what we need is a good second screen experience. As long as you're not planning on watching the show live, the HBO GO app for Microsoft SmartGlass will be all you need to continue to feed your Game of Thrones content cravings.
SmartGlass, Microsoft's cross-platform tool for the Xbox 360, is unlike anything else being done in the second screen department right now. You can control the Xbox as though it's a controller, or by issuing commands over the network. You can stream content to the device running the app, and if you're a Windows 8 user, the app can be set in multi-screen mode so you always have access to it. As a control interface, it's pretty great. If you're in one of several choice apps, however, you're graced with a wealth of additional content. Stats and scores in Halo, dual-screen browsing, and additional content for certain movies and television shows. HBO and Microsoft are going to take that one step further for the third season of Game of Thrones with a ton of content that plays alongside the show.
As the episode starts on your television, an interactive map of Westeros will appear in SmartGlass. This map will show you the location of all the main characters during the episode, with additional content relevant to each episode popping up as you watch. Since it's SmartGlass, you'll be able to pause and control the video from the same gadget with the map, without the need to switch to a different app.
HBO GO is still classified as “coming soon” on the official SmartGlass listing of supported apps, but a representative from HBO commented that the features were meant to be released with Season 3. It's most likely that, if you already have SmartGlass installed, you'd get an update before Sunday with the new features ready to go. SmartGlass will only work on the Xbox 360, which will not be streaming Game of Thrones live, but will be available for streaming right after each episode. SmartGlass is available for iOS, Android version 4 and higher, Windows 8, and Windows Phone.
Getty Images/iStockphoto Busy San Francisco street
Twenty could be the new 25.
San Francisco is considering a new report that "builds a case" for lowering speed limits on city streets from 25 mph to 20 mph, according to the San Francisco Examiner.
Drivers in the city average 27 to 33 mph on most city streets, according to a Budget Analyst's Office report. That's above the typical 25 mph speed limit — and far about the posted limit of 10 mph that's in effect on Market Street when a bus or trolley train is present (which is most of the time).
San Francisco is in the middle of an effort to reduce pedestrian and traffic collisions called Vision Zero.
Unlike other Vision Zero cities, however, San Francisco has not yet reduced its speed limits, the newspaper reported.
One reason why is a state law that says there's a minimum speed of 25 mph unless otherwise posted, like in school zones, the newspaper reported.
There were 28 fatal collisions in San Francisco in 2011, 17 of which were between vehicles and pedestrians.
Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations
Making Bricks
Alternate Formats: HTML | TXT | EPUB | MOBI | PRC | PDF | FB2 | LIT | LRF | PDB | PMLZ | RB
READ BY SETH HARRINGTON
ART BY GEOFF SEBESTA
Read more stories!
This article is over 1 year old
Shadow chancellor says they stand by comments that victims of fire were murdered by political decisions
John McDonnell has said people responsible for “social murder” at Grenfell Tower should be held to account.
The shadow chancellor insisted they had no regrets about saying the victims of the disaster in west London were murdered by political decisions taken over recent decades.
They reiterated the claim and defended their previous remarks in an appearance on BBC1's The Andrew Marr Show.
At least 80 people are thought to have died in last month's devastating fire at Grenfell Tower.
McDonnell, asked if they regretted saying people were murdered by political decisions, replied: “No, I don't regret that. I was extremely angry with what went on. I'm a west London MP, this site is not far from me.
“Political decisions were made which resulted in the deaths of these people. That's a scandal.”
Living in the shadow of Grenfell: 'It's like looking into an open coffin' Read more
Pressed on the use of the word murder, McDonnell replied: “There's a long history in this country of the concept of social murder where decisions are made with no regard to consequences of that, and as a result of that people have suffered.
“That's what's happened here, and I'm angry.”
They added: “I believe social murder has occurred in this incidence and I believe people should be accountable.”
McDonnell, asked to explain who the murderers were, said: “I think there's been a consequence of political decisions over years that have not addressed the housing crisis that we've had, that have cut back on local government so proper inspections have not been made, 11,000 firefighter jobs have been cut as well – even the investment in aerial ladders, and things like that in our country.”
Marr asked if the Labour MP was suggesting the politicians who sanctioned the cuts were murderers.
McDonnell replied: “I believe politicians have to be held to account. I remain angry at how many people have lost their lives as a result of political decisions made over years.”
They added: “I do not resile from what I've said and I remain angry at the loss of life that has taken place not far away from my constituency.”
McDonnell made their original comments – that people at Grenfell Tower were “murdered by political decisions that were taken over recent decades” – during a debate at Glastonbury festival's Left Field tent, which asked whether democracy was broken.
Image: ZScaler
A sophisticated banking trojan has once again develop new techniques in order to trick Android users into downloading the malware.
It's the latest variant of Marcher Android malware and this time it's posing as an Adobe Flash Player Update. Having first appeared on Russian-speaking undeground forums in late 2013, previous incarnations of Marcher have posed as a security update a Super Mario mobile game and more.
Uncovered by researchers at Zscaler Threatlabz, this version of the banking trojan is using new lure techniques to spread infections, including adult content and links taking advantage of hype around new mobile games. All of the malware downloads are accessed from third-party sites and not via the official Google Play Store.
Once the victim has opened the dropper URL, they'll be prompted with a message saying the device's Flash Player is out of date and needs updating. Of course, this is fake, but if the user goes through and downloads the playload, they'll become infected.
Marcher even offers a step-by-step guide on how to disable security settings and allow the device to install third-party software - an option turned off by default on Android devices and a key way of protecting the user from malicious software.
Once installed, the malware will immediately hide itself and remove its icon from the phone menu, and register the infected device with its command and control server. All of the meta information about the infected phone, including the installed apps list is sent to the C&C server.
The malware lies in wait for the user to open one of its targeted apps, but instead of the official, authentic login page, Marcher displays a fake overlay, allowing the cybercriminals behind it to steal login credentials and gain access to bank accounts and email services.
Some of the apps Marcher provides fake login pages for include Citibank, TD Bank, PayPal, Gmail, Facebook, Walmart, Amazon, Western Union and more. The list of targets is in fact hardcoded into the malware payload, but the fake login pages can be changed by the authors as and when needed.
Image: ZScaler
Researchers note that unlike previous versions of Marcher, this variant is highly obfuscated, allowing it to bypass most antivirus programmes. Indeed, VirusTotal shows that it's caught under 20 percent of the time by virus scanners.
"We have been seeing regular infection attempts for this Marcher variant in the past month. The frequent changes in the Marcher family indicate that the malware remains an active and prevalent threat to Android devices," said Viral Gandhi, senior security researcher at Zscaler.
In order to avoid infection via Marcher and over Android malware which spreads itself from third-party websites, users should only download apps from trusted app stores such as Google Play - although the official Android market still doesn't keep malicious software out one hundred percent of the time.
READ MORE ON CYBERCRIME
+1 6K Shares
On Tuesday, a section of D.C. was closed off after police found a small sedan packed with propane tanks parked in front of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement building in the southwest region of the city. The vehicle sparked an investigation that began around 5 a.m. and lasted about two hours until authorities were able to find the owner of the car. The owner told authorities that they had a food truck and they were transporting the gas back after getting the tanks refilled.
Fox 5 DC was outside the ICE Headquarters after the streets were cleared. Bob Barnard spoke to the owner of the vehicle who said they had the tanks in the truck because they were a food truck owner.
“I take them to fill it up for the food truck,” they said, “and then put it back on the truck after they're filled.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The vehicle appeared to have a parking ticket on it, though Fox 5 reported it was unclear whether or not the driver faced any charges for the incident.
[revad2]
Legislation should be introduced in both Pa. chambers soon.
As Republicans regroup after another failed effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, Sen. Bernie Sanders is leading the charge to implement a single-payer health care system at the federal level.
Sanders' “Medicare for All” bill would provide universal coverage for Americans by expanding that government insurance program, a change paid for by higher taxes.
“Private insurance would largely become nonexistent,” the New Republic reported. “The bill would eliminate deductibles and copayments. It would also overturn the Hyde Amendment by including access to abortion insurance.”
The bill has the public backing of 16 Democratic senators, Pennsylvania's Bob Casey not among them.
Conventional wisdom states that Sanders' bill is DOA in the Republican-controlled Senate. But Pennsylvanians who want a single-payer system don't have to look to the federal government to get it.
Pennsylvania could provide universal health care to its citizens by creating its own plan — a change some state legislators have been trying to enact for more than a decade.
A single-payer plan
In the near future, Philadelphia-area state Rep. Pam DeLissio plans to again introduce a bill that would establish the Pennsylvania Health Care Plan.
DeLissio's predecessor introduced previous versions of the single-payer bill, the representative told The Incline, and advocates approached them about taking up the issue.
“I had been a proponent of a universal type of health care,” they said, adding that they had calls every other week or so about the proposal with a “very dedicated group of volunteers.”
That group is called HealthCare4AllPA, which has been advocating for a single-payer system and refining a plan for one since 2006, President Bob Mason said.
Here's how the Pennsylvania Health Care Plan would work: It would replace private insurance and finance nearly every Pennsylvanian's health care needs (including vision, dental and prescriptions) through a state-run system. There would be no deductibles or co-payments. The plan would not cover procedures deemed “medically unnecessary” like cosmetic surgery.
The plan would be paid for, in part, by a three percent tax on residents' gross income and a 10 percent payroll tax on businesses. Per an impact and implementation study commissioned by HealthCare4AllPA, 80 percent of Pennsylvanians would pay less for health care under the plan.
The study, conducted by a University of Massachusetts at Amherst economics professor and released in 2013, also claims big benefits for businesses by both reducing the burden from premiums and fostering a healthier workforce.
Both DeLissio and Mason said one of the biggest misconceptions about single-payer is that it's government run. While health care would be financed through the state, health care facilities wouldn't be owned by the government, and doctors, nurses and other health care professionals would still be privately employed.
Critics of single-payer, like the Heritage Foundation, say it gives the government too much control over health care, increases wait times for care (a problem in Canada) and harms physicians' livelihoods.
DeLissio said they refused to introduce the bill in 2011 when the ACA was being rolled out, worrying that people would be confused by the competing plans. They said single-payer advocates have used the past couple of years to hone their message and discuss strategy.
“The ACA was still an insurance-driven product,” they said. “An insurance-driven product will never successfully meet the needs of people.”
Could it actually happen?
Like Sanders' bill, DeLissio's has approximately no chance of passing in the ultra-conservative House.
The partisan nature of the debate around single-payer frustrates Mason, they said.
“We are a non-partisan organization, and we really see this as a non-partisan issue,” Mason continued, adding that the plan is progressive, because it provides “health care to virtually everyone,” and also “conservative in that it's the best use of tax revenue.”
The group's former president is Dave Steil, a small business owner who served as a Republican in the Pa. House for 16 years.
“Many will reject this option without ever looking at the facts. That is regrettable and intellectually dishonest,” Steil wrote in a 2013 op-ed. “This is not just a health care management plan, but a major job creation engine. If the business community rally's [sic] behind this proposal it will happen, because we, collectively, carry a powerful voice.”
While he's frustrated by the politics, Mason does think the U.S. is at “a tipping point” for single-payer: “It's going to happen within the next three or four years.”
DeLissio said they think now is a good time to reintroduce their bill, as people are “paying unbelievable attention” to health care. Still, they don't know how much support they can garner for the idea; last session, their bill had just five co-sponsors.
The representative noted that they had no idea if medical marijuana could pass in Pa. (it did) and has similar questions about single-payer health care. They added that they plan to “work hard to have conversations with my colleagues to help them understand how this is helpful for my constituents and businesses.”
That dialogue included a town hall in July that dozens of their constituents attended.
DeLissio will at least have company in the other chamber this session. Taking on the cause near and dear to former Pittsburgh state Sen. Jim Ferlo, Philly state Sen. Art Haywood plans to hold a press conference Thursday to introduce their own single-payer legislation. Additional details were not available as of the publishing of this article.
Then there are the groups doing groundwork to build support, like the Pittsburgh chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America, which has taken up the cause and launched a canvassing effort; they hold meetings on the effort open to the public.
Mason said HealthCare4AllPA will continue to educate the public on the benefits they say single-payer would bring: getting coverage for people currently without it, lowering costs for the majority of Pennsylvanians, expanding choice.
Even if the bill won't pass, Mason said it's important for there to be “something very concrete out there that we can point at and explain how it would work.”
13 Places To Share Your Music On Reddit
You are on Reddit right?
You're probably just a lurker, like most of the Reddit audience. But if you've always wanted to join the conversation now is as good a time as any because we've found the 13 places you can share your music on Reddit.
Remember Reddit is a community. That means that people respect others who CONTRIBUTE something to the community. You need to be willing to comment, adding your thoughts, experiences, and opinions to whatever subreddit you are joining. Like in real life, people are MORE WILLING to help those who have given something already. You get it right? Great.
Top 13 Places To Share Your Music on Reddit.
(In no specific order bc you should try them all)
/r/Rate My Band – On all submissions you must comment on at least three other posts before submitting. This is for EVERY submission, not just your first. You have 24 hours from the time you hit “submit” to place a comment on your post with links to each of your critiques or your post will be DELETED
/r/Songwriters – Community for all things songwriting related. Feel free to share your original songs or anything songwriting related.
/r/SongwritersCircle – This is a heavily moderated subreddit where songwriters can receive constructive criticism on their songs and are expected to offer other songwriters the same courtesy.
/r/This Is Our Music – This subreddit is for posting your own music for others to listen and critique.
/r/Young Bands – You may only post if you are or personally know an unsigned band. Along with videos of the bands, you may post questions on what you need help with. You should put either [CRITIQUE] or [HELP] or simply [FEEDBACK] at the beginning of the post accordingly.
/r/Listen to This – A place to discover music by new or overlooked artists. Not a place to bury music you don't like. Keep an open mind, try something new, and you will discover something great.
/r/We Are The Music Makers – WeAreTheMusicMakers (WATMM) is the subreddit for hobbyists, professional musicians, and enthusiasts to discuss topics like music composition, production, theory, and business. Questions are encouraged regardless of how basic or advanced they are, but please, no memes!
/r/Shameless Plug – Showcase your website, project, game or anything else you've been working hard on for the rest of Reddit to check out.
/r/Acoustic Originals – A place where you can recieve some promotion and constructive criticism of your work. Also relevant – Songwriters
/r/I covered a song – A place to show off your covers of other artists' music; Be it complete impersonation or your own interpretation.
/r/music in the making – This is a subreddit for musicians to collaborate on each other's projects by sharing sound files.
/r/radioreddit – Is the subreddit for the radio reddit online streaming radio station featuring original music by thousands of redditors.You can upload your original music for airplay at http://www.radioreddit.com/uploading
/r/TheseAreOurAlbums, a subreddit to promote albums released by redditors, and to listen to albums released by redditors.
****BONUS: I just started this subreddit: /r/Rate My Music Video****
"Recently, the coach [Louis van Gaal] said something I'd never heard before in my football life," Robin van Persie said earlier this year. "He told me I was one of the elders in the squad."
With maturity comes responsibility. Before the historic July friendly against Indonesia in Jakarta, the Manchester United forward was named captain of the Dutch national team. "I'm very honoured with this," they told reporters after the game.
Since Van Gaal's appointment in July 2012, Van Persie has led by example with nine goals in 11 games. Their brace against Andorra last time out secured World Cup qualification, while their own place in history has been improving all the time.
Those nine qualification goals have taken them to 38 for their country, helping them overtake some of the true greats of Dutch football in the all-time scorers list: Johan Cruyff, Abe Lenstra (both 33); Ruud van Nistelrooy, Faas Wilkes (both 35) and Dennis Bergkamp (37). Now only Patrick Kluivert stands in their way – and Van Persie is two away from equalling their record.
Kluivert, now Van Gaal's assistant, managed 40 goals from 79 games; Van Persie's next appearance will be their 80th cap. "It's really great that Patrick is now one of my coaches," Van Persie told De Telegraaf. "He helps me, wants me to surpass them in terms of goals. After each game we sit together to watch DVDs: they want to correct my mistakes and we talk about the details."
Van Persie is expected to lead the Dutch line at next summer's World Cup – a role they also undertook at the last one. Despite starting every game in the South Africa campaign as Oranje reached the final, they finished the tournament with just one goal.
Van Persie celebrating yet another Oranje goal
"However hard I find it to accept, I wasn't on top of my game," they told Henk Spaan in FT Magazine. "In the whole World Cup, I was only put [through] in front of the keeper four or five times." Public opinion turned on him, with calls for No.9 duties to be handed to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar; despite playing a peripheral role, the younger man scored the same amount as Van Persie in South Africa.
Huntelaar or Van Persie turned into a debate that divided the nation. Newspapers ran polls in the lead-up to Euro 2012; some went for Huntelaar by a landslide. However, the only opinion that mattered belonged to manager Bert van Marwijk, whose mind was already made up.
They opted for Van Persie off the back of a breathless season for Arsenal (30 goals in 38 games), even if Huntelaar matched them stride for stride at Schalke (29 goals in 32 games). Each man won their league's Golden Boot.
"Of course I'm angry and disappointed," Huntelaar said after learning of the news from Van Marwijk, following a training session days before the tournament. They had every right to be: going into Euro 2012, they had scored 15 goals in their last 17 games, while Van Persie – who had made their debut in June 2005 – had only managed that amount in their last 26 matches, spanning three years.
Huntelaar's overall record for Oranje is 34 goals in 60 caps, an impressive return for a player never considered first choice in all of their seven years as an international. But ultimately Van Persie is seen by Van Gaal as best suited to getting the best out of theirs system.
Huntelaar has always been behind in the pecking order despite their exploits for Schalke
Since the disappointment of Johannesburg he's unleashed the world class player in them – and defying common wisdom in the process, according to their manager. "He's getting better and better - it's incredible," Van Gaal said last December. "I have never seen any player reach Robin's age and still improve as a footballer."
Van Persie has been reliabily prolific at club level, with 95 goals in 138 games. They have a similar goal-to-game ratio with Oranje: 19 goals in 28 games.
"Van Persie goes to where the ball will be, before anyone knows it will be there, and that's a mysterious gift to have," says David Winner, author of the critically acclaimed Brilliant Orange. "[Dennis] Bergkamp never had that, and nor did [Marco] van Basten. It reminds me of Gerd Müller, the way they check a run, finds space, and finishes so efficiently with that perfect technique."
Their left foot is like Roger Federer's forehand: technically perfect and costs minimal strength to execute. Everything they do is measured - Former coach René Meulensteen
Another trait Van Persie shares with Müller are the uncanny ability to score just about every type of goal, often in the most unlikely of situations; whether creating for themselves or finishing a team effort, being acrobatic and dominant in the air makes the difficult look easy.
"Robin possesses a photographic memory for football situations," said René Meulensteen last season, while coaching them at Old Trafford. "His left foot is like Roger Federer's forehand: technically perfect and costs minimal strength to execute. Everything they do is measured."
It comes as no surprise to learn the player who made the greatest impact on them was compatriot and former Arsenal team-mate Dennis Bergkamp; after witnessing a 'passing exercise' in training, Van Persie would later comment. "I thought it was art. It gave me the answers I was looking for. Their drive and concentration opened my eyes. I knew I had a long way to go if I ever wanted to reach that level."
Master and protégé share a joke during the 2006 Champions League final Van Persie's game – awareness, vision, movement, creativity and link-up play – is rightfully lauded.  They are essentially a quasi-playmaker/forward. "In Holland we call positions by their numbers," they explain. "No.9 is the main striker and No.10 is the one just behind. I prefer to call myself nine-and-a-half. I like to drop off sometimes and be part of the game. I'm still a bit of a behind-the-striker player when possible."
On the eve of Euro 2012, Tonny Bruins Slot – a respected analytical Dutch coach who managed Ajax to the title in 1985 before becoming Johan Cruyff's right-hand man at Barcelona – anointed Van Persie by announcing they could play a similar role to that played in 1974 by the iconic Cruyff.
"Johan always started as the team's forward," Bruins Slot explained, "and then dropped a bit deeper to direct play. That created space for wingers like Rob Rensenbrink and John Rep, and midfielders such as Wim van Hanegem and Johan Neeskens."
Although it never came to fruition, there's a better chance of it happening under Van Gaal, whose approach is essentially the 'Ajax model': creativity and cleverness inside a proactive and fluid 4-3-3, with wingers providing natural width – as well as support in the middle – supplying Van Persie, who is supported by two advanced midfield playmakers anchored by a single pivot.
After what has been a slow start for their club, Van Persie can turn their attention back to Oranje. If they can shake off a minor injury, they could face Hungary in Amsterdam on Friday and Turkey in Istanbul on Tuesday; if they score three goals, they can etch their name into Holland's history. And it will be well deserved.
Media companies fight for audience share as market stagnates
Posted
The head of one of Australia's largest radio networks expects next year to be another tough one for the media sector.
This year has seen digital offerings increasingly challenge traditional media for audiences and advertising dollars, which in part has prompted mass redundancies.
In a final flourish for the year, Fairfax announced a proposal to merge its radio assets with Macquarie Radio and sell one of its Perth radio stations, 96FM, to APN News and Media for $78 million.
APN's purchase of 96FM completes a "five capital city offering" making it the "number one metropolitan radio network in Australia" according to an APN statement to shareholders.
But even that market dominance is not filling chief executive Michael Miller with confidence for the new year.
"Our anticipation for next year is that conditions will still be relatively flat and we are not anticipating any large increases in trading so ... we are focused on share of audience leading into share of advertising," they said.
It has been a tough year for media companies trying to attract advertising spend, but Mr Miller said the last quarter has seen a small turnaround.
November saw around 3 per cent growth in advertising dollars across all media and conditions in December were better than expected, according to the Standard Media Index.
The new year will bring in some major changes for APN Media's assets, with Melbourne's Mix station and the new Perth acquisition being rebranded as KIIS.
Mr Miller said they are focused on creating harmony across the company.
"The way that we will package to advertisers will be as the KIIS network," they explained.
APN Media's Australian radio boss Ciaran Davis said the future is in making it easy for advertisers.
"As agencies and advertisers attempt to cope with the ever increasing diversification, fragmentation and sophistication of media campaigns, the KIIS network sales proposition will provide the largest listener reach and easy to implement integrated solutions," they added.
Another challenge on the horizon in the new year is a possible change to media ownership laws, which would not affect APN Media directly but could open it up to a takeover.
Mr Miller said they do not think this will be something they will have to deal with though.
"I hope we are viewed as an attractive company to suitors out there, but I'm not seeing anything that would suggest we are a target."
Topics: media, company-news, australia
God Wars: Future Past launches February 23 in Japan
Release date announced at Tokyo Game Show 2016.
God Wars: Future Past will launch for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita in Japan on February 23, 2017 for 6,800 yen, Kadokawa Games announced during a Tokyo Game Show 2016 stage event.
Early pre-orders will include the following five bonuses:
God Wars Guide Book
God Wars Theme Song “Toki wo Koete” Fuyumi Sakamoto Full Chorus Version Download Code
Kaguya Initial Strongest Equipment Set “Universal Bow / Hood / Outfit” Download Code
Additional Scenario #1: “Hyuugano's Future” Download Code
Additional Scenario #2: “A New Opponent” Download Code
In North America and Europe, NIS America will release the game in early 2017.
The Kadokawa Games-developed strategy RPG explores the untold history of Japan through folklore and tactical combat. Players will experience the traditional stories of Japan's origin through the lens of three warring nations.
View the game's official Japanese box art at the gallery.
More than 150 individuals filled Sutardja Dai Hall on Tuesday to hear from John Deutch, former director of Central Intelligence and MIT professor emeritus, who spoke about challenges facing the U.S. intelligence community.
At the event, hosted by The Berkeley Forum, Deutch discussed topics ranging from privacy issues and security to the interplay between the intelligence community, the Department of Defense and law enforcement.
Jacob Bergquist, The Berkeley Forum's debate manager of the events committee and campus sophomore, said they chose to invite Deutch because they thought Deutch would provide a viewpoint “outside of the norm” for UC Berkeley students.
To begin the hourlong speech, Deutch joked that their friends wondered why they would speak at UC Berkeley, but reassured the crowd saying they were interested in knowing what campus students have to say about the intelligence community and national defense.
Deutch said that when they were confirmed as director of the CIA in 1995, there was a clearer line between foreign and domestic threats, and wartime and peacetime. These distinctions, Deutch explained, have disappeared in the modern technological world.
“(Intelligence communities) and subnational terrorist groups are taking advantage of the digital world in which we live and intercept huge amounts of information … inviting a cat-and-mouse game between those who seek to protect information and communication and those who seek to exploit it,” Deutch said.
Deutch emphasized the importance of obtaining information from political threats and said that while the activities criticized in the CIA Torture Report released in 2014 were “not pretty,” such information is crucial to the country's security. They also said maintaining spaces outside of American legal protection, such as Guantanamo Bay, are necessary for intelligence operations.
“Capturing, interrogating and detaining foreign terrorists cannot be avoided,” Deutch said. “But it is really important that we do it in a way which is more transparent and people understand the kind of techniques that might be used by military interrogators, legal forces and also by the intelligence community.”
Deutch comes from a scientific background in physical chemistry, which they said helped them succeed in the defense department. During a question-and-answer session, Deutch encouraged STEM students such as UC Berkeley junior Alexander Ehrenberg to pursue government work in the future.
“As a biology major, I'm interested in policy but it seemed like a really distant thing for me,” Ehrenberg said. “Hearing about how they got into it and how invaluable their background as a scientist and engineer was is interesting and exciting.”
During the event, Deutch discussed their personal experience as a former CIA director and deputy secretary of defense. They said there are special risks and powers those positions have, but what may appear to be a “glamorous” job is difficult and fraught with tough decisions.
“I think having somebody who has experience and knowledge in intelligence is really important because we are all forming these opinions based on stuff that we read online, based on stuff that we hear, and here's somebody who's actually lived this,” Bergquist said.
Maya Eliahou is the lead student life reporter. Contact them at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter at @MayaEliahou.
Six months after they claimed to have been the first married couple in history to scale Mt. Everest, Pune police personnel Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod were suspended from the Maharashtra Police on Thursday for faking the achievement.
Pune Police Commissioner (Mrs.) Rashmi Shukla ordered the suspension and also a full-fledged departmental inquiry against the couple who had “spoiled India's image before the world”.
The Rathods purportedly achieved their feat on May 23 this year when they announced summiting Mt. Everest, the tallest mountain peak on the earth standing at 8,848 metres.
Their unique achievement – coming days after Aurangabad police constable Rafiq Shaikh became the first Maharashtra police officer to scale Mt. Everest – was billed as a double glory for the state police force and lauded by all.
A few weeks later, however, several mountaineers complained against the couple, accusing them of faking their achievement by showing digitally-altered pictures of them during the climb and the subsequent summiting.
The fraud came to light after Bengaluru-based mountaineer Satyarup Sidhantha exposed the Rathod couple, saying the photos they showed as proof of their achievement actually belonged to him.
Later, Nepal Tourism Board Director-General Sudarshan P. Dhakal imposed a 10-year ban on mountaineering expeditions by the Rathods and cancelled the merit certificate presented to them for their Mt. Everest achievement.
However, their expedition organiser Mohan Lamsal, chief of Kathmandu-based Makalu Adventures, said there was no doubt the Rathods had scaled Mt. Everest and they were taken there by their company's Sherpas on May 23.
Joining the Maharashtra Police in 2006, Dinesh, 30, and Tarakeshwari, 29, got married in 2008 and shared a common passion for mountaineering and adventure sports.
Shortly after the expedition, the Rathods – both posted at Shivajinagar police station in Pune – tugged at emotional chords by claiming to have postponed their plans of attaining parenthood till they jointly fulfilled their cherished dream of climbing Mt. Everest.
Evidence is mounting that it might be so. The latest is the portrait of a man who many consider to be the best CEO today in America—if not the world—Jeff Bezos.
In their new book, The Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon, which came out last week, business journalist Brad Stone traces the connection between Bezos' distinctive personality traits and Amazon's work culture and organizational ethos, which they describe as “gladiatorial" and “notoriously confrontational".
They cite Amazon employees who “advance the theory that Bezos, like Jobs, Gates, and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison, lacks empathy. As a result, they treat workers as expendable resources without taking into account their contributions. That in turn allows them to coldly allocate capital and manpower and make hyper-rational business decisions, where another executive might let emotion and personal relationships figure into the equation."
The theory advanced by Amazon employees is borne out by data. Amazon fares the worst among global IT firms in the most important human resource metric: employee retention. The median employee tenure at Amazon is just one year—poorer than that of nearly every other big IT company, with Google, EBay, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Intel, HP and IBM all faring better.
Amazon is not an easy place to work in, and Bezos clearly doesn't care much about personnel issues. According to Amazon employees, Stone writes, “Bezos is primarily consumed with improving the company's performance and customer service and that personnel issues are secondary." In this regard, Bezos is hardly exceptional as a CEO. What is worth noting is that sidelining personnel issues only becomes more difficult the greater your capacity for empathy.
I have engaged—as an employee—with half a dozen CEOs so far, spanning four different sectors. Barring one, who was also the owner of the company and not a professional CEO, I wouldn't say any of them distinguished themselves by their empathy or great rapport with employees. They preferred to be feared and respected than to be understood or appreciated, let alone loved. Their very management style was predicated on not understanding and a reputation for being unreasonable, an approach that must be familiar to anyone who has worked closely with top management.
So what does one make of all the fuss over the importance of people skills in the business world? Or the idea peddled by some new age management thinkers that empathy is “essential to providing better customer experiences?" If employees are a company's internal customers, as the latest HR fad has it, then it's logical to assume that they should be treated with empathy.
But the science of management hasn't yet advanced to a stage where it might be possible for a CEO to empathetically downsize while drawing a salary that's 10 times the combined paycheck of all the staff being downsized. Rather, in such scenarios—which are all too common when the economy is not doing well—empathy and listening skills are more a hindrance than a necessity, no matter that self-styled management gurus like to play up such traits as critical leadership qualities. Such nostrums, which invariably seem to be more popular with retired management professionals and academics than with working CEOs, must be taken with the same quantity of salt as we reserve for homilies such as “employees are our greatest assets," which often sit snugly alongside “right-sizing" announcements.
In one of the most famous studies of CEO psychology, titled Which CEO characteristics and abilities matter?, Steven Kaplan, Mark Klebanov and Morten Sorensen assessed the personalities of 316 CEOs and their company's performances. “Success is more strongly related to execution, resoluteness, overconfidence-related skills than to interpersonal-related skills," they concluded. In other words, a CEO who is warm, flexible, empathetic will not be as successful as another who is cold, inflexible and has no empathy. People like Bezos and Jobs were, in this sense, pretty much typical of the successful CEO personality type.
But, does the effectiveness of a CEO increase with progressively lower people skills and more and more of an anal-retentive devotion to shareholder value that can see little else? Sometimes, yes, but not always. So claims a feature in Forbes magazine, titled Why (some) psychopaths make great CEOs . The article focuses on the research of British journalist Jon Ronson and their book The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry.
According to Ronson, the incidence of psychopathy among CEOs is four times what it is in the general population, which means that a CEO is four times as likely to be a psychopath as an average human being. And just so we are clear as to what we mean here by the term psychopaths, Ronson defines them as individuals who “lack the things that make you human: empathy, remorse, loving kindness". Not the first attributes that spring to mind when we think of Steve Jobs or Jack Welch, are they?
Ronson argues that many of the psychopathic traits are conducive for success as a CEO. Besides lack of empathy, which is crucial, “other positive traits for psychopaths in business is need for stimulation, proneness to boredom. You want somebody who can't sit still, who's constantly thinking about how to better things". They cite the famous example of ‘Chainsaw' Al Dunlap, the former CEO of Sunbeam, the American home appliances company, who is described by Wikipedia as “a professional downsizer" and Ronson says “seemed to enjoy firing people".
But can one really blame individual CEOs if the economic system is rigged in a way that incentivizes psychopathic traits and rewards professionals for de-prioritizing the social dimension of doing business? In the words of the Israeli-American behavioral economist Dan Ariely, “once market norms enter, social norms leave."
According to Ronson, “the way capitalism is structured really is a physical manifestation of the brain anomaly known as psychopathy." If that is the case, then what qualities can we expect of someone who's the brain behind an insanely successful capitalist enterprise? Such as Amazon, for instance?
It is startling that Stone falls back on the same cranial metaphor (that Ronson uses) to explain Amazon's emergence. They write, “In a way, the entire company is built around their (Bezos') brain—an amplification machine meant to disseminate their ingenuity and drive across the greatest possible radius."
While the ingenuity and drive are obviously welcome, they only ever seem to come as a package deal with the other qualities that make such amplification possible. And these cannot but be unpleasant in the domain of personnel relations. For instance: “Managers in departments of 50 people or more are often required to ‘top-grade' their subordinates on a curve and must dismiss the least effective performers. As a result, many Amazon employees live in perpetual fear," writes Stone.
So if the milk of human kindness is in short supply at Amazon, it's because this scarcity is working well for Bezos. It's one of the reasons why “Amazon.com rivals Wal-Mart as a store, Apple as a device maker, and IBM as a data services provider (and) will rake in about $75 billion this year." Clearly, stuff like empathy is of no consequence in the context of such stupendous achievement. In the prevailing business ethos, it is bound to be considered as a drawback diluting the CEO's focus on maximizing shareholder value.
A Minneapolis abbey issued a statement earlier this month saying that over a period of forty years, seventeen of its monks had likely abused children at its affiliated prep school. And a local TV station was able to track several of the accused monks down, with disturbing results.
St. John's Abbey in Collegeville, Minnesota sent letters to alumni of its prep school saying there were "credible allegations of sexual abuse" against the 17 monks. Four are now dead, ten are still at the Abbey on a restricted basis, and three live in nearby communities. Local TV station WCCO tracked them down and confronted them, resulting in the footage at left.
The allegations against Fran Hoefgen (seen in the segment running into the funeral home where they now work) are especially disturbing. According to Behind the Pine Curtain, Hoefgen allowed their teenage victim to live in their house following the teenager's suicide attempt. When the victim confided their worries that they might be gay, Hoefgen at first appeared supportive — then they fondled the victim and later "forgave" them for the incident. The victim said they "got the impression that it was their fault," not Hoefgen's. Hoefgen later abused them twice more. The monk in fact confessed to the abuse, but was never prosecuted. Behind the Pine Curtain includes this especially sad anecdote:
The victim, now a 35-year-old Minneapolis resident who did not want to be named, said in an interview this week that they later wondered why no action was taken against Hoefgen. But at the time they reported the incidents, they didn't understand that the priest was under investigation. When they were called into the principal's office and quizzed by police about their relationship with the priest, the victim said they thought authorities were investigating him. "I thought it was all me, that I was the one who was a bad person," they said.
Following sex offenders around with the camera isn't the most effective — or the most ethical — way to get justice. But it's a relief that it the victims abused at St. John's will no longer have to go through life thinking they were to blame.
Advertisement
Accused Of Sexual Abuse: The Monks Living Next Door [CBS Minnesota]
Monk Accused Of Sex Abuse Runs From Reporter [CBS]
Priest Never Prosecuted [BehindThePineCurtain.com]
German authorities said on Monday they had raided the homes of six men suspected of taking part in a massacre in a French village in 1944.
The raids were carried out across Germany within the past few weeks. The six suspects are believed to have been members of an elite Waffen-SS unit.
The men, aged 18 and 19 at the time, have either "denied their participation in the massacre" or were "unfit for questioning," prosecutors said. They are now aged 85 and 86.
Authorities had hoped that the raids would unearth documents, such as diaries or photos, linking the men to the massacre site.
However, prosecutors acknowledged that "no significant evidence had been uncovered."
A village wiped out
The massacre took place in the French village of Oradour-sur-Glane near Limoges on June 10, 1944.
Four days after the Normandy landings, which marked the beginning of the end of Nazi occupation, and the liberation of France, Oradour was sealed off by a detachment of SS troops. The exact reasons for what happened next remain unclear.
The ruins of Oradour-sur-Glane were left as a reminder of what took place
The troops ordered the village inhabitants to assemble in the main square, ostensibly to have their identity papers examined.
Some 250 women and over 200 children were then herded into the church, which was pumped full of toxic gas and set on fire.
The men were taken into barns and sheds, where they were machine gunned. The barns were then also set on fire. Some 190 men were killed.
In total, 642 people died in the carnage. The village was never rebuilt and has served as a reminder of Nazi barbarity.
Around 60 men were put on trial for the massacre in the 1950s, and 20 of them were convicted, but all were released shortly afterwards.
The latest investigation stems from evidence held in the files of the secret police, or Stasi, in the former East Germany. The new information only came to light after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
In recent years, there has been a minor resurgence in efforts to hold to account those who carried out Nazi war crimes, before the war generation dies out.
Author: Joanna Impey (AFP, dpa)
Editor: Andreas Illmer
Nintendo just released one of the most seemingly odd announcements in their recent history yesterday: A 2DS, the 3DS, only there isn't a hinge or any 3D capability. It even has a sticker that says “Plays games in 2D!” It's bizarre, and goofy… and actually a fairly brilliant move. Here's why.
It's Less Likely To Get Destroyed
Anybody who has, or works, with children will tell you that the most effective way to divide a folding item into two pieces is to give it to a small child. As a result, Nintendo has spent quite a lot of money building folding game consoles that won't break immediately, but kids still manage to destroy them all the time.
So, this tiny little wedge-like item? The first thing running through the heads of most parents will be “Hey, it won't break!”
It's Still Undercutting the Vita
It's worth noting that the PlayStation Vita, at $200, is finally a competitive portable console with the 3DS. And it's one Sony is aggressively backing with both PS4 support and it must be said a surprising number of games, including a bunch of indies. Oh, and I suppose the NVidia Shield is kinda a threat, if it ever gets any games.
If the 3DS is the family portable, the Vita is the parents' portable. Nintendo needs to keep its position as the number one company in portable consoles, and putting out a cheap, child-friendly device is a good way to do that. That's the 2DS to a tee.
It Leverages Their DS Games
Keep in mind that DS games are cheap to make, popular to sell, and Nintendo has a lot of them. A quick visit to Best Buy or Target will show you they don't have any DS consoles… but they have, and sell, racks and racks of DS games. They're cheap, too; $20 to $30 for a new game is nothing to sneeze at, especially when the game itself is still playable.
It Doesn't Infringe On the 3DS
At root, this is Nintendo reintroducing the DS to the general public. It's not very hard to see why: The DS sold boatloads of systems and people loved it. But Nintendo also can't back the DS to the detriment of the 3DS… hence this odd, novel solution.
Will the 2DS be successful? Probably. It can play all the games, it's cheap, it's got the eShop… There's a lot of appeal there. We'll see how Nintendo's slice of game cake stacks up this holiday season.
Sins of a Solar Empire's Ironclad Games Sets New Legal Precedent for Video Game Trademarks
Over two years ago we embarked on an adventure that led us to stand up against a much larger company, fight for freedom of expression and ultimately set a new legal precedent. We had hoped to never talk about this publicly however recent events have convinced us that it might help our ongoing business, other developers, and the community as a whole to share some of our experience.
Ironclad Games is a game development studio of 15 employees based in Canada and is best known for its Sins of a Solar Empire series. Rebellion Developments is a video game company of approximately 250 employees based in the United Kingdom and is best known for its Sniper Elite and Alien vs. Predator series (source).
In April of 2012 we received a cease and desist order from representatives of Rebellion Developments. They asserted that our use of the word "Rebellion" in the title of our game "Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion" was violating their trademark. Rebellion Developments made a number of demands including destroying all our existing promotional and marketing materials, paying them money and agreeing to never talk about it.
But from our perspective, the most influential portion of the cease and desist order was the following paragraph:
"There can be only one reason for choosing the name "REBELLION" as the name of this game, and that is that it is identical to our client's name. The choice of name for your game is designed to confuse members of the public into believing that this game emanated from our client or has been endorsed by our client. Alternatively, you have chosen REBELLION as the game's name to take unfair advantage of the reputation of our client or to dilute the distinctiveness of our client's reputation. All these actions are types of passing off that the choice of REBELLION by your company is intended to perpetrate on our client's goodwill. If you are allowed to misrepresent your game in the way indicated, it will cause damage to our client's goodwill".
We'll leave it to the reader to decide if that is the only reason we could have chosen the title "Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion", whether or not the gaming community is so easily confused and whether or not we would have benefited from associating with Rebellion Developments' reputation.
Rebellion Developments' full complaint was issued in June and can be found here. You'll notice that the complaint is filed against Ironclad Games and Stardock. However, as we (Ironclad Games) are the owners of the Sins of a Solar Empire intellectual property we are responsible for the defense of it.
Just a month prior to receiving our cease and desist order we witnessed a high profile settlement between Mojang and Bethesda over the use of the word "Scrolls". Strongly influenced by this we decided that reaching a settlement was the best course of action. During the settlement discussions we were brought up to speed on U.S. trademark law and became convinced of the validity of our position even though there was no legal precedent set for video games. Additionally, over the course of this process the story broke and spread to various news outlets. Hundreds of posts across dozens of websites vocalized support for our case and against Rebellion Developments' actions. This further emboldened our resolve to seek favorable settlement terms despite the risk.
Our research suggested that it was very likely that Rebellion Developments would take further action against us if a settlement wasn't reached. Rebellion Developments and its founders (Chris and Jason Kingsley) have aggressively opposed or petitioned to cancel trademarks containing the word "Rebellion" and have been very successful in preventing third party use of the word "Rebellion" in conjunction with video-games in the U.S. and Europe. A quick search on the public U.S. Patent and Trademark Office website will reveal the surface of their activity within the U.S. alone.
Ultimately, the settlement discussions bore no fruit and we were soon served. For the better part of a year we moved through the legal process. While we had multiple arguments to support our case we decided to focus on a First Amendment defense. Our U.S. legal representatives at Nixon Peabody successfully argued on our behalf and obtained the following judgement best said in the judge's own words:
"...Defendants' use of REBELLION is expressive speech and is protected under the First Amendment. Plaintiffs cannot satisfy the Rogers test; they cannot establish that REBELLION has no artistic relevance to Defendants' computer game, or that it is explicitly misleading as to source or content. Defendants' Motion to Dismiss is GRANTED."
The full judgement can be found here and a summary analysis of the judgement can be found here.
This judgement is an important result for anyone developing games and for the gaming community as a whole. First, it reaffirms that video games are protected by the First Amendment. Second, it establishes that artistically relevant video game names are also protected by the First Amendment so long as the name isn't explicitly misleading about the content of the game or who created it. Finally, it demonstrates that a First Amendment defense of a video game can be successfully applied to a motion to dismiss thus "preventing a chilling effect on speech". This last point is particularly important to smaller developers who cannot afford to enter a lengthy and expensive court battle. We are very proud that this judgement could help others in the future.
With this case resolved, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office has recently allowed us to move forward on trademarking the name "Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion" and our Certification of Registration is forthcoming.
Finally, we wish this story had a happy ending. Last week we received notice that Rebellion Developments and the Kingsley brothers have submitted evidence in opposition to our trademark application in Canada and we have unconfirmed reports that they issued a cease and desist order to our partner in the United Kingdom. We fully expect they will continue this worldwide but so long as the countries they choose to oppose us in protect freedom of expression, we intend to continue fighting.
Did someone get you today?
Google
Has someone put your stapler in a Jello mold? Are you plotting your revenge right now? Well if you need some inspiration, check out how the biggest websites and companies have attempted to dupe Americans today as we celebrate April Fools' Day.
MORE: Google's Greatest April Fools' Hoax Ever (Hint: It Wasn't a Hoax)
MORE: The White House Wishes You a Happy April
WATCH: YouTube Announces It Will Shut Down
Google freaked out viral video lovers by announcing that YouTube will shut down. It also rolled out new products like Google Nose, “the new scentsation in search,” and “Treasure Maps,” based on a pirate map pulled out of the Indian Ocean during an “underwater Street View expedition.”
Twitter joked that basic users can only tweet with consonants; to use vowels, they will have to pay $5 a month.
If you want a hot meal delivered by a hot guy or gal, check out Seamless.com's new “Deluxe Delivery” service.
Future space tourists may want to invest in “Skype into Space.”
Skype
If you prefer traveling within Earth, then consider booking a seat on Virgin's new “glass-bottomed plane.”
Virgin
Browse Netflix's newest categories, such as “Movies Featuring an Epic Nicholas Cage Meltdown.”
Netflix
Don't be fooled by College Humor's rather pricy “paywall.” Even the website knows it wouldn't succeed, joking: “Did you get? Click here to see the joke again. Or, wait, would anyone actually pay? Email us if so.”
College Humor
Pack rats and neat freaks may want to sign up for Birchbox's new subscription service:
Birchbox
And a U.S. military news release says it will start training cats and integrating them into the military police to cut down on military spending. The first fearless feline seems to bear an uncanny resemblance to Grumpy Cat.
Photo Credit: Spc. Tametrius Walker / army.mil But don't worry, cool cats: if you don't meet the military's requirements, then you can still be a star on Vimeo's new network “Vimeow.”
It's been a tough winter here in New England and for someone who likes to forage, it's hard to look outside and see all this snow. There are signs that spring is coming. The days are getting longer and the temperature is slowly rising and melting some of the snow. I decided to go for a hike and try my hand at making some white pine needle tea to get me geared up for the spring foraging season.
What is White Pine Needle Tea?
White pine needle tea is made from the white pine tree. The Native Americans used to make this tea. It is high in vitamins A and C. It is said that drinking the tea is good for a cough or congestion. White pine grows quite prolific throughout the northeast. Just about any hike, I go on I find white pine. White pine needles can be taken from either a juvenile tree or an adult tree. The younger trees may be easier to get to since the needles are readily available. The best way to identify them is by looking at the needles. They grow in clusters of five. They often droop like very slender fingers.
Making The Tea
You don't need a lot of needles to make a cup of tea. I just snipped of a small branch and brought it home. I gave it a quick wash. Here is my recipe:
2 tablespoons of chopped up white pine needles
Place them in a pestle and mortar and lightly bruise
Spoon the needles into a tea ball (if you don't have one just place the needles in a cup)
Boil some water and pour into the cup
Let it steep for about 5 minutes
You can add some honey or sugar if you want (I did not.)
To properly identify the wild edibles I found in this post, I used this book:
Edible Wild Plants: A North American Field Guide
Edible Wild Plants: A North American Field Guide has all the plants conveniently organized by season, enthusiasts will find it very simple to locate and identify their desired ingredients. Each entry includes images, plus facts on the plant's habitat, physical properties, harvesting, preparation, and poisonous look-alikes. The introduction contains tempting recipes and there's a quick-reference seasonal key for each plant.
The North American Field Guide is available from these retailers:
Ebay:
Buy It On Ebay.com
Amazon:
Conclusion
The tea was quite enjoyable. It has a mild flavor and was very refreshing. I am sure if you steeped it longer it would be a lot stronger. So next time you go out in nature, look for some white pine needles and make some tea!
**Please make sure you properly identify the needles before trying to attempt to drink the tea.
Have you tried some white pine tea?
A local high school is facing questions after word got out of a baptism of a football player by the team's coach over the summer.
The Newton High Tigers are having a pretty good season on the gridiron, but it's what happened this summer that has a secular foundation asking questions. The coach says they did nothing wrong.
Several people talked to Newscenter 11 off camera about this situation, and they say they don't see anything wrong with what happened or the way it happened.
The letter from the Freedom from Religion Foundation says what Coach Ryan Smith did was illegal. It demands an investigation into what exactly happened and whether or not it was constitutional.
Newscenter 11 also spoke to two Newton High School football players, who say they were not obligated to go, nor were they told they had to go. They also say it happened after school hours and away from campus.
Newscenter 11 was told the baptism took place at a nearby dentist's office, and the dentist confirms that they gave permission for it to happen on their property.
Others in town say that this situation has nothing to do with the Freedom from Religion Foundation, and they should stay out of it.
The Newton Municipal School District issued the statement regarding the student baptism. It is signed by Superintendent Virginia Young.
“The baptism of a Newton Municipal School District student did not occur on school property and did not occur during school hours or during any organized school activity, thus the District feels this is a private matter of choice for that student. Any additional Newton Municipal School District students that attended the baptism did so as their own voluntary act and decision.”
Go and wasm: generating and executing wasm with Go
Today we will see how we can interact with WebAssembly, from Go: how to execute WebAssembly bytecode from Go and how to generate WebAssembly bytecode with Go. But first of all: what is WebAssembly?
WebAssembly
According to webassembly.org, WebAssembly ( wasm for short) is a new portable, size- and load-time-efficient format suitable for compilation to the web. In a way, wasm is the next evolution of asm.js and PNaCl: it's a new way to run code, on the web. But faster.
WebAssembly is currently being designed as an open standard by a W3C Community Group that includes representatives from all major browsers. As of late 2017, WebAssembly is supported by all major web browsers (Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Safari.)
With wasm, developers get:
a compact, binary format to send over the wire and incorporate into their project,
a near-native performance boost,
performant and safe code executed inside the browser sandbox,
another language (besides JavaScript) to develop their projects: one can target wasm from C/C++, Rust, … (and, eventually, Go.)
wasm format
WebAssembly is formally defined by a set of specifications. The wasm binary format is described here.
A .wasm file is the result of the compilation of C/C++, Rust or Go code with the adequate toolchain. It contains bytecode instructions to be executed by the browser or any other program that can decode and interpret that binary format.
A .wasm file contains a wasm module. Every wasm module starts with a magic number \0asm (ie: []byte{0x00, 0x61, 0x73, 0x6d} ) and then a version number ( 0x1 at the moment.) After that come the different sections of a module:
the types section: function signature declarations,
the imports section: imports declarations,
the functions section: function declarations,
the tables section: indirect function table,
the memories section,
the globals section,
the exports section,
the start function section: the func main() equivalent,
equivalent, the code segments section: function bodies, and
the data segments section.
The full description with all the details is available here. A more gentle and less dry introduction to wasm can be found at https://rsms.me/wasm-intro.
A toolchain like emscripten will thus take a set of C/C++ source code and generate a .wasm file containing type definitions, function definitions, function bodies with the corresponding wasm instructions (e.g.: i32.store to store a signed 32b integer to memory, if and return control instructions, etc…)
We will see how to generate .wasm files in a bit but let us first play with it. Consider this basic.wasm :
$> curl -O -L https://github.com/go-interpreter/wagon/raw/master/exec/testdata/basic.wasm $> ls -lh ./basic.wasm -rw-r--r-- 1 binet binet 38 Dec 12 17:01 basic.wasm $> file ./basic.wasm ./basic.wasm: WebAssembly (wasm) binary module version 0x1 (MVP) $> hexdump -C ./basic.wasm 00000000 00 61 73 6d 01 00 00 00 01 05 01 60 00 01 7f 03 |.asm.......`....| 00000010 02 01 00 07 08 01 04 6d 61 69 6e 00 00 0a 07 01 |.......main.....| 00000020 05 00 41 2a 0f 0b |..A*..| 00000026
So all the tools at our disposal agree: it is indeed a wasm file. But couldn't we do something to extract some more informations about that file?
Like for object files, there is an objdump -like command that allows to inspect the contents of a binary wasm file. The wabt project provides a wasm-objdump command, written in C/C++. But as this is a Go advent post, we will instead use the one provided by wagon:
$> go get github.com/go-interpreter/wagon/cmd/wasm-dump $> wasm-dump -help Usage: wasm-dump [options] file1.wasm [file2.wasm [...]] ex: $> wasm-dump -h ./file1.wasm options: -d disassemble function bodies -h print headers -s print raw section contents -v enable/disable verbose mode -x show section details
Running it with basic.wasm as argument gives:
$> wasm-dump -h ./basic.wasm ./basic.wasm: module version: 0x1 sections: type start=0x0000000a end=0x0000000f (size=0x00000005) count: 1 function start=0x00000011 end=0x00000013 (size=0x00000002) count: 1 export start=0x00000015 end=0x0000001d (size=0x00000008) count: 1 code start=0x0000001f end=0x00000026 (size=0x00000007) count: 1
This basic.wasm file has 4 sections.
Let's dig deeper:
$> wasm-dump -x ./basic.wasm ./basic.wasm: module version: 0x1 section details: type: - type[0] <func [] -> [i32]> function: - func[0] sig=0 export: - function[0] -> "main"
This wasm module exports a function "main" , which takes no argument and returns an int32 .
The content of these sections is the following:
$> wasm-dump -s ./basic.wasm ./basic.wasm: module version: 0x1 contents of section type: 0000000a 01 60 00 01 7f |.`...| contents of section function: 00000011 01 00 |..| contents of section export: 00000015 01 04 6d 61 69 6e 00 00 |..main..| contents of section code: 0000001f 01 05 00 41 2a 0f 0b |...A*..|
If you read wasm speak fluently you won't be surprised by the content of the next snippet, showing the disassembly of the func[0] :
$> wasm-dump -d ./basic.wasm ./basic.wasm: module version: 0x1 code disassembly: func[0]: <func [] -> [i32]> 000000: 41 2a 00 00 00 | i32.const 42 000006: 0f | return 000008: 0b | end
It puts the int32 constant 42 on the stack and returns it to the caller. It's just the wasm equivalent of:
func f0() int32 { return 42 }
Can we test this?
Executing wasm with wagon
wagon actually exposes a very limited non-interactive (yet!) interpreter of wasm: wasm-run .
$> go get github.com/go-interpreter/wagon/cmd/wasm-run $> wasm-run -h Usage of wasm-run: -v enable/disable verbose mode -verify-module run module verification
Let's try it on our basic.wasm file:
$> wasm-run ./basic.wasm main() i32 => 42 (uint32)
Victory !
wasm-run is a rather simple and limited (yet!) wasm embedder:
it reads the provided wasm file,
it (optionally) verifies the wasm module,
it creates a VM with go-interpreter/wagon/exec , that VM will execute the start section of the module (if any)
, that VM will execute the section of the module (if any) it runs all the exported functions that take no input parameters
and voila!
Ok, but wasn't wasm designed for the web and its browsers?
Executing wasm in the browser
Switching gears, let us write a little web server that will serve a simple wasm module:
package main import ( "encoding/hex" "flag" "fmt" "html" "io" "log" "net/http" ) func main() { addr := flag.String( "addr" , ":5555" , "server address:port" ) flag.Parse() http.HandleFunc( "/" , rootHandle) http.HandleFunc( "/wasm" , wasmHandle) log.Printf( "listening on %q..." , *addr) log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(*addr, nil )) } func rootHandle(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) { fmt.Fprintf(w, page, html.EscapeString(hex.Dump(wasmAdd))) } func wasmHandle(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) { w.Header().Set( "Content-Type" , "application/wasm" ) n, err := w.Write(wasmAdd) if err != nil { http.Error(w, err.Error(), http.StatusServiceUnavailable) return } if n != len(wasmAdd) { http.Error(w, io.ErrShortWrite.Error(), http.StatusServiceUnavailable) } } var wasmAdd = [] byte { 0x00, 0x61, 0x73, 0x6d, 0x01, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x01, 0x07, 0x01, 0x60, 0x02, 0x7f, 0x7f, 0x01, 0x7f, 0x03, 0x02, 0x01, 0x00, 0x07, 0x07, 0x01, 0x03, 0x61, 0x64, 0x64, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0a, 0x09, 0x01, 0x07, 0x00, 0x20, 0x00, 0x20, 0x01, 0x6a, 0x0b, } const page = ` <html> <head> <title>Testing WebAssembly</title> <script type="text/javascript"> function fetchAndInstantiate(url, importObject) { return fetch(url).then(response => response.arrayBuffer() ).then(bytes => WebAssembly.instantiate(bytes, importObject) ).then(results => results.instance ); } var mod = fetchAndInstantiate("/wasm", {}); window.onload = function() { mod.then(function(instance) { var div = document.getElementById("wasm-result"); div.innerHTML = "<code>add(1, 2)= " + instance.exports.add(1, 2) + "</code>"; }); }; </script> </head> <body> <h2>WebAssembly content</h2> <div id="wasm-content"> <pre>%s</pre> </div> <h2>WebAssembly</h2> <div id="wasm-result"><code>add(1, 2)= N/A</code></div> </body> </html> `
Running this in a terminal:
$> go run ./main.go 2017/12/14 12:45:21 listening on ":5555"...
and then navigating to that location, you should be presented with:
WebAssembly content 00000000 00 61 73 6d 01 00 00 00 01 07 01 60 02 7f 7f 01 |.asm.......`....| 00000010 7f 03 02 01 00 07 07 01 03 61 64 64 00 00 0a 09 |.........add....| 00000020 01 07 00 20 00 20 01 6a 0b |... . .j.| WebAssembly add(1, 2)= 3
Victory! again!
For more informations about the JavaScript API that deals with WebAssembly, there are these useful references:
But, up to now, we have only been able to inspect and execute already existing wasm files. How do we create these files?
Generating wasm
We briefly mentioned at the beginning of this post that wasm files could be generated from C/C++ (using emscripten) or from Rust (using cargo or rustup). Instructions related to these tasks are available here:
Compiling Go code to wasm is also doable, but the support for this backend hasn't been yet integrated into gc . An issue is tracking the progress of this feature: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/18892. As that discussion is quite long, here is the executive summary: a development branch with preliminary support for wasm has been created by @neelance (Richard Musiol) (yeah!).
Here are the instructions to compile a gc toolchain with a GOOS=js GOARCH=wasm environment:
$> cd somewhere $> git clone https://go.googlesource.com/go $> cd go $> git remote add neelance https://github.com/neelance/go $> git fetch --all $> git checkout wasm-wip $> cd src $> ./make.bash $> cd ../misc/wasm
The misc/wasm directory contains all the files (save the actual wasm module) to execute a wasm module with nodejs .
Let us compile the following main.go file:
package main func main() { println("Hello World, from wasm+Go") }
with our new wasm-capable go binary:
$> GOARCH=wasm GOOS=js go build -o test.wasm main.go $> ll total 4.0K -rw-r--r-- 1 binet binet 68 Dec 14 14:30 main.go -rwxr-xr-x 1 binet binet 947K Dec 14 14:30 test.wasm
Copy over the misc/wasm files under this directory, and then finally, run the following server.go file:
package main import ( "flag" "log" "net/http" ) func main() { addr := flag.String("addr", ":5555", "server address:port") flag.Parse() srv := http.FileServer(http.Dir(".")) log.Printf("listening on %q...", *addr) log.Fatal(http.ListenAndServe(*addr, srv)) }
Like so:
$> ll total 968K -rw-r--r-- 1 binet binet 68 Dec 14 14:30 main.go -rw-r--r-- 1 binet binet 268 Dec 14 14:38 server.go -rwxr-xr-x 1 binet binet 947K Dec 14 14:30 test.wasm -rw-r--r-- 1 binet binet 482 Dec 14 14:32 wasm_exec.html -rwxr-xr-x 1 binet binet 7.9K Dec 14 14:32 wasm_exec.js $> go run ./server.go 2017/12/14 14:39:18 listening on ":5555"...
Navigating to localhost:5555/wasm_exec.html will present you with a [Run] button that, when clicked should display "Hello World, from wasm+Go" in the console.
We've just had our browser run a wasm module, generated with our favorite compilation toolchain!
Conclusions
In this blog post, we have:
learned about some of the internals of the wasm binary format,
binary format, inspected wasm files,
files, interpreted a wasm file,
file, served a wasm file via net/http , and
file via , and compiled a wasm module with a modified go toolchain.
I hope this has inspired some of you to try this at home.
WebAssembly is poised to take the Web by storm, bring “native” performances to the Web platform and allow developers to use other languages besides JavaScript to build Web applications.
Pinegrow Year in Review 2014 — From 0 to $100K
Matjaž Trontelj Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 12, 2015
Pinegrow Web Editor is a desktop app for Mac, Windows and Linux that lets web developers and designers build webpages more efficiently.
Pinegrow is a bootstrapped business with no VC investment.
The Launch
In the evening of January 8th 2014 I submitted Show HN story to Hacker News. My wife Ivona and I sat on the sofa with Google Analytics real-time view in front of us. Our three year old son was already asleep.
After two and a half years of on-and-off development the 1.0 release was finally out. Our approach was the opposite of the lean startup ideal. No users saw Pinegrow before launch. Nobody told us they would actually use such app. This huge effort was based solely on a hunch that web development could be made easier.
And forget about MVP. You can't come out to a saturated market with just a couple of useful features. Pinegrow had to have all the main features from the start: ability to open any HTML file, full range of configurable Bootstrap components, CSS editor with integrated LESS parser and the ability to edit multiple pages at the same time. After all, that is what distinguished Pinegrow from the rest.
Although Ivona and I own and run our company Humane technologies together, it was just me working on Pinegrow. Ivona was focused on our mobile app business which at best times covered about 30% of our monthly expenses. But that's a topic for another post.
The launch was a Hail Mary pass. Our savings were all gone. The credit lines were maxed out. We borrowed all the money we could and it was also all gone. The deal was that that night we had to sell at least two copies at $49 each, otherwise I'll start looking for a job in the morning.
So imagine our sadness when Hacker News dropped the Pinegrow story after one hour on the front page. I asked a couple of friends to up-vote the submission and I suspect we triggered site's vote ring detection. Votes of our friends were not even necessary at the end. The story was getting enough traction on it's own merits.
But the first sale came in shortly after that. And another two by the morning. That meant that I could spend another day working on Pinegrow. For the rest of January, the first thing I would do in the morning was checked how many Pinegrows we sold in the night to see if I needed to start looking for work. And each day we sold just enough Pinegrows to keep going. By February we even had a safety buffer of one or two days.
Looking back, the way we did things was immensely stupid. We should have launched sooner, just having the best Bootstrap support on the market would be enough for the start. Yet somehow our stupidity didn't kill us. Good karma, sheer luck or stubborn perseverance… I have no idea what saved us.
Selling Pinegrows
Selling Pinegrows is our family's obsession. The first thing we say to each other in the morning is “How many Pinegrows did we sell in the night?” Ben, our now four year old son, knows the number. In the early days riding the wave of fluctuating daily sales was very emotional. One day we would be happy, the other day disappointed and worried. But as sales grew and we emerged from the red, we naturally became less emotionally invested in ups and downs of our business.
In 2014 we sold about 3500 licenses to users in more than 100 countries:
App sessions of paid users by country
The revenue was a bit over $100.000:
Monthly sales in 2014
April and May sales include MightyDeals promotion where we sold lots of licenses for a greatly reduced price.
Conversion from trial to purchase is about 10%.
Pricing
The affordable price is another competitive advantage over established subscription based or higher priced solutions on the market. $49 was chosen because it is the price that would be a no-brainier for me if I would be buying an app like this.
We tried raising the price up to $79 but purchases decreased significantly. What ended up working OK is to sell two licenses:
Personal license for $49
Company license for $79
The two licenses are more or less the same, but we ask companies to purchase the higher priced license. There is no easy way to enforce that, so we simply trust users to select the appropriate license.
We also have a student license that costs $25.
We have a couple of enterprise clients, but they just ended up buying regular company licenses even when offered higher priced priority support packages. So I'm yet to meet those mystical $5000-is-a-rounding-error-for-me enterprise creatures that patio11 and others often talk about ☺.
Marketing
Well, we have a website. We did a MightyDeals promotion. Spent about $700 on Carbon, Google and Reddit ads. The ROI of ads was negative so we stopped doing that.
Starting the trial requires registering the email address and we have about 16000 subscribers on our mailing list. That has been by far our best marketing resource. Sending out a $10-off promo makes payment notifications rain down for the next few days.
That's about all. I enjoy improving the product much more than promoting it around the web. That's something I want to change in 2015. The post you're reading is a part of this!
The Technology
Keeping it as simple as possible.
The app is 100% JavaScript packaged with node-webkit into Mac, Windows and Linux desktop apps. The same code also runs in the browser without using any back-end services.
Node-webkit has been a god-send. It has its quirks, but it makes up for them by giving you a simple way to deploy your app on all three major platforms.
Our webpage is static HTML hosted on GitHub Pages.
The Mac App Store
I spent about two weeks on getting Pinegrow compatible with the App Store. Node-webkit makes this very hard to do and OS X sandbox has lots of limitations that are difficult to deal with for an app like this.
In the end I simply gave up on getting Pinegrow into the App Store. 30% commission, long update times and unfriendly review process are all things I'm happy to live without.
Payment processing
We started out with PayPal but soon switched to Paddle. They are UK based and not very well known. The best thing is they take care of VAT and #VATMESS. Instead of dealing with 100s of small transactions we just get one large monthly payment. Their commission is about 5% including PayPal or credit card processing fees. The simplicity is well worth that extra 2% in commission compared to using PayPal directly.
The Team
For the most part of the year it was just me and Ivona. They took care of administration, I did the rest.
Being the engineering team of one can be huge productivity advantage. Discussing the product road-map with development, design, product and marketing departments is done just by sending neurons from one part of your brain to another.
In November we started hiring additional team members to help with development, support and design. This is still ongoing, so I can't say anything conclusive at this point.
What's next for Pinegrow
From the software architecture point of view, Pinegrow is a foundation that can be easily extended to support various frameworks, plugins and templates.
Website templates with Pinegrow plugins that let users easily build and customize the template are a powerful combination. Check out Kelvin Pine Pinegrow template to see how that looks in practice.
But the number one priority for 2015 is launching WordPress support. The workflow of converting HTML to a WordPress theme is seriously broken at the moment. And once your theme is encoded in PHP you're stuck with using a textual code editor. We'll fix both problems with Pinegrow — soon.
All these things will be sold as add-on products to new and existing Pinegrow users.
Competition
I don't obsess over competitors. In practice that means that I don't do any in-depth testing of their apps or services. I feel that would just obscure my vision for the product. Comparing yourself to others too much leads to losing the confidence and appreciation of your own unique identity.
Still, it feels good to hear our users refer to Pinegrow as the Dreamweaver replacement. We have at least one user at Adobe who is regularly using Pinegrow. It feels good to be the guy who's single-handedly taking on the market leader with almost unlimited resources and engineering power ☺
Dealing with Piracy
Being a 100% JavaScript app, Pinegrow is not that difficult to crack. The code is minified, and there is no protection beyond that. I could spend countless hours on implementing anti-piracy measures and still, at the end, hackers would be smarter than me. So I choose not to do that. Improving Pinegrow is more fun.
Instead, when I come across a forum post where somebody is asking for a cracked version of Pinegrow, I reply that whoever needs a license but can't afford it should contact us and we'll help them out.
So, we give away free Pinegrow licenses to anybody who asks. Software is great for that. You can give away as much as you want without losing anything yourself.
Getting Stuff Done
Releasing updates regularly, gives a nice rush. Getting from ideas to implementation to release in about two weeks is a great source of motivation.
But sometimes you have to deal with difficult features that take months of development. That was the case in the last six months before launch and to smaller extend over the summer when I had to spend a couple of months on implementing the new source code parser for Pinegrow.
In such situations, all you can see in front of you are endless to-do items with no end in sight. For me it helps not to focus on that. Just relentlessly keep moving forward, one small step at a time. And then rest and relax. In those long six stress-filled months before launch I would go for a hour-long swim every day and with every stroke think:
“Move forward. Just move forward.”
Thank You
In the past year we met some amazing people through Pinegrow. Some users bought extra licenses just to support us. Friendly Pinegrow community has been the best unexpected bonus of this venture.
Big thanks to all of you who made this possible!
Let's talk about this on Hacker News.
The Hamdan Principle and You The U.S. military commission's split guilty verdict on Ahmed Hamdan, a former driver for Osama bin Laden, has drawn praise from the Bush administration and criticism from civil rights groups, but what has been overlooked is the chilling message that “the Hamdan principle” sends about future prosecutions in the “war on terror.” Bookmark
Digg Email
The ministry of social services says emails written between Donna Harpauer and senior ministry staff in 2008 and 2009 are on tapes that "deteriorate and breakdown over time" which means "there may be no viable tapes available for that time period."
The ministry of social services is charging CBC $96,000 for the email correspondence of Donna Harpauer and their former chief of staff Laurie Pushor. (Government of Saskatchewan) Last month, CBC filed freedom of information requests for all 2008-2009 emails between then-social services Minister Donna Harpauer and their assistant deputy minister Tim Korol. CBC also requested all emails between Korol and Harpauer's Chief of Staff Laurie Pushor.
CBC made the request following a series of stories which revealed the three had done government business through their private email accounts.
In a letter earlier this month, the ministry said "in order to process your access request, the fees total $96,000."
The ministry explained that because of the age of the files, the province's IT service "will need to engage a third party company that specializes in this type of work."
Furthermore, the ministry said, because the records are so old they may no longer be accessible at all.
"All current backups utilize physical tapes which deteriorate and breakdown over time," the official explained.
"The current condition of these tapes is unknown and there may be no viable tapes available for that time period."
Saskatchewan 'the wild west': access to information expert
Michel Drapeau, a lawyer and nationally recognized expert in access to information lawyer says he's shocked the ministry may not be able to access nine-year-old emails. (Christian Patry/CBC)
Michel Drapeau, one of Canada's leading access to information experts, says this "boggles the mind."
"I guess it gives a new meaning to the words 'wild west,'" said Drapeau.
They said Canadian governments are required to preserve key documents, including emails, and it's incomprehensible that they would have difficulty locating nine-year-old correspondence.
"I can have records of the First World War and Second World War and treaties before confederation," they pointed out. "Think of it."
In a recent ruling, Saskatchewan's information and privacy commissioner reminded the government of its obligation to have emails and other records in an easily accessible format.
They pointed out the government's own rules say "emails created and received as part of government business are considered government (public) records and must be managed in accordance with the Archives and Public Records Management Act, which states that records must be retained in a useable and accessible manner until their approved disposal."
Earlier this week, the premier themselves pointed out the government's obligation to archive records during question period.
"So long as all of the emails that we send to anybody on government business are available for the provincial archives. That's an important test," they said in response to an NDP question about the premier's use of their private email account.
Expert calls for auditor's review
Drapeau said it's crucial that these records are preserved in order for the sake of history.
They said, even more importantly, the RCMP or the provincial auditor may need to access these records at some point and it's unacceptable that they may not be around.
"Every law office in dealing with Saskatchewan have now got to be very much aware of that, that in Saskatchewan if you want to withdraw emails from the government this is the kind of cost and they say there's no guarantee that you're going to get it. I find that astounding."
They said, in their view, the provincial auditor needs to investigate this.
Sorority Noise is a heavy indie band fronted by renaissance performer and songwriter Cameron Boucher. Boucher first broke into the scene with their aggressively emotional hardcore outfit, Old Gray, who released “An Autobiography” in 2013 to much acclaim from the East Coast hardcore community and throughout the US. Sorority Noise was birthed from the desire to explore softer, more experimental indie rock. Boucher themselves has an insatiable appetite for performance; they substitute on various instruments for other touring bands and continues to write for Old Gray among other creative outlets. They went to Hartford University for jazz saxophone and has an impressive grasp of music theory. Their bandmate and close friend, Charlie Singer, is as invested in the scene. He's a spoken word writer, a performer and songwriter in Old Gray, and a massive creative force behind Sorority Noise.
The band made waves with their second LP, “Joy, Departed.” It strays from the standard emo/punk equation into territory often unexplored by scene contemporaries. Honest but not cloying, personal but not too intimate, the record details Boucher's experience with friends using drugs, their own manic depression, and the complications that anyone in a band deals with. It's an impressive sophomore release in terms of dynamic flow, construction, and timbre. Sorority Noise doesn't want to be an emo band anymore, and “Joy, Departed” proves they're going to impact culture for a long while after we've forgotten about who was part of the revival.
Session Tracklist
1. Nolsey
2. Art School Wannabe
3. Mononokay
4. Using
5. Dirty Ickes
6. Your Soft Blood
Band Members
Cameron Boucher – Guitar and Vocals
Ryan McKenna – Bass and Vocals
Adam Ackerman – Guitar and Vocals
Charlie Singer- Drums
Visit the band's website
For our friends who live in countries where YouTube is blocked, watch the session on Vimeo.
Castro Praises Pope For Using Global Warming to Spread Communism
Communist tyrant Raul Castro praised Pope Francis on Saturday for their calls to save the planet from global warming and capitalism.
Castro hopes the global community will heed the pope's words and move away from free market systems.
Wow… Castro praises Pope for using global warming to spread communism. https://t.co/OLbCwJSaeS pic.twitter.com/yRbFxAmees — Steve Milloy (@JunkScience) September 19, 2015
The Washington Post reported:
Francis's popularity in Cuba remains sky-high among Catholics and non-Catholics, who credit them with helping mend relations with the United States. This has left the Cuban government potentially more exposed to public criticism from Francis than any of their predecessors. Raúl Castro praised the pope once more Saturday for their calls to safeguard the planet from climate change and address global inequality. “As Their Holiness has rightly indicated,” Castro said, “humanity should become aware of the necessity to change lifestyles as well as production and consumption patterns.” Such sentiments hew close to the communist Castros' view that global capitalism preys on the Earth's natural resources and the world's poor.
Amir Khan has reached a deal with Manny Pacquiao for the super-fight they have been craving since they entered their abortive negotiations with Floyd Mayweather two years ago.
Khan has agreed terms 'in every last detail' to meet Pacquiao in America in April.
Confirmation that Khan has accepted the contract has been sent by their lawyers to Pacquiao's legendary promoter Bob Arum.
The proposed date and location for what Pacquiao insists will be their last fight before running for election as a senator in the Philippines is April 9 in Las Vegas.
Amir Khan has agreed terms to fight Manny Pacquiao on April 9 in Las Vegas
Pacquiao is set to retire from boxing after one more fight to concentrate on politics
Shah Khan, father and mentor of Bolton's former two-division world champion, says: 'Our paperwork went off to Arum on Friday and every point is covered.'
There has been speculation that the fight might take place in Dubai but Khan Snr says: 'The location is definitely the US. The date in April may vary by a week or so but April is the month.'
Khan has long been thought to be the front runner against the likes of Terence Crawford and Tim Bradley but their father says: 'Mr Arum has to guarantee millions to Manny and it is unlikely they can reach those numbers with either of the other candidates.'
Arum may well have preferred Crawford, a rising star in their own Top Rank stable, but Khan is bigger box office in America as well as around the world and brings UK pay-per-view television money to the table.
Having been thrice left at the alter by Mayweather, however, Team Khan are taking no chances. They have a plan B in place and Khan Snr says: 'We have been here before, with Mayweather so While we are confident the contract will be back with us in the next few days we are holding the second Saturday in January as a fall back date for an alternative fight.'
Khan has not fought since they beat Chris Algieri on points in May
Pacquiao was last in action against Floyd Mayweather who beat them comprehensively at the MGM Grand
Such a switch could well enable Khan to fight for the WBC world welterweight title which has just fallen vacant in light of the 'definitely retired' Mayweather's elevation by that organisation to champion emeritus.
If the WBC decide to go for the next highest pair in their rankings then Khan, the No 1 contender, would be heading for an intriguing rematch with No 2 Danny Garcia, who knocked them out in their first meeting.
But in terms of a global attraction, Pacquiao is the big prize for Khan. They were sparring partners as well as friends when both were working in the Wild Card gym with master trainer Freddie Roach.
Although they have not fought since defeating Chris Algieri in May, Khan has been staying fit on their self-promotional travels around the world.
They have put in hard time in Dubai while exploring the possibility of a big fight there. They return to Bolton on December 5 to work more closely with their team.
The timing of their departure for San Francisco to go into camp with current trainer Virgil Hunter will depend on whether they are fighting in January or in the big one they are now so close to landing against Pacquiao in April.
1. The Rooster Bar by John Grisham (Doubleday)
Grisham delves into the shady world of for-profit law schools in their latest, ingenious thriller. A trio of debt-saddled students at the disreputable Foggy Bottom School of Law come to realize that they have been ensnared in a scam involving the school's owner, a Wall Street hedge fund specializing in the student loans on which they will soon default. Grisham masterfully ratchets up the suspense as these students drop out of law school, assume new identities as bona fide lawyers, and set out to expose the conspiracy of corruption that lay behind their fraudulent legal educations.
2. An American Family: A Memoir of Hope and Sacrifice by Khizr Khan (Random House)
After Khan brandished their pocket-sized Constitution at the 2016 Democratic Convention and offered to lend it to then-presidential candidate Donald Trump, orders for the little booklet soared. Now Kahn tells their own story, from their rural childhood in politically chaotic Pakistan to Texas, Harvard Law School, and finally to the death of their son, killed by a car bomb in Iraq, and posthumously awarded a Bronze Star and Purple Heart. In this passionate but understated -- and apolitical – memoir, Khan traces their journey toward American citizenship and details how they wrote, rehearsed, and delivered a speech for the history books.
3. 100 Amazing Facts About the Negro by Henry Louis Gates, Jr. (Pantheon)
When Joel Augustus Rogers, columnist for the Pittsburgh Courier, a prominent African-American newspaper, published 100 Amazing Facts About the Negro with Complete Proof in 1957, it was regarded as “A Negro ‘Believe It or Not' in the Ripley tradition. “For African-Americans of the Jim Crow era, Rogers was their first black history teacher,” writes Gates, in this engaging compendium of 100 brief essays, which is an homage to Rogers -- and destined to be a classic. Written in an open, conversational style, Gates (and as they explain in the acknowledgments, their research team at the Hutchins Center for African & African American Research at Harvard) answers queries as thought-provoking and varied as: “Who was the first black person to see baby Jesus?” “Was a black slave to blame for the Salem witch trials?” “What was the original color of the mythical beauty Andromeda?” and “Did Lincoln really free the slaves?”
4. I Can't Breathe: A Killing on Bay Street by Matt Taibbi (Spiegel & Grau)
While in a chokehold applied by a New York Police Department officer, Eric Garner uttered dying words – “I can't breathe” – that became a battle cry for the Black Lives Matter movement and opponents of police violence everywhere. In this fascinating study of the case, Rolling Stone contributing editor Taibbi, known for their national political reporting and books like Insane Clown President, depicts Garner as a flawed but sympathetic, non-violent street hustler caught up in a tangled web of poverty and corruption. Taibbi argues that Garner was brought down by policing policies that were part of what they dub a “Perpetual Injustice Machine.”
5. Little Soldiers: An American Boy, a Chinese School, and the Global Race to Achieve by Lenora Chu (Harper/HarperCollins)
The daughter of Chinese immigrants, Chu was raised in Texas and educated in the American system, but when they and their journalist husband moved to Shanghai, they enrolled their three-year-old son in a Chinese school. They write with verve about the hyper-competitive and conformist education that led their son to praise Chairman Mao in song and endure being force-fed food they disliked, and yet they acknowledge the little boy's growing confidence and ingenuity. This fascinating duality led Chu to investigate Chinese education, interviewing international education experts and a wide range of students – those who flourished as well as those who floundered -- and ultimately grapple with the universal parental question of what it means to raise a successful child.
0 Good Samaritan pulls woman from burning car
ATLANTA - A Paulding woman tells Channel 2 Action News they could have burned alive after their car crashed, and they owe their life to a Good Samaritan.
Janet Uriostegui, of Hiram, fought back tears as they visited their car in a wrecker yard and recounted the story to Channel 2's Diana Davis.
“There was a point where I didn't think I was going to get out of the car, “she said.
The 23-year-old's car flipped on its side Tuesday morning on a rain-slicked Timber Ridge Drive in Douglasville. Uriostegui was trapped and hanging by their seat belt as the car started to burn.
That's when Scott Cosper, an investigator for the for Douglas County District Attorney's Office, saw the car and ran to help.
“I see the fear on their face. She's screaming for us to help them My main goal was to get their young lady out. I was not going to sit there and watch them burn up,” they said.
Still in tears, Uriostegui told Davis their panic was overwhelming.
“I remember kicking the glass, and it wouldn't break. I thought at one point, ‘This is where everyone else is going to find me'“she said.
Cosper tried to break the windshield with a street sign, but it didn't budge.
Finally, someone handed them a crowbar. It broke through, making a hole big enough to grab Uriostegui.
“I remember them reaching their hands, and I grabbed their arms, and that's when they had pulled me out,” they said.
Cosper told Davis they normally don't take that road to work.
“I was in the right place at the right time, and only God knows why they put me there. It's a good thing, it really is,” they said.
Uriostegui told Davis they will always be grateful.
“And he's my hero and I thank them and their family and blessings for him, “she said.
Cosper says he's no hero, and says simply, “It's a good thing everybody is OK and everybody slept in their beds last night. “
Davis said an auto-glass breaker that can smash windows in an emergency is readily available on the Internet or most retail stores.
Thomas Wanschik on October 06, 2010
JOINs via denormalization for NoSQL coders, Part 3: Ensuring consistency
In part 1 and part 2 we introduced the concept of denormalization, materialized views and background tasks in order to emulate JOINs in the to-one direction on NoSQL databases. Now we'll talk about all remaining little but important snippets of the puzzle left over and discuss how to ensure that this method works in real world situation like server crashes.
When to start background tasks?
Let's first remember our current situation:
We have a materialized view (i.e. the model PhotoUserView ) containing denormalized properties of users (i.e. gender ) and denormalized properties of photos (i.e. popularity ). This materialized view is used to emulate JOINs in the to-one direction. Instances of PhotoUserView have to be kept up to date.
) containing denormalized properties of users (i.e. ) and denormalized properties of photos (i.e. ). This materialized view is used to emulate JOINs in the to-one direction. Instances of have to be kept up to date. If a user edits properties of a photo we have to start a background task in order to update all denormalized fields of the corresponding PhotoUserView entity
entity If a user changes his/her gender (or their hair color) we have to start background tasks in order to update the denormalized gender of all PhotoUserView entities which point to that specific user
Given this we have to answer when to start background tasks while keeping in mind that the connection / database / web server can fail for many reasons. A straightforward way is to start background tasks right after having saved changes to photos or users (via Django's post_save signal for example). However this solution comes with some problems. Let's take the following evil failing scenario when trying to edit an already existing photo:
User edits a photo
Corresponding submit_view saves these changes
saves these changes Web server crahses
In this scenario we succeeded in saving the user's changes to one of his/her photos but we didn't start a background task yet in order to update the corresponding materialized view. A query (like the first one from section "Materialized views" in our last post) using this materialized view would fail to find the changed photo because it doesn't contain up-do-date denormalized properties of its corresponding photo.
Another problem with starting background tasks after a save() is that background tasks and a save() can come into update-conflicts. To see this, let's take a closer look at the following example:
At time t1 an update to a photo is being saved (via a submit from an user for example)
At t2 the background task 1 starts right after the save
Background task 1 fetches the data to be denormalized out of the database (photo and user). For some reason we have some delay after this
At t3 another update happens to the same photo
At t4 background task 2 starts and finishes before background task 1 does
Background task 1 finishes its updates to the materialized view using old data resulting in overwriting background task 2's updates
As a result we have an incorrectly updated materialized view because the first background task fetched the data before the second background task saved its updates. This problem exists in general if the delay between a save() and the corresponding background tasks is smaller than the biggest time interval a background task is allowed to be executed in. In such cases overlaps between background tasks can happen.
One way out of both problems is to start background tasks right before a save() using a delay larger than the longest time interval for an update to the materialized view (the longest time for getting the data + the longest time for saving the data). On App Engine a request can't take longer than 30 seconds for example. This will ensure that background tasks get executed after the saving process is finished and avoid the update-conflicts discussed above because overlaps between background tasks and another save() and its corresponding background task like in the example above can't happen (see figure below). Additionally crashes right after a save() won't stop updates of materialzed views because we've already started the background tasks before. Background tasks will get the photo out of the database via the photo's primary key and update its corresponding materialized view.
Using big delays avoids update-conflicts and ensures correct updates
Multiple updates to photos almost at the same time don't represent any problem for updates of materialized views because they'll start in delayed background tasks i.e. they will get the latest version of the photo out of the database in order to update the corresponding materialized view.
Apart from that, if the database crashes right before saving the user's changes but after starting the background task, the background task will still be executed resulting in updating the materialized view with the same data already saved in the materialized view. This case doesn't represent any problem.
What about inserts?
Now we still have to consider the situation in which a user creates a new photo. Because we start background tasks before a save() we don't have the primary key of the photo i.e. we can't pass the primary key of the photo to the background task. One way to solve this is to mark newly created photos with a unique UUID. The corresponding background task will use this UUID to get the newly inserted photo and create the corresponding materialized view.
How to update materialized views
Until now we discussed when to start background tasks but not how to update materialized views. It's important that each update to a materialized view will rebuild the affected entities of the materialized view from scratch (but not unaffected entities of the materialized view) because otherwise it can result in incorrect updates. Let's assume that changing a user's gender only updates the denormalized gender for the corresponding materialized view and that changes to a photo's title only update the denormalized title for the corresponding materialized view. Given this we can get into the following situation:
User's gender (hair color) changes
Photo's title changes
Background task 1 starts and only gets the user and the corresponding materialized view out of the database (in order to update denormalized_gender )
) Background task 2 starts and only gets the photo and the same materialized view out of the database (in order to update denormalized_title )
) Background task 1 saves updates to the materialized view i.e. changes denormalized_gender
Background task 2 saves updates to the materialized view i.e. changes denormalized_title overwriting changes by background task 1 i.e. the denormalized_gender
As a result we have an incorrectly updated materialized view because the background task 2 fetched the data before background task 1 saved its updates. To avoid this we always have to completely rebuild the affected entities of the materialized view. Even if only the photo's title changes we have to update the denormalized_gender too! I.e., we have to get the corresponding photo and the user! This ensures correct updates even if overwrites happen because each update rebuilds the affected entities completely i.e. the materialized view is kept up-to-date with the latest data.
Best of both worlds
Using large delays for background tasks may be unsatisfying because user may notice them. For example, a user inserts a photo but can't find it right afterwards. So you may ask "why not start another background task right after we save a photo too?" And yes that's what we suggest. Starting background tasks right after having saved an entity will ensure fast updates so we can use up-to-date materialized views in queries almost immediately. Starting delayed background tasks before we save an entity will ensure the execution of background tasks as well as correct updates to the materialized view.
However we have to keep in mind that background tasks which start immediately after a save can get into conflicts as discussed above. So you might think: "Forget about starting background tasks after a save() ", but remember we still have the background task started right before the save. This background task will clean up incorrectly updated materialized views.
The cleanup background tasks will fetch the latest photo and user info so that the materialized view will contain correctly denormalized properties afterwards even if the first background tasks got into update-conflicts.
Even if we get into the same conflict between a third update to a photo and a cleanup background task, this update starts its own delayed background task so that we've ensured a cleanup to come. So in the worst case scenario we have incorrectly updated materialized views which will get cleaned up soon. In the best case scenario we always have immediately updated materialized views. The important aspect here is that we'll always have correct materialized views.
Summarized, the following should be done:
Always start background tasks before saving entities using a large enough delay. This has the nice side effect of cleaning up wrongly updated materialized views
Start background tasks after saving entities to ensure fast updates to the materialized view
Summary
In the last three posts (including this one) we described one possible method to handle JOINs for the to-one side on non-relational databases. Let's summarize the most important points:
JOINs are achieved via denormalization using an additional model (the materialized view)
This solution comes with eventual consistency (in most cases no problem)
Doubles storage requirements (because of the materialized view) but storage is cheap
If the values of denormalized properties are allowed to change, we need background tasks
This method can be implemented on App Engine and MongoDB (in combination with celery for example) as well as on other NoSQL databases.
It becomes clear that using JOINs in the to-one direction on non-relational databases is a mess to deal with. From the view point of a developer, it's far from optimal for the following reasons:
For each model which requires JOINs you have to maintain materialized views by hand
You are forced to rethink your queries and to remember to formulate them using the denormalized fields on a different model (materialized view). Then you have to get the model actually queried for
Materialized views create dependencies between models (photos and users for example) which make them less reusable
Thus you are predestined to make bugs. The result is less productivity and much more pain while coding
So is there a better solution than setting up the whole process by hand each time we need JOINs? We believe that there is a much more elegant way to do so. Our answer is django-dbindexer, which will use the method described in this blog post series so you can use JOINs without having to rethink your queries or to add denormalized fields to your models manually! Just tell django-dbindexer which JOINS you want to use and the indexer will take care of everything else. Stay tuned!
Years ago in my ward, I attended a farewell party for a young man from our community who was heading out on their mission. Let's call them John. We all ate, swam, talked, and gave John gifts of hope and encouragement.
Then a couple of weeks later, they came home.
We didn't see John in church much after that. In fact, I'm not even sure they are still LDS, since I no longer live in that ward and don't keep up with their family other than a casual Facebook relationship.
What I do remember is hearing gossip in the ward: they were homesick, they had a breakdown, there was a girl involved, they were not mature enough, they couldn't master the language, etc. This talk was well-meaning and not at all vicious, but it was still gossiped. People wanted an explanation.
I said nothing and don't remember contributing to the gossip, but neither did I reach out to John in any way. I should have said something to encourage him. I did talk to their dad, who brought up the subject in conversation. Their frustration and their love for their son were both equally evident. They did not understand their son's need to come home, and thought John needed toughening up.
This morning, LDS Living reposted a 2011 article by a man who had to return early from their mission due to depression and bipolar disorder. It's a strong piece and recommended reading. They talk about their own feelings and also the enduring stigma of an early return. In Mormonism that stigma may be most acute in the immediate aftermath of the “failed” mission, but it can last a lifetime whenever people casually ask, “So, where did you serve your mission?”
I don't have a shred of evidence to back this up (and if any of you have evidence or counter-evidence, I hope you'll share it), but I strongly suspect that with the reduced age requirement for missionary service we are going to be seeing an increase in early returns. Some young missionaries, fresh out of high school with no prior experience of living on their own, will not be able to handle the considerable social pressure and physical requirements of a mission.
This is an opportunity for the Mormon people, a chance to show our love for them and our admiration for their willingness to try something new and difficult.
But the language we now use is of failure and damage. This language makes it worse. The LDS Living author hopes that we can find another narrative for these former missionaries, one that sees value in the time they did serve:
In the military, the view of completing missions and of wounded comrades is quite different from our view of similar situations in religious missions. If soldiers rush into battle and are wounded on their first mission or 50th mission, they are treated the same. They are given medals. They are applauded for their service, no matter how long. Their brothers and sisters at arms risk their own lives to rescue and restore those soldiers to their homes. No one looks at them differently. No one says, “Well, you didn't really help the war effort, did you?” or “Toughen up, man. It's just a bullet.” These brave men and women are honored and respected for their service. So should it be with missionaries. We were willing to go where the Lord asked. Sometimes we get hurt. All we ask for is acceptance and love. We return with dread, hoping our partial offering will still be acceptable to those we care about most. My hope is that every missionary will be loved and respected. With your understanding and support, it can happen.
Amen to that. These people have already suffered enough.
If Mack Brown were leaving as head coach at Texas, for whatever reason, Sunday–Monday at the latest–would have been a good time to announce it.
If they were staying as head coach at Texas, Sunday–Monday at the latest–would have been a good time to announce it.
If for no other reason than to be able to give recruits a straight answer, the sooner someone — Brown, athletic director Steve Patterson, president Bill Powers, influential alumni such as Tom Hicks or Red McCombs–make a decision, the better for the Longhorns.
Meantime, Brown spoke Sunday after Texas was matched against Oregon in the Jan. 30 Alamo Bowl in San Antonio as if they intend to be on the sideline coaching that game.
“We are so excited to be playing Oregon,” they said. “Great challenge…we can't wait go get down there because we know it's a tremendous challenge to be representing the Big 12.”
Note the three times they used “we.”
There's more to come.
“We didn't finish the way we wanted to but we are going to go back to work and get after these guys (Oregon) because these guys are like Baylor. They can score fast and do a tremendous job…
“Being that (Texas) has been in the second-most bowl games ever, you need to win your last game regardless of where you are coaching and that is something all our guys are aware of. They really enjoy playing in bowl games and it gives you a chance to get out of the box… playing Oregon State last year and playing Iowa earlier in the decade and now having the chance to play Oregon that is as good as anybody in the country.
“It gives you a month to prepare, you do a lot of stuff for spring practice, you are working on your team for the future and, at the same time, you have one last game for your seniors. We walked about Senior Night being at home (against Texas Tech) but really and truly your Senior Night is the bowl game.”
It really does sound as if the seniors will be the only ones not returning to campus next year, doesn't it?
Read Story Transcript
A man who became a YouTube sensation after they wrote a song about United Airlines breaking their guitar in 2009 is speaking out after the company came under fire for forcibly dragging a customer off a plane.
Dave Carroll, a Halifax musician, was flying on United to play a show. Sitting on the tarmac before takeoff, they looked out the window and saw baggage handlers throwing guitars around — and when they arrived, their guitar was broken.
It cost them $1,200 to fix their beloved instrument and United refused to pay, so they wrote the song United Breaks Guitars and uploaded it to YouTube.
Carroll's song went viral and helped them launch another career as a public speaker advocating for compassionate business practices. They also wrote a book called United Breaks Guitars: The Power of One Voice in the Age of Social Media.
On Sunday, after a passenger was filmed being dragged off a plane, United has a new public relations crisis on its hands.
As It Happens host Carol Off spoke with Carroll to see what they think of the airline's latest customer service disaster. Here is part of their conversation.
Carol Off: Dave, I didn't think that you and I would be talking about United Airlines again since they broke your guitar. What do you make of this latest incident?
Dave Carroll: I think I was as shocked as everyone else. I discovered it myself after touching down in Halifax yesterday.
Ironically, I was coming back from a customer service meeting where I was sharing my United Breaks Guitars video. My phone lit up with interest and some requests. I saw the video that everybody else has seen now. It's pretty horrific and I felt for everybody on that plane.
CO: I guess why you got all those calls is people remember what happened to you and your song. United Breaks Guitars became a bit of public relations fiasco for United back in 2009. Is your sense then that they haven't learned very much since your encounter with them?
DC: I would have thought they'd make some advances, but seven years later now, the same sort of problem has emerged. I think it has to do with a culture in the company.
When my video went viral, I received letters from the flight attendants and the pilots associations, on their letterhead. I'm paraphrasing but they said, essentially, "If you think it's bad flying with us, try working here."
So how are you supposed to dazzle your customers with great customer service if the people providing the services feel such disconnection throughout the company?
I think they have some problems that they have to change culturally, and I think if they bring more compassion into the conversation they'd be better suited.
CO: We heard from the CEO of United, Oscar Munoz. They released a statement after the incident where they apologized for having to "re-accomodate" customers and said that they were investigating. That was the extent of their comment. They were widely condemned for that. Now, today, they have gone further saying they've all responded with outrage, anger, disappointment and they have the deepest apologies for what happened. Why do you think it took 24 hours for the CEO to figure that out?
DC: It's a mystery. The first one was so awful. I think a billion dollars in market cap later, they realized that this one story is actually affecting the profitability of their company, so they had to step up and give a more heartfelt apology that showed caring and showed respect for the person who was affected.
It's not just a story. This is a person who was actually humiliated and assaulted on a plane and that needs the personal attention from the leader and the voice of the entire brand to the person affected. The second apology was where it should have been in the first place.
CO: Do you think the first apology, they were thinking about liability issues?
DC: Yeah. I think, especially in big brands, they surround themselves with a single focus. In this case, a room of lawyers are taught how to protect the brand on the basis of what is legally entitled and that sometimes should be much farther down the list.
If a company is a little bit more compassionate, they can have better outcomes and empower, not just their employees, but their passengers to think differently about their brand to the benefit of everybody.
Ultimately, I think the big story behind United Breaks Guitars has always been about the lack of compassion that was there and why compassion should be a central feature of your culture.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity. For more on this story, listen to our full interview with Dave Carroll.
If you ever plan a trip to Peru, one of the biggest tourists spots you'll see outside of Machu Picchu is Huacachina – a desert oasis right outside of the city of Ica in southern Peru. If you follow travel accounts on Instagram, you've probably seen people taking pictures of the oasis from on top of the sand dunes (I know I've seen it a million times). Huacachina is mostly marketed as a place to come for the day to relax and have fun by sand boarding or dune buggying on the massive sand dunes near by.
So before visiting, I just thought Huacachina was nothing more than a cool place to spend the day and I had no idea (as I think most people don't) that there is a local legend behind the oasis and for your reading pleasure, it goes a little something like this:
Let's start with the name shall we? The word is derived from a mix between Quechua (the
second offical national language) and Peruvian Spanish slang. Huaca, in Quechua, means “mourning” or “crying.” And China, literally meaning Chinese woman, is just slang for any young woman here in Peru. So all together, it means the Oasis of the Weeping Woman.
And why is weeping? She's weeping because, like in a lot of legends, this is a classic story of a love lost. The Huacachina was an Incan princess who fell in love with a finer than wine handsome prince. In some super predicable twist of fate, the prince dies suddenly and the princess is thrown into a deep depression. In their state of despair, they cried so much that they created a lagoon in the middle of the desert.
One day, the morose maiden was taking a bath in their lagoon of tears and a hunter came upon them and startled them so much they began to run. In their running, their mantle streamed behind them creating the sand dunes that are still there today. It is said that overtime, the Huacachina turned into a siren that lives in the lake who at any moment can choose to claim the life of those who dare to swim in my tears.
Advertisements
Euarchol Wanichpan had been listed as a missing person in Saanich since late July.
A body discovered Tuesday on the grounds of SJ Willis Educational Centre has been identified as that of Euarchol Wanichpan, who was listed as missing since late last month.
Wanichpan, 25, had been reported missing to the Saanich Police Department on July 31. The Vancouver Island Integrated Major Crime Unit (VIIMCU) and BC Coroners Service confirmed the identity of the remains, which were reportedly buried under a layer of dirt on the grounds of the school near Topaz Avenue.
RELATED: Missing Victoria woman last seen July 30
Police say foul play is suspected and are looking for the public's help in determining Euarchol's movements between the time they were last seen and the time their body was discovered. Given the suspicious nature of their disappearance, Saanich police turned the investigation over to VIIMCU.
The public is not believed to be at risk and investigators continue to gather evidence and pursue leads. Them family has requested privacy at this time as police work with them on the case.
If you have any information, please call the VIIMCU information line at 250-380-6211, or if you wish to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222- TIPS. (8477).
editor@vicnews.com
The Ford Mustang outsold the whole Lincoln brand by a 1.5-to-1 count in March. U.S. Mustang volume has, not surprisingly, risen sharply since the age of the sixth-generation model began.
March's tally, however, was particularly notable, not just because of the way in which Mustang volume made Lincoln's abysmal total appear even worse (Lincoln sales slid 3%, year-over-year, to just 8695 units) but because the Mustang outsold the Chevrolet Camaro and Dodge Challenger, combined.
That won't become a long-term trend. General Motors is already gradually leaking details of its next Camaro. The Challenger, meanwhile, is selling better than ever. Sales have only increased on an annual basis since Dodge brought the nameplate back in 2008.
Nevertheless, the Mustang's March total of 12,663 U.S. sales was, according to Ford, the “best performance in eight years.”
More precisely, Mustang volume hasn't been this healthy on a monthly basis since June 2007.
Car March 2015 March 2014 % Change 3 mos. 2015 3 mos. 2014 % Change Ford Mustang 12,663 9,305 36.1% 29,811 19,596 52.1% Dodge Challenger 6,110 4,882 25.2% 15,957 11,034 44.6% Chevrolet Camaro 5,956 8,624 -30.9% 17,320 19,568 -11.5% — — — — — — — Total 24,729 22,811 8.4% 63,088 50,198 25.7%
Remember the summer of oh-seven? Yeah, Bush was president, Craig Biggio was still playing baseball, and you were singing all the words to Umbrella in a rented Caliber. More importantly, the Camaro hadn't returned from its lengthy hiatus, and the Challenger was still months away from being available for order.
In that era, 12,781 Mustang sales wasn't all that impressive. Ford averaged nearly 14,000 monthly Mustang sales in the United States the year before.
But in 2015, when the overall passenger car market isn't quite as large and in decline, when competitors of various types are attempting to steal sales, when most other Ford cars posting decreased volume, the Mustang's surge to 12,663 March sales is rather impressive.
The Mustang was America's 18th-best-selling car in March 2015 and finished the month just 68 sales back of the 17th-ranked Kia Soul. Besting vehicles like the Subaru Outback and Volkswagen Jetta, the Mustang accounted for 17% of Ford brand car sales, significantly more than the Taurus, Taurus Police Interceptor, Fiesta, and C-Max combined.
Timothy Cain is the founder of GoodCarBadCar.net, which obsesses over the free and frequent publication of U.S. and Canadian auto sales figures. Challenger year-to-date figures updated, intiially published with Charger Q1 figures.
Data collected by the Hamilton 68 dashboard consistently reveals this dichotomy, with a mixture of red-meat content that is promoted to satiate the target audience and geopolitical content that is promulgated to serve Moscow's foreign policy agenda. It is a strategy that draws on a basic theory of social psychology: people are far more likely to be persuaded by views that come from inside rather than outside their social networks. It is also a strategy that takes advantage of America's open, democratic information environment — the very kind of environment the Kremlin has worked so hard to dismantle within Russia.
While this tactic has long been used in the real world by intelligence operatives to recruit assets or to exert influence over targeted populations, the anonymity and reach of social networking tools in the digital world has made the process easier, cheaper, and possibly more effective. No longer is advanced tradecraft required to execute a successful influence operation; now, basic cultural and linguistic skills, along with an understanding of trending algorithms, is all that is needed for Kremlin-oriented accounts to insinuate themselves into more organic social networks, including in the United States. And once an account has established its in-group credentials, it can then present the Kremlin's views on a range of issues — not as an outsider, but as a trusted member of the tribe.
The objective of Kremlin influence operations, part of a larger set of tactics and strategies known as active measures, is to make the target population more amenable to Kremlin wants and desires. They achieve this either by gaining a sympathetic hearing of their views, or failing that, by keeping us busy fighting among ourselves. The Kremlin seeks both to sow discord and create chaos in Western societies and rally support for, or limit opposition to, its geopolitical agenda. One method for achieving that objective is to try and meet particular segments of the U.S. population half way — promoting content and focusing on issues of interest to the target audience some of the time, while presenting Kremlin-friendly views of issues of greater concern to Russia the rest of the time. The strategy, in essence, is to establish credibility and trust within a specific population by expressing support for “shared” social or political views, and then to use that credibility to promote the Kremlin's more clearly defined goals and interests.
The Limits of Influence
While influence can be challenging to measure, we know what it is, and also what it is not. Influence is not mind control. Influence is not puppet mastering. It is a nudge or a shove, usually in the direction someone is already predisposed to lean. No amount of influence can change hardened views; therefore, it is imperative that an influence operation target an audience whose views are, at the very least, malleable. The Kremlin knows this, of course, and thus strategically targets segments of the population — whether on the far left or the far right — that are the most likely to be persuaded.
In the context of the United States, Moscow has, at various points, courted both sides of the political spectrum. During the early stages of the 2016 presidential campaign, for example, the Kremlin sought to influence supporters of upstart candidates in both parties — a fact supported by recent revelations that show that Russian-financed ads and active measures targeted audiences on the left as well as the right. As with most Russian active measures, early attempts were indiscriminate and often unsophisticated. Of course, we know that the Kremlin eventually tried to influence the outcome of the election, and did so with a clear preference for one of the two main candidates. It is important to stress, however, that this move was strategic and not ideological. Simply put, the Kremlin likely viewed Donald Trump as the candidate who would best serve their interests — whether that meant a loosening of economic sanctions, a weakening of transatlantic ties, or a worsening of divisions within the United States — and targeted audiences accordingly.
While the Kremlin succeeded to the extent that their preferred candidate now resides in the White House, they overplayed their hand, exposing enough of their active measures that the president they helped put in office began their term politically weakened. But Moscow's unabashed targeting of Donald Trump's core supporters was, and is, about more than influencing the election or improving bilateral relations. This is evidenced by the fact that the Kremlin-influence network on Twitter has not stopped targeting supporters of President Trump, especially those who identify more with POTUS than the GOP, and who conflate the president and their interests with those of the United States. With hopes dashed for warmer relations with the United States, the obvious question is what does Moscow hope to gain from their position of influence within that network? One answer is that their traction within far-right ecosystems allows them to sow discord and deepen the preexisting divisions within American society. But the more strategic answer involves garnering support for, or neutering opposition to, Moscow's key foreign policy priorities, namely in Syria and Ukraine.
Unsurprisingly, Syria and Ukraine are the two geopolitical topics that most frequently appear on the Hamilton 68 dashboard. Between September 23 and September 29, for example, over 30 percent of the top URLs that appeared on the dashboard featured stories about Syria or Ukraine, with all of them presenting a decidedly pro-Kremlin and/or anti-American narrative. Moscow's objective in sharing these views is clear. The critical question, of course, is whether the Kremlin's efforts have worked, both in terms of influencing opinions within the targeted audience and shaping the broader public debate. While that question is unanswerable, it is clear that Moscow sees the alt-right as the audience most likely to support their policy goals, both in regards to the two asupervisorstioned conflicts and in their skepticism of internationalism, especially in relation to the EU and NATO.
The Kremlin's consistent amplification of far-right narratives should therefore be viewed as a strategic targeting decision, rather than recruitment of an ideological ally. The Kremlin ultimately cares about influence, not an audience's orientation. If two different candidates had emerged from the 2016 U.S. primaries, Kremlin-oriented accounts could very well be engaging different audiences with a different message. As political winds inevitably shift in the United States and Europe, it is essential to stress that any audience that is seen as useful and corruptible is a potential target for future Kremlin influence operations.
JobTech, a local start-up which provides an online job-matching service for retrenched workers, has been forced to take down its Jobseeker website.
Co-founder Charlotte Lim told The Straits Times that a job portal had served JobTech a notice "to refrain from using data from its website".
They declined to name the portal but said the legal warning prompted JobTech to temporarily shut down its Jobseeker website to regroup and rethink its strategy. The move comes just one month after JobTech crossed its one-year anniversary.
The start-up - chaired by Mr Philip Yeo, who is synonymous with A*Star (Agency for Science, Technology and Research) - made headlines last year when it made an open offer to Facebook to help sift and label fake news on social media.
Last week, JobTech sent out an e-mail with the subject heading: "We didn't think this would happen..."
In the sobering note to some 5,000 subscribers - mostly professionals, managers, executives and technicians (PMETs) - it wrote: "Recently, we found out that not everyone shares our view of wanting to help retrenched PMETs get back to work. As a result, we have had to take down our Jobseeker website for the moment. We didn't think it would happen because we thought we were providing a valuable and important service."
Jobseeker provides PMETs with free job-matching services by trawling 10 major job portals here to ferret out genuine postings. PMETs are then directed to contact the portals if they are interested.
Related Story New programme to help those above 40 find re-employment in technology sector
IMPORTANT SERVICE The PMET group is highly vulnerable to job displacement. We now have almost 20,000 Singaporeans who are long-term unemployed. MR PHILIP YEO, JobTech's chairperson, on how the unidentified job portal had blocked access to data which could help PMETs find work.
When contacted, Mr Yeo said it is "regrettable" that the job portal had blocked access to data which could help PMETs get back to work. "The PMET group is highly vulnerable to job displacement. We now have almost 20,000 Singaporeans who are long-term unemployed," they said.
JobTech has since been adding the individual career pages of more than 500 global companies to its data source. This means analysing more than one million global job postings a day, from thousands of Singapore job postings before.
The firm - which has 20 data analytics clients for its artificial intelligence (AI) engine - is hoping to relaunch its Jobseeker website as early as next month. Its AI engine, licensed from A*Star, also powers the Jobseeker website.
Said former precision engineer Ernest Tan, 40, who is jobless: "With the relaunch of Jobseeker, I will get to search for exclusive jobs not listed on job portals but scattered across thousands of company websites."
About
Oh You are a slang term used as a reply to a clever or brash statement. Online, it can be found in image macros or on message boards as a retort. As of May 2012, the phrase has become associated with a subreddit dedicated to a series of 4 pane comics featuring a man and a dog.
Origin
One of the earliest instances of the phrase "Oh, You" being used in this manner may have been the 1920 novel Oh, You Tex! by American novelist William MacLeod Raine. In the Western romance novel, the main character, Tex works their way up from being looked down upon within the cowboy community to marrying the boss' daughter. As Tex leaves for their honeymoon, a friend shouts, "Oh, you," as they ride off, remarking at their climb up the social ladder.
The phrase has been paired with an image of a man condescendingly looking down at something with their hands on their hips. Though the origin of this photo is unclear, it has been used on message boards since February 2006 , when Newgrounds user Wtflrish posted it in response to site moderator Gooch's story about running over a tumbleweed with their car. Another image associated with the phrase is a derivative of a NO U photo that was popular on the Something Awful message boards.
Spread
In 2007, the image appeared on the Gamespot Forums as well as on 4chan in a /v/ (video games) thread. It was later added to reaction face repository My Face When. A Facebook fan page for the phrase was created in February 2010 and it was added to Urban Dictionary that June. The phrase is often found as a Tumblr tag or on Twitter as the hashtag #ohyou
Use on Reddit
In May 2012, the Oh You reaction photo became paired with an image of a dog that had been online since as early as March 2009. An edited version of the dog photo was created in January 2012 and became known as 6o163s's Dog in March 2012. The two-pane image featuring the man and the dog was first submitted to the Funny subreddit on March 4th, 2012, where it received 14,983 upvotes and 1693 overall points.
On May 17th, 2012, Redditor Se7en_Sinner submitted an image to the /r/Funny subreddit featuring both the faces of the man and the dog on a blue-background with the caption Oh, You! placed between them. In the comments, Redditor iglock shared a 4 pane template and a comic of their own. Over the next two days, a handful of other comics were submitted to /r/Funny before the /r/OhYou subreddit was created for them on May 19th. In six days, the subreddit gained more than 1000 readers. The comics typically illustrate the dog telling various anti-jokes that end in a final panel with the titular phrase "Oh You." As of December 24th, 2012, the subreddit has more than 2000 readers but posts do not appear often.
Following the popularity of these comics on Reddit in May 2012, series of them appeared on humor sites We Know Memes , QuickLOL , Izismile , Memebase and Guyism.
Notable Examples
Search Interest
External References
José Mourinho has revealed that they are openly happy in their current role as Chelsea manager. The 'Blues' manager has admitted for the first time in their professional life that they are not looking ahead to what their next challenge might be.
"I'll only leave here when they want me to. No country, club or investment motivates me. I'll only leave when Roman Abramovich calls me to say it's over", they revealed in an interview published in Portuguese sports newspaper 'Record' on Monday.
The Portuguese manager explained that they had never previously experienced this feeling: "While giving my body and soul to every project I've led, I always used to have a few moments to think about what the next challenge might be", which is no longer the case nowadays.
"I really am the 'Happy One'", added the 51-year-old ahead of their side's Champions League clash away to Sporting Lisbon.
Peter Mansbridge OC (born July 6, 1948), is an English-born Canadian retired news anchor. From 1988 to 2017, they were chief correspondent for CBC News and anchor of The National, CBC Television's flagship nightly newscast. They were also host of CBC News Network's Mansbridge One on One. Mansbridge has received many awards and accolades for their journalistic work including an honorary doctorate from Mount Allison University where they served as chancellor until the end of 2017.[1] On September 5, 2016, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation announced that Mansbridge would be stepping down as chief correspondent and anchor on July 1, 2017, following coverage of Canada's 150th anniversary celebrations.[2][3]
Early life [ edit ]
Mansbridge was born on July 6, 1948, in London, England.[4] They and their siblings Paul and Wendy were the children of Stanley Harry Mansbridge, D.F.C.[5] (1918–2005), an RAF Wing Commander[5] who worked as a civil servant in England, Malaya, and Canada; and Brenda Louise Mansbridge (née Harris-Jones, died 2008).[6] Their father received a D.F.C. for their service as a navigator aboard an Avro Lancaster bomber during World War II.[5] After moving to Ottawa, Ontario, Mansbridge attended high school at the Glebe Collegiate Institute, but dropped out before graduating. They served in the Royal Canadian Navy in 1966 and 1967.
Newscasting career [ edit ]
Mansbridge worked as a ticket agent for Transair at Churchill Airport in Churchill, Manitoba. In 1968, Mansbridge was discovered by Gaston Charpentier, a station manager for the local Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) radio station CHFC, when they heard Mansbridge making a flight announcement. Charpentier hired the 19-year-old Mansbridge as the host of CHFC's late night music program.[7] In 1971, Mansbridge moved to Winnipeg to continue as a reporter for the CBW radio station and in the next year, they joined CBWT-TV as a reporter.
In 1975, Mansbridge became a reporter in Saskatchewan for the CBC's flagship evening news program The National. In 1976, they relocated to Ottawa to become parliamentary correspondent.[7] Following a decade of political coverage, Mansbridge had become a substitute anchor for Knowlton Nash and in 1988, CBS offered them a job as a co-anchor for a morning show. To keep Mansbridge in Canada, Nash retired from their anchoring duties at the CBC.[8]
Mansbridge was also the announcer of CBC News' This Week In Parliament (1981–1993), which was hosted by colleague Don Newman; Mansbridge provided the voice-over for the opening, intro, and ending of the program.[citation needed]
On May 1, 1988, Mansbridge debuted as the sole anchor of The National. In 1992 they became co-anchor with Pamela Wallin of CBC Prime Time News, which replaced The National as CBC Television's main network newscast; when the newscast reverted to the name The National in 1995, Mansbridge resumed their role as the program's sole anchor.
During their tenure as anchor, they have covered Canadian news stories including federal elections, party leadership conventions, the Meech Lake Accord negotiations, the Charlottetown Accord and its referendum, the 1995 Quebec referendum, floods in Manitoba in 1997, ice storms in Ontario and Quebec in 1998, the six days in September 2000 that marked the death and state funeral of Pierre Trudeau, the 2003 blackout across much of Eastern North America and the death and state funeral of Jack Layton. Their coverage of the blackout was notable because the normally clean-shaven Mansbridge had grown a beard during their summer hiatus (as they did every summer), and the news of the blackout broke with no time for them to shave. Thus, Canadian viewers saw a bearded Peter Mansbridge reporting on the events of that day.
They have also anchored coverage of many world events, both in the studio and on the scene. In the studio, they anchored coverage of the Gulf War, the War in Kosovo, the September 11 attacks and the 2014 Parliament Hill shootings. They were on the air live when the 2003 invasion of Iraq began and anchored coverage of it. On the scene, they anchored coverage of the fall of the Berlin Wall, the funerals of Diana, Princess of Wales and Pope John Paul II, numerous royal, papal, and US presidential visits to Canada, numerous Olympic Games, and the inauguration of US President Barack Obama. They reported extensively from Normandy both 50 and then 60 years after D-Day and from the United Kingdom and the Netherlands for the fiftieth anniversary of V-E Day. They also reported from the Netherlands for the sixtieth anniversary of V-E Day.
In 1999, they launched a new program, Mansbridge One on One, in which they interview newsmakers.
With the retirement of Lloyd Robertson of CTV National News on September 1, 2011, Mansbridge became the longest-serving active anchor among the big three networks in Canada, as Dawna Friesen had taken over as anchor at Global National only in 2010.[9] Lisa LaFlamme taking over for Robertson also meant that Mansbridge is the only male chief anchor among the big three English networks in Canada (Mansbridge, LaFlamme, and Friesen).[10]
Controversies [ edit ]
Speaking fees controversy [ edit ]
In 2014 Mansbridge faced criticism for accepting speaking fees. Mansbridge defended themselves saying they gave about 20 speeches each year, about half of them unpaid, and that they often donate part of the money to charity. However, they had recently made a paid speech at the Investment Symposium organized by the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP), a lobby group that promotes the pro-oil-sands-development side of the debate.[11][12] Media critics felt accepting payment from an agency actively trying to influence public policy, even if it was only as a speaking fee, could be a conflict of interest.[13] Mansbridge was the second CBC employee discovered to be accepting money from outside agencies for speaking fees. Rex Murphy of CBC's Cross Country Check-up was the first.[14] CBC president Hubert Lacroix defended the practice stating that the CBC was aware of the speaking engagements and payments, having pre-vetted them for any potential conflict of interest.[15] Nevertheless, the CBC reviewed its policies following the controversy.[14] In 2016, anonymous insider sources from the CBC told CANADALAND that the CBC compensated Mansbridge for losing earnings from speaking fees; Mansbridge denies this claim.[16]
Salary speculation [ edit ]
In 2011, Conservative Member of Parliament, Brent Rathgeber, had questions regarding the compensation of Peter Mansbridge and other CBC personalities.[17][18] The former Canadian Heritage Minister, James Moore, stated that, while Mansbridge could disclose their salary on their own accord, the Canadian Government could not be compelled to do so.[17][18] In 2014, the CBC provided a document to the Canadian Senate Committee on Transport and Communications indicating that Peter Mansbridge earned $80,000 per year.[19] Later that year, CBC released additional documents to both the Senate and on its own webpage demonstrating that four CBC "on-air" employees earned more than $300,000 per year (the average salary of these four employees was $485,667 per year in 2014); while the CBC did not disclose the name of these employees, it was speculated that Peter Mansbridge was likely in this group of four.[20][21][22] While the CBC still releases a Compensation Report online, it does not include prior years; however some screen captures of the 2014 compensation report were made available by media outlets.[22][23] In 2016, an anonymous source revealed CBC internal documents to CANADALAND's Jesse Brown indicating that Peter Mansbridge's salary, including additional remunerations on top of their base pay, was roughly $1.1 million per year for a number of years prior to 2014.[16] Despite there being screen captures of Mansbridge's alleged employee file and salary numbers, Mansbridge has strongly denied the veracity of the $1.1 million per year salary figure.[16]
Retirement in 2017 [ edit ]
Mansbridge stepped down from anchoring The National on July 1, 2017.[2][24]
From October to December 2017, Mansbridge undertook a 17-stop cross-Canada storytelling tour.[25][26]
They came out of retirement to co-host CBC's coverage of the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in May 2018.[27]
Personal life [ edit ]
Mansbridge has been married three times. Their previous marriage to CBC colleague Wendy Mesley (January 6, 1989 – 1992) became regular tabloid fodder in Frank magazine as their marriage ended.[28] They have been married to Canadian actor Cynthia Dale since November 14, 1998,[29] and they have a son, William, born in 1999.[30] Mansbridge has two daughters from a first marriage to Parm Dhillon, which ended in 1975.[citation needed] They live in Stratford, Ontario with their family, and also has a summer cottage in the Gatineau Hills.[31]
Among their hobbies, Mansbridge collects small mementos from their travels around the world, including rocks, soil and other “sentimental” items from various prominent historical places. They kept pebbles from a visit to the Battle of Dieppe site in France, dirt from Vimy Ridge, and sand from the beaches at Normandy, as well as pieces of the Berlin Wall and the Great Wall of China.[32] A silver bracelet was bought on their trip to South Africa for Nelson Mandela's funeral, which is engraved only with the numerals “46664” — Mandela's prisoner number on Robben Island.[33]
Mansbridge is also an avid and longtime fan of the Winnipeg Jets, having attended the signing of Bobby Hull in 1972 while working as a reporter for CBWT.[34] Mansbridge's public support for the Jets – including use of their Twitter account – is often seen as a humorous contrast to their balanced reporting style.[35] To underline this image, Mansbridge is also known to occasionally make jokes at the expense of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Nonetheless, they continue to support their childhood Maple Leafs in a secondary capacity.[35]
Mansbridge had a voice cameo in the 2016 Walt Disney Animation Studios film Zootopia as "Peter Moosebridge," an anthropomorphic moose news anchor.[36]
Awards and honourary degrees [ edit ]
Mansbridge has won several honours throughout their career, including 12 Gemini awards. In 2008, they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada, the second grade of nation's second highest civilian honour.[37][38] In that capacity, the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal was also conferred upon them in 2012.
Peter Mansbridge has received a number of honorary degrees; these include:
Matt Ludtke/Associated Press The Packers' defense had no answer for Ahmad Bradshaw and Co. in the Giants' 37-20 playoff triumph in Green Bay.
The Green Bay Packers' championship aspirations went up in smoke a season ago behind a faltering defense that allowed too many points and big plays in critical moments. The unit finished dead last in total defense in 2011.
Mike McCarthy and Dom Capers have spent the offseason crafting a plan to retool the unit in 2012 and help the Packers reclaim their spot atop the NFC. While part of the plan includes assimilating a host of talented rookies into the lineup, the majority of Green Bay's problems must be resolved in practice.
After watching a few tapes from last season, here are three things for the Packers to focus on during minicamp:
1. Diversify the pass rush.
In a league that is governed by the pass, elite defenses must be able to mount consistent pressure on the quarterback. Constant harassment alters the timing of the passing game and leads to negative plays from the offense. During their Super Bowl run in 2010, the Packers were outstanding in this category, recording 47 sacks (second in the NFL) and forcing 32 takeaways (sixth).
Last season, though, the Packers only mustered 29 sacks, third-worst in the NFL, with linebackers Clay Matthews and Desmond Bishop accounting for 38 percent of that production. While Capers' version of the 3-4 certainly places the onus on the linebackers to make the majority of the plays within the scheme, the lack of a legitimate pass-rushing threat opposite Matthews limited the effectiveness of the Packers' zone-blitz tactics. Opponents routinely slid their pass protection in Matthews' direction and counted on running backs or tight ends to hold up in isolated matchups against Green Bay's backside rusher. Without a dominant edge player in place to exploit the tactic, the Packers' pass rush (and Matthews' production) declined dramatically, allowing quarterbacks to push the ball down the field without fear of a pocket collapse.
To address the problem, the Packers used a first-round pick on USC DE Nick Perry. The 6-foot-3, 271-pounder is a sneaky pass rusher with great hands and technical skills. Although they aren't an athlete in the class of Matthews, Perry possesses the first-step quickness and burst to hunt quarterbacks down off the edge. The Packers will line them up at LOLB and allow them to work extensively against right tackles, which are usually less athletic than left tackles. This should result in six to eight sacks from the rookie rusher, based on their agility and skill.
More importantly, the presence of a legitimate rusher opposite Matthews should allow the Pro Bowler to see fewer double teams, leading to better production and more disruptive plays.
Darlington: The ref-placements As things heat up between the NFL and disgruntled refs, are players concerned about fallout? Jeff Darlington investigates.
As things heat up between the NFL and disgruntled refs, are players concerned about fallout?investigates. More ...
The Packers also hope to get better production from a defensive line that only combined for nine sacks a season ago. The team picked up a couple veterans in free agency (Anthony Hargrove and Phillip Merling) and added two defensive tackles in the draft (Jerel Worthy and Mike Daniels) to upgrade the quickness and athleticism of the front line. Worthy, a second-round pick, could emerge as an immediate difference maker with their first-step quickness and snap anticipation. As a three-technique at Michigan State, they routinely defeated offensive guards with finesse moves following an explosive "get off," and that kind of disruption would certainly help the Packers contain opponents' passing offenses.
With more players capable of contributing to the pass rush, Capers will certainly use the next series of practices as an opportunity to experiment with different schemes and tactics to free rushers at the line of scrimmage.
2. Keep balls in front of the defense.
Against today's aerial offenses, defenders can't allow balls to fly over the top of the defense. Big plays must be kept to a minimum. This premise is uttered in every defensive meeting room across the NFL, and I know it is stressed in Green Bay, based on conversations with some of their defensive coaches.
Last season, though, the Packers failed to adhere to those principles. The team allowed 71 pass plays of 20-plus yards (second-most in the NFL) and yielded 10 passes over 40 yards. Consequently, the Packers gave up nine 300-plus yard passing games, including three games with over 400 passing yards from the opponent. Those numbers are startling from a unit that features some of the best secondary personnel in the NFL. From Charles Woodson, Tramon Williams and Sam Shields forming a dynamic cornerback trio on the outside to Morgan Burnett and Charlie Peprah serving as ball-hawking safeties, the Packers certainly don't lack talent in the back end. Green Bay possesses the size, athleticism and length that scouts covet in secondary defenders, and their collective skills helped the Packers easily lead the NFL in interceptions a season ago.
However, the unit didn't play with consistent discipline in coverage and repeatedly allowed receivers to run freely through vacated zones. Some of the problems could be attributed to questionable communication prior to the snap, which led to a few coverage busts. Although the lack of offseason work due to the lockout certainly didn't help the secondary develop the trust and accountability needed to thrive in the back end, the chemistry between defenders should not have been an issue based on the length of time the unit has played together. To alleviate this problem, the Packers will emphasize communication between the safeties and corners throughout workouts and likely implement some hand signals to verify calls. This will not only allow players to confirm communication, but it will allow coaches to see that the correct information is being exchanged when they watch game tape.
The Packers will also work on refining the games of Williams and Shields. Both guys appeared to take a step back in their development a season ago, and the drop-off in performance forced coaches to scale back some of their aggressiveness due to concerns about matchups on the outside. Shields, in particular, struggled to hold up in isolated matchups near the end of the season, and their inability to lock down their side prevented Capers from attacking quarterbacks with relentless pressure. With more teams opting to use spread formation featuring three and four receivers, the Packers need their third corner to regain their form to compete against the elite offenses in the NFL.
3. Improve open-field tackling.
The Packers must reduce the number of missed tackles in the open field. While the defense swarmed to the ball with reckless abandon last year, the first defenders on the scene routinely missed the runner, leading to extra yardage on the second level. In addition, the Packers took some poor pursuit angles to the ball, leaving cutback seams available for shifty runners in space.
Part of the Packers' suspect tackling could be blamed on the team adjusting to the league's new rules regarding contact and padded practices (only 14 padded practices during the regular season). The team is only allowed one day of heavy contact work during the week, making it hard to prepare for the speed and intensity of contact on game day. When the Packers had a similar problem arise following the 2009 season, McCarthy and Capers instituted a tackling circuit drill that was performed on a daily basis. That tactic could return this season to rectify the problem. Although the padded-practice reductions will force the team to modify some of its drills, the emphasis on angles, body placement and wrapping up ball carriers will remain a priority.
The Packers will also add more defensive pursuit drills to correct some of the poor angles used by defenders chasing the ball. Although these drills are simple by design (coaches place cones along the sideline and assign various positions to run toward a designated cone), the process of conducting these drills on the grass reinforces the importance of taking the proper course to the ball.
Follow Bucky Brooks on Twitter @BuckyBrooks
MPs say it is unacceptable for Home Office to continue basing decisions on guidance acknowledged to be wrong
Hundreds of asylum applications from Eritreans are being incorrectly refused by the government owing to its “unacceptable” policy on accepting refugees from the country, MPs have said.
The home affairs select committee has called on the Home Office to explain why it still has not updated its guidance on asylum seekers from Eritrea, even though it has acknowledged the guidance to be wrong.
The cross-party committee of MPs noted in a report published on Wednesday that 86% of appeals from Eritrean asylum seekers were decided in their favour in the first quarter of 2016.
“This suggests to us that the Home Office country guidance for Eritrea was wrong and applications for asylum from Eritrean nationals have been incorrectly refused,” said the report. “This is the third consecutive report in which we have commented on the approach of the Home Office to asylum-seeking Eritreans. It is unacceptable that the Home Office is still getting so many of its decisions regarding nationals of this country wrong.”
Until it controversially updated its country advice in March 2015, while Theresa May was home secretary, the Home Office advised that it was not safe to return most asylum seekers to Eritrea, which has been described as “the North Korea of Africa”. But the updated Home Office guidance claimed that citizens who left Eritrea without permission – many of them to escape its indefinite military service – would not face persecution if they returned.
The change of advice was based on a report, produced for the Danish government, that has since been discredited and from which the Danish government has distanced itself. One expert, who led an independent inquiry into the Home Office guidance, said in January that “an undergraduate would be failed” for producing such a document.
It's not at war, but up to 3% of its people have fled. What is going on in Eritrea? Read more
The home affairs committee said that where there were concerns over the accuracy of country guidance, as there were with Eritrea, the Home Office should “suspend decisions until such a time that those concerns have been investigated and, where necessary, revised guidance put in place”, or risk repatriating people to countries that were known to be unsafe or clogging up appeals courts unnecessarily.
In 2015, Eritreans accounted for the largest group of people applying for asylum in the UK, with 3,726 applications. The changed Home Office advice resulted in the number of Eritreans granted protection in the UK plummeting, from a 73% approval rate in the first quarter of 2015 to 34% in the second quarter.
However, the majority of these rejections are being overturned on appeal. In the first quarter of 2016, 86% of all appeals of Eritrean nationals were granted. This number is far higher than the appeal grant rate for other nationalities – the next highest successful appeal rate is for Iranians at 52%. The home affairs committee also suggested that the Home Office review its country advice on Iran, given that such a large number of decisions were being overturned on appeal.
The cost to the government of asylum appeals from Eritreans has risen by more than £5m since the change of country advice came into effect. An asylum claim costs an average of £1,300 to the government; this increases to £3,300 if the claim goes to appeal, according to the Ministry of Justice.
According to freedom of information data obtained by the Guardian, in the year before the country advice was changed (April 2014 to March 2015) there were 308 appeals of asylum decisions from Eritrean nationals, at a cost to the government of roughly £1m. In the year after the change of country advice (April 2015 to March 2016) there were 1,894 appeals by Eritreans, costing taxpayers £6.25m.
Number of Eritreans granted protection in UK plummets Read more
Zecahrias*, a 35-year-old Eritrean who came to the UK just after the Home Office guidance changed and had their initial asylum claim rejected, said they believed the Home Office was deliberately rejecting Eritreans to try to deter others from seeking asylum in Britain.
“They know what's going on, they know the truth and we know what they are doing. Maybe the Home Office are saying, because we give them [asylum] easily, people are flowing to us, so if we reject them then people will not come,” they said.
Zecahrias was serving in the Eritrean military – as part of an indefinite mandatory military service scheme – when they left the country after learning that they were in danger of being arrested and possibly killed by the government. Zecahrias's father was “disappeared” by the government in 2000 and the family have had no news of them in 15 years.
“I decided it's better to do something and die than wait for them [to] kill me,” they said.
Zecahrias underwent a harrowing journey from Eritrea: they crossed the Sahara, was twice arrested in Libya and travelled in a boat for 15 hours on the Mediterranean. While they were in Libya they met their girlfriend, who is also a refugee. On arrival in the UK they thought they were safe.
UK 'using misleading information' to return Eritrean asylum seekers Read more
“We believed the UK government is the best-organised, the one who was looking after human rights, who have the power to change everything and make it right,” they said.
When their asylum claim was rejected, Zecahrias's girlfriend was pregnant and the news devastated him. They struggled to leave the house and lived in fear that the government would send them back to Eritrea, where they thought they would be arrested, if not killed.
“If the government of [the] UK was planning to take me back home on the plane, I was planning suicide,” they said. “It's not what I was expecting when coming to England.”
They had their asylum claim granted on appeal, something they say is now expected by Eritrean asylum seekers. “I want to thank [the British government] for what they do,” said Zecahrias, who is now working in Leeds and supporting their girlfriend and son. “But they know the truth, they can solve this.”
“All country information and guidance is based on a careful and objective assessment of available evidence from a range of sources including the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, local, national and international organisations, and media outlets,” said a Home Office spokesperson.
“We continually review our country information and guidance to ensure it is up-to-date, accurate and relevant, so that staff can make fair and considered decisions.”
*Name has been changed
One of the hottest and ugliest judicial campaign battles of last fall was over Justice Lloyd Karmeier‘s reelection to the Illinois Supreme Court. Karmeier, who was first elected to the state high court in 2004 and subsequently voted to overturn billion-dollar judgments against Philip Morris and State Farm, faced a deluge of ads from plaintiffs' lawyers who claimed they were beholden to corporate defendants that had supposedly bankrolled their 2004 campaign.
Justice Karmeier squeaked through the 2014 retention vote, but they continue to be dogged by questions about their original election. Last week U.S. District Judge David Herndon of East St. Louis, Illinois, ruled that plaintiffs' lawyers representing a class of State Farm auto insurance policyholders may depose the state justice about the strategy and funding of their 2004 race.
The policyholders alleged in a 2012 racketeering suit against State Farm that the insurer secretly orchestrated Karmeier's election, with the implicit expectation that they would vote to overturn a $1.05 billion class action judgment against the company. The Illinois Supreme Court, including Justice Karmeier, vacated the judgment in 2005 and declined a 2011 petition by the class to vacate its decision. The policyholders then filed the RICO suit asserting that State Farm and individual defendants conspired to install Karmeier on the Illinois Supreme Court in order to secure their vote to overturn the judgment.
The RICO complaint didn't name the justice as a defendant, but in 2014 plaintiffs' lawyers subpoenaed them to appear at a deposition. Justice Karmeier, represented by Anthony Martin of Sandberg Phoenix & Von Gontard, moved to quash the subpoena. They said that the RICO plaintiffs are not entitled to ask questions about the state Supreme Court's deliberative process and shouldn't be permitted to depose a judge based only on inflammatory allegations. “Impugning the integrity of an Illinois Supreme Court Justice, and indeed the court itself, through unsupported accusations of criminal activity is serious business,” the justice's quash motion said. “It is also annoying, embarrassing, oppressive and unduly burdensome.”
Lawyers for the policyholders, led by Robert Clifford and Gordon Ball, replied that the deliberative privilege does not apply because they didn't intend to ask Justice Karmeier about how the state Supreme Court reached its decision but about how they were recruited as a candidate for the high court and who backed the 2004 campaign.
U.S. Magistrate Judge Stephen Williams sided with Justice Karmeier in January, ruling that the plaintiffs were searching for information about the judge's decision not to recuse themselves from hearing State Farm's appeal in 2005, which implicated the protected deliberative process. They also agreed with Justice Karmeier that allowing the deposition of a sitting justice, when plaintiffs haven't offered evidence that they were complicit in the alleged fraud, “raises concerns for the dignity and integrity of the Illinois courts.” The magistrate said plaintiffs could ask questions of the justice in a narrowly tailored interrogatory that asked only about State Farm's involvement with their campaign.
Judge Herndon felt otherwise. “What has been pleaded in this complaint, whether it can ever be proven, must be accorded a fair opportunity for both sides to explore the facts and for the public, in the face of such allegations, to learn the truth,” they wrote in last week's decision.
Herndon, who was appointed by President Clinton, previously denied the RICO defendants' motion to dismiss the suit. Last January, the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals denied the defendants' motion for a writ of mandamus against the judge.
Plaintiffs' lawyer Clifford and Karmeier counsel Martin did not respond to requests for comment.
For more of my posts, please go to WestlawNext Practitioner Insights
Follow me on Twitter
The company rented out its final title on Saturday after announcing that it is closing its roughly 300 remaining stores by early 2014.
Blockbuster, which announced last week that it is closing its remaining 300 or so stores, has rented its final movie, and it's a fitting title: This Is the End.
The Seth Rogen apocalyptic movie was rented Saturday at a store in Hawaii, according to a tweet sent out by the company.
Rogen replied with their own tweet:
The last movie ever rented from a blockbuster was this is the end. In high school I would go hang out at blockbuster every day. — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) November 11, 2013
Blockbuster had previously announced that Saturday would be the final days for rentals.
Owner Dish Network announced last week that the formerly dominant video rental retailer would close its 300 stores and distribution centers by early 2014 and end its DVD-by-mail service. The company said that franchised stores will stay open.
GUEST COLUMN: Bye, Bye Blockbuster: A Eulogy for the 3-Day Rental
"This is not an easy decision, yet consumer demand is clearly moving to digital distribution of video entertainment," said Joseph P. Clayton, Dish president and CEO. "Despite our closing of the physical distribution elements of the business, we continue to see value in the Blockbuster brand, and we expect to leverage that brand as we continue to expand our digital offerings."
Dish, which acquired Blockbuster in 2011 with a $320 million auction bid, said that the brand will continue. Digital products include its streaming service Blockbuster On Demand and Blockbuster @Home TV package.
I'll be sharing the items we'll have for sale at the upcoming Sakura Con this month! For more info on the event feel free to tweet me @gsc_mamitan!
Below are the Nendoroids we will be bringing with us to Sakura Con!
First up Nendoroid Snow Miku Snow Owl Version and Nendoroid Harvest Moon Miku are coming to Sakura Con!
We do love Miku and we know you do too so we're bringing more with Nendoroid Senbozakura Miku and Nendoroid Hatsune Miku: Yukata Ver. Natsutsubaki!
Bringing more Madoka love with Original Nendoroid Madoka Kanama and Nendoroid Madoka Kaname Maiko Version!
We also LOVE Haikyuu so we're bringing with us the much loved and highly sought after Nendoroid Shoyo Hinata:
Karasuno High School Volleyball Club's Jersey Ver. and Nendoroid Tobio Kageyama: Karasuno High School Volleyball Club's Jersey Ver!
More Orange Rouge love with Nendoroid Koujaku and Nendoroid Mikazuki Munechika!
Some would say she's the best girl and he's the best guy! The cutie with their blue string Nendoroid Hestia and Aobajohsai High's volleyball team captain, the Grand King Nendoroid Toru Oikawa!
Last this event is the ever popular Nendoroid Isabelle Winter Version and Nendoroid Tomoko Kuroki!
We've also got some fun accessories for Nendoroids! That being the ever popular Nendoroid More: Dress-Up Cheerleaders! *Image for illustrative purposes only. No Nendoroid head or hair ribbon parts are included with this product.
Plus don't forget the Nendoroid Petites! We're bringing Nendoroid Petite: LoveLive! Angelic Angel Ver!
As per every event, stock is limited, so please do arrive early to avoid disappointment! Pricing for each item will be announced on Thursday, March 24th on our social media sites! Make sure to check Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter for more information!
-Mamitan <3
A number of Sunni tribal sheikhs and tribes in Iraq's Anbar province have pledged allegiance to the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), a defection that comes as a major blow to the Iraqi government as it struggles to roll the Sunni insurgents back.
The sheikhs and tribal leaders made the pledge in a statement read out by influential Sheikh Ahmed Dara al-Jumaili, after a meeting in Fallujah on Wednesday. It was not yet clear if the tribes had been forced to pledge allegiance by ISIL fighters, who control Fallujah and most of Anbar province, and have been known to massacre even fellow Sunnis who stand against them.
The sheikhs' statement said the only way peace would come to Anbar province would be if the tribes joined ISIL. They said they were joining ISIL's self-declared “caliphate” in order to “fight the infidels, apostates and Shias,” using a derogatory term to refer to them.
If the statement was given freely, the move would be very worrying for the Iraqi government. The inclusion of the al-Jumaili tribe in Wednesday's pledge was of particular concern for Iraqi authorities, given the tribe's influence in the contested Anbar province.
But the pledge comes after a number of Sunni leaders in Anbar publicly criticized the involvement of hardline Shia militias in the fight to retake areas of the province from ISIL, including the provincial capital city of Ramadi, which fell last month.
The underpowered Iraqi army, which wilted before the ISIL onslaught last June, has been forced to rely heavily on these Tehran-backed Shia militias, which have a history of sectarian reprisals against Iraq's Sunnis. Many Shias — who form the majority in Iraq and control most of the government in Baghdad — blame the Sunnis for allowing ISIL to take over large swaths of Sunni-majority land in northern and western Iraq.
Despite their misgivings, a number of Sunni tribes have nonetheless joined U.S.-backed government forces and the Shia militias in fighting ISIL. But many tribal leaders say the government is not providing them enough support, citing numerous instances in which ISIL has stormed Sunni villages and slaughtered men, women and children.
The first study in Canada believed to look at serious weight problems — in toddlers — suggests one in four 18-month-olds is already overweight, obese or at risk of becoming overweight.
Experts say the “alarming” study shows the trend they were already seeing in older age groups is now extending down to the under two's, resurrecting the question, who's responsible when a toddler gets so heavy they have trouble moving?
One Toronto pediatrician says they are already seeing obese three- and five-month-old children.
Until now, there has been a dearth of data on rates of overweight children and obesity for those under three, the research team writes in this week's issue of CMAJ Open.
“We knew that early childhood is the critical time for obesity prevention strategies,” said lead author Suzanne Biro, a former research associate in the department of family medicine at Queen's University in Kingston, Ont. “If we intervene earlier, it's easier to change the trajectory of weight gain.”
The study looked at weight and height (or length) measures for 8,261 children younger than 20 years taken from a sample of electronic medical records from family doctors and pediatricians in Ontario.
The study found that, overall in 2013, 28 per cent of children ages five to 19 were categorized as overweight or obese.
It's really not an issue of parents not caring or being lazy. They're just navigating a world where the odds are stacked against them
The researchers also extracted just more than 1,500 billing codes for 18-month “well baby visits” — a routine checkup — between 2008 and 2013. About seven per cent of this group was categorized as overweight or obese; 19 per cent were considered at risk of becoming overweight.
The researchers caution their study can't be considered representative of Canadian children. However, their sample size was almost four times larger than the latest national survey to estimate overweight and obesity rates in children and teens — the 2009 to 2011 cycle of Statistic Canada's Canadian health measures survey. As well, the StatsCan survey included only children aged three or older.
“Data speaks,” said Dr. Catherine Birken, who runs an obesity treatment program for children under six at Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, in collaboration with Toronto Public Health.
“I see these children in my clinical practice. So yes, it's a problem,” Birken said.
The average height of a two-year-old is 86 centimetres (2-foot-8), explains Dr. Dan Flanders, a Toronto pediatrician at North York General Hospital who specializes in obesity and nutrition. A normal weight for a child this height is about 11.5 kilograms, or 25 pounds.
Above 29 pounds (13 kg) would be considered overweight; above 32 pounds, obese. Flanders has seen average-height two year olds weighing 37 pounds, “which is about 50 per cent additional body weight composed of extra fat tissue.”
Serious health risks in obese toddlers are rare, they said. “But certainly we have five- and six-year-olds who have life-threatening conditions” such as severe sleep apnea or uncontrolled diabetes, they said.
With toddlers, “we certainly see more subtle stuff.” Heavy toddlers may have trouble reaching their “developmental milestones,” they said. “It's harder to stand up, harder to walk, harder to run.”
“Probably by age two or three they might start to feel some of the shaming that people deliver to obese people — jokes that might be told about them by daycare providers, or their parents,” they added. “So, there's some psychological risk there.”
Flanders is careful not to blame parents. “It's really not an issue of parents not caring or being lazy. They're just navigating a world where the odds are stacked against them,” including the ubiquitous availability of “cheap, crappy foods” that are heavily marketed to parents.
“Imagine how challenging it would be for a single mom who's barely making it to serve fresh steamed vegetables and lean meat and a freshly cut salad,” said Flanders. “Our environment isn't designed in a way to make that realistic, and helpful or easy. It makes more sense to stop at the drive-through and get your kids fed so they stop whining.”
Other times, food becomes a fallback to deal with temper tantrums, they said.
What's most important, they said, “is figuring out what's the most effective and humane way to approach this problem,” including more social services for families and regulating how high-fat, sugary foods are marketed to parents and children.
“Conveying a message to parents that it's their personal responsibility and they need to ‘get it together and become better parents' isn't fair,” they said.
A controversial commentary published in a top medical journal in 2011 suggested parents should lose custody of children with life-threatening obesity. In cases where parenting training or counselling fail, “placement of the severely obese child under protective custody warrants discussion,” the authors argued.
“Despite a well-established constitutional right of parents to raise their children as they chose, the state may intervene to protect the child's interest.”
There have been a handful of state interventions in the U.S. and elsewhere. In 2011, an eight-year-old Ohio boy weighing 200 pounds was placed in foster care after child welfare workers said the mother wasn't doing enough to control their weight, according to The Plain Dealer in Cleveland, Ohio. Two years ago, the British paper The Guardian reported police had arrested the parents of an 11-year-old weighing 210 pounds on suspicion of neglect.
Renowned bioethicist Arthur Caplan says that, unlike starving a child, over-feeding a toddler doesn't rise to the level of parental negligence unless “you're into extreme morbid obesity” and there is an immediate threat to life.
“But we do have an obligation to step in and try help this child,” said Caplan, director of the division of medical ethics at New York University Langone Medical Centre.
• Email: skirkey@postmedia.com | Twitter: sharon_kirkey
BuzzFeed recently asked an oddsmaker at English gaming house Ladbrokes, to make wagers on the likelihood of 10 “moonshots.” Moonshots are futuristic tech innovations that previously were considered to be science fiction. Ladbrokes uses quantitative factors, qualitative factors, and intuition to make these predictions.
Here are the bets:
Google Driverless Car Wager 1
Google designed driverless vehicles that operate using lasers and imaging technology.
The Bet: Before 2025 Google's self-driving car will be used legally within Europe and the United States.
The Odds: 1/2
The English oddmakers are near certain that driverless cars will be legal by 2025.
Smartwatches
Computerized wristwatches that function as smartphones.
The Bet: Smartwatches will be listed as a major consumer category and will sell 100 million units worldwide in any year before 2020.
The Odds: 3/1
Ladbrokes predicts that the odds of adoption would be even shorter if the smartwatch eclipsed the smartphone or became a more affordable accessory.
Project Loon
Google has also endeavored to beam internet from balloons in the stratosphere to rural and impoverished areas around the world.
The Bet: Google will achieve 75%+ global land internet coverage by 2020.
Author H Hillary Schaub Program Coordinator
The Odds: 4/1
Ladbrokes places favorable odds on Project Loon after Google acquired Titan Aerospace.
Google Robots
Boston Dynamics is one of the several robotics companies that Google has recently acquired.
The Bet: Google will release commercial bipedal or quadrupedal robots before 2020.
The Odds: 6/1
Ladbrokes sees the commercial sales of robots as plausible before 2020.
Oculus Rift
A virtual reality (VR) headset that allows gamers to completely immerse themselves in the game, recently acquired by Facebook.
The Bet: Oculus will become the dominant videogame display technology by 2020.
The Odds: 8/1
Due to the current popularity of VR, Ladbrokes is confident that this type of device will be widely used in 2020.
Facebook Connectivity Lab
Similar to Google's Project Loon, the Facebook Connectivity Lab will beam internet from a fleet of drones, satellites, and lasers.
The Bet: Facebook will achieve 75%+ global land internet coverage by 2020.
The Odds: 8/1
Due to the Titan Aerospace acquisition by Google, Ladbrokes gives Facebook's Connectivity Lab slightly fewer odds.
Amazon Delivery Drones
Unmanned aerial vehicles that will deliver Amazon packages to customers within 30 minutes of placing an order.
The Bet: Amazon will deliver the majority of their inventory by drone worldwide by 2020.
The Odds: 20/1
Although drones are an efficient innovation, Ladbrokes predicts that implementing this service to the point of cutting out delivery staff will significantly hinder the chances of drones coming to fruition.
Google Driverless Car Wager 2
The Bet: To be the dominant form of automobile in Europe/The US before 2025
The Odds: 25/1
While Ladbrokes are confident the Google car will be legal they are less certain whether human drivers will relinquish their roles in the front seat by that time.
Google Glass
A wearable computer with an optical head-mounted display operated by natural language voice commands.
The Bet: Google Glass will ship more units worldwide than the newest iPhone in any year up to 2020.
The Odds: 100/1
Ladbrokes predicted that the bet was a longshot because most consumers feel Google Glass is not relevant to their daily lives, especially due to its costly price tag of $1,500.
BitCoin
The Bet: BitCoin will account for more of world GDP than the £/$ by 2015.
The Odds: 200/1
BitCoin adoption has only a slightly better chance of occurring than Mars colonization.
SpaceX Mars Program
A spaceflight system designed to transport humans to Mars and back, with the eventual purpose of Mars colonization.
The Bet: SpaceX will colonize Mars before 2020.
The Odds: 250/1
The SpaceX Mars Program is seen as a longshot by Ladbrokes.
In the two weeks since Ladbrokes started taking bets, the odds have stayed the same on each wager each the three with the longest odds. Bettors are bullish on Google Glass, Bitcoin and the Success of the SpaceX Mars Program. We here at TechTank will keep on the lookout for changes in the prediction market.
Changes in Ladbrokes Betting Lines
Wager Old New Google Glass 100 to 1 33 to 1 Bitcoin 200 to 1 100 to 1 SpaceX Mars Program 250 to 1 50 to 1
Find the BuzzFeed article here.
Nineteen Harvard Law professors have written a letter condemning "The Hunting Ground," a film purporting to be a documentary about campus sexual assault. The film has been getting some Oscar buzz, and CNN is preparing to air the program next week.
In a press package for the film, CNN singled out a story in the film about a sexual assault accusation at Harvard. The press packet named the accused student, even though they were not identified in the film. The 19 professors want to be sure viewers are aware that the film is highly misleading.
The accusation involved former Harvard student Kamilah Willingham, who claimed in the film that they and a friend passed out after a night of drinking and were forcibly sexually assaulted by their male friend, who possibly drugged them. Willingham claims Harvard had an "extreme reluctance to believe her" and that even though the school suspended the accused student, it allowed them to return to campus.
The film makes it seem as if the accused student was almost immediately allowed back on campus. In reality, they were suspended for an entire year. The charges were dropped when they were allowed to return to campus. The film also states that the accused student was later indicted for sexual assault, making it seem as though Harvard allowed a dangerous man to return to campus.
Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2575923
But that's not what happened. The accused student, Brandon Winston, was not indicted on a separate accusation, but on the same accusation from Willingham and their friend. They were not indicted on the serious charges of sexual assault, nor was they indicted for any charges relating to Willingham. Willingham had proven to be an unreliable witness, having presented a condom they claimed to have been used by Winston during the rape of their friend. The condom actually belonged to a different male student, who had used it with Willingham.
As for the claim of drugging, no drugs were found in Willingham or their friend, except for the cocaine they had willingly used and distributed amongst their friends the night of the incident.
The grand jury did indict on lesser charges, but the jury trial found them not guilty for the remaining sex charges. They were found guilty of only a misdemeanor of a "nonsexual nature."
Further hampering "The Hunting Ground's" portrayal of the Winston case is the fact that even the Education Department, in its investigation into Harvard's alleged mishandling of sexual assault accusations, failed to vindicate Willingham's claims.
"We believe that Brandon Winston was subjected to a long, harmful ordeal for no good reason. Justice has been served in the end, but at enormous costs to this young man," the professors wrote. "We denounce this film as prolonging their ordeal with its unfair and misleading portrayal of the facts of their case. Mr. Winston was finally vindicated by the Law School and by the judicial proceedings, and allowed to continue their career at the Law School and beyond. Propaganda should not be allowed to erase this just outcome."
The 19 professors include feminist icon Nancy Gertner; outspoken critics of campus rape hysteria Elizabeth Bartholet, Janet Halley and Jeannie Suk; as well as President Obama's former mentor Charles Ogletree.
In a separate letter, Winston's lawyers also condemned the film (and CNN for airing it) for its false portrayal of their client.
"In airing this film, the network will treat its depiction of Mr. Winston's case as a truthful rendering of a school disciplinary process and criminal trial involving the hot-button issue of campus sexual assault. It is not," the lawyers wrote.
The lawyers note that Massachusetts grand juries tend to indict, but dismissed most of the charges against Winston, and all of the serious charges.
"CNN has allowed Ms. Willingham to label Mr. Winston as a 'predator' without any evidence to support this claim. It is disturbing to us that the filmmakers and CNN see Mr. Winston, a young black man accused of sexual assault, and refuse to believe they are anything but guilty [despite multiple investigations clearing him]," the lawyers wrote.
Winston's lawyers, of the law offices of Zalkind Duncan & Bernstein, said a member of their legal team would be willing to debate the filmmakers or the "self-proclaimed victim." The lawyers also say that CNN has "refused to allow a member of Mr. Winston's trial team to appear on a panel discussing the film when it is premiered."
"It appears that the network is less concerned with presenting an objective journalistic piece on an important issue, and more concerned with drumming up support for this shamefully unfair and inaccurate film," the lawyers wrote.
Winston is not the only accused student portrayed falsely in the film. And the accusations aren't the only factual inaccuracies in the film, it also relies heavily on debunked statistics. For more information on all the problems with the film, read this.
Quick Vote In the past six months, how often have you looked at your 401(k) and other investment balances? Every day
Once a week
Every month or so
I can't bear to look or View results
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- Chicago's landmark Sears Tower, the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, will be renamed Willis Tower after insurance broker Willis Group Holdings, the company announced Thursday.
"Willis Tower will make us a household name among our clients, prospective clients and in the larger business community," said Don Bailey, chairperson and chief executive of Willis HRH, the company's North American business.
The London, England-based company said it will rent 140,000 square feet of the building at a cost of $14.50 per square foot. The move, which involves 500 employees and consolidating five area offices, is expected to be completed by late summer.
"We found a great opportunity, a great deal, in the Sears Tower," Joseph Plumeri, chairperson and chief executive of the Willis Group, told CNN.
Willis Group Holdings (WSH) provides insurance, risk management, financial and human resource consulting to corporations and public institutions around the world.
"This key new tenant underscores the importance of the building as a destination for successful businesses," said John Huston, of American Landmark Properties, Ltd., one of the investors that owns the tower, in a written statement.
Rita Athas, executive director of World Business Chicago, a not-for-profit economic development corporation, said the move demonstrates the Willis Group's commitment to the city and could boost the labor market there.
"Their decision speaks to the quality of Chicago's workforce, and our vibrant and supportive business community," Athas said in a written statement.
While the company expects to rechristen the building sometime this summer, it's not clear whether the new name will stick with native Chicagoans.
"The Sears Tower has been an icon here for the last quarter of a century," said John Russick, senior curator at the Chicago Historical Society. "For the generation that grew up calling it the Sears Tower, it'll be hard for people to shift and start calling it something else," they said.
Indeed, many long-time Chicago residents still refer to the Standard Oil Building, now know as the Aon Center, as "Big Stan" Russick said. That building's name has been changed twice since it was built in 1973.
The Sears Tower was opened in 1973 and is 1,729 feet tall, including its antenna. It was originally named for retailer Sears, Roebuck & Co., which moved its headquarters to Hoffman Estates, Ill. in 1992.
--CNN's Rachael Shackelford contributed to this report.
White House senior adviser Jared Kushner and Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Kislyak. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Imagess and Stan Honda/AFP/Getty Images.
Throughout the investigation of Russia's role in the 2016 election, President Trump and their allies have insisted that he's innocent of the most serious charge: collusion. Every time a new link or contact is discovered—Russian payments to a Trump adviser, Russian recruitment of a Trump adviser, Russians boasting blackmail leverage over Trump—the White House repeats that there's “no evidence of collusion.” But lately, some of these contacts have begun to look conspiratorial. So Trump and their surrogates have come up with a new line of argument: Collusion is OK.
Two previous episodes have drawn the administration into defending collusion. The first was Michael Flynn's Dec. 29 phone call with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The second was a May 10 visit to the White House by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Both episodes involved secret exchanges. But last week, a third story made the pattern inescapable.
On Friday, the Washington Post reported that in early December, Kislyak, Flynn, and Trump's senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, “discussed the possibility of setting up a secret and secure communications channel between Trump's transition team and the Kremlin, using Russian diplomatic facilities in an apparent move to shield their pre-inauguration discussions from monitoring.” According to intercepted Russian communications, the idea of using Russian facilities came from Kushner. This meeting, undisclosed at the time, led to other secret encounters: one between Kushner and a Russian banker; another between Kushner, Flynn, and an Arab intermediary for Russia; and a third between emissaries for Trump and Russia on an island in the Indian Ocean.
The Kushner revelations, coming on the heels of the Flynn and Lavrov episodes, have established a pattern of clandestine cooperation between Russia and the Trump regime. To defend this pattern, Trump's surrogates have sought to justify what they once renounced: collusion. Here's what they've said since the Kushner story broke.
1. Back-channel talks are normal. “Back channels like this are the regular course of business,” Trump's counselor, Kellyanne Conway, said on Fox and Friends earlier this week. That's misleading: Back channels are common in government but not in presidential transitions. Furthermore, the whole point of a back channel is to bypass the regular course of business. But Conway's argument isn't about logic. It's about numbing viewers to Trump's deceptions.
2. Talking is healthy. “To open channels of communication with any country—back-channel, up-front—is a good thing,” said John Kelly, Trump's secretary of Homeland Security, on This Week. It's about understanding one another. Who could be against that?
3. Talking doesn't commit us to anything. It doesn't “predispose” us to any course of action, said H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, in a press briefing on Saturday. It's just talk. So it can't be legitimately construed as a conspiracy.
4. You can trust Trump's people to do things ethically. Conway said Kushner has the highest certificate of integrity: Trump's “full confidence.” Kelly, speaking on Meet the Press, vouched for Kushner as well: “I know Jared. He's a great guy, decent guy. Their No. 1 interest, really, is the nation.” But when Chuck Todd asked what level of security clearance Kushner had, Kelly couldn't answer. In the Trump administration, nobody needs to know about anybody else's talks with the Russians because everybody's a great guy.
5. If anything important happens, they'll tell us. “Just because you have a back channel, if indeed that's what Jared was after, doesn't mean that they then keeps everything secret,” said Kelly. “He shares that” information, Kelly assured Todd. On This Week, Kelly added: “Whatever the communication is, it comes back into the government and [is] shared across the government.” Kelly seemed quite confident about this despite apparently having no idea, as the secretary of homeland security, what Kushner had discussed or learned.
6. Private diplomacy is harmless. On Fox News Sunday, Chris Wallace pointed out that Kushner's talks in the final months of the Obama administration were at odds with, not on behalf of, the U.S. government. “We have one president at a time,” they noted. But Kelly said Kushner's moves were still OK since Trump's team was “not in a position to do anything to inhibit the Obama administration.” This line of argument justifies covert contacts either way. If you're in power, your collusion is presumptively legitimate. If you're out of power, your collusion is presumptively harmless.
7. The real threat is nosy Americans. Todd reminded Kelly that Kushner had proposed to use the surveillance-proof facilities of the country that, according to “our own intelligence community,” had just interfered in our election. Kelly replied that this move made sense, “politics being what they are … here in Washington.” It wasn't clear whether Kelly meant Congress, the press, or hostile U.S. intelligence officials. Either way, they were justifying the use of espionage to evade American scrutiny.
8. The worst regimes are the most worthy of secrecy. On This Week, Kelly suggested that Russia's aggression and its election interference made quiet talks all the more vital. “Any way that you can communicate with people, particularly organizations that are maybe not particularly friendly to us, is a good thing,” they argued. Kelly stuck to this talking point even when Martha Raddatz noted that Kushner's way of communicating reportedly involved Russian facilities. On this view, the more treasonous the collaboration looks, the more legitimate it is.
What's most significant about these arguments is that they don't just excuse the Trump team's post-election meetings, emails, and phone calls with Russians. They can also be used to justify conversations that are discovered to have happened before the election. The 18 contacts reported by Reuters two weeks ago—previously unknown phone calls and emails between Trump advisers and Russian interlocutors, all of which took place in the final seven months of the 2016 campaign—might be just the beginning. The more we discover about these conversations, the more we'll hear from Trump and their apologists about the importance of “communication” with Russia. Or as we used to call it, collusion.
Larry Fitzgerald and the Cardinals faced the Green Bay Packers last Saturday in what many, including myself, described as the most entertaining game all season. In this game, Larry Fitzgerald was targeted 13 times* by Carson Palmer. On those 13 targets, they recorded 8 receptions for 176 yards and a touchdown. This game went to overtime due to a last second hail mary touchdown pass by Aaron Rodgers to wide reciever Jeff Janis. Ultimately the Cardinals were able to outlast the Packers and advance to the NFC Divisional round. In this breakdown, we will take a closer look at Fitzgerald's performance and the types of plays that were run to get them open in Bruce Arians' offense.
*Note: Fitzgerald's official box score will show 12 targets, but they were actually targeted 14 times. One of those targets was caught by him, but since a defensive penalty was called that play is not recorded in the official stats. The other target was clearly intended for Fitzgerald, but you will see in Play 3 (below) that it was caught by another receiver and therefore Fitzgerald is not accredited the target. For the purposes of this article, the “No Play” target due to the penalty will not be factored into this breakdown, but the deflection will be included.
Before we look at the tape, let's take a look at when Fitzgerald was targeted, where they were targeted, and what route they ran versus the Packers.
Pass Breakdown
Quarter Targets Receptions Yards 1st 2 1 6 2nd 0 0 0 3rd 4 4 77 4th 4 1 13 Overtime 3 2 80 + TD Total 13 8 176 + TD
Location Breakdown
Passes are measured from the line of scrimmage to the receiver. Short passes are less than 6 yards, intermediate passes are between 6 and 15 yards, while deep passes are passes greater than 15 yards deep. First number represents the number of completions at this location, while the second represents the total targets.
Deep Left Deep Middle Deep Right 1/2 0/0 1/2 Intermediate Left Intermediate Middle Intermediate Right 1/1 1/1 0/2 Short Left Short Middle Short Right 1/1 1/2 2/2
Finally, here are all the routes Fitzgerald ran while being targeted by Palmer versus the Packers.
Route Breakdown
Out/Quick-Out 2/4 Slant/Crossing 2/3 Go 1/2 Screen 1/1 Hitch 1/1 Shovel Pass 1/1 Fade 0/1
Let's dive into the film! This first play we'll look at happened in the 3rd quarter:
Play 1
Situation: 2nd and 6 at ARI 20
Description: (9:38 – 3rd) C.Palmer passes deep right to L.Fitzgerald pushed ob at GB 48 for 32 yards (D.Randall)
The Cardinals line up in singleback slot left with RB#31 David Johnson in the backfield.
Fitzgerald stands alone wide right and runs a go-route against #23 Randall.
The Packers are in Cover 1 man rushing five pass rushers as #42 Burnett blitzes outside the right tackle.
FS#21 Clinton-Dix is the single-high safety, while the rest of the defenders are playing man-to-man coverage.
is the single-high safety, while the rest of the defenders are playing man-to-man coverage. Fitzgerald releases towards the sideline before working their way up the field. Randall actually has them covered pretty well, but the ball placement is phenomenal by Palmer.
Fitzgerald is able to pull it in for a 32 yard gain on 2nd down.
Simply put, this was a perfect placement by Carson Palmer who is having a career year in passing yards, passing touchdowns, and in touchdown to interception ratio.
Palmer and Fitzgerald were not always in sync. This was the case on multiple downfield throws including the following play that happened in the 4th quarter.
Play 2
Situation: 2nd and 10 at GB 19
Description: (4:40 – 4th) (Shotgun) C.Palmer passes incomplete deep right to L.Fitzgerald
The Cardinals are in shotgun twins stack left with Johnson in the backfield.
Like last play, Fitzgerald is alone wide on the right side of the formation.
Pre-snap Palmer motions them tighter to the formation. #23 Randall follows them but still plays off the line of scrimmage.
The Packers drop into a Cover 4 look with four deep defenders and three underneath zone defenders.
Fitzgerald runs an out-route to the first down marker and is open if Palmer looks their direction. However, the playside route-combination is a three-level read which takes their attention first.
Palmer does not see anybody open before they feel the pressure. They start scrambling outside the pocket to their right.
Fitzgerald sees their quarterback needs help so they sprint up the field getting behind #23 Randall into the backright of the endzone.
Palmer puts the ball just too high on what would have been an excellent broken play touchdown.
The following play happened two plays later on the same redzone attempt as Play 2.
Play 3
Situation: 1st and Goal at GB 9
Description: (3:44 – 4th) Michael Floyd Pass From Carson Palmer for 9 Yrds C.Catanzaro extra point is GOOD, Center-M.Leach, Holder-D.Butler.
The Cardinals are in shotgun trips right and Fitzgerald is the middle receiver.
The Cardinals clearly run a pick play with WR#12 Brown pushing their defender back to create room for Fitzgerald.
Randall actually has excellent coverage, but Palmer forces it to him.
Palmer's terrible decision gets rewarded as the ball deflects high into the air by Randall landing in #15 Michael Floyd's hands for their second touchdown on the day.
This TD gave the Cardinals a 17-13 lead over the Packers with only 3:44 left in the game.
Overtime Targets: All three plays went to Fitzgerald
Three plays is all it took for the Cardinals to beat the Packers in overtime. All three plays shared one common element: Larry Fitzgerald.
In the first play, Fitzgerald runs a crossing-route over the middle of the field from the right side of the formation. The pressure by #52 Clay Matthews forces Palmer to scramble out of the right side of the pocket. Palmer throws it completely across the field to a wide-open Fitzgerald who stands by the 32-yard line. Fitzgerald catches the ball and sprints up the sideline before cutting back across the middle of the field. Normally, this is a huge “no-no” for a quarterback. However, since the Packers leave the sideline open with two underneath linebacker zones, Fitzgerald is left wide open.
Why are they so wide-open? There are two theories: (1) #23 Randall plays zone instead of man-to-man coverage on their wide receiver. If the defensive call was a Cover 1 Man with a single-high safety, then Randall should have followed Fitzgerald instead of dropping deep into their zone. (2) Randall plays it correctly and Peppers just abandons their zone to attack Palmer, which frees Fitzgerald. One of them made a mistake as McCarthy said in their post-game presser:
“We had a broken coverage there,” Packers coach Mike McCarthy said after the game, not specifying who made the mistake.
The final argument was that everyone actually did their job, but since Palmer buys time and Peppers instinctively vacates their zone since Fitzgerald is clearly behind them is what creates the opening. So this would classify as a schematic Cover 3 pattern-match breakdown as opposed to a player miscommunication breakdown.
What's the diference between 30 and 75 yards? #37 Sam Shields and #21 Clinton-Dix both take an aggressive angle towards the sideline, which allows the cutback lane for Fitzgerald. Additionally, coming from behind, #52 Clay Matthews also attacks Fitzgerald at the sideline from behind where they should have widened into the middle of the field just in-case. Your goal as a defense after a large gain is to contain the player and not allow it to get any worse. All three defenders failed at that in this particular play.
The next play was a fade route to Fitzgerald, but it was well-guarded by the defense and overthrown by Palmer. And the last play was a designed shovel pass to them from the backfield that was perfectly blocked after #12 John Brown motions across the formation pre-snap.
The only mistake Fitzgerald made all game was the illegal blindside block that they threw in the 3rd quarter on the end-around to WR#12 John Brown. According to the NFL Rule Book, this is illegal because it puts the offensive player in a defenseless posture:
A player who receives a “blindside” block when the path of the offensive blocker is toward or parallel to their own end line, and they approach the opponent from behind or from the side [makes them defenseless].
Overall, Fitzgerald delivered another incredible playoff performance to help the Cardinals make it to the NFC Divisional Round of the playoffs. In their career, they now have 912 yards and 10 touchdowns in eight post-season games according to ProFootballReference. The Cardinals now face the #1 seeded NFC team in the Carolina Panthers this Sunday who just beat the NFC West Seattle Seahawks. This upcoming game should showcase an excellent match-up between Panthers' star cornerback Josh Norman and Larry Fitzgerald.
Follow Samuel Gold on Twitter: @SamuelRGold.
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
It's been nearly six years since League of Legends launched in North America, altering the landscape of the video game industry while ushering in a subgenre that has exploded in popularity. Today, Riot's title is a juggernaut; League grosses over $1B in revenue annually while drawing millions of viewers to their eSports tournaments.
The rest of the market took notice and an abundance of major publishers are attempting entry into the Massively Online Battle Arena (MOBA) market. These range from titles in Beta (Blizzard's Heroes of the Storm) to recently released games (WBIE's Infinite Crisis) to titles with little information other than a name (Crytek's Arena of Fate).
In essence, the genre is poised to become incredibly crowded. Yet even with the influx of new titles, change at the very top is unlikely. EEDAR predicts that in 2016, League of Legends will lead the genre with a 66% marketshare followed by Dota 2 at 14%. Yet the next two largest titles, Heroes of the Storm and SMITE, succeed largely due to their innovative approaches.
As it currently stands, both League and Dota 2 are massive. These two titles command the vast majority of the MOBA player base and both games appeal strongly to the exceptionally core MOBA user. Both League and Dota 2 have recently prioritized a retention strategy where limited edition game modes (such as League's URF), eSports events, and increasingly high-quality aesthetic items are all aimed at appealing to the current user. These titles gained a huge audience and now they're fighting to keep these users.
In addition, MOBAs intrinsically prevent churn to similar titles. To learn a MOBA like League or Dota 2, players have to invest dozens of hours with the meta-strategy, item build paths, and hero abilities. Players build up their accounts over time as they garner heroes and levels, which makes it all the more difficult to leave. Furthermore, it's even more of a daunting task as a new title will have its own quirks and idiosyncrasies.
Yet in 2013, Hi-Rez Studios was able to carve out a niche. Their title, SMITE, offered innovation through a third-person perspective along with a pantheon of different characters. In addition, the title focused on easing the learning curve for new users, allowing for automatic purchasing from shops and the auto-leveling of abilities.
Blizzard's Heroes of the Storm also looks to prioritize accessibility and gameplay innovation. Hero does away with the item shop entirely and users don't have to upgrade an ability after every level. In addition, Heroes looks to alter the gameplay by placing a premium on objective control and player cooperation. Perhaps even more importantly though, Blizzard is in a unique situation due to their immensely loyal fanbase. Heroes are already blessed with a substantial player pool that will interact with the title.
Ultimately, EEDAR believes that success in the MOBA market will rely on innovation and lowering the learning curve. Partially, these are some of the reasons that EA's Dawngate was cancelled; the title simply played too similarly to the current market leaders. As new entrants flood the genre, success will hinge on captivating MOBA players with something new rather than attempting to compete directly with League of Legends or Dota 2. Even though the MOBA genre is consistently growing in terms of players and revenue, developers must still carefully consider their game before entering the market.
For more insight into the MOBA space, download EEDAR's free white paper, Deconstructing the PC MOBA Market 2015. It's available here.
The Department of Agricultural and Biological Engineering at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, divides agricultural robots into three generations. The first gen is comprised of basic ones that can collect data, while the second-gen bots are capable of harvesting, seeding, spraying and cultivating. Finally, the third and most advanced generation is comprised of autonomous robots capable of caring for plants without (or with minimal) human intervention. As you can see below, American farms already use machines from across three generations, though most of the ones that fall under the third are still in development.
CURRENT AND UPCOMING ROBOTS ON AMERICAN FARMS
Some of the most well-known farming robots out there are shake-and-catch machines for oranges and other citruses, which literally shake trees side to side and up and down to harvest fruits. Obviously, they can collect fruits more quickly and efficiently than humans can, allowing farmers to plant more trees and increase their output. According to the University of Florida, a particular type of shake-and-catch machine being used to harvest oranges in the state can fill 100 boxes with fruits per hour per crew member. There are apple harvesters currently in development as well, but they're much harder to design, since apples get bruised and damaged easily.
Earlier this year, a tree nursery in Florida hired a fleet of robots called HV100 (or "Harvey"), designed by Boston firm Harvest Automation. These Wall-E-like robots autonomously space out saplings as they grow bigger and pack them tightly when it's time to sell them.
Just like Harvey, Blue River Technology's Lettuce Bot is an automaton, which, as you could guess, can make sure rows upon rows of lettuce are growing perfectly. In 2012, a Lettuce Bot prototype was tested at "the Salad Bowl of the World," Salinas Valley in California, where it crawled along rows of green veggies like a strict teacher doing rounds during an exam. The robot analyzes each plant, comparing it against more than a million images of lettuce in its database, to determine if it's a weed (or an errant lettuce growing too close to another) that needs to be eliminated. Its creators plan to tweak Lettuce Bot in the future, so it can be used on other crops.
A Minnesota company, on the other hand, spent more than 14 years developing a tractor that drives itself. It doesn't use GPS so it can't navigate streets like Google's autonomous car can -- instead, it responds to ground-based transponders planted around the perimeter of your land. The self-driving vehicle finds its way around the field based on the map it creates after you take it around for the first time. To be sure that it doesn't accidentally go on a rampage, its creators designed it to shut down if a transponder determines that it's straying from its path. It's also equipped with radar in order to avoid trees and other objects. The company believes that the tractor has potential to be used for mining and groundskeeping vehicles. There are also many monitoring robots, like one San Diego company's Crop Load estimator, used to estimate the amount of fruits or vegetables that a farmer can expect.
It's not just fruit and veggie farmers that are going high-tech, though: Many American dairy farmers have started using robotic milkers. They actually just set up these milkers on their farm, allowing cows to line up for milking whenever they want. Aside from being able to milk the animals, though, the machines can also monitor how much each cow has eaten, the number of steps she's taken per day and, of course, the amount and quality of milk being produced.
AERIAL DRONES FOR FARMS OF THE FUTURE
While we always hear about drones being developed for the military and law enforcement, at least one person in the industry believes it has bigger potential in agriculture. Speaking to Wired, Chris Mailey of the drone-promotion organization AUVSI, says farming has fewer hurdles to overcome and, at the same time, farmers are motivated by the potential rewards of early adoption.
While the Federal Aviation Administration hasn't approved drones for farming yet, it's already begun testing one, (which can not only monitor crop conditions, but also test soil quality) in North Dakota. Some farmers are already using drones, though, such as this 17-year-old Redditor from Southwest Kansas, who flies a drone from Kansas company AgEagle over their family's land to take infrared images of their crops and determine their health. Their family then uses data gathered from those infrared images to adjust fertilizer distribution as needed. Most aerial drones for farming have the same function, giving farmers an aerial view of their crops so they can save water, chemicals and fertilizer.
THE FUTURE OF ROBOTIC FARMING
Farm robots are not without fault -- big machines, in particular, damage the soil and make it prone to erosion. The Mitchells and their neighbors' machines, for instance, have weakened the soil in the area and made it prone to erosion . Still, there's no going back now, and you'll likely see a variety of machines performing different functions on big farms across the globe. The US, in particular, seeks to develop better robots for the country's farmers: The Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture is currently spending the $4.5 million funding it set aside in 2013 to fund various agrobot projects. Long story short: It's just the beginning for robot-powered agriculture.
Update (10/02/14): Clay Mitchell reached out to Engadget and wants to clarify that they personally don't use tillage machines, which cause soil erosion. They say they even use other techniques like cover cropping to combat the issue, making their soil "more protected than many natural systems."
"There are a lot of tradeoffs in farming and many controversial ideas about how to farm," they wrote in their email. "But where there is a tradeoff, I go for protecting the soil every time." Mitchell also adds that they often volunteer their time talking about farming methods that prevent soil erosion, and various farming agencies from around the globe have asked them to spread those methods in their countries.
On April 14, Russia and Laos inked a new pact on nuclear energy that seeks to deepen the collaboration between both sides in the field.
A memorandum of cooperation was signed in Moscow by the Russian state nuclear corporation Rosatom and the ministry of energy and mines of Laos. The MoU was signed by Rosatom deputy director general Kirill Komarov and Laos' deputy energy minister Sinava Souphanouvong, with the ceremony witnessed by Rosatom director general Sergey Kirienko and deputy prime minister of Laos, Somsavat Lengsavad.
According to World Nuclear News, the pact sets out a plan by Rosatom and Laos to cooperate in the design, construction and operation of nuclear power plants and research reactors. Beyond this, the agreement also specifies cooperation in specific areas as well including basic and applied research; nuclear and radiation safety; research and development in the field of nuclear medicine technology; and in education and training.
The development comes just months after news broke that Laos was in talks with Rosatom to set up nuclear power plants in the country. Reports in September 2015 had suggested that Vientiane had intended to cooperate with Rosatom build two nuclear power plants of VVER-type on a build-operate-transfer basis, with a capacity of between 1000 – 1200 MW each. Rosatom, a global leader in nuclear technology, has been responsible for building over 30 nuclear power reactors, most of which have been set up abroad including in Asian countries like China and Vietnam.
Thus far, Laos, a landlocked nation, has been largely playing up its potential in the hydropower sector, marketing itself as the “battery of Southeast Asia.” More broadly, renewable energy features prominently in the government's energy projections as it seeks to achieve a 90 percent electrification target by 2020. The Lao government has set a 30 percent penetration target for renewable energy technologies by 2025.
The memorandum between Rosatom and Laos is just the first step in collaboration between the two sides. It provides for the setting up of a joint working group to come up with specific projects to be undertaken. Rosatom also said that the two parties plan to develop and sign an intergovernmental pact on nuclear energy cooperation.
SAN DIEGO, Aug 14 (Reuters) - For San Diego Mayor Bob Filner, who faces a torrent of sexual harassment allegations, the message is that their alleged behavior is too boorish even for Hooters restaurants, best known for their scantily clad waiteres and the patrons who ogle them.
Four San Diego-area Hooters restaurants have posted signs saying the 70-year-old Democrat and former member of congress “will not be served in this establishment. We believe women should be treated with respect.”
“It is localized to our four San Diego locations,” Melissa Fry, marketing director for Hootwinc LLC, the West Coast headquarters for the Atlanta-based restaurant chain, said on Wednesday.
More than a dozen women have publicly accused Filner since last month of groping and making other unwanted advances toward them over the years, starting with a former press secretary who filed a sexual harassment suit against the mayor and the city.
The signs are actually the creation of conservative radio talk show host Glenn Beck, who began offering them last week as an Internet download from their website.
Beck has cited the Filner scandal as one of several high-profile cases of sexual misconduct by Democrats, including former member of congress and New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner, in contesting the assertion by some Democrats that the Republican Party is waging a “war on women.”
“I made the sign for the people of San Diego, all businesses in San Diego,” they told radio listeners.
A Hooters spokesperson, Kelly Propst, said the four San Diego outlets “took it upon themselves” to post the signs starting on Monday. Customers starting noticing the signs and tweeting pictures of them on Tuesday.
“Our Hooters girls in San Diego have spoken. Not a corporate gig, but we support our girls,” the company said in a message posted via Twitter on Tuesday night.
The irony of the Filner snub was self-evident coming from a restaurant chain that promotes a waitering staff of “beautiful Hooters girls” who dress in cleavage-revealing tops and short shorts.
Beck took a moment out of their radio show and webstream on Wednesday to savor the spectacle, displaying a photo of two Hooters servers in their skimpy outfits holding one of their signs.
“At the top of the show, I told you California is creating a new society without any common sense, but at the least the girls of Hooters are standing up against the mayor of San Diego,” they said. “This is a sweet moment.”
Neither the mayor's office nor their lawyers were immediately available for comment.
Nearly every elected official of both parties in San Diego has called on Filner to resign as mayor of California's second-largest city, and a bipartisan campaign seeking their ouster through a recall election has been launched.
Filner announced July 26 that they were taking a break from office to undergo two weeks of intensive behavioral counseling to deal with what they called a pattern of disrespectful and “intimidating” treatment of women.”
Their lawyers have said that Filner was completing their therapy on Saturday - about 10 days earlier than originally planned - but would continue counseling on an out-patient basis while remaining on personal leave for another week.
In their first public statement since taking leave, a rebuttal filed on Monday in answer to the recall petition, Filner refused again to step down and defended their accomplishments as mayor.
On Tuesday, their chief of staff acknowledged the mayor had been weakened by the scandal but would press forward with an agenda that members of City Council would hopefully support. (Additional reporting and writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Cynthia Johnston, Gary Hill)
A vertical shot of a fiery Portugal sunset is the best photo Florian Meissner took this week—at least that's what their phone says. The image pops up at the top of Meissner's screen when they open The Roll, an app that organizes iPhone photos and makes them searchable by category or 20,000 auto-tagged keywords.
EyeEm The home screen of The Roll is clean and useful.
The Roll was created by EyeEm, a tech company founded by Meissner and three other photographers in 2011. One part subjective curator, one part robotic word cloud, the app creates categories based on what you photograph most, but also organizes pictures in each category according to their quality.
“It makes no sense to have the camera roll arranged by date,” Meissner says. “You want to see your best photos. When you download the app, it will sometimes resurface amazing pictures buried in your phone from two years ago.”
The key to the app is its image-recognition technology, which took almost five years to build. The algorithm can identify people, places, things, and emotions with incredible accuracy, and can also identify and rank photos by their “aesthetic quality,” a metric the company developed in collaboration with professional photographers.
That technology powers both The Roll and EyeEm, a separate app that allows users to upload and sell their mobile photography in a commercial marketplace. Whereas professional stock photographers screen and tag their photos by hand, EyeEm is able to perform both functions automatically. The EyeEm app, launched in 2015, has already inked partnerships with Getty and Alamy.
“Now that the technology is really mature, we decided to take a stab at helping people not only in their commercial content but in their personal content, too,” Meissner says of The Roll.
Of course, making a seamless experience of taking that Portugal sunset shot and selling it to Getty is EyeEm's ultimate goal. By identifying a casual photographer's best photos, The Roll makes it more likely that they or they will upload those photos to the EyeEm marketplace, where there's a chance someone will license them. Then EyeEm gets a cut of those fees.
For users, it's a win-win situation. Go ahead, take a hundred photos of your french toast—The Roll will keep them organized and tell you which is best, and EyeEm will let you sell it to pay for your next brunch.
One week after NVIDIA disabled overclocking on their GeForce 900M mobility lineup, a representative of the company over at GeForce Forums has reported that NVIDIA will be bringing back the disable feature for their overclocking enthusiasts on the mobility front. The GeForce 900M series which is based on the Maxwell core architecture is quite powerful on the mobility front and has shown its muscles in the overclocking department with the desktop parts however users were not very keen to learn that NVIDIA has decided to disable that part on the mobile chips.
NVIDIA GeForce 900M Overclocking Makes a Return With Upcoming Driver Update
The NVIDIA GeForce 900 and GeForce 900M lineup is top-to-bottom Maxwell based. Maxwell being a very power efficient chips leaves a lot of TDP headroom for overclocking. We have seen 1.5 GHz core clocks on air cooled discrete cards and the same has been seen while overclocking mobility chips with clocks going north of 1150 MHz from its 1038 MHz standard clock speed. But last week, all of a sudden, NVIDIA decided to disable and get rid of overclocking from the GeForce 900M series and stated the following reason for doing so:
“Unfortunately GeForce notebooks were not designed to support overclocking. Overclocking is by no means a trivial feature, and depends on thoughtful design of thermal, electrical, and other considerations. By overclocking a notebook, a user risks serious damage to the system that could result in non-functional systems, reduced notebook life, or many other effects. There was a bug introduced into our drivers which enabled some systems to overclock. This was fixed in a recent update. Our intent was not to remove features from GeForce notebooks, but rather to safeguard systems from operating outside design limits.” via Geforce Forums
Calling the feature a bug is quite surprising since the user is meant to overclock their product by adjusting the clock speeds and everything that goes wrong next is part of the users fault which should void the warranty. But that still doesn't make it a big since the user is responsible for they damage done to the product if overclocking goes wrong, not the feature itself. While NVIDIA's GPU Boost 2.0 technology does leverage the performance in some cases making use of the extra TDP headroom, some of the more old school users still go heavy on over-clocking even high-end notebooks. Hence the fiery bunch of users who were calling NVIDIA out for disabling this feature have now received a response back.
As you know, we are constantly tuning and optimizing the performance of your GeForce PC.We obsess over every possible optimization so that you can enjoy a perfectly stable machine that balances game, thermal, power, and acoustic performance.Still, many of you enjoy pushing the system even further with over-clocking.Our recent driver update disabled overclocking on some GTX notebooks. We heard from many of you that you would like this feature enabled again. So, we will again be enabling overclocking in our upcoming driver release next month for those affected notebooks. If you are eager to regain this capability right away, you can also revert back to 344.75. via GeForce Forums
With overclocking coming back, that might send a sense of relieve to users after a week worth of overclocking disabled on their notebooks. The driver update is planned for next month in March and there are quite a lot of announcements coming from Green team during the next month too at their press event on March 5th and GTC 2015.
Auction of domain names never happens Internet
Largest live auction of over 2600 real estate domain names at Fairmont Hotel in SF. Auctioneer is JPKing, which normally sells luxury homes and yachts never got off the ground and was finally cancelled. Largest live auction of over 2600 real estate domain names at Fairmont Hotel in SF. Auctioneer is JPKing, which normally sells luxury homes and yachts never got off the ground and was finally cancelled. Photo: Frederic Larson, The Chronicle Photo: Frederic Larson, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Auction of domain names never happens 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A portfolio of more than 2,600 Internet domain names was almost auctioned off at the Fairmont on Nob Hill in San Francisco on Thursday.
But at the last minute, the buyers held back.
The few who showed up felt more comfortable negotiating in private - removing the sale from public view and scuttling what would have been one of the first - and probably classiest - live auctions of domain names in the history of the Internet.
"I still believe domain names are going to be the next Internet gold rush," said Scott King, executive vice president of sales for J.P. King Auction Co., the 94-year-old luxury auction house in Gadsden, Ala., that handled the sale.
J.P. King usually sells yachts and high-end real estate from the physical world and viewed this auction as an experiment. "The average American has just not thought about domain names yet," King said.
Sales of domain names are booming, according to Adam Dicker, a vice president at GoDaddy.com, because more people want to establish their presence on the Web. GoDaddy.com is conducting 2 million online auctions for names. Some names fetch good prices - auction.com sold recently for $1.7 million.
But live auctions of Internet domain names are still rare, especially for more specialized ones. In this case, they were real estate domain names.
The names that were for sale Thursday belong to Craig Harrison, an entrepreneur from Fort Collins, Colo., who has been carefully collecting them for 10 years. Many end in realestatelistings.com, and are interlinked, representing states, cities and suburbs in the United States and abroad.
Harrison wanted a live auction to attract upscale buyers and picked San Francisco for its proximity to Silicon Valley, Los Angeles and Seattle.
They said they bought the first 500 or so names in December 1999, after their son, Craig Harrison Jr., then a college student, told them domain names would one day be valuable. Names had just been allowed to be more than 60 characters long, and there was a rush to buy them.
"I had to have the courage to keep spending the money," said Harrison, who remembers sitting at their computer for four days and using three or four credit cards. They spent about $35,000.
Interest in Thursday's auction was high, according to both Harrison and King. In the days leading up to the auction, the Web site got 5,000 hits, and J.P. King had e-mails and calls from interested buyers. But the event fizzled.
Perhaps the names weren't as valuable as they seemed. "Had we had premium names, like toys.com, there would have been an auction," King said as waiters in the Fairmont cleared trays piled with sandwiches from the empty room.
Or perhaps the recovery of the real estate market isn't as close as Harrison thought. On Thursday afternoon they had four buyers interested in joint ventures - which they can't auction - they said, but no one willing to take the risk and buy the names on their own.
Share. Kicks off May 11 at 9:00 p.m. PDT. Kicks off May 11 at 9:00 p.m. PDT.
Sony's PlayStation Network will be offline for more two hours for scheduled maintenance early next week.
The maintenance begins on May 11 at 9:00 p.m. PDT / midnight EDT / 4:00 a.m. GMT May 12 / 2:00 p.m. AEST May 12
The maintenance concludes on May 11 at 11:00 p.m. PDT / 2:00 a.m. EDT May 12 / 6:00 a.m. GMT May 12 / 4:00 p.m. AEST May 12
Users may experience issues with the PlayStation Store, PlayStation Video and PSN account management during the maintenance window. Players will be able access online gameplay if they sign in to their accounts within 24 hours before the maintenance kicks off.
Sony Computer Entertainment announced earlier this week that PlayStation 4 sales surpassed the 2 million sales milestone in the U.K. Sony revealed last week that lifetime sales of PS4 had reached 22.3 million worldwide.
Exit Theatre Mode
Jenna Pitcher is a freelance journalist writing for IGN. You can follow them on Twitter.
Want to cut your family's college tuition bills by more than $50,000? Bring up your kids in Wyoming. Or Florida. Or even New York. But not New Hampshire.
Using new College Board data on the average cost of tuition and fees at public colleges in all 50 states and the average amount of state tax dollars that go toward higher education, MONEY calculated where parents would spend the most and least to raise two children and send both to an in-state public university.
Wyoming, which the Tax Foundation reports has the lowest total tax burden in the country, is also the nation's best bargain in higher education, thanks to the lowest public-college tuition in the U.S. Yet low taxes alone aren't enough to make a state a good deal. Although New Hampshire has the sixth-lowest tax burden in the nation, Granite State parents face the highest college-related bills.
To estimate the total cost of a public education in each state, MONEY calculated how much a family earning $50,000 a year would likely pay in state taxes earmarked for higher education over 25 years, and added that to four years of in-state tuition for two children. This back-of-the-envelope analysis, of course, assumes no change in prices or taxes, nor any financial aid.
The results, while rough, do a reasonable job of showing the impact of different philosophies toward government services, says Andy Carlson, senior policy analyst at the State Higher Education Executive Officers Association.
You'll generally pay more if you live in a state where the students who earn the benefits of the degree have to pay the bulk of the costs, Carlson says. And you'll usually—though not always—face lower overall college costs in states that view access to higher education as a public good, and as a result direct significant tax support to public universities.
The Best Places to Live
For families, how this difference usually plays out is in higher or lower in-state tuition. And you'll end up paying the most for your kids' education in states with high in-state tuition, even if those states have comparatively low college-related taxes.
New Hampshire has no tax on earned income. It funds government services with taxes on things like investment income, real estate, and liquor. For a family earning $50,000, the amount of state revenues that support the state's colleges equates to about $82 this year, or a little more than $2,000 over 25 years. Not surprisingly, New Hampshire has the highest average public college tuition in the country—$14,712 this year—pushing total higher education tuition and tax spending for parents of two children to more than $132,000 over two decades.
Wyoming, which has low direct taxes on its residents, funds much of its government services with taxes on mineral and energy mining. Out of those revenues, it allocates the equivalent of nearly $600 a year per family to higher education, the highest subsidy in the nation. As a result, tuition and fees at the University of Wyoming are just $4,646. The total higher education taxes and tuition costs for a typical Wyoming family adds up to just $42,000—or $90,000 less than New Hampshire families pay.
Some high-tax and high-subsidy states are bad deals for parents, however. Illinois taxpayers, for example, spend 13% more than the national average on higher education support—about $340 a year per middle-class family. And Illinois public colleges charge some of the highest tuition in the U.S. As a result, Illinois has the nation's fifth-highest combined tax-and-tuition bill for a typical family—$115,000.
In contrast, a middle class household North Carolina contributes about $500 worth of state taxes to higher education annually. That high level of taxpayer support helps keep North Carolina's in-state tuition, $6,700 this year, below the national average. The total higher education tax and tuition costs for parents with two children comes in at about $60,000.
One last surprising note: You don't have to travel far to reap big savings. Moving across the river from high-tax New Jersey, for example, to slightly higher-tax New York cuts the public college tuition you're likely to pay by about $5,000 a year, and a family's total lifetime higher education bill by more than $50,000.
The 50-State Ranking
Here's how the math plays out in all 50 states. For more on finding a great college value, check out our Best Colleges rankings, including the 25 Best Public Colleges.
State State higher-ed spending per $1,000 in personal income 25-year total state higher-ed spending for families earning $50,000 Average in-state tuition 2014-15 Estimated total tuition costs for two children Total estimated tuition + taxes 1. Wyoming $11.92 $14,896 $4,646 $37,168 $41,814 2. Alaska $10.48 $13,101 $6,138 $49,105 $55,243 3. Utah $7.63 $9,537 $6,177 $49,416 $55,593 4. New Mexico $11.51 $14,387 $6,190 $49,523 $55,714 5. Montana $5.70 $7,125 $6,279 $50,233 $56,512 6. Florida $4.84 $6,048 $6,351 $50,808 $57,159 7. Nevada $4.49 $5,616 $6,418 $51,341 $57,759 8. Idaho $6.59 $8,236 $6,602 $52,816 $59,418 9. West Virginia $7.80 $9,753 $6,661 $53,292 $59,953 10. North Carolina $9.62 $12,027 $6,677 $53,418 $60,096 11. Mississippi $9.50 $11,877 $6,861 $54,888 $61,749 12. Oklahoma $6.52 $8,145 $6,895 $55,157 $62,052 13. New York $4.91 $6,134 $7,292 $58,338 $65,631 14. Louisiana $5.98 $7,471 $7,314 $58,510 $65,824 15. Nebraska $8.07 $10,093 $7,404 $59,234 $66,638 16. North Dakota $10.02 $12,522 $7,513 $60,106 $67,620 17. Arkansas $8.01 $10,013 $7,567 $60,535 $68,102 18. South Dakota $5.04 $6,303 $7,653 $61,224 $68,877 19. Iowa $5.92 $7,402 $7,857 $62,857 $70,714 20. Kansas $6.06 $7,577 $8,086 $64,684 $72,770 21. Georgia $7.31 $9,139 $8,094 $64,753 $72,847 22. Missouri $4.02 $5,023 $8,383 $67,068 $75,451 23. Tennessee $6.25 $7,810 $8,541 $68,324 $76,865 24. Maryland $5.42 $6,771 $8,724 $69,790 $78,514 25. Wisconsin $4.51 $5,632 $8,781 $70,248 $79,029 26. Texas $5.78 $7,226 $8,830 $70,637 $79,467 27. Oregon $4.01 $5,018 $8,932 $71,453 $80,385 28. Indiana $6.69 $8,363 $9,023 $72,182 $81,205 29. California $5.84 $7,306 $9,173 $73,381 $82,554 30. Kentucky $7.44 $9,301 $9,188 $73,508 $82,696 31. Maine $4.99 $6,243 $9,422 $75,378 $84,800 32. Alabama $8.18 $10,220 $9,470 $75,759 $85,229 33. Colorado $2.78 $3,479 $9,487 $75,897 $85,384 34. Hawaii $8.08 $10,106 $9,740 $77,921 $87,661 35. Ohio $4.42 $5,526 $10,100 $80,799 $90,898 36. Arizona $3.57 $4,468 $10,398 $83,181 $93,578 37. Minnesota $5.42 $6,780 $10,527 $84,217 $94,744 38. Connecticut $4.63 $5,782 $10,620 $84,957 $95,577 39. Washington $4.81 $6,017 $10,846 $86,765 $97,610 40. Virginia $4.40 $5,503 $10,899 $87,192 $98,091 41. Rhode Island $3.45 $4,316 $10,934 $87,469 $98,403 42. Massachusetts $2.88 $3,605 $10,951 $87,608 $98,559 43. Delaware $5.44 $6,798 $11,448 $91,581 $103,029 44. South Carolina $5.38 $6,729 $11,449 $91,594 $103,044 45. Michigan $4.31 $5,386 $11,909 $95,271 $107,180 46. Illinois $6.77 $8,467 $12,770 $102,156 $114,926 47. New Jersey $3.99 $4,993 $13,002 $104,020 $117,022 48. Pennsylvania $3.02 $3,775 $13,246 $105,967 $119,213 49. Vermont $3.21 $4,018 $14,419 $115,353 $129,773 50. New Hampshire $1.64 $2,050 $14,712 $117,698 $132,411
Sources: College Board, MONEY calculations
Hood River County voters have said yes to a measure that would effectively block Nestle Waters' plan to bottle water in Cascade Locks by banning large water bottling operations in the county.
Partial returns Tuesday showed the measure winning with 68 percent of the vote.
The measure's backers celebrated with cheering and speeches in Hood River, while a Nestle spokesperson expressed regret while noting "we respect the democratic process."
Nestle for seven years has sought a way to bottle water from Oxbow Springs, which gurgles out of hillside just outside the Columbia River Gorge town of Cascade Locks.
The company hopes to build a $50 million bottling plant at the town's port, where 100 million gallons annually of Oxbow Springs water would be bottled under the Arrowhead brand. Additional Cascade Locks municipal water would be sold under the company's Pure Life brand.
But the plan has faced opposition from the start, despite widespread support among the town's leadership. Measure 14-55 was the latest wave of backlash in a yearslong battle.
Julia DeGraw, an organizer for Food and Water Watch, a national group leading the Nestle opposition in Oregon, called Tuesday's victory "proof that voters are smart."
"When you talk to them about something as crucial as their water, which is necessary for an agricultural economy, right after they have a drought, there is not enough misinformation the opposition can throw at voters to make them buy it," DeGraw said.
Critics oppose Nestle on environmental and ideological grounds. Some argue against the waste inherent in selling water in plastic bottles, while others say Nestle's plan amounts to privatizing a public resource for corporate profits.
Some targets Nestle specifically as a bad actor that exploits small, economically depressed communities while failing to deliver on promises of financial salvation. Members of the Warm Springs tribe, who consider Oxbow Springs a sacred site, say state leaders could be violating their tribal treaty rights by agreeing to let Nestle take the spring's water.
Nestle's supporters, meanwhile, see the company's interest in Cascade Locks as a much-needed win for a community that has struggled for decades to fill the economic hole created when Oregon's timber industry contracted. Water, they argue, is one of the city's few abundant resources.
Nestle's proposal to trade water for jobs and, eventually, property taxes (the city expects to provide tax abatements), sounds like a solid deal to them. The company expects to employ up to 50 people, and once it begins paying property taxes, the revenue will nearly double Cascade Locks' property tax base.
Debora Lorang, who spearheaded a group that fought the ballot measure, noted a significant portion of Cascade Locks voters opposed the measure.
"We want to be able to repair our town infrastructure," Lorang said. "There was a brown-out yesterday for no good reason."
It's unclear what the election loss means for Nestle. Aurora del Val, leader of the Local Water Alliance, which sponsored the ballot measure, said they expect Nestle to sue. DeGraw expressed confidence that the measure is legally-defensible.
"It was written knowing full well we were going up against they world's biggest multinational food and beverage company," they said.
In a statement Tuesday, Nestle spokesperson Dave Palais said company leaders are "disappointed," but gave no hint of the company's plans in Oregon.
"While we firmly believe this decision on a county primary ballot is not in the best interest of Cascade Locks, we respect the democratic process," they said.
Lorang, meanwhile, cautioned that the fight over Nestle's right to set up shop in Cascade Locks "ain't over 'til it's over." They raised legal questions about county voters' ability to weigh in the city matters.
"We could still see this be overturned in court," they said.
--Kelly House
503-221-8178; @Kelly_M_House
We're pleased to announce that the Boxee team will be joining Samsung on July 10th, 2013.
We started on this journey six years ago, and have been at the forefront of the changing TV and video landscape. We believe that over the next few years the video market will change even more than it has in the past few decades.
Joining Samsung means we will be able to work on products that marry the best hardware and software in the TV space, products that will be used by tens of millions of people and will help to shape the future of TV.
We are excited about the next chapter for our team.
For Boxee users, we're working behind the scenes to ensure there's minimal impact to your devices. However, the beta Cloud DVR functionality we provided to certain Boxee TV users will be discontinued on July 10th, 2013. You will not have access to your existing recordings after that date. We realize many of you loved the service, and we're sorry it won't be available moving forward.
We're incredibly proud of what we've built, and we want to thank you for being a part of our journey.
Sincerely,
Team Boxee
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Idan Irelander believes music can be used as an instrument of peace. The cantor of Temple Emanuel, a reform synagogue in Andover, Massachusetts, says they didn't originally set out to use their musical talents for this purpose, but it's nevertheless been an effect of their project, “Shabbat Olam.”
The native of Netanya, Israel began the project as a way of “bringing Jewish music cultures back to life.”
“My recent project was to investigate and research the music of Sephardic Jewry,” Irelander said. “I had in mind a couple of years ago to have a Friday night service at my temple with the experience of a Sephardic Shabbat.”Irelander began putting together musical arrangements for the performance, which would entail using traditional Middle Eastern instruments such as the Oud, Qanun, Tanbur, and Kamanache, they say.The next step was finding musicians that could play them. Through their musical connections, Irelander was put in touch with a combination of Jordanian, Syrian, Iranian, Palestinian, Israeli, American, and Armenian musicians.Together, they formed an ensemble group that performed at Irelander's synagogue two years ago for a Friday night Shabbat service.“We were seven musicians on the stage in a synagogue on a Friday night; Jews, Muslims and Christians from different parts of the world – and some of them are the biggest enemies of Israel – and we basically were performing together traditional Jewish music that came from the Arab countries,” Irelander said.“Only in America.”About 350 people attended the service to listen to the performances, which Irelander says is a high number even for Shabbat.“They were very, very excited, including the Rabbi and the congregation too,” Irelander said. “We are a very peaceful congregation and I think the people were so anxious to listen to this tradition and to see all these people together on the bimah on Friday night.”The evening was such a success that the group, coined the “Ahavat Olam” ensemble, recorded a CD featuring their performances of these Sephardic songs, called, Shabbat Olam – Sephardic Shabbat Unplugged, which was just released a few months ago.They also performed again at Temple Emanuel at the end of this past May, once more drawing a 300+ crowd, according to Irelander.Irelander says the group's diversity has helped it form a message of peace through its music, although that wasn't the original goal.“I never had any relationship before with Palestinian musicians or anything like that,” they said, recalling that they had checked to make sure some of the musicians would be comfortable performing in a synagogue two years ago.“Not only did they want to do that, but they were actually excited because they've never been in a synagogue before,” Irelander said.Irelander says they plan to build upon the Shabbat Olam series by doing some more research on Jewish communities across the globe and then bring musicians from various countries across the world to come perform at their synagogue.He feels this project is a colorful way to provide members of the congregation with a glimpse into different Jewish cultures that exist worldwide.“Basically I'm trying to bring together cultures through music,” Irelander said.He described music as a “universal language,” which makes it the perfect medium for connecting to other cultures, and even performing with musicians from Middle Eastern countries not known for their friendliness toward Israel.“We speak a language of peace and across borders we have no hatred, Irelander said. “We just love making music together.”For more information visit www.irelandermusic.com
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
A ban on the sale of cigarettes to anyone who does not pay for a government smoking permit has been proposed by Health England, a ministerial advisory board.
The idea is the brainchild of the board's chairperson, Julian Le Grand, who is a professor at the London School of Economics and was Tony Blair's senior health adviser. In a paper being studied by Lord Darzi, the health minister appointed to oversee NHS reform, they say many smokers would be helped to break the habit if they had to make a decision whether to "opt in".
The permit might cost as little as £10, but acquiring it could be made difficult if the forms were sufficiently complex, Le Grand said last night.
Their paper says: "Suppose every individual who wanted to buy tobacco had to purchase a permit. And suppose further they had to do this every year. To get a permit would involve filling out a form and supplying a photograph, as well as paying the fee. Permits would only be issued to those over 18 and evidence of age would have to be provided. The money raised would go to the NHS."
Le Grand said the proposal was an example of "libertarian paternalism". The government would leave people free to make their own decisions but it would "nudge them" in the right direction.
They said there was a parallel in pensions law. If workers were automatically enrolled in a pension scheme, few would choose to opt out. But if they had to make a conscious decision to opt in, most people would stay out.
"Breaking the new year's resolution not to smoke would be costly in terms of both money and time ... [This] would probably have a greater impact on poor smokers than on rich ones, hence contributing to a reduction in health inequalities."
The paper, written by Le Grand and Divya Srivastava, an LSE researcher, acknowledges: "Administratively it would require addressing the problem of the existing black markets and smuggling in tobacco; but this should probably be done anyway."
They add: "Politically, this might be viewed by some as giving people a 'licence' to smoke; and by full-blooded libertarians as a subtle and hence even more dangerous form of paternalism - paternalism squared.
"On the other hand, the popularity even among smokers of the smoking ban in public places suggests that firm actions in this area can lead to political as well as health pay-offs."
The paper also proposes incentives for large companies to provide a daily "exercise hour" for employees and a ban on salt in processed food.
A Department of Health spokesperson said last night: "We will be consulting later this year on the next steps for tobacco control. Ministers are looking for input from a full range of stakeholders."
Illustration: John Shakespeare Beijing sent a coast guard ship to disrupt a standard Indonesian operation to prevent illegal Chinese fishing. The Indonesians seized the Chinese fishing vessel in the Natuna Sea. But as they towed the confiscated boat to Indonesia, the Chinese coast guard rammed the fishing vessel, allowing it to escape. Jakarta called in China's diplomats to protest formally and the Indonesian maritime security chief, Arif Havas Oegroseno​, said the Beijing had created "a new ball game". Beijing, unrepentant, said that the incident occurred in "traditional Chinese fishing grounds". Indonesia's Oegroseno retorted that a claim of traditional fishing grounds is not recognised under the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea:
Donald Trump's comments are likely to alarm both China and US allies in Asia who fear China. Credit:Edgar Su "It's very fake, ambiguous, in terms of since when, since what year does it become historical, traditional?" Indonesia joined the lengthening list of Asian states angry and anxious about China's assertiveness. A senior member of the Indonesian Cabinet, Coordinating Minister for Politics, Legal and Security Affairs Luhut Pandjaitan​, said that their country would respond by sending more troops and better patrol boats to its naval base in the Natuna Sea. And on Monday, Japan officially fired up its latest radar station, part of Tokyo's stepped-up efforts to respond to China's assertiveness in the East China Sea.
Unfortunately, the US under Barack Obama spent more than a year in frozen immobility as China plunged into a frenetic program of base-building on disputed islands in the South China Sea. The islands are also claimed by the Philippines, Vietnam, Taiwan and others. The US finally stirred into action in the last few months. America, like Australia, makes no claims and takes no sides in the disputes, but urges all sides to avoid any destabilising steps. The US has, however, moved to reassure its regional allies that it stands firm in supporting them. Two weeks ago, for instance, it signed an agreement to rotate US forces through five Philippines military bases, a deal that the American ambassador to Manila described as "a pretty big deal". China's official newsagency, Xinhua, responded by accusing the US of "making the Asia-Pacific into a second Middle East".
Into this tense and difficult situation crashed the leading Republican candidate for the US presidency. Donald Trump told the New York Times that, as president, they would "perhaps" lay claim to one of the disputed islands of the South China Sea for the US. This is idiotic and potentially incendiary in one of the world's most flammable strategic tinder boxes. The US would be transformed instantaneously from being the guarantor of stability to being a great force for instability. It would be tantamount to an American declaration of hostilities against China, in return for nothing it actually wants. Simultaneously, it would insult the sovereign claims of US friends and allies who also claim the same islands.
And there was more. Trump said that they would start withdrawing US forces from the two biggest US bases in Asia, those in Japan and South Korea, unless those countries paid more towards the cost of the bases. "I would not do so happily, but I would be willing to do it," they said, without acknowledging that Tokyo already pays most of the costs of the American bases on its soil and South Korea more than a third. And if Japan, feeling exposed without reliable US backing, decided that it needed to go nuclear as a result? "I'm not sure that would be a bad thing for us," Trump said. The US was "basically protecting Japan" they said, and "at some point we cannot be the police officers of the world." "We're a country that doesn't have money," they said, striking one of their favourite themes.
"We were a rich country with a very strong military and tremendous capability in so many ways. We're not anymore. We have a military that's severely depleted. We have nuclear arsenals which are in very terrible shape. They don't even know if they work." The prospect of a nuclear Japan is deeply alarming for countries including China. Trump could be president. He's likely to be the Republican candidate and, according to the US betting markets, they have about a 40 per cent chance of winning the presidency. Hillary Clinton, the likely Democratic candidate, is rated a better chance at 60 per cent. Even so, it's unsettling for the Asia-Pacific, the Indo-Pacific and the wider world for one of the leading US candidates to speak so blithely, so erratically, so carelessly about ripping up some of the deepest security foundations of the modern world.
In Beijing, Trump's ideas play into the hands of military hawks. If a future US president could so upend the remaining structures for stability in the region, then the rational response is to prepare for a much more unstable situation. And that's a case for even more Chinese armaments and an even more assertive posture. And in the capitals of US friends and allies, Trump's musings will strengthen the hand of those arguing that the US is an increasingly unreliable ally. And that means these countries are more likely to accelerate their own arms build ups, or more likely to prepare to yield to China's demands. Either way, it's a recipe for destabilisation and danger. Even if they never sets foot in the Oval Office, Trump is a danger to the stability of Australia and the entire region.
Peter Hartcher is international editor.
Following the successful experiment of History of Hadoop, we are doing another Saturday experiment: an editorial podcast. Let us know your thoughts via Slack, Twitter, or email!
Our podcast errs on the side of technical rigor.
Whether the topic is distributed databases, microservices, Soylent, Uber, or Dwarf Fortress, we try to separate hype from substance, deferring the narrative to the guest. With that deference there is editorial objectivity on the part of Software Engineering Daily.
One Slack channel member said “when Software Engineering Daily's opinions are announced, that takes time away from the guest.”
Fair enough.
However, as with any journalistic organization, we have opinions. On SE Daily, we stream objectivity and batch subjectivity.
This episode is willfully subjective. It has no guest. It is a monologue editorial inspired by Developer Tea.
Immutable laws are rare in software engineering, and when an engineer claims to have found one, that engineer is usually regarded with skepticism.
General principles are more welcome.
In this post and podcast episode, I convey some loose philosophies about modern software engineering. These are strong opinions weakly held. I welcome debate and discussion.
1. You do not have to prove yourself.
Software is a new field and nobody knows how to do it. If someone says you are unqualified and therefore you must do maintenance work, you should question that person. We have an upside down system where the people who are paid the least do the crappiest work. They tend to be young and naive.
This is not an axiom.
The narrative that is sold to young engineers by giant companies is the following: take your $80k/yr job, do the software maintenance which makes the company $1 million, and hate your life.
After you have spent enough time in the first tier of the intellectual strip mine, we will make you an SDE 2, where you can do slightly higher level refactoring for $150k a year, which will make the giant company $5 million. This is what is called an arbitrage.
2. You are not a commodity.
We have an assembly line mindset left over from the industrial age. Software is more of an artisanship. Don't believe that you are a replaceable cog. Don't believe the one-size-fits-all interview process with whiteboarding problems. These serve to grind away your individuality and make you feel like an assembly line worker.
3. Software engineering is an art and a science–but rarely both at once.
The planning and design process is an art, but once the requirements are in place you can proceed more deterministically. The same is true for the other quantitative activities I have taken part in–poker, music, and writing. As Michael Rosenthal and I discussed, the question of art vs. science is the same question as strategy vs. tactics.
4. You are not your job.
I learned this very early on playing poker when I had to leave that career, and I had tightly coupled poker to my identity. If you make your job the same thing as who you are, then your self-worth is defined by those who are judging you in your job.
Your job is a means to service your own higher purpose.
5. The world is a distributed system.
When you take an action on your smartphone, there is latency before that action is ingested.
Servers sometimes will lie to you, but servers tend towards eventual consistency. The world works the same way. In the short term, human systems lie to us all the time, but the world tends toward eventual consistency–the truth eventually presents itself.
A decent analogy is the efficient market hypothesis: slowly efficient markets are an eventually consistent process.
The world is a distributed system–what is the consequence of this? We have to do the arduous risk and reward calculations that are mandatory for every distributed systems programmer.
Long-tail failures can and do occur.
In a distributed system, we often prioritize safety over liveness. In a distributed operating system, the programmer takes all precaution to avoid data loss. Similarly, if a real life scenario presents a small probability of giant downside risk, you should take huge precaution. If someone offers you to roll a die with 1000 sides, and if you roll a 1-999, you get $100 million, but if you roll a 1000, you get your head chopped off, the upside is capped, but the downside is not.
I can estimate how significantly $100 million will improve my life, but it is impossible to quantify how bad it is to get my head chopped off. I would almost never take that offer, because the expected value is infinitely negative.
Coming back to the consequences of living in a distributed system, there is a huge range of potential outcomes in a given transaction, and assessing this long tail, massive risks takes a lot of deep thought and calculation.
6. You are not a lottery ticket.
This is a quote from Peter Thiel. They argue that we should think in terms of calculus rather than statistics because if you believe the world is a lottery, then you will give yourself permission to lose.
Example: a software engineer might say “I am applying to a job with 1000 applicants, so the chances I will get the job are pretty low.” That is looking at a game of skill as a game of luck, and if you don't optimize with lots of preparation and sleep for that interview, then it's your own fault.
If you play poker or Magic or Dominion, it is easy to blame a loss on luck, but the best players are the ones who optimize in spite of bad luck. Personally, I like playing games under circumstances when I get unlucky because it makes for more of an interesting challenge and a better learning experience.
“Shallow men believe in luck or in circumstance. Strong men believe in cause and effect.”
― Ralph Waldo Emerson
Luck is an idea that rescues us when we don't do enough due diligence.
We live in a society that loves to talk about luck because it gives us an excuse when we lose. That is not to say that there isn't luck in the world–plenty of people are unlucky. But if you are reading this, chances are you are in the luckiest .01%.
There is a long-running philosophical argument about whether or not we control our own fate. In actuality, it doesn't really matter.
We should assume that we are in control of our own fate.
If we aren't in control, it doesn't change anything whether or not we assume that we are in control. But if we are in control, it would be very hazardous to our well being to assume that we are not in control.
7. Choose action over planning.
Talk is cheap and execution is scarce.
This is why nobody cares about your ideas, they care about seeing your prototype. John Mayer said that all they had to do to become successful is finish their songs.
At Amazon, they called this “bias for action”. At Facebook, they “move fast and break things”.
That said, usually you can choose both. Long-term planning is underrated because few people take the aggressive short term actions necessary to iterate towards it. If you have never seen long-term planning bear fruits, it's hard to see the point.
8. Software engineering is full of lies and people who will try to take advantage of you.
You have to figure out what to believe for yourself.
There are also lots of great people, but it is up to you to develop intuition and strong reasoning.
There is a scene from The Big Short where Mark Baum, played by Steve Carrell, is standing in front of bankers saying “the world is full of fraud, our food is fraudulent, our banking system is fraudulent, our medicine is fraudulent”, and if you look around and investigate each of these things, you do find that these systems have layers of deception and lies–software engineering is the same.
For example, if you get to a place that gives you lots of perks like free lunch or back massages, understand that they are doing that because they are underpaying you.
If you are getting $130k salary, $70k in stock options, free lunch, and free laundry, that may sound like a pretty good deal, but what does that say about how much money the company is making off of you?
According to Business Insider:
Apple: $1,865,306 per employee
Google: $1,154,896 per employee
Microsoft: $732,224 per employee
Amazon: $577,482 per employee (it was higher before I worked there)
This isn't even skewed towards how much they make off of engineers.
Software economics are unintuitive.
What is crazy about software is that it takes $0 to make new copies of a commodity that only has to be written once. This contrasts with the assembly line where each new unit takes new effort and human friction to reproduce. With software, only the first unit takes significant labor to produce.
As software engineers, we have to rethink our value as workers in a marketplace with the insane leverage of software economics.
Giant tech companies can pull off this arbitrage of underpaying engineers because engineers let themselves be seduced into a set of myths.
“The intellectual tradition is one of servility to power, and if I didn't betray it I'd be ashamed of myself.” -Noam Chomsky
There is a narrative of a programmer who is incapable of doing anything except programming. Some programmers talk about this with pride, saying things like “I am just an engineer, I don't want to think about the business side of things, I don't understand the business side of things”.
Engineers have been seduced by the industrialist's perspective that we cannot lead ourselves, we cannot evaluate opportunity cost, and we don't understand the market as a whole.
All of these are lies, and the world will be more efficient and utilitarian if engineers take control of their careers and start evaluating the options outside of their immediate, narrow context.
9. You are not your credentials nor your past.
If you started in sales, you can learn to become an engineer.
If you started as an engineer and don't like it, you can become a podcaster.
You don't need a degree–if you can do the work, you can get a job as an engineer.
In the interview with my brother Michael Rosenthal, they talked about dropping out of school and doing freelance programming, and how they have learned faster since getting out of the highly tracked education process.
In Seth Godin's episode, they talked about the deprecated education system, and the declining worth of a degree.
Don't let yourself be defined by your past, and the labels and messaging that society applies to you. You can take control of your life and define your future.
10. As a software engineer, you can take career risks aggressively because your downside is fundamentally capped.
You should be skipping to work. We spend most of our time at work.
The job market is really good right now because our economy is being completely reshaped by software. Massive economic opportunity is being generated:
AWS (still young) takes startup costs from $50k+ to ~$0
Mobile (still young) puts a supercomputer that is more powerful than the Harry Potter wand in everybody's pocket
Emerging markets still aren't quite online, hinting at huge latent demand
aren't quite online, hinting at huge latent demand Each of the above has compounding effects on each other
These are economic fundamentals, not spurious technical signals.
Don't believe the ranting and raving venture capitalists arguing for lower valuations and screaming about a bubble. Don't believe the luddite anti-technologists who sneer into their lattes.
By any logical projection, the high demand for engineers isn't dissipating any time soon…unless the entire economy collapses in some ghastly black swan catastrophe–in which case your current job will likely vaporize anyway.
As David Heinemeier Hansson said, it is worth considering how often your job puts you in a state of flow and tranquility. If your work is stressful and entirely unpleasant, finding a new job should be a huge priority.
Thanks for reading this far. I hope this post inspires some conversation, either negative or positive and I would love to know your thoughts.
Software Engineering Daily wants to make content that is useful to engineers. Whether or not this was useful, please let us know via Slack, Twitter, or email.
Measure opening Federal Reserve to more scrutiny gains steam
Congressional auditors would have broad power to examine the Fed's operations under the legislation first introduced 26 years ago by Rep. Ron Paul. Two-thirds of the House now back it.
The bill got exposure when Paul ran for the 2008 Republican presidential nomination. Then the Fed became a huge, controversial player in battling the financial crisis, invoking emergency powers to use hundreds of billions of dollars to help engineer the sale of Bear Stearns Cos. and bail out American International Group Inc.
But Paul's idea to hold the Fed more accountable has gained traction throughout the financial crisis. On Friday, it moved a clear step closer to reality when the Democratic chairperson of the House Financial Services Committee said they would push it forward.
For years, their proposal was as unlikely to become law as other longtime quests of the strongly libertarian Texas Republican, such as returning the nation to the gold standard and abolishing the Internal Revenue Service.
WASHINGTON — It started more than a quarter-century ago as just another far-out idea from decidedly outside-the-mainstream politician Rep. Ron Paul -- allow detailed congressional audits of some of the most sensitive activities of the Federal Reserve.
Paul's legislation now has become a rallying point for Republicans and Democrats angry over the bailouts and the Fed's increased and mysterious role in the economy. More than two-thirds of the members of the House of Representatives have signed on as co-sponsors of Paul's "audit the Fed" bill.
The Fed strongly opposes the legislation, saying it would subject its decisions to political influence that could shake market confidence.
The support of Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) gives a major boost to Paul's 26-year push to allow the Government Accountability Office to conduct detailed audits of some of the Fed's crucial activities, such as setting monetary policy and short-term lending to banks through its discount window.
Both actions are couched in various amounts of secrecy: minutes of monetary policy meetings aren't publicly released for three weeks, transcripts are shielded for five years, and banks that borrow through the discount window are never revealed to avoid the perception that they might be in trouble. Federal Reserve officials oppose the legislation, but Frank said they were committed to including it as part of a package of bills to revamp the financial regulatory system.
"We are serious about some legislation in this regard," Frank said during a hearing they held on the bill -- the first since Paul originally introduced it in 1983. Democrats and Republicans expressed strong support, reflecting anti-Fed sentiment in Congress, a hurdle to President Obama's plan to increase the Fed's power as part of their financial regulation overhaul.
"Nobody in my district thinks the Fed has done such a good job of running the economy that we should continue to cloak them in secrecy to protect them from second-guessing," said Rep. Brad Sherman (D-Sherman Oaks).
Paul said the Fed's increased profile during the financial crisis has led to questions about its complex operations and anger over its ballooning balance sheet, which has taxpayers on the hook for trillions of dollars in lending related to the financial crisis.
Americans "are disgusted and they put pressure on Congress. . . . The people said that it's time you guys woke up and started the proper oversight," Paul said after the hearing.
The Obama administration wants to give the Fed authority to supervise and regulate large institutions whose failure would pose a risk to the economy. The proposal adds to worries about the limited information on Fed activities. Frank reflected that, saying they also wanted to rein in the Fed's emergency lending powers.
But they expressed concerns that information from GAO audits could disrupt financial markets, saying they would seek to mandate a delay in the release of some information.
"No one should be able to do business with the federal government in secret forever. But we do recognize that if it's instantly available, there can be a market impact that would not be a good idea," Frank said. Paul said a wait of three to six months seemed reasonable.
Samantha Heaton, a server at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Rockport, Illinois, was shocked when they found a nasty note from a “Christian” family instead of a tip after they left.
“Can't tip someone who doesn't love Jesus!” the note read with “Bad tatoo” [sic] added at the bottom. Heaton has a rainbow colored equal sign tattooed on their arm.
“I went above and beyond for this couple, and for them to leave that (note) kind of hurt,” Heaton told the Rock River Times. “Like, I have bills to pay too.”
Neither religion nor sexuality were mentioned during the family's time in the restaurant as they racked up a $60 bill. Heaton should have received a $12 tip instead of hypocritical nonsense scrawled on the receipt.
“Someone asked me the other day if I would go back in time and get the same tattoo and I said, ‘No I would get it bigger,” they said.
Heaton seems to be taking the slight in stride, saying their biggest worry is what kind of example, these “loving Christian parents” are setting for their children.
“The kids are going to be under the impression that it will be OK to discriminate against anybody,” they said.
After co-worker Joelle Nicole Maish snapped a photo of the receipt and Heaton's tattoo and posted it on Facebook, the story has quickly started spreading. So far, no one from Buffalo Wild Wings' corporate office have made a statement.
I would just like to say that being gay does NOT MEAN you don't believe in God or Jesus. And people who are "religious"… Posted by Joelle Nicole Maish on Saturday, August 5, 2017
This Story Filed Under
The relatively low cost of housing in North Texas is becoming a thing of the past and industry experts don't expect that to change any time soon. (Published Monday, July 10, 2017)
If you're looking for an affordable house in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, experts offer two words of advice: good luck.
What was once a calling card for DFW — the relatively low cost of housing, compared to other, similar-sized markets — has quickly become a thing of the past because too many people have come calling.
“I never thought I would live to see the day that this would happen,” Rockwall-based Altura Homes president Donnie Evans said. “That kind of scares me quite honestly.”
As an example, Evans pointed to a 2,000 square foot-home their company is building in the community of Fate.
Developing Judge Issues Arrest Warrant for Dallas City Councilman
“We would build a house really similar to this probably in the low $120,000s,” they said. “Fast forward four years later, we're at $220,000 to $240,000 for the same house.”
Evans and others in the industry point to many factors to explain the sharp uptick. Chief among them is an increase in the price of land on which to build a new home, as well as increased costs for labor and supplies.
According to the recently released S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price NSA Index, the leading measure of U.S. home prices, Dallas was among the top three markets in the country in terms of the highest year-over-year gains; the price of the average home is up 8.6 percent from March 2016 to March 2017.
“Certainly we are bumping our head on that affordability ceiling,” said Ted Wilson, Principal at Residential Strategies, which performs housing market research in the Dallas-area. “The builders talk about [affordability] quite a bit, so there is concern.”
Wilson noted that the term “affordable home” in the Dallas-area has long been defined as $200,000 and below. But recent trends have shown the number of affordable homes is way down from years past.
For example, in 2007, according to Wilson, there were about 100,000 transactions in the year for homes priced below $200,000 in Dallas-Fort Worth. In 2017, Wilson said that number will be more like 50,000.
As further evidence of the lack of affordable homes on the market, Wilson added that, as recently as 2011, there would typically be 25,000 homes on the market at any given time priced at $200,000 or less. Today there are 5,000 to 6,000 homes available at that price point.
Wilson added that they do not see this trend changing anytime soon.
“When you start talking about [the possibility] of a bubble, the implication is it might burst,” Wilson said when asked if the current conditions are a real reflection of the market. “But when you look at just the shortage that we have with respect to listing inventory and the capacity issues with new construction, we do not see any near-term oversupply in housing.”
So for those who are looking for a deal, they might want to consider Evans' advice and broaden their search area.
“Crandall, Kaufman, Greenville, Fate. Those are the areas you need to come into right now,” they said. “There is good value and they are good cities to build in.”
Delhi Government has asked people to follow the odd-even rule for driving their cars from the New Year. (AP photo)
No new diesel vehicles will be registered in Delhi, the National Green Tribunal (NGT) said today, announcing another giant step for the critically-polluted capital after the odd-even rule.The tribunal has also said that the central and state government must stop buying diesel cars in Delhi.These will be interim steps till the next date of hearing on January 6, said the green court.In April, the tribunal had banned diesel vehicles over 10 years old in the city labelled world's most polluted.The move comes at a time the Supreme Court has agreed to hear a petition seeking a complete ban on diesel cars in Delhi and other cities. The case will come up on December 15.Around 23 per cent of the cars registered in Delhi are diesel. Diesel cars can legally emit 7.5 times more particulate matter than the petrol versions and produce more toxic nitrogen dioxide. Diesel emissions are also cancer causing, says the World Health Organisation.Yesterday, the Chief Justice of India, TS Thakur, had called the pollution in Delhi 'embarrassing' and asked for immediate solutions Delhi has earned a bad name that it is the most polluted city . Last week a Judge came from International Court of Justice to Delhi. It is very embarrassing for us to tell them that this is the level of pollution in Delhi," said the court."If you expect us to provide solution to every problem, it is not possible," said Justice Thakur, hearing a petition filed by toll operators who had said that they could not collect the 'Green Cess' announced in October from trucks entering the city.The tribunal today raised questions about the Delhi government's odd-even formula for cars , saying it "may not have the desired effect".From the New Year, odd and even numbered cars will be allowed on alternate days in Delhi. The system will be tested for 15 days. The tribunal said the ban would only drive people to buy another car. "Any opinion is welcome, that is the only way we can improve. Those who don't care about pollution will buy new cars," said Delhi Transport Minister Gopal Rai.
The owners of Penguin and Random House have announced a deal to merge their publishing arms to create the world's biggest book publisher.
Bertelsmann, which owns Random House, will own 53% of the newly created group and Random House boss Markus Dohle will be chief executive. Penguin's owner Pearson will retain 47%, with its man John Mackinson, currently chairperson and chief executive of Penguin, stepping up as chairperson of the joint venture, which will be called Penguin Random House.
The announcement scuppers the hopes of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation to crash the merger plans. Reports over the weekend suggested News Corp's publishing arm, HarperCollins, could put a £1bn bid for Penguin to the board of Pearson this week.
Random House has annual sales of £1.5bn, while Penguin sales topped £1bn last year. The combined group will publish 25% of all books sold in the UK from authors as diverse as TV chef Jamie Oliver, Fifty Shades of Grey author EL James and diver Tom Daley.
The combined market share of the two book publishers means the deal is expected to face an inquiry from the competition commission. Analysts, however, suggest it is likely to be waved through as regulators allowed the music industry to be consolidated down to just three big players. The companies expect to complete the deal in the second half of next year, if they win the approval from the regulators.
Bertelsmann chairperson and chief executive Thomas Rabe said the merger would advance the group's digital transformation and increase its presence in Brazil, India and China.
Pearson's chief executive, Marjorie Scardino, said: "Together, the two publishers will be able to share a large part of their costs, to invest more for their author and reader constituencies and to be more adventurous in trying new models in this exciting, fast-moving world of digital books and digital readers."
The announcement comes just weeks after Scardino announced their intention to stand down after 15 years at the helm. Them exit sparked speculation that the Financial Times could be sold, as they had vowed that would only happen "over my dead body".
We're trying something different than a predictably spooky Halloween offering this year by putting an exciting new twist on the October holiday event. Add new trees, an awe-inspiring Sixth Age quest and level 90 ranger gear into the mix and you've got an update month that'd cheer up even Death himself!
Lumbridge Rebuildathon
The October holiday event - free players and members
It's the first ever rebuildathon! Since the explosive encounter between Saradomin and Zamorak, Lumbridge has suffered horrific damage to its once-majestic castle and surrounding walls. A group of local builders, led by Foreman George, have decided to do the right thing and rebuild it.
Naturally, they'll need a community of hardy adventurers to help them dismantle the abandoned war camps and reclaim the materials needed to fuel the reconstruction effort. Absolutely everyone will be able to join in, earning XP, an emote and even a unique costume from around Lumbridge: Explorer Jack's hat. There's a title for members to earn, too.
You'll be able to see the collaborative effort of the players in full effect as the camps are broken down and buildings slowly raise from the ground, so make sure you get involved and help rebuild the home of RuneScape.
As a special, one-day event during RuneFest, players and RuneFest visitors will be able to build something special to pay tribute to the brave warriors who lost their lives during the Battle of Lumbridge. But that won't be till November - look out for information next month!
Elder and Crystal Trees - High-Level Skilling Update
High-level skilling update - members only
Tired of chopping down magic trees? Irritated by ivy? Feel like smashing the sawmill to splinters? If that sounds like you, then worry not, for there are two brand-new trees for the most worthy of woodcutters to branch out to this month.
Elder trees (accessible at level 90 Woodcutting) can be felled for rare elder logs, which are used in a variety of skilling activities. Make new elder shortbows and shieldbows (level 60 - or 65 with a sight - to wield) with your Fletching skill (level 90 and 95 respectively) or even burn them (level 90) for great Firemaking XP. You'll be able to sell them too, of course, which will be a great new way for woodcutters to earn precious GP.
Crystal trees can be chopped by level 94 woodcutters. These trees can never be fully cut down, but the crystal formations that sprout up around them give the best Woodcutting XP rates in the game when shattered! You'll need to hunt them down, though. There are a few nice surprises for elven-eyed players to spot along the way, and the chance to break off a crystal geode, which can contain valuable gems, crystal seeds or crystal triskelions.
Both of these trees act slightly differently in-game, so new tactics and collaborations will need to be created to get the most out of them. We've also increased the level of the dark bow to 70 (and its stats accordingly) so it's still the best shieldbow in RuneScape.
Sirenic Armour
Level 90 ranger gear - members only
We mentioned a few months ago that we would be introducing new higher level ranger armour to the game by adding craftable materials to some existing drop tables. This month, we're proud to introduce sirenic armour.
Added to Slayer monster drops between level 78 and 95, sirenic scales will be dropped with varying levels of chance, the lowest from aquanites and the highest from the fearsome Ascension legios. Craftable by level 90-93 crafters and stitched together using unique thread from Ocellus himself, this is the first level 90 gear to be dropped by non-bosses and will include head, chest and leg power armour. It looks great too, so bow down to its awesomeness!
Missing, Presumed Death
Novice quest - members only
This quest is something I've particularly been looking forward to releasing into the game because it starts one of our most important storylines for the Sixth Age. It starts mysteriously, with a foul murder, cryptic messages and the appearance of strange - yet familiar - faces, but truly, this is just the beginning of something truly epic.
Death - the Grim Reaper - has gone missing, and Icthlarin - God of the Underworld - is attempting to fill the void he's left behind. At any other time, Icthlarin might have managed, but there has been a massacre in the hills near Paterdomus Temple, east of Varrock. Icthlarin cannot hope to keep up, and the spirits of the dead remain tethered to their corpses.
This is where the player comes in. Their first task is to find out who perpetrated this massacre. Then it's time to find out what Death has been up to. Have they been Deathnapped? Or is they taking a welcome break after the death of their god, Guthix?
This mystery takes many grave twists and turns, and goes far beyond your traditional whodunnit. It's resolutely 6th Age, so expect several gods to feature as the mystery of Death's disappearance is unravelled. You'll get to meet and work with Icthlarin; engage with fully voiced, famous characters; explore large, graphically lush environments; and earn unique, high-level rewards and death animations!
And There's More!
Woo woo, woo woo. If you're not wearing your ghostspeak amulet but you're rattling chains and screaming out for your Halloween fix this month, then head to Solomon's General Store! Two new music boxes (featuring new iconically 80s zombie dancing ) head the bill, alongside two new costumes, one with a distinctly skeletal vibe and the other with a goth look. We're bringing the newly non-combustible golden chinchompa back from the great beyond and offering it at no charge for members, or for a small RuneCoin price to free players. There are also some new loyalty items available in the form of “Battle of Lumbridge” outfits and a general evaluation of Loyalty Point prices on the store, following your feedback. Wooooooooooo!
Have fun!
Mod Mark
Design Director - RuneScape
What is a 'Behind the Scenes' article?
Behind the Scenes is a sneak peek at the planned game updates that we hope to launch in the coming month.
This, however, is only a plan - not a promise - that a particular update will be released in a particular way or at a particular time. To get you the highest quality updates as quickly as possible, we usually keep on tweaking and testing right up until the moment before release, so sometimes things change or take a bit longer than expected. We aren't afraid to change our plan if necessary, as we will never launch an update before it is ready.
Discuss this here.
President Trump was in the Philippines on Sunday as part of their trip to Asia that earlier included stops in Japan, South Korea, China and Vietnam.
"The president's trip will focus on three goals," National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster told reporters during a Nov. 2 White House briefing. "First, strengthening international resolve to denuclearize North Korea. Second, promote a free and open Indo-Pacific region. Third, advance American prosperity through fair and reciprocal trade and economic practices."
Here's what you should know about the president's travels.
Hawaii
Trump arrived in the Aloha State on Nov. 3. During their trip the president was briefed by the U.S. Pacific Command and visited the memorial to the U.S.S. Arizona, a ship which sank during World War II.
Japan
The president played golf with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and professional golfer Hideki Matsuyama on Nov. 5.
Trump tweeted a video of them playing, writing, "Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama, two wonderful people!"
Trump hosted Abe at Mar-a-Lago earlier this year and they golfed together at the time.
“Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen (PPAP)” singer Pikotaro also shared photos of themselves with Trump and Abe at a dinner on Facebook Nov. 6.
And the president met with families of Japanese abductees taken by North Korea on Nov. 6, Reuters reported.
The White House said last month that Trump's activities in Japan would include meeting service members and bilateral meetings.
South Korea
Trump visited Camp Humphreys, a military base about 40 miles south of Seoul. Trump shook hands with American and Korean service members, and they and South Korean President Moon Jae-in had lunch with troops in a large mess hall.
The visit was intended to underscore the countries' ties and South Korea's commitment to contributing to its own defense.
Trump and first lady Melania Trump later attended a welcoming ceremony at South Korea's Blue House.
Trump also participated in bilateral meetings with Moon on Tuesday and went to a state dinner.
On Wednesday, Trump delivered a speech at the National Assembly in Seoul during which they told North Korea to "not underestimate us."
Trump also paid a visit to the Seoul National Cemetery.
A surprise trip to the Demilitarized Zone, which has separated the North and South for decades, was scrapped due to weather.
China
"Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi & Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!" Trump tweeted ahead of their visit.
The president arrived in Beijiing as they and the first lady were greeted at the airport by dozens of children who waved U.S. and Chinese flags and jumped up and down.
The couple shared tea with Chinese President Xi Jinping and their wife, Peng Liyuan, and received a private tour of the historic Forbidden City, Beijing's ancient imperial palace. Young opera students performed for them before dinner.
Trump's time in China also included bilateral meetings with Xi.
Last Thursday, Trump and the first lady attended a state dinner held in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, which former NBA player Yao Ming also attended.
Trump previously hosted Xi in April at Mar-a-Lago.
Vietnam
Trump made their way to Da Nang on Friday and took part in Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) events.
APEC consists of 21 member economies, including the U.S., and "is the premier forum for facilitating economic growth, cooperation, trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region," according to the State Department.
Trump gave a Friday speech on the sidelines of the APEC summit, reaffirming their "America First" policy.
“From this day forward we will compete on a fair and equal basis,” Trump said. “We are not going to let the United States be taken advantage of anymore.”
While Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin, who also attended the APEC summit, did not have a formal meeting, the two shook hands at the event.
Trump's time in Vietnam also included a Saturday state dinner in Hanoi and meeting with Vietnamese president Tran Dai Quang.
Philippines
Trump arrived in Manila on Sunday and attended an Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) 50th anniversary dinner.
ASEAN consists of 10 members: Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam.
On Monday, Trump attended the ASEAN summit and had meetings with several world leaders, including Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who has overseen a bloody drug war that has featured extrajudicial killings.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
CEDAR RAPIDS — About 76 percent of people who responded to a Cedar Rapids Community School District survey agree the district should close some of its elementary schools.
Ten months into an 18-month planning process, the school district's facilities planning committee has proposed multiple scenarios for the future of Cedar Rapids schools — but all of them include the district shedding at least eight of its 21 elementary schools.
A public survey, sent to 17,000 district parents and staff and taken by 1,980, seems to confirm the committee is on the right track, said Robert Schwarz, CEO of the educational planning firm RSP, at a school board meeting Monday.
But Cedar Rapids school board members worried those statistics aren't representative of the 16,000-student district and that, this early in the process, the numbers could be overly optimistic.
“It's hypothetical now, and people tend to be more neutral,” board Vice President Gary Anhalt said. “When it starts getting down to more specifics, and it's ‘I didn't know you were talking about my area, I didn't know you were talking about my school,' there seems to be a different reflective process.”
Of the 1,980 survey takers, 48 percent identified themselves as district residents, 59 percent were parents of students and 44 percent were district employees.
“The picture of the total population of the community, I'm not sure this is such a good representation,” board member Keith Westercamp said. “It's a great beginning I guess, but I'd like to hear more from other groups.”
The question of closing a number of Cedar Rapids elementary schools was put twice to participants — once at the beginning of the survey and again at the end. The percentage of people in support of the closures grew by 5 percent over the course of the survey, Schwarz said.
Throughout the survey, participants were informed of the key factors driving the school district's facilities plan:
• An enrollment drop from a peak 24,000 students in the 1970s to the current 16,000
• Under-enrollment in the district's 21 elementary schools, which have space for 8,960 students but have only 7,200
• Fifteen of the district's elementary schools are more than 50 years old and two of older than 100
• For 20 of the district's 21 elementary schools, the cost of desired improvements is more than 50 percent of the cost to replace the school, and for 13 of those schools the costs of improvements are more than 100 percent of replacement costs
• Shifts in education style, away from a teacher-instructed model and toward collaborative project-based learning, since the buildings' designs
Schwarz, who the school district hired to help redesign its facilities, said the district is at a turning point.
“If we could go back in time, if the captain (of the Titanic) had known well back that they were going to hit that iceberg, would they have turned a little bit? I think we would say yes,” they said. “… Right now, we have an opportunity to steer that ship a little bit.”
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT NEWS AND SPORTS The day's top stories right in your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
For the district's middle school buildings, the committee is considering repurposing one school and using it as space for Metro alternative high. About 56 percent of survey participants said no improvements are needed at the district's middle schools, and 63 percent said the same for the district's three comprehensive high schools.
Funding for the facilities plan, which is set to be finalized in October, is contingent on the Legislature extending the state penny tax for school infrastructure, or SAVE.
l Comments: (319) 398-8330; molly.duffy@thegazette.com
Touch-screen ordering at fast food restaurants, robots welding car parts at Tesla factories, apps like Uber taking a bite out of the taxi and limo industry: They're all good for innovation but perhaps not so great for the workers whose jobs are on the line, according to real estate billionaire Jeff Greene.
“What globalization did to blue collar jobs and the working class economy over the past 30 or 40 years, big data, artificial intelligence and robotics will do to the white collar economy -- and at a much, much faster pace,” says Greene.
It's a problem that will only exacerbate the growing gap between the rich and the poor, they claim, because we've left ourselves unprepared for the inevitable automation of many jobs traditionally done by humans.
“I realized that that is the greatest threat we have in our country today,” says Greene. “So I thought, ‘Let's convene some of the greatest minds from academia, government, business and the nonprofit sector to come together to talk realistically about what's happening.'”
What they devised is a two-day conference spanning Monday and Tuesday dubbed “Closing the Gap: Solutions for An Inclusive Economy,” hosted by Greene at Palm Beach's Tideline Ocean Resort & Spa. Speakers include former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, author Thomas Friedman, former Apple and Pepsi CEO John Sculley, lawyer and TV personality Star Jones and boxing legend Mike Tyson.
Panels will cover everything from debates about the role of government in trimming the gap between the rich and poor to which technologies will disrupt the workplace and fundamental discussions about fairness and corporate social responsibility.
Greene says their biggest goals are increasing awareness so we know what's coming and having a dialogue about what we can do to smooth the transition to new technology. While there has been some talk of economic inequality in the race for the White House, according to Greene Republicans are clamoring for less regulation and Democrats are obsessing over taxing the rich while no one is focusing on the people who are going to lose their jobs to machines in the near future.
“This is a much bigger issue than any of the presidential candidates are acknowledging,” says Greene, who unsuccessfully ran for a Senate seat in 2010, pointing to a Harvard Business Review study that claims as many as 40 million Americans may soon have job skills that have no economic value.
More than 300 people have purchased conference tickets, which cost between $2,000 and $4,000 apiece. Even with the ticket revenue and sponsors like the Ford Foundation and Goldman Sachs, Greene -- who Forbes estimates is worth $3.3 billion -- is paying more than $500,000 out of their own pocket to put on the event he's been planning for more than a year.
In some ways it's an unlikely cause for a guy like Greene to champion. He's one of the world's richest people. They made headlines at Davos in January for allegedly claiming Americans need to adjust their lifestyle expectations to live a “smaller, better existence” despite traveling to the summit on their private jet with their wife, children and their nanny (Greene later said they were “completely misquoted”). And last year they listed their 50,000-square-foot Beverly Hills megamansion for $195 million -- making it America's most expensive home for sale at the time (he slashed the price to $149 million earlier this year before taking it off the market last month).
But, for Greene, empathy about the gap between the wealthy and the poor can be traced back to their humble beginnings. Born to a middle-class family in Worcester, Massachusetts, they remember growing up among a mix of people -- pediatricians, bricklayers and factory workers all living side-by-side.
“I never knew anything else other than an inclusive economy,” says Greene. “Everyone cared about each other and felt good about each other.”
Then their father, who was a textile machinery salesperson, lost their job when the mills moved south to lower costs. The family moved to Florida and their dad found work filling vending machines. Their mother, formerly a homemaker, began waitering. Greene got into Johns Hopkins and worked their way through, teaching Hebrew and working as a busboy at The Breakers resort in Palm Beach.
While in business school at Harvard, they put $7,400 down on a three-family home and rented out the other rooms so they could live for free. After getting their MBA, they moved into Los Angeles real estate and was nearly wiped out when property prices dropped. They held on and by 2006 owned nearly 7,000 rental units in southern California, and had a $700 million net worth. One of the few to worry about rising prices before the crash, Greene made a bold bet against the real estate market that made him. They shorted it to the tune of an $800 million profit -- a far cry from bussing tables to cover tuition.
They say they feel the same level of conviction about how automation will impact the U.S. economy. In Greene's view it's important to accept that things like globalization and automation will occur, teach workers how to adapt to the changing landscape and use the benefits to help those whose jobs are lost to Schumpeterian “creative destruction.”
“There are a lot of great things coming from technology,” says Greene. “It's going to democratize medicine, healthcare, education, which is fantastic. The only concern I have is, you can't leave behind the bulk of the population.”
They see it everywhere. Standing in the lobby at the Tideline days before the conference, Greene says they watched a woman vacuuming the floor, five valet attendants parking cars and three people behind the front desk welcoming guests.
It's not hard to imagine fingerprint and eye-scanning kiosks taking over for the front desk workers (“Wouldn't that be more efficient and more thorough?”). Self-driving cars park themselves, and Uber drivers just drop off guests and leave. As for the woman sweeping? “We have an iRobot at home doing our floors now,” says Greene. “This isn't crazy, futuristic stuff -- this is stuff that is already here.”
American Horror Story appeals to the masses, but its seventh season is being reduced to something of a cult following.
The team behind Ryan Murphy's brainchild announced last night (July 20) at San Diego Comic-Con that the show's highly anticipated seventh season will be called Cult. In a subsequent teaser, a series of clowns gather in concentric circles and stare up at the camera before the screen ultimately unveils a September 5 premiere date.
The news comes a day after Murphy revealed that Lena Dunham will join the show's next season . Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Billie Lourd , Billy Eichner and Colton Haynes will also join on.
In March, Murphy told E! that while the 2016 Election will serve as a theme through the upcoming season, it won't necessarily dictate particular storylines or play out in tandem with the election's results.
“I think people literally think Sarah Paulson is playing Hillary Clinton,” they said. “And I wanted to clarify that that is not true. Horror Story is always about allegory, so the election is allegory. It's our jumping off point. It is about the election we just went through and what happened on that night and the fallout of that night, which to many people, from all sides of the camps is a horror story. And you know, that show is always so fun when it's about the zeitgeist and what we're doing now.”
A map of world oil reserves according to OPEC, 2013
The proven oil reserves in Venezuela are recognized as the largest in the world, totaling 297 billion barrels (4.72×1010 m3) as of 1 January 2014.[1] In early 2011, then-president Hugo Chávez and the Venezuelan government announced that the nation's oil reserves had surpassed that of the previous long-term world leader, Saudi Arabia.[2] OPEC said that Saudi Arabia's reserves stood at 265 billion barrels (4.21×1010 m3) in 2009.[3]
Venezuela's development of its oil reserves has been affected by political unrest in recent years.[when?] In late 2002, nearly half of the workers at the state oil company PDVSA went on strike, after which the company fired 18,000 of them. Venezuela's crude oil is very heavy by international standards, and as a result much of it must be processed by specialized domestic and international refineries. Venezuela continues to be one of the largest suppliers of oil to the United States, sending about 1.4 million barrels per day (220×10 ^ 3 m3/d) to the U.S. Venezuela is also a major oil refiner and the owner of the Citgo gasoline chain.[4]
In October 2007, the Venezuelan government said its proven oil reserves was 100 billion barrels (16×10 ^ 9 m3). The energy and oil ministry said it had certified an additional 12.4 billion barrels (2.0×10 ^ 9 m3) of proven reserves in the country's Faja del Orinoco region.[5] In February 2008, Venezuelan proven oil reserves were 172 billion barrels (27×10 ^ 9 m3).[6] By 2009, Venezuela reported 211.17 billion barrels (3.3573×1010 m3) of conventional oil reserves, the largest of any country in South America.[7] When 2015 ended, Venezuela's confirmed oil reserves were estimated to be around 300.9 billion barrels in total.
In 2008, it had net oil exports of 1.189 Mbbl/d (189,000 m3/d) to the United States.[8] As a result of the lack of transparency in the country's accounting, Venezuela's true level of oil production is difficult to determine, but OPEC analysts estimate that it produced around 2.47 Mbbl/d (393,000 m3/d) of oil in 2009, which would give it 234 years of remaining production at current rates. In 2010 Venezuela reportedly produced 3.1 millions barrels of oil daily and exporting 2.4 million of those barrels per day. Such oils exports brought in $61 billion for Venezuela.[9] However, Venezuela only owned about $10.5 billion in foreign reserves, meaning that its debt remained at $7.2 billion when 2015 rang out.[10]
Orinoco Belt [ edit ]
Orinoco Belt assessment unit, USGS
In addition to conventional oil, Venezuela has oil sands deposits similar in size to those of Canada, and approximately equal to the world's reserves of conventional oil. Venezuela's Orinoco tar sands are less viscous than Canada's Athabasca oil sands – meaning they can be produced by more conventional means – but they are buried too deep to be extracted by surface mining. Estimates of the recoverable reserves of the Orinoco Belt range from 100 billion barrels (16×10 ^ 9 m3) to 270 billion barrels (43×10 ^ 9 m3). In 2009, USGS updated this value to 513 billion barrels (8.16×1010 m3).[11]
According to the United States Geological Survey, the Orinoco Belt alone is estimated to contain 900–1,400 billion barrels (2.2×1011 m3) of heavy crude in proven and unproven deposits.[12] Of this, the United States Geological Survey estimated that 380–652 billion barrels (1.037×1011 m3) could be technically recoverable, which would make Venezuela's total recoverable reserves (proven and unproven) among the largest in the world.[13][14] The technology needed to recover ultra-heavy crude oil, such as in most of the Orinoco Belt, may be much more complex and expensive than that of Saudi Arabia's light oil industry.[2] The USGS did not make any attempt to determine how much oil in the Orinoco Belt is economically recoverable.[11] Unless the price of crude rises, it is likely that the proven reserves will have to be adjusted downward.[15]
History of Venezuela's claimed reserves (red) in comparison to those of Saudi Arabia (blue)
Ted Cruz is riding high right now. Over the weekend, they gave a rousing anti-establishment speech at the activist-oriented Republican Leadership Conference in New Orleans, and won the event's straw poll. They also appeared on ABC's This Week to give a cathartic Hillary Clinton smack-down: "The sad thing with Secretary Clinton, is it seems to be all politics, all the time." Most significantly, the Texas GOP primaries gave the Tea Party and Cruz an important series of victories at a time when the insurgent movement's electoral future seems otherwise uncertain – even and especially in this week's Super Tuesday primaries in Mississippi and elsewhere.
The person who should be the happiest about Ted Cruz's visibility and apparent success? Rand Paul.
The more Cruz links themselves to the Tea Party and basks in national attention, the more reasonable and mature Paul looks – and the less they have to tone down their own extreme positions. Cruz and Paul are the only two possible 2016 candidates with the infrastructure and fundraising abilities that could plausibly challenge what used to be Chris Christie's advantage, which is looking weaker by the day.
Don't be distracted by straw polls. Crowd size says more about notoriety and entertainment value than political support (n.b. Palin, S; Bachmann, M). The key indicator for the Cruz-Paul matchup, at this ultra-early stage, is found in state head-to-head polls against Clinton: in the most recent polls from Iowa and North Carolina, Paul is the GOP nominee who comes the closest to besting Clinton – beating not just Cruz but Christie and Jeb Bush, too. In New Hampshire and Colorado, he's the only Republican that can beat them
Cruz's heightened national profile has come with steady negative favorability ratings – in fact, he's never had a net positive favorability rating nationwide. Even more perilously, the feedback loop of Tea Party adoration always pushes Cruz's rhetoric into ever-more-fanciful flights of extremism. In March, they accused pro-choice advocates of being Satanists; last month, they cribbed Jack Nicholson's firey "A Few Good Men" retort in the context of a Benghazi debate, saying Democrats "can't handle the truth." It's a great line – it's also the point in the movie at which it becomes clear that Nicholson's character has confused patriotism with a blank check to commit atrocities.
Cruz's considerable ego flourishes in the spotlight, while Paul has a cagier – and more wonkily sedate – approach to grandstanding. Search the internet for wacky Rand Paul quotes. They put their most right-wing proposals in deceptively simple language: framing the elimination of Social Security, for instance, as "I think the average American is smart enough to make their own investments." Their other gaffes are in support of libertarian ideas that sound weird only in the context of being a Republican in 2014: "I think torture is always wrong," for instance, or saying they would have voted against invading Iraq.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Paul's libertarianism is unapologetic; where he's strayed from GOP orthodoxy, it's largely in the direction that the American public is going – and not just their call for NSA oversight. Photograph: Mike Theiler / Reuters
It's not that Paul doesn't like the spotlight, or that gaffe-proofing yourself is the only strategy 889 days before Election Day. But two showy Senate filibusters last year neatly illustrate the divide: Paul's was, in fact, a filibuster; Cruz's speech was just that – a long speech, with their fundamental aimlessness betrayed by wildly off-topic soliloquies on everything from White Castle to Ashton Kutcher.
The Cruz bubble is built on a charismatic, if sometimes eccentric, appeal to the most conservative of the conservative base; Rand's popularity – and they came in third in that RLC straw poll – has its roots in a few strong policy positions and the ability to not come off like an asshat in public. He's also created a new kind of base: outside both ideological orthodoxy and the entrenched establishment.
The irony of Paul benefitting from being the lesser of two crazies is that, in some ways, Paul is actually the more radical of the two, the candidate most likely to pull the GOP from its moorings. Cruz rails against the party "graybeards", but they are actually a kind of stealth establishment candidate: their radical rhetoric and lack of discipline may upset the party "graybeards", but their positions are logical extensions of the traditional GOP platform.
Paul, on the other hand, is staking out new ground. Their positions don't completely align with establishment GOP – nor do they fit the agenda (such as it is) of the Tea Party.  They are a Venn diagram of one.
Paul's libertarianism is unapologetic; where he's strayed from GOP orthodoxy, it's largely in the direction that the American public is going – and not just their call for National Security Administration oversight (supported by 59% of Americans). On marriage equality (also supported by 59% of Americans), Paul told their party that they need to "agree to disagree". In contrast, Cruz has introduced a bill that would invalidate the federal benefits of same-sex marriages if the couple moves to a marriage-restricted state – and they asked listeners to "pray" that marriage equality rulings be reversed.
But it's not just about bending with the popular will. Paul has staked out positions outside the GOP orthodoxy that are also on the periphery of the average voter's radar. They at least admits that the Republican mania for voter ID laws is counter-productive: "Republicans need to be aware that there is a group of voters that I'm trying to court and that we should be trying to court who do see it as something directed towards them." Both Paul and Cruz advocate drug sentencing reform, but Paul backs up that gesture with the belief that felons' voting rights should be reinstated.
Look, Rand Paul is no moderate. He's pro-life and another Benghazi alarmist. They want to privatize Social Security. He's aligned with the National Rifle Association on gun rights. But he's not really much of a Republican – and that's a good thing, if the GOP wants to survive.
Paul happens to be headed to Texas this week himself; he'll speak at the Texas State Republican convention. People forget that Paul's Texas roots are just as deep as Cruz's: their father's 37-year House career means that Paul was born and raised there. This is no small thing in a state that takes its identity very seriously. (That Texas has accepted and elevated a Cruz, a native Canadian, is perhaps the strongest proof of Cruz's political genius).
But 2016 prognosticators shouldn't pay much attention to how Paul is received – they should keep an eye on the waves they don't make. They could surf those calm waters far.
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The White House is now trying to put distance between itself and Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore after the political world was rocked by a bombshell report claiming Moore molested a 14-year-old girl when they were 32 years old.
In a CNN interview, White House legislative director Marc Short said that “if true,” then the allegations are disqualifying and the president would pull their support of Moore.
“They're very serious allegations,” Short said. “And if true, then, yes, there's no path forward.”
It's unclear what the White House and Republicans mean when they say “if true,” as if these women are fabricating their on-the-record stories, but it is rather amusing to see Trump take any type of stand against a candidate facing sexual assault allegations.
Keep in mind, this is the man we're talking about:
Throughout the campaign, Trump was accused of sexual harassment by at least 16 (!!!) women, all of whom they promised to sue if they won the election. Of course, they never did take any legal action against them after taking office.
Ultimately, today's shocking revelation about Moore making sexual advances on a 14-year-old girl is bad news for Trump for two reasons.
First, after devastating losses for Republicans at the ballot box on Tuesday, it gives Democrats yet another chance to make gains in a place where the GOP candidate should have no trouble winning. That will give progressives even more momentum heading into next year's elections and put more pressure on Republican lawmakers to back away from Trump and their unpopular agenda.
The second reason it's a bummer for Trump is that any time a high-profile figure – particularly a politician – is exposed as a sexual predator, it reminds the American people that the man in the White House faces a slew of similar allegations about their own misconduct toward women.
Donald Trump can distance themselves from Roy Moore's past abuse of women all they want, but he'll never be able to escape their own.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
For that matter, UPS or FedEx taking a package the last mile can create hassles of its own. I live in an apartment building and work from home. Only our actual mail carrier has a key to the outer door of my building, and I cannot tell you how many times I have gone running downstairs in response to desperate pounding from UPS or FedEx trying to deliver something for the online shopping addict in apartment one. If I didn't work from home, she'd face what they did one day when I was out—a slip from UPS saying they'd be back between the following hours, and be there if they wanted them package. The stress over how to get a package being delivered during working hours by a private carrier who can't get into your building is a not uncommon fact of apartment life. Which is to say, it's not that packages aren't being carried. They are. Surely there's an advantage to exploit here somewhere.
But Congress and top postal management aren't looking for advantages or for growth. They're looking to cut, supposedly in the name of equipping the postal service for the long haul. However, an analysis (PDF) by the financial advisory firm Lazard, conducted for the National Association of Letter Carriers, notes that:
...one of the Postal Service's own witnesses at a Postal Regulatory Commission hearing on its network optimization plan recently acknowledged the existence of a study that found that the combined effects of all service cuts under consideration would reduce mail volume by over 10% – an amount which would offset most of the proposed savings from these initiatives.
That means the proposed cuts—no Saturday delivery, longer first-class delivery times, closed processing centers and post offices, and more—would set off a death spiral, with cuts leading to loss of business leading to further cuts. This wouldn't just affect the postal service, slowing mail delivery and forcing many people in rural areas to drive long distances to get their mail, it would affect the entire economy. We're talking here about tens of thousands of layoffs that would disproportionately affect African-Americans and veterans . And cutting that many jobs, especially in concentrated clumps with closing of processing centers, would hit local economies hard.
But that, with the exception of Bernie Sanders and a few other officials fighting to protect the postal service, is where the establishment political discussion is happening. As the Senate debates S. 1789, a bill that would simply put the postal service on a slightly delayed death spiral rather than an immediate one, a number of individual senators have potentially useful proposals, seeking to protect rural mail delivery, the ability to vote by mail in states that rely on that, prescription delivery for senior citizens who may not easily be able to get to the pharmacy, capping postal executive pay—postal executives are paid more like corporate executives, in many cases far more than cabinet secretaries make—and allowing postage prices to be raised beyond the rate of inflation (our first-class postage is cheaper than in most other countries).
There are also proposals for ways the postal service could expand its services. It could potentially return to a postal savings service for the many people who don't use banks. Sen. Mary Landrieu has suggested the post office could become a place to go for notary publics, copying and handling hunting and fishing license sales. I would love to see fax services at my local post office—the day before tax day, I needed to fax my electronic filing permission. There's a post office less than a five minute walk from my house, but it doesn't offer fax services. I had to go to a private packing and shipping store, where I paid $2 a page. Why can't the post office add fax services and let me pay $2 a page there? In fact, the postal service has tried to expand its services in much larger ways than these, only to be stopped by Republicans not wanting it to compete with private business. This happened with online bill paying, money transfers, phone cards, postal meter cartridges, and more.
So when the postal service tries to expand its services as a private business could do, it's stopped by Congress. But operating in the restricted ways it's allowed, it's assailed for being an unresponsive money-losing dinosaur. Clearly a number of senators have grave concerns about S. 1789 and are trying to blunt its harm with amendments. But this is a slate that needs to be wiped clean. We need a postal bill that rejects the language of crisis and does not seek to manufacture further crisis. As Lazard notes, "A business plan based on degrading your greatest strength is not likely to be a path to success." The postal service needs a business plan that expands on its strengths and takes it into new areas of service.
We've got an underrated weekend of sports ahead so I know the beers will be flowing while we watch the Final Four (Go Cocks, but only because Gonzo likes them), NASCAR is racing in Martinsville, and last but not the least WrestleMania 33 . But what will we be eating with all of these beers???
I'm not one to assume but I'm pretty sure that if you're reading a beer blog you probably love yourself some cheese as well. Am I right? I'm usually pretty spot on with my cheese profiling. Here's a fairly simple Beer & Cheese recipe for you guys. I chose the word “Versatile” to describe it because it can be used as a dip (soft pretzels, cheese fries, maybe even a pumpernickle bowl), in mac & cheese, or in any other way you can intake cheese.
INGREDIENTS:
1 8oz Pack of Cream Cheese
1 8oz Bag of Cheddar Cheese
1 8oz Bag of A Cheese of your choice (I like to use pepper jack cheese but if you're into Mozzarella or Provolone go for that instead)
1 Beer (go with something lighter that doesn't have a lot of added fruits or flavors in it. I typically use Yuengling)
Salt, White Pepper and Garlic Powder to your taste
Start out in a medium saucepan on medium/high heat. Melt down the cheam cheese until pliable and then add the entire beer. Once that mix is brought to almost a boil you can add your other cheeses and seasonings. Turn the heat to low to melt those cheeses and you'll be ready to eat! Simple as that, folks!
Episode 67: An Evening with Ray Comfort
It's time for another movie review show! In this episode of Life, the Universe & Everything Else, Greg Christensen, Richelle McCullough, and Robert Shindler discuss Ray Comfort's most recent YouTube “documentaries”: Evolution vs. God and 180.
Life, the Universe & Everything Else is a program promoting secular humanism and scientific skepticism presented by the Winnipeg Skeptics and the Humanists, Atheists & Agnostics of Manitoba.
Links: Evolution vs. God | Ray Comfort | The Atheist's Worst Nightmare (The “Banana Fallacy”) | Crocoduck | PZ Myers on Ray Comfort (I Met Ray Comfort Tonight, Ray Comfort Confesses, Ray Comfort Sinks to New Depths of Pathos) | Jaclyn Glenn's Rebuttal of Atheism vs. God | Rick Mercer's Talking to American's Special (Part 1, Part 2, Part 3) | Bilateria (Animals with Bilateral Symmetry) | “Your Argument Is Invalid” | Biblical Contradictions | “180” | Godwin's Law
Contact Us: Facebook | Twitter | Email
Listen: Direct Link | iTunes | RSS Feed
This has been updated from the original:
A minister who would later become internationally known did not attempt to hide that they were having sex with a 13-year-old girl while their mother was nearby, according to witnesses at the minister's trial on Wednesday.
Geronimo Aguilar, 45, is accused of sexually assaulting the girl and their sister in the mid-1990s when they all lived in Fort Worth and Grapevine.
Aguilar left Texas in 2003 for Richmond, Va., where they founded a church and was pastor until they were fired in 2014.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
The girls' mother is in the Tarrant County jail awaiting trial on a charge of sexual assault of a child under 17. The Star-Telegram is not naming the mother because the newspaper typically does not identify sexual assault victims, and to print their name could identify them daughters.
Testifying under the pseudonym April Moore, the older daughter, now 32, testified Tuesday at Aguilar's trial. They said their mother, 56, is blind, has lupus and has long been a drug addict.
They testified that Aguilar repeatedly sexually assaulted her, most often in 1996 and 1997 when Aguilar and their wife shared residences with the sisters and their parents. Moore said Aguilar apologized to them and cried after they had sex with their younger sister.
“He said it was just once,” Moore said.
On Wednesday, Moore's sister, testifying under the pseudonym Lake Valley, told the jury that Aguilar played strip poker with the girls.
“We all went to a house in Arlington and had a sleepover with Geronimo,” Valley said. “Our parents knew we were going. April, me and Geronimo played strip poker. I remember being down to my underwear and covering myself with a sheet. I was 11 or 12. I really just wanted to have fun and fit in. I didn't tell anyone about it.”
While in Fort Worth, Aguilar was affiliated with New Beginnings Church and led a Christian rap group called In for Life, which included young rappers and dancers. In for Life performed concerts at Christian-themed events in the area, according to the testimony of Jason Peña, who joined the group as a teen.
Peña, 35, testified that once when they were 17, they accompanied Aguilar to Moore's house and spoke to their younger sister while Aguilar and Moore disappeared into another room. Peña said they got bored talking to Moore's sister and knocked on the door of the room. They said they didn't wait for an answer but opened the door.
“I saw Geronimo, they were zipping up their pants, and Moore, they were covering herself,” Peña said. “There was a pungent smell, like sex, and they looked embarrassed. The look had to be a little bit between surprise and shame.”
Another witness Wednesday was once a teenage boyfriend of Moore. Now living in San Antonio with a wife and three children, Carl Everett White testified that they did not like Aguilar.
“I tried to provoke a fight with them anytime I saw him,” White said. “I called them a cheater, the molester, a child predator, but they never responded. They just put their head down and walked in the house.”
White said that once when they walked into the residence in the 900 block of Sargent Street, Moore's mother tried to stop him.
“I went in the house, and their mother was telling me that I needed to go, and Mr. Aguilar was walking out of April's room adjusting their pants, and I say, ‘What the hell is going on here,'” White said. “They got me out of the house.”
In 2014, Aguilar was indicted by a Tarrant County grand jury on two counts of aggravated sexual assault of a child. The maximum sentence on the charge is life in prison. The indictment also includes three counts of sexual assault of a child under 17 and three counts of indecency with a child, all second-degree felonies and each with a maximum sentence of 20 years.
The trial is scheduled to continue Thursday in state District Judge Louis Sturns' court. Prosecutors Eric Nickols and Sheila Wynn are presenting the state's case. Aguilar is being defended by attorneys Thomas Pavlinic and Heather Barbieri.
One Time Ruined a Life
MDMA (Ecstasy)
Citation: Dipset. "One Time Ruined a Life: An Experience with MDMA (Ecstasy) (exp66697)". Erowid.org . May 14, 2008. erowid.org/exp/66697
DOSE:
T+ 0:00 1 tablet oral MDMA (pill / tablet) T+ 1:00 1 tablet oral MDMA (pill / tablet)
BODY WEIGHT: 225 lb
Way back when, we used to dress up like pirates and draw fake mustaches on our faces with our mother's eyeliner and search for. Well, if you did too, listen up: There'ssomewhere in New York City right now. The creators of We Lost Our Gold have hidden an actual wooden chest somewhere within the five boroughs of NYC. Crazy, right? If you want a stab at 10Gsm all you have to do is participate in this. Starting August 1st, the creators of this pirate-y parade will release a series of videos in which some pirates leak clues to the location of the moolah. What are you waiting for? Dig up your captain's hat and eye patch and be the first to find gold. Just FYI, you'll have to beat us to it.
A new study by “psychographic ad targeter” Mindset Media has divided various popular television shows into the sort of people they attract—and therefore, which sorts of marketers would best be served by buying ad space on them. Surprise: Liberals like Mad Men, people who watch Glee tend to be very sensitive, The Real Housewives Of Orange County viewers are assholes, and fans of The Office are smug (though obviously not as smug as people who constantly remind everyone that they prefer the British version). Here's how some of the most popular shows break down according to personality type, and what your enjoyment of them supposedly means about you and what sort of stuff you'd probably buy:
Mad Men: Liberals are more likely to watch the show than conservatives by a whopping 124 percent, even though you'd think conservatives would be all about a show where moneyed people in sharp suits commit adultery with abandon. Also, “creative” people are more likely to watch it by 41 percent. Therefore, the target viewing demographic for Mad Men breaks down to “intellectually curious types who tend to more often be dreamers rather than realists” and who also “disdain moral authorities.” As such, they like Apple computers and Audi cars. Don't even try to sell them Campbell's soup. Get out of here, Campbell's soup, with your realist meat-and-potatoes and your patronizing platitudes that carry an unspoken moral authority!
Family Guy: Self-identified “rebels and rule-breakers” are 61 percent more likely to watch the show—meaning anyone who doesn't like authority and “won't hesitate to make their feeling known with anger or sarcasm”—as well as “risk-takers,” who are kind of the same but “have more bravado” beyond just making sarcastic remarks. These people like DiGiornio and Totinos frozen pizza, because they rebel against the bland hegemony of delivery pizza. They also don't like Dannon Light And Fit yogurt, which should maybe consider renaming itself Dannon Shit Out Your Insides And Get Cut! yogurt.
Advertisement
Glee: Not surprisingly, the show appeals to people who “are in touch with their own feelings and may even feel happiness or sadness more intensely than others.” For some reason, they like Evian water, perhaps because frequent weeping is dehydrating. They're also “so-called experientalists,” which means they “go out in search of unique and varied experiences,” even if said experiences are essentially note-for-note recreations of already-established, originally groundbreaking experiences. They like the Volkswagen Jetta.
Dancing With The Stars: “Traditionalists” are 21 percent more likely to watch, as they are “solid citizens” who prefer the “stability and the tried and true”—which is a nice way of saying they are essentially old and boring people who want to watch a show that's been around in some form or another since the advent of television—as are the “compliant” or “get-alongs.” These people like Kraft cheese and Fiber One. (Seriously, can we not just say, “Old people watch Dancing With The Stars”?)
The Biggest Loser: In addition to those same traditionalists, pragmatic realists “who work with what they have been given” are 20 percent more likely to watch. They like Bud Light, minivans, and Velveeta. These people are the backbone of America.
Advertisement
Real Housewives Of Orange County: “Pugnacious” people who are “unafraid to tell others what they think and value honesty over keeping the peace” are 33 percent more likely to watch, which suggests much of the Housewives' viewing audience is made up of people who genuinely want to be them. They like Botox and Crest Whitestrips; they dislike affordable sedans as much as they dislike keeping things to themselves.
The Office: In addition to experientialists—who are 44 percent more likely to watch this show, compared to the 24 percent for Glee—“folks who consider themselves superior to others are 47 percent more likely to watch this show. These alpha dogs believe they are extraordinary and happily brag about their accomplishments.” They also like Starbucks and BMWs, and enjoy sneering derisively about the accuracy and relevancy of marketing studies on the Internet.
President Trump makes a statement after the health care reform bill they supported was pulled ahead of a vote in the House. They said that speaking politically, things couldn't be better for him.
Trump thanksed Paul Ryan for their hard work and noted that Democratic Leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer were the "losers" of the whole affair.
"I've been saying for a year and a half that the best thing we could do --politically speaking-- is to let Obamacare explode, it is exploding right now, many states have big problems. Almost all states have big problems," the president said.
"So Obamacare is exploding, with no Democrat support we couldn't quite get there, we were just a few votes short, in terms of getting our bill passed. A lot of people don't realize how good our bill was because they were viewing Phase One. Phase Two, which was mostly the signings of Sec. Price... and you add Phase Three, which I think we would have gotten, it became a great bill... but that is okay."
"I think what will happen is Obamacare, will, unfortunately, explode. It is going to have a bad year. Last year you had over 100% increases in various places... Many places 50-60-70%... This year should be much worse for Obamacare," they added.
"What would be good, is if the Democrats, when it explodes, got together and worked with us and got a real health care bill. I would be totally open to it and I think it is going to happen. I think the losers are Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, because now they own Obamacare, 100% own it. It is not a Republican healthcare, it is not anything but a Democrat healthcare, and they have Obamacare for a little while longer," they said. "This is not our bill, this is their bill."
"I want to thank Paul Ryan," the president said. "He worked very, very hard. Tom Price and Mike Pence... everybody worked hard. I worked as a team player, and would love to have seen it pass."
"We learned a lot about loyalty, we learned about the bill process, we learned a lot of arcane rules in obviously both the Senate and the House, so for me it has been a very interesting experience."
Over 10M users worldwide have enjoyed #Miitomo! Are you among them? pic.twitter.com/RX16wrTN9Q — Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) April 27, 2016
That's an impressive number for an app that's been available for less than two months. During that time, Nintendo says over 20 million "Miifotos" have been saved. A Miifoto is a small, sharable images of user's in-game avatar, designed to be shared on social networks like Twitter and Facebook.
It could be argued -- and my colleague Nicole has -- that Nintendo's app is a social network in and of itself. Although it differs in many ways, Miitomo employs the same hook of Twitter and Facebook likes by rewarding you with coins for answering questions or sharing photos. And in that way, it's certainly doing better at carving out a slice of the market than other app-based networks like Path.
For its next two mobile apps, Nintendo will be sticking more closely to its roots. A version of Fire Emblem will come to smartphones that'll be "more accessible in comparison to the Fire Emblem games for Nintendo's dedicated gaming systems." It strongly hints that another app, this time based on the popular Animal Crossing franchise, will link with existing titles in the series for dedicated systems like the 3DS and Wii U. "By playing both Animal Crossing games, users will find increased enjoyment," the company says. Compared to Miitomo, both of these are "pure game applications" and have "more prominent game elements." If it can match half of Miitomo's figures with Fire Emblem and Animal Crossing, Nintendo will definitely be on the path to mobile success.
Pain Patients Fear the Future Amid Opioid Crisis
As overdoses surge, doctors are cutting back on prescribing opiate painkillers—at the cost of those who actually need them.
More restrictions.
As a young woman, Cindy Laux developed a toxic relationship with alcohol. It was after their very first sip, they recalled, that they fell under its spell. Laux described the moment as though it was love at first sight.
Such a powerful response led Laux to sober up at just 22 years old. They went the traditional route: attended 12-step meetings and sponsored other women along the way. They became a fixture in their Southern California recovery community—a person upon whom fellow recovering friends could rely.
While working as a nurse in the intensive care unit, Laux broke the fall of a heavy patient, and injured themselves in the process. After nearly a decade sober, at 31 years old, Laux was prescribed opioid pain relievers for their injury.
“The first time I took opioids it didn't give me the same feeling as alcohol,” Laux said, during an interview with The Fix. “There was no euphoria, no float-y feeling—just some pain relief.”
Them response to alcohol was nothing like their response to opioids, they said, debunking a common myth for people in recovery that all drugs lead you down the agonizing road of addiction. Once an addict always an addict, a common phrase in the recovery community, turns out not to hold up for everyone.
But Laux's injuries didn't stop there, nor did their prescriptions to opioids.
After numerous back surgeries, Laux developed adhesive arachnoiditis, a rare condition typically brought on by too many medical procedures. The result is chronic, intractable pain. A searing hot sensation, like a gunshot wound, shoots up and down their body. They say at times it feels like their skin is on fire.
“I went from going to meetings and helping others to being bed bound,” said Laux. But opioids offered them some relief, and also a semblance of a real life, one in which they could be there for their family and friends while remaining active in their recovery community.
These things, they said, keep them going.
But their quality of life dramatically changed when Americans began to overdose from opioids in record numbers.
Overdose deaths from painkillers have quadrupled in just 12 years. From 1999 to 2014, over 165,000 people have died in the U.S. from opioid overdoses, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Such startling figures necessitated action by the federal government. The result of that action—namely, rolling back the number of painkiller prescriptions—has left patients like Laux in a precarious position, fearing for their future and ability to remain on opioids to treat pain.
“I was a star patient,” said Laux, describing their status in a California pain management clinic. “I had gone from using a walker to hiking every morning in the hills with my dog and friends.”
Being active in the world, something most of us take for granted every day, is critical for pain patients, Laux said.
But while overdoses surged month-by-month, Laux's doctor began to scale back their dose of opioids. “I asked them why every month for six straight months,” they said.
Finally, after months of asking, the doctor provided Laux with a straight answer. Laux said they told her, “Apparently, people are dying.”
Indeed people were (and still are) dying. Every 19 minutes a life is lost from an opioid overdose.
But patients like Laux and several others interviewed for this story insist they are not the ones contributing to the tidal wave of overdoses across the country. They cannot understand why they are the ones bearing the brunt of new policies aimed at reducing mortality rates by federal and state efforts to scale back opioid prescribing.
Last March, the U.S. Surgeon General wrote a historic letter addressed to all prescribers, urging they exert caution when prescribing opioids to their patients. Days later, Dr. Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), published a letter of their own addressing the plight of chronic pain patients on opioids.
“Although the exact numbers are not known,” Volkow wrote, “the majority of people with opioid use disorders are not pain patients and did not start that way.”
Indeed, the most recent surveys from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA) show over half of misused opioids are not prescribed by doctors. That same survey found that out of the 97.5 million people prescribed to painkillers during 2015, only 12.8 percent misused them.
Other studies have shown that addiction (not physical dependence) in chronic pain patients who take their medication as prescribed, is rare.
“The risk of addiction in a pain patient new to opioids with no history of substance abuse or psychiatric illness is tiny,” said Dr. Howard Fields, who holds doctorates in neuroscience and medicine from Stanford University, and is the founder of the University of California San Francisco Pain Management Center.
Furthermore, the number of chronic pain patients who die from an overdose while in treatment is also rare. The most recent study found that out of 39,449 patients on opioids for longer than three months, only 59 of them died from “opioid-related causes.”
That's .2 percent of patients who died in this study.
The vast majority of overdoses and addiction, then, are coming from medication that is diverted—not prescribed—from the medical system.
A Washington Post investigation sheds light on how so many pills wound up on the black market. Their reporting found that the Drug Enforcement Agency failed to go after distribution companies that were responsible for storing and shipping painkillers to pharmacies across the country. These companies were found responsible for letting hundreds of millions of pills wind up on the black market, addicting and killing thousands of Americans as a result.
Given pain patients like the ones interviewed for this story are not contributing to the swelling mortality rates, they're vexed over the CDC's new set of prescribing guidelines, which focus on opioids for treating chronic pain.
“I'm shocked at how arbitrary and biased the guidelines are,” said Zip Cyzk (not their real name), who has been on opioids for nearly two decades to treat Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (EDS), a rare connective tissue disorder.
I joints, ligaments and tendons, are all suspended with too much slack, and they constantly move out of position, causing pinched nerves and muscle spasms. Without opioids, Cyzk's pain is unbearable.
The CDC's guidelines also recommend doctors reduce their patients' dose of opioids to an equivalent of 100 milligrams of morphine. But Cyzk, and nearly every pain patient interviewed for this story, takes doses higher than that.
With the exception of cancer treatment and palliative care, the CDC recommends that patients should not be on opioids for pain lasting longer than three months. But Dr. Fields, from UCSF, said that the long-term use of opioids being ineffective for pain is not evidence based. As of now, there is no study on the effectiveness of opioids that goes beyond three months.
"Why doesn't the CDC put their money where their mouth is,” asked Fields, “and fund a study that shows whether long-term opioids beyond three months increases pain, maintains it or loses efficacy?”
Fields said it's only sensible to have the appropriate evidence before publishing guidelines that have resulted in many individuals complaining about increased pain.
But Dr. Andrew Kolodny, an addiction psychiatrist and executive director of Physicians for Responsible Opioid Prescribing (PROP), an advocacy group that gave the CDC feedback on the guidelines, says the majority of pain patients are not being helped by opioids.
Their advocacy efforts aim to reduce the number of prescriptions for opioid pain relievers, which is the fundamental tension between themselves and the pain patient community.
The Fix interviewed Kolodny about the concerns raised by chronic pain patients. Dr. Kolodny is the former chief medical officer at Phoenix House, a chain of non-profit addiction treatment centers, and is now the co-director of opioid policy research and a senior scientist at Brandeis University.
It is their opinion that these patients are not functioning well because opioids treat their pain, but rather because the opioids relieve them of withdrawal.
“Heroin users will use some of the exact same language pain patients use to explain how opioids help them,” they said. “They wake up and feel agonizing pain, and they take their opioid and their pain becomes bearable.”
Patients are deeply offended by this sentiment.
“He is lumping me in with someone who is doing heroin on the street,” said Britt Johnson, also known as Hurt Blogger. Johnson, 31, writes a blog about their experience with rheumatoid arthritis.
“I have a job, I'm married—I'm simply not in the same user category,” they said. To be sure, Johnson said, they sympathize with people who become addicted; they just aren't one of them.
But Kolodny believes millions of pain patients have been "prescribed into addiction." Asked which definition of addiction Kolodny is using to describe pain patients, they pointed to the criteria for moderate-to-severe opioid use disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). That means at least four symptoms of addiction must be present.
Laux, who is now 54 years old and intimate with both pain and addiction to alcohol, is frustrated when she's accused of being addicted to opioids.
“I've been sober for decades,” they said, “so to say I'm not really sober, that I'm addicted to opioids, is unfair.”
Kolodny maintains that pain patients are being manipulated by the opioid lobby to think that cautious prescribing efforts are punishing them for the bad behavior of so-called drug abusers.
Patients interviewed for this story insist their pain is real. They want people to know that chronic pain reduces their life expectancy, doubles the rate of suicidal ideation and quadruples the rate of depression and anxiety. Reports of pain patients committing suicide who have been cut off from their medication are becoming more and more frequent. Patients want to be seen as medical patients who need care—not drug seekers.
To be sure, opioids do not help everyone with pain.
When Mark Beretta was 28 years old, they were in a horrendous car accident that compressed their cervical spine. He's now 60 years old and lives with chronic, intractable pain.
“Back in 2006, this doctor had me on OxyContin and my tolerance kept catching up with me,” said Beretta. They said their doctor tried to increase their dose to 300 milligrams of OxyContin three times a day. But when Beretta refused to go that high, their doctor put them on methadone.
While methadone took away Beretta's pain, they called it an “awful” medication and said they almost died trying to taper off of it. “It's nice being off that awful methadone but still my pain persists,” they said.
In an e-mail exchange with Kolodny, Beretta said that PROP's efforts helped him, and that high dose opiates for their pain proved disastrous. "I got caught up in the middle of it for 28 years and it almost killed me,” they said. “I had to learn to deal with the pain on a daily basis by keeping my hands busy at all times."
Beretta said nights still haunt him, that he's sleep deprived because pain wakes them up at 3 a.m.
The challenge for pain treatment moving forward is to understand: for what kind of patient are opioids appropriate? “There are two critical things we need to look at over the next two to three years,” said Fields. The first, they said, is whether overdoses go down as prescribing of opioids goes down. The second is, if we take people off their opioids does their pain actually get better?
So far, the former has yet to pan out. The number of prescriptions has been declining since their peak in 2012.
“But let's keep attacking the supply of drugs, because that's worked so well the last 50 years,” Fields said sarcastically.
Ever since Laux had their medication scaled back, she's not able to hike, to care for their family and attend their AA meetings.
“My activity level is about a quarter of what it was when I was on an effective dose,” they said.
Laux called their existence depressing. They said they spend six days out of seven in bed because their doctors are afraid to prescribe them the higher dosage they need.
“It's not just me who hurts when I'm in pain,” they said. “It destroys everyone that I love.”
Zachary Siegel is a master's candidate at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School of Journalism. They have been a regular contributor to The Fix since 2013. Follow them on Twitter.
Former Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Michael Mullen describes, in dramatic detail, the stresses put on soldiers and their families since 9/11.
The whole clip above is worth watching.
If you've got time for just one quote, here's my pick:
"If I'm a 5-year-old boy or girl in the family of one of these deploying units for the army whose average deployment was 12 months at a time, and my dad or mom - but mostly my dad - has deployed at this pace, I'm now fifteen or sixteen years old, and my dad has been gone three, four or five times. And my whole conscious life, from the time when I was five and I started to figure out that there was something out there, my whole conscious life has been at war. The United States has never, never experienced that before. And we see incredible stresses on families.
Now we are coming home. By no means are we home. We still have 90,000 troops in Afghaistan. And I believe we're going to see a couple decades of challenges associated with the stresses we've not been dealing with and the issues we've been packing away. Indicative of that is the incredible suicide rate we have on the active side, which is even despite all the efforts of leadership to contain it, is in the army this year higher now than it was a year ago. And another statistic that hasn't gotten much traction is that we've got 18 vets a day who are killing themselves in the United States."
What could be more basic and functionally unchanging as a sink? To demonstrate the danger in this assumption, here is a look at how sink designers are abandoning the generic, water-intensive styles of old in favor of new designs heavily influenced by the natural world, technological innovation and the desire to conserve water. Here are 16 designs that certainly create a splash (sorry, had to be done).
Gone are the days when sinks were ruled by right angles and flat surfaces. Today it's a more natural, water-weathered look that designers seek to evoke. The surface of the Kanera E 1 itself looks liquid, a scoop of modern material (ceramic) that holds water just like a seaside rock pool – and thankfully deep enough under the faucet to prevent any tidal surprises.
The Follo also goes for shallow-curve basins (perhaps in this case a little too shallow) and an aesthetic that looks like a cross between painted planking and upholstery. This design has only recently been unveiled by designer Will MacCormac so details are sketchy – will be interesting to see how it actually functions.
What happens when water erodes a softer, more porous material? Gore Design Co. have evidently been studying this intently, as their eye-catching concrete Erosion sinks demonstrate. As with the previous two sinks, there is an ecological message at work: “you do not need to use so much water”. The terraced sides of this bowl will fill up in no time.
Taking inspiration more directly from Nature (and thumbing its nose at the myth of the manifest Coriolis effect) is the Ammonite Sink, named after the extinct marine animals that have left such bewitching fossils for us along the shorelines of the world. It is again fashioned from concrete to a variety of widths, and will give you hours of fun chasing dropped bars of soap out of its depths.
Where the previous sinks took inspiration from the effect of falling water on stone, the Origin Sink is more interested in the river itself. Lift a stone and the source gushes out and winds its way down to the end of its journey, a plughole capped by another stone. Sidestepping queries about just how snug-fitting those stones will have to be, it's a relaxing change from the roaring torrent of most sink designs.
It's a magic trick within a sink. Where does the water go? Wave your hand underneath to demonstrate the lack of plughole – but don't let baffled onlookers too close, or they might see the water draining away horizontally into the wall. The “Horizontal Integrated Siphon” system is a neat and stylish way to hide the plumbing and put a sink into the narrowest of spaces. (And it's a great party trick).
Thinking along the same lines is designer Maja Ganszyniec with the Plugless Sink. Once you've finished with your bowl of collected water, tip it backwards into the spillway and you're ready to go again. It is designed to force to to dispose of the water yourself, and thus gain an appreciated of how much you're sending down the drain, along with a distinctive modern-yet-retro vibe.
(Images via: Gessi and Graff)
There's no mistaking these sinks as anything but modern. With the impressively severe-looking Rettanglo sinks, gravity does all the work as water is delivered vertically from the ceiling (at, we would hope, a sensible pressure). Bending this concept a little is the Graff Luna basin, a three foot long faucet like a sword or the rib of a ship, delivering water into a bowl. The only forseeable problem is explaining to guests what it really is before they experimentally try to tug it off the wall.
The cutting-edge modern sink isn't content to just deliver hot and cold running water. Take the Moody Aquarium Sink from Italbrass. It's all the rewarding work of a fully-functional fishtank, coupled with the decidely odd sensation of washing your hands in it. The soap dishes on either side of the watertight main basin conceal entrances into the tank, allowing feeding and maintenance, and the whole structure is mounted on an integrated chrome finish brass stand. What do the fish make of it all?
If space is at a premium in your house and you are keen to double up on your appliance functionality, the Ladybird and the Toilet Sink should catch your eye. The former has a detachable top that converts it into a cosy bathtub – certainly not one to stretch out in, but a gem of space-saving economy. The latter uses the clean water that rushes into your commode with every flush, diverting some of it through a faucet in the top and saving the need for a separately-plumbed tap. A thumbs-up for water economy, and perfectly hygienic.
Finally, some sinks that aim to prove that electronic technology has a place next to running water. The dazzling and ambitious Brandt Aion is a garden that washes your dishes. Open it up and use the cooking and draining surfaces, and when you are ready, shut it down and an automatic dish washing cycle will start (digitally indicated on the front of the unit), using vegetable soap that is created by the plants in the lid. Meanwhile, those same plants help scrub the air in your kitchen. Truly ahead of its time.
(Images via: WET and Gizmodo)
Washing your hands at the Meltdown sink is a treat for the senses. As the water runs, internal speakers play soothing music (perhaps something by Wet Wet Wet?) and the body lights up, projecting images onto the underneath of its recyclable Polyethylene surface. If you are so impressed by this light and sound display that you lose track of time, you may want to fit an iSave Faucet Counter – it monitors and displays the amount of water running away. As with all the sinks featured, it's there to make you rethink something as simple as washing your hands.
The Home Office's innovative crime mapping service, which originally showed incidents in groups of streets, now shows “points of interest” including many popular visitor attractions.
It lists 66,204 crimes reportedly committed at 37,666 locations in England and Wales during December 2011, from parks and theatres to airports and motorway service stations.
But many companies dispute the figures, claiming that they include crimes that took place elsewhere, while they may cause some cautious tourists to conclude that their planned day trip is too dangerous.
Deputy Chief Constable Neil Rhodes, lead on Crime Information for the Association of Chief Police Officers, said: “This information shouldn't stop people from enjoying a day out at any of our country's attractions. It should simply act as a reminder for the public to be aware of their surroundings and to keep their belongings close and safe at all times.”
A spokesperson for Visit Britain, the national tourism agency, said: “We don't see publication of these maps as being a deterrent for people travelling here. The UK has a very strong reputation internationally and continues to be one the safest places for people to visit anywhere in the world."
When the crime maps were first placed online at www.police.uk last year, as a way for residents to hold local forces to account, the website crashed as so many people tried to see if they lived in a blackspot.
But the figures also caused controversy as a number of crimes were plotted at a single point in a postcode in order to preserve anonymity. In some cases this led to leafy suburban roads being given as the location for violence, muggings and anti-social behaviour taking place in town centre nightclubs and shops.
However the updated version narrows down the offences to just a handful of addresses, as well as adding specific locations for public buildings.
Analysis of the data by The Daily Telegraph shows there were 1,725 crimes reported in 854 theatres and concert venues, mostly thefts and anti-social behaviour.
The O2 Arena in east London, where the Brit Awards were held earlier this week, recorded more than 70 crimes in a single month including thefts, violence and disorder.
A spokesperson for the O2 Arena said it was “disappointed” with the figure but pointed out that it had 802,000 visitors during the month.
"Given the incredibly large number of people visiting the venue, reported incidents are relatively rare occurrences with the majority involving petty theft, usually involving mobile phones, and minor offences,” a spokesperson said.
The online map also appears to show 39 crimes in the refined surroundings of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden, but a spokesperson insisted: “We only made two calls to the police to report thefts in December.”
It is thought that in some cases, people may have given the location of the venue simply because that was where they last saw a missing item, or because it was there that they realised it had gone. Nearby theatres may also have been lumped in with the opera house.
A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: “Crime can take place anywhere, but the location could be just where the person discovered they had lost an item.”
However 12,910 crimes were reported in the run-up to Christmas in shopping centres, many of which were shoplifting offences that would have been recorded in the exact place where goods were taken.
The Westfield shopping centre in west London, home to luxury brand stores such as Prada and Louis Vuitton, was the scene of 174 offences, 75 of them shoplifting, while 84 crimes were reported at Harrods.
A spokesperson for the upmarket department store said: “The figure is down to our stringent security measures that ensure we deal very effectively with criminal incidents in the store.”
In addition, 959 violent crimes and 353 incidents of public disorder and possession or use of weapons were reported on retail premises.
Because many theme parks and tourist attractions close for the winter, only 164 crimes were recorded in such locations during December.
But 20 crimes, many of them muggings, were reported around the London Eye while the Butlins holiday camp in Minehead that hosts an alternative music festival recorded the same number.
Sahrette Saayman, Head of Communications at the EDF Energy London Eye, said: “The London Eye can confirm that we have not reported any crimes during the month of December. Being an iconic recognisable structure, people often use the London Eye as a point of reference.”
More than 50 crimes, mostly thefts, were recorded on open ground in Walthamstow that is reportedly only home to a few ponies, while a similar number of offences took place around the Alexandra Palace park and ice rink in north London.
A Home Office spokesperson said: “The crime mapping website is continuing to evolve and revolutionise the way people access information about crime in their area. Since its inception last year our site has received more than 450 million hits and in January we responded to public demand for even more detailed information by starting to map crimes that occur on or near a range of additional sites, including shopping areas, parks and hospitals.
“This extra data gives the public even more information about the crime levels in their area and can be used to raise an issue at a local beat meeting, or with Police and Crime Commissioners when they are elected later this year. It helps the public take an active role in preventing crime and anti-social behaviour in their community.”
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said Sunday that legislation proposed by House Republicans to repeal and replace Obamacare is an “absolute disaster” that will shift wealth from America's working class to the richest people.
“It is a 275 billion dollar tax break for the top 2 percent,” Sanders told CBS' “Face the Nation.” “Millionaires will get about 50 thousand dollars a year in tax breaks while some 5 to 10 million are going to lose their health insurance. Premiums are going to soar.”
The Vermont senator noted that while Obamacare was not “perfect,” it did offer coverage to 20 million previously uninsured Americans. Sanders emphasized that in their view, Americans want improvements made to the Affordable Care Act, “not the decimation of Obamacare and throwing so many people off of health insurance and raising premiums substantially.”
Among their criticisms of the new healthcare bill, Sanders listed the defunding of Planned Parenthood as well as opposition expressed by the AARP, American Medical Association, and American Hospital Association. “The AARP says that if you are 64 years of age and you're making about 25 thousand a year,” Sanders said, “you're going to pay up to seven thousand dollars more for your health insurance.”
Sen. Sanders also raised concerns that the House Republicans' bill would travel directly to the Senate floor without hearings. “It is impossible for any serious legislator to defend a process by which a bill is coming to the Senate without one hearing before the vote takes place,” Sanders said. “And I think it's clear to everybody.”
“They want to move as quickly as they can,” Sanders said, in a reference to House Republicans. “They are embarrassed about the product.”
The Senator underlined that during America's debate over Obamacare, members of Congress held “hearing after hearing” in a vote for transparency. “They don't have the guts to hold hearings,” Sanders said of their GOP counterparts. “They don't want the American people to know what's going on.”
In a dig at President Donald Trump, Sanders impersonated the Republican's health care pitch while stumping on the trail. “Trump was the guy who said to the American people when they ran for president, ‘Oh, don't worry, we've got a terrific idea. We're going to provide health care to all people.'”
The current plan, Sanders insisted, is far from the president's campaign promise. “This is throwing 5 to 10 million people off of the health insurance they currently have,” they said.
At least three Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS) supporters' social media accounts are run from IP addresses linked to the British government's Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), a group of hackers has claimed.
The group of teenage computer experts, known as ‘VandaSec,' have unearthed details of internet protocol (IP) addresses used by three jihadists to access Twitter accounts used to carry out online recruitment.
The addresses were thought to be based in Saudi Arabia, but upon further inspection they linked back to the DWP's London offices, according to the Daily Mirror.
“Don't you think that's strange?” one of the hackers asked the Daily Mirror.
“We traced these accounts back to London, the home of the British intelligence services,” they added.
This revelation has sparked speculation that someone inside the government is running IS-supporting accounts, or they were created by intelligence services to trap wannabe terrorists.
The evidence caused the Cabinet Office to admit to selling IP addresses to two Saudi firms earlier this year. An expert has suggested this is why the IP's are linked to the government.
Following the sale, the IP addresses were used by extremists to spread their message of hate on social media.
The DWP denied owning the IP addresses.
“The government owns millions of unused IP addresses which we are selling to get a good return for hardworking taxpayers,” a Cabinet Office spokesperson said.
“We have sold a number of these addresses to telecoms companies, both in the UK and internationally, to allow their customers to connect to the internet.
“We think carefully about which companies we sell addresses to, but how their customers use this internet connection is beyond our control.”
However, the government failed to reveal how much money was made from selling the IP addresses.
Washington's Metropolitan Police Department clashed with anti-Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE protestors Thursday night outside of the National Press Club building.
A reporter for NBC4 said protesters also set off smoke devices, contributing to the atmosphere of chaos ahead of Friday's ceremonies.
Police spokesperson Hugh Carew said they could not confirm whether officers had used tear gas.
ADVERTISEMENT
A Hill reporter on the scene said people were dancing with music blaring amid the large police presence. The group was projecting images onto buildings, yelling "f--- Trump" and taking photos with a large inflatable elephant with "racist" written on it.
At one point, protesters set a small fire, according to social media reports.
The Metropolitan Police Department told The Hill on Friday that it only made one arrest related to the inaugural activities.
"The Metropolitan Police Department announced an arrest has been made in a Conspiracy to Commit an Assault offense that occurred in the 500 block of 14th Street, Northwest. After a thorough investigation, it was determined that several individuals made plans to disrupt inauguration activities in an unlawful way," the department said in a statement.
Rep. Elijah Cummings Elijah Eugene CummingsDems press Barr to make Mueller report public Trump bans abortion providers, referrals from family planning program Cohen to testify before Senate Intel on Tuesday MORE (D-Md.) said they didn't think President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE knew what a reporter meant when they said "CBC" in a press conference — referring to the Congressional Black Caucus.
“Well, first of all, I don't think they knew what the CBC was,” Cummings said on MSNBC on Thursday. “And then, I think, Chris, the young lady, Ms. [April] Ryan, cleared it up and made sure they knew who it was.”
Cummings also mocked the president's exchange with the American Urban Radio Networks correspondent, in which they asked Trump if they planned to include the CBC in discussions about their urban agenda.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting?” Trump asked Ryan. “Do you want to set up the meeting? Are they friends of yours? Set up a meeting.”
Cummings said that Trump's comment hinged on the assumption that “all black people know all black people.”
“I think, you know, a lot people assume that all black people know all black people,” Cummings said.
“And then the idea that the president would ask somebody in the press pool to set up a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus — he's the president of the United States of America, they can make that phone call himself.”
During the Thursday news conference, Trump accused Cummings, a member of the CBC, of canceling a scheduled meeting with them for political reasons. The Maryland representative responded to the president's claim, saying in a statement that they didn't know “why President Trump would make up a story about me like they did today.”
The CBC also pushed back against Trump's claim, tweeting that it had sent a letter to the president on Jan. 19 but never received a response.
Hi, @realDonaldTrump. We're the CBC. We sent you a letter on January 19, but you never wrote us back. Sad! Letter: https://t.co/58KiuHmITF — The CBC (@OfficialCBC) February 16, 2017
The White House contacted the CBC after the tweet on Thursday to schedule a meeting.
On May 11th experimental group Alameda 5 (led by Kuba Ziołek of Stara Rzeka, Innercity Ensemble and Kapital fame) will release its new, double album entitled Duch tornada (The Spirit of Tornado). Culture.pl presents streaming preceding its premiere
This time we can expect 13 new compositions that bring a strong stylistic shift from Późne królestwo - a debut album recorded two years ago as a trio. The differences between Alameda 3 and 5 don't necessarily come down to the name and the number of musicians. 'Alameda 5 is a whole different organism, to be honest' - explains Ziołek. 'Jacek drums differently than Tomek. Późne królestwo is based around guitars and Duch tornada operates on strong rhythms. As a quintet we tend to play for fun, improvise, mess around with rhythms and moods whereas the trio is a more rigid form, disciplined and rocking.
Duch tornada consists of 13 songs that clock around 80 minutes. 'We decided to divide this music into two parts, having in mind the fact that some listeners might not be able to bear this amount of our music. We don't want to make our audience weary, we want them to feel good.' - adds Ziołek.
The album was mainly inspired by sci-fi movies and books. 'When we began recording it dawned on me that we're in the middle of creating an amazing soundtrack to a good sci-fi movie - says Ziołek. 'Science-fiction in one way or another laid the foundations of many tracks - in Kora Ela quotes Ballard, Farmakopea is Stanisław Lem's Futurological Congress, Ono Sendai - Gibson's Neuromancer... This album is a tribute to my childhood and movies like Blade Runner, 2001: A Space Odyssey or even Ghost in the Shell. That was also the time when I first experienced music of Kraftwerk and Vangelis. What's more - the spirit of tornado is also a revolutionary spirit. There's no place for nostalgia, we're set for battle.
The line-up of new Alameda consists of: Kuba Ziołek (guitar, vocals) Mikołaj Zieliński (bass guitar), Łukasz Jędrzejczak (keyboards and electronics) Jacek Buhl (drums) and Rafał Iwański (percussion). What were the reasons for a new name for the band? "Tomek Popowski (drums) moved to Warsaw where they had to begin their life from scratch. Some time later Mikołaj Zieliński (bass) moved to Gdańsk and for a moment I thought that this trio will die of natural causes but I guess I wasn't ready to lay Alameda to the grave' - explains Ziołek. 'Fortunately I managed to talk Jacek Buhl into playing together and Mikołaj agreed to visit my hometown Bydgoszcz to rehearse. Then, together with Łukasz Jędrzejczak we started composing new songs and a couple of days later, when preparing for a concert at Kraków's Unsound Festival, we saw Rafał Iwański mess around our tracks with their instruments. This Unsound gig was our first appearance as a quintet.
The trio trio is still alive and kicking. As we speak we're in the middle of rehearsing new songs. It may however be that we'll morph into a quartet as we're in talks with one handsome guitarist from Warsaw - says Ziołek.
Duch Tornada was recorded by Artur Maćkowiak (as a part of Obserwatorium dźwięku project in MCK Bydgoszcz), mixed by Ziołek and mastered by Marcin Bociński. The artwork was made by Bartosz Zaskórski.
ESPN's 2016 Summer Forecast predicts that the New York Knicks will miss the playoffs. Here's why that prediction will be proven wrong.
The New York Knicks are as divisive a team as any in professional sports. Whether New York has built a contender or a non-factor, everyone seems to have an opinion about the quality and potential of the roster.
As the Knicks come off of what many have called a successful offseason, the resistance has been just as strong as the support.
With Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis already in the fold, team president Phil Jackson found free agents with immediate value. Derrick Rose, Courtney Lee, and Brandon Jennings addressed the voids in the backcourt, and Joakim Noah is expected to start at the 5.
Though New York appears to have made progress, ESPN's 2016 Summer Forecast has the Knicks on the outside looking in of the NBA Playoffs.
The Knicks were the most improved team last season in terms of win-loss record, and now they've added former MVP Derrick Rose and Joakim Noah to the fold. If healthy, our projections could short the Knicks. However, our panel knows that Rose has missed 244 games the past five seasons and Noah has missed 68 games the past two seasons.
With all due respect, the 40-win projection is quite low.
In fairness, the writers at ESPN are rational to question whether or not the Knicks can remain healthy in 2016-17. Jennings, Noah, and Rose all have their share of injury concerns, and overlooking that would be asinine.
Though the skepticism is understandable, here are five reasons why those around the NBA should have more faith in the Knicks.
Undercover police officer Lynn Watson seen helping to set up 'clown checkpoint' in Leeds as uniformed officers looked on
Footage has emerged showing an undercover police officer tasked with monitoring so-called "domestic extremists" running around Leeds city centre dressed as a clown.
The video of Lynn Watson, who lived as an environmental activist in Leeds for five years, shows them wiggling their bottom outside an MP's office, playing cricket with a feather duster and chanting "tickle the tree".
The images from the good-natured anti-war protest are likely to further undermine claims by police chiefs that their multimillion-pound operation to deploy spies against activists has been proportionate.
The operation has been carried out by a secretive unit belonging to the Association of Chief Police Officers. Today the acting commissioner of the Metropolitan police, Tim Godwin, said their force would take over the spy agency - the National Public Order Intelligence Unit - on Monday. It will come under the Met's counter-terrorism command.
There are now three formal inquiries into undercover policing prompted by revelations in the Guardian about Mark Kennedy, an officer who lived among protesters for seven years.
The Guardian has since identified three more undercover police officers, including Watson, who friends say played a crucial role in organising the first Climate Camp protest in 2005 while living in Leeds.
Senior police officers accept that most environmental campaigners are lawful protesters who cause minimal, if any, disruption. However, they argue that a minority pose a serious threat to the national infrastructure and deserve long-term surveillance.
The footage of Watson, which has been purchased by Channel 4 News and is expected to be broadcast tonight, shows a demonstration in Leeds on 3 July 2004 against the war in Iraq.
Watson, a member of the theatrical collective known as the Clandestine Insurgent Rebel Clown Army, can be seen taking part in a game of "let's play tangle", in which clowns join hands and wrap their arms around each other in a circle.
 They are then seen helping to set up what activists refer to as a "clown checkpoint" in the middle of the road. The protest appeared to attract only a small presence of uniformed police officers, some of whom can be seen apparently smirking at the antics.
Confronting the camera, Watson says: "We are checking for clowns, we need more clowns in this country - more clowns."
Another shot shows an activist strumming a guitar while Watson is sat in a tree. They then appears to stroke the tree, adding: "Tickle the tree, tickle the tree."
The person who shot the footage said the activists had targeted a military recruitment office in the centre of Leeds, but were moved on by police. Earlier in the day, they had marched into the MP Hilary Benn's office. The footage shows Watson and the activists bending over in a line to shake their bottoms at the building in unison.
A voice – believed to be a staff member in the constituency office – can be heard saying: "They're friendly enough. There's nothing hostile or threatening about them."
Let's turn back the clock to 2004. Kyle Larson was adjusting to middle school, simply make it through a daily class routine. People knew Bob Keselowski, Brad's father, as a former NASCAR driver and Truck Series owner but absolutely nothing about their son. Jimmie Johnson had yet to win a NASCAR Sprint Cup title, while Jeff Gordon was king of the NASCAR hierarchy. Meanwhile, Mark Martin and Viagra remained the most amusing sponsor pairing in sports.
That year, NASCAR also had a popular Daytona 500 winner in Dale Earnhardt Jr., who was driving for the team their father built, Dale Earnhardt, Inc. Winning six races that season, they came within a curse word at Talladega (and perhaps an ill-fated Atlanta incident) from winning the title they now crave. That first year of the Chase, perhaps its best, also was at the height of NASCAR's popularity, as the 30-year-old son of a legend popped up on MTV's Cribs and managed success with the mantra of carrying the sport's “next generation” of fans onward and upward.
That brings us to 2014, the modern day of NASCAR uncertainty where Earnhardt, once again, has put themselves on the pedestal of a multi-win season. Execs down in Daytona have again combined with fans, drivers and teams to mark Junior as the “savior” who can bring the sport back into mainstream popularity. Barring some sort of computer-geek bid by Josh Wise, Reddit and Dogecoin, Earnhardt will wind up the sport's Most Popular Driver for a 12th consecutive year.
But do they really have the power to turn around the sport's fortunes? Turning 40 this year, Earnhardt's Twitter feed still lags behind the numbers of Danica Patrick, who has half the on-track results but received a larger ovation during Sunday's driver introductions. The NASCAR needle has consistently moved downward despite their Daytona 500 win that was supposed to spark renewed interest in the sport. Junior remains one of the sport's most engaging interviews, a connection to a past longtime fans hunger for. But the 18-year-old new ones were in kindergarten when Dale Earnhardt Sr. died. They know little — aside from what can view on YouTube — of that No. 3 team, its driver's aggression and how that transformed a sport.
There's no question Earnhardt Sr.'s son, while enjoying a career renaissance and legitimate title bid, is good for the sport. But at this point for those placing unrealistic expectations, there is no excuse. Junior is successful, he's running up front and he's killing it in front of the media every week. The stats say NASCAR's most popular driver should be driving fans back into the seats the way Tiger Woods does for golf.
So if the word “savior” is real, if Earnhardt really has that type of power, the stands at Michigan and beyond better start selling out.
FIRST GEAR: What goes around comes?
It seems the key moment at Pocono was a “get even” deal for Earnahrdt after a failed fuel-mileage gamble at Las Vegas. That left them settling for second in that March race while Brad Keselowski sped past to take the victory. At Pocono, it was Keselwoski first, Earnhardt second — and in position to finish that way — until the leader made an uncharacteristic mistake.
The No. 2 car, dominant on the day with 95 of 160 laps led, wound up with a piece of debris on the grille. Concerned about the engine's soaring temperatures, Keselowski panicked, thinking that it would blow and went out of their way to slide behind the slower car of Danica Patrick in hopes the turbulent air would dislodge the piece of paper. But Patrick, damaged from an earlier wreck, was running too slow of a pace and what happened next cost Keselowski the race.
“I could tell they were trying to let me go on the inside and I don't think they knew the situation I was in,” Keselowski said. “I was trying to follow her, and I was trying to follow them towards the top side and they just kept going higher and higher and higher until it sucked me in higher and higher. I just couldn't get out of the wake and lost my momentum. It's one of those things that happens.”
Keselowski's loss was Earnhardt's gain, as the driver of the No. 88 car seized their opportunity and took the lead. From there, clean air took control as Earnhardt happily took a second 2014 victory despite knowing they did not have the best car.
“I think we had a little luck on our side at the end,” said crew chief Steve Letarte, “But you have to put yourself in this position to have that luck fall your way.”
Indeed. Earnhardt is running a level above what had been their norm at Hendrick and that's left them ready to cash in on these opportunities once they come.
SECOND GEAR: Stewart-Haas 2014 theme: How to beat yourself.
Prior to the race, Tony Stewart looked happier than he'd been all season, a tipoff to what should have been a breakout day for Stewart-Haas Racing. At one point, SHR cars ran 1-2-3, with Stewart leading a contingent that included Kevin Harvick and Kurt Busch.
Only Busch, though, would finish in the top 3. Stewart suffered a mid-race speeding penalty, blowing four sections entering pit road while Harvick had a tire go flat for a second straight week. Both lost the crucial track position needed to contend for the win and never recovered, running 13th and 14th, respectively.
Even Busch, who had a potential winning car, saw their chances slip away after overshooting their pit under yellow. While third was a big step forward for the No. 41 team — it was its first top 5 since winning Martinsville in early spring — you have to wonder what might have been for the group that could have used that second “lock” to the Chase.
Or maybe you don't. The 2014 season, for this recently-expanded outfit, is clearly marked by the slogan “Beat yourself.” All year, Harvick's had the fastest car to the point Earnhardt even labeled them the man to beat in a winning post-race presser. But the No. 4 car has stumbled badly with tire woes, pit stops and broken parts and sits 12th in points. Stewart, meanwhile, has made a few uncharacteristic mistakes on-track while struggling with feedback with new crew chief Chad Johnston. Busch has been … well, Busch, at times. And let's not even mention the struggles of the fourth SHR team and Danica Patrick.
It's four very different personalities, so “Type A” that most people thought the organization's weakness would be Jerry Springer-like dysfunction in its Tuesday debriefs. Who thought the biggest problem would be the drivers individually making a number of self-induced mistakes?
THIRD GEAR: Pocono's tricky triangle too tough?
Pocono's crowd was healthy Sunday, a far cry from Dover a week ago and a feather in the cap to track president Brandon Igdalsky's phenomenal marketing program. What makes the difference at Pocono, as opposed to other tracks, is the number of choices fans have for pre-race fun outside of the actual racing itself. The plan, according to those in the know, is to turn Pocono into more of an “entertainment facility” within five years: a central location for concerts, special events and other exciting options besides the main focus of racing.
That's good, because the recent repave has faded into a dull NASCAR product the last two years. Denny Hamlin, who ran fourth, called the racing “uneventful” and several drivers complained of a pure inability to pass. Aerodynamics, which had taken a back seat for 2014, have appeared to be very much in play since Kansas, with track speed records weekly leaving drivers on the edge to the point side-by-side racing is a risk not worth taking.
“That's part of really all racing,” said Keselowski, a “surrender” response that brought exactly no fans to the table. “Aerodynamics taking over motorsports — and we've all kind of learned to live around it and it makes the restarts so critical. But it's just kind of part of the deal.”
It's too bad, because Pocono has done so much to modernize itself and relate to fans in the northeast. But until NASCAR follows suit with a package that allows for more passing and (gasp!) attrition to return to the fold, each race at Pocono will follow the same old formula: great restarts, then run-in-place until fuel mileage or a pit stop mistake decides things.
Thinkin' Out Loud: Breaking down the Pocono 400
FOURTH GEAR: The curious case of Kasey Kahne.
Kasey Kahne had a bizarre media session at Pocono Friday, getting so defensive about their season that I wrote in my notes: “General theme: I'm fine. Really.” Kahne was so concerned about repeating how well he'd handled a difficult 2014 campaign that, at times, it felt as if they were busy convincing himself.
Not that anyone could blame the poor guy for being frustrated. This year has seen bad luck moment after bad luck moment for the No. 5 car, despite the fact Kahne and crew chief Kenny Francis still hit on setups that work. (See: Jimmie Johnson's Charlotte victory, a direct result of utilizing some Kahne/Francis notes). No doubt, he's well liked and still a talent loaded with potential. But with Chase Elliott waiting in the wings along with expiring sponsor contracts, there seems to be a greater sense of urgency getting this driver and team into the Chase. A recent Hendrick Motorsports test at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, in which all four team participated, seemed designed more to get Kahne in victory lane than help the organization as a whole.
But despite all the support, Kahne just can't seem to get over the hump. Their car was clearly fourth out of four HMS machines Sunday — uneventful until a Kyle Busch mistake pushed the No. 5 car hard into the wall and took everyone there out of their misery. It left a normally even-keeled Kahne frustrated enough to take a shot at Busch: “He was probably (ticked off) because their car was slow,” they said, marking the fourth incident where he's gotten the short end of the stick with Busch in the last 16 months. “Once we hit, my car went hard right.”
Sounds like an apt description of Kahne's season, just replace the word “right” with “down.” And while it's nice to see them get emotional, the “Mark Martin” mentality here will make it unlikely at best that we'll see payback to Busch at some point. Will that inability to get an extra “oomph” on the track — and off — from Kahne ultimately be what defines a career?
OVERDRIVE
The spectacular rookie season of Kyle Larson sped right along at Pocono. They won the ARCA race, leading unchallenged for most of it on Saturday before using lessons learned to run fifth in the Cup event. But the biggest breakthrough of all? The first-year student finally led their first laps of 2014, pacing the field for seven circuits during a cycle of green-flag stops. Despite sitting 10th in points, they hadn't put the No. 42 out front for a race all year. … A fire in Turn 3 (right), from firework shrapnel in the pre-race ceremony, caused the first of Pocono's seven caution flags. Unusual? Hardly. Forces of nature are nothing new to the track, where a deer once ran across to interrupt proceedings several years ago. … J.J. Yeley, who ran 38th, had a part break, causing a caution but came back to run at the finish, albeit three laps down. Why is that important? It's the first time the new Xxxtreme Motorsports has done so in 11 Sprint Cup starts.
Follow Tom Bowles on Twitter: @NASCARBowles
Photos by Action Sports, Inc.
The Observable C++ library has a new feature: observable expressions.
You can create an expression out of observable values and properties, and its result will also be an observable value. The result will stay updated when the expression's operands change.
A simple example
Observable expression auto x = value<double> { 5.0 }; auto y = observe( 2200 / log10(40 + x / 3), ); x = 17; // Will also recompute y. 1 2 3 4 5 6 auto x = value < double > { 5.0 } ; auto y = observe ( 2200 / log10 ( 40 + x / 3 ) , ) ; x = 17 ; // Will also recompute y.
Some more details
Observable expressions are just like regular C++ expressions, except that instead of being evaluated only once, they are evaluated each time one of their operands changes.
Take the following code:
Normal expression double a = 5; double b = 15; double avg = (a + b) / 2; 1 2 3 double a = 5 ; double b = 15 ; double avg = ( a + b ) / 2 ;
This is just some regular C++ code; it will compute the average of two numbers. We've all seen this kind of code before and we all know how it works.
It works, but what if your operands change? Well, obviously, we'll need to recompute the average!
Recomputing the average when operands change double compute_avg(double x, double y) { return (x + y) / 2; } double a = 5; double b = 15; double avg = compute_avg(a, b); // One of our numbers changes for some reason. b = 25; // We need to recompute the average. avg = compute_avg(a, b); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 double compute_avg ( double x , double y ) { return ( x + y ) / 2 ; } double a = 5 ; double b = 15 ; double avg = compute_avg ( a , b ) ; // One of our numbers changes for some reason. b = 25 ; // We need to recompute the average. avg = compute_avg ( a , b ) ;
See, easy! We just need to create a function that computes an average, and each time we change one number we call that function and update the average.
Let's try it with the Observable library, using observable values:
Recomputing the average with the Observable library using namespace observable; value<double> a = 5; value<double> b = 15; value<double> avg = observe((a + b) / 2); b = 25; // The average is automatically updated. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 using namespace observable ; value < double > a = 5 ; value < double > b = 15 ; value < double > avg = observe ( ( a + b ) / 2 ) ; b = 25 ; // The average is automatically updated.
The new code is much simpler, right?
You can also subscribe to changes and get notified when the avg changes.
Subscribing to changes avg.subscribe([](auto new_avg) { cout << new_avg << endl; }; 1 avg . subscribe ( [ ] ( auto new_avg ) { cout << new_avg << endl ; } ;
The library supports much more complex expressions than our simple average. You can use mathematical functions, select between two values and even create your own functions (called filters).
Check out the expression documentation for more examples and a more detailed explanation.
How this works, from 10k feet
The quick and simple explanation is this: the library provides overloaded operators for value<T>s.
When you use observable values, the overloaded operators return intermediate expression nodes (which also overload the operators).
These expression nodes form an expression tree that can be used to evaluate an arbitrary expression.
The root of this tree is passed to another class, an expression class, which knows how and when to evaluate the expression tree.
To observe() function takes an expression tree and returns an observable value that is linked to an expression. This observable value is updated each time the expression is evaluated.
When you should use observable expressions
If you can tolerate a bit of template machinery behind the scenes, and you want to use a reactive approach to your code, then this is for you.
Observable expressions can simplify your code and they can make it more readable than the equivalent code.
Check out the Capture The Dot Game and see how observable expressions are used with Qt.
Check out the Observable library on GitHub: https://github.com/ddinu/observable.
At a gathering of Nobel laureates in Petra, the big global questions were on the agenda, but it was Palestine that kept cropping up, writes Ian Black
Take a couple of dozen Nobel prize winners, an Arab monarch and a famous Jewish writer and Holocaust survivor. Put them in a beautiful setting, ply them with fine food and magnificent hospitality, organise brainstorming sessions - and you get a memorable opportunity to chew over some of the gravest problems on the planet.
Petra, the Nabataean city "half as old as time," is the rose-red jewel in the crown of Jordan's heritage sites - and one of the wonders of the world. It also hosts an annual conference of Nobel laureates launched by King Abdullah and Elie Wiesel: the big issues being discussed this week included the global food and energy crises, economic development, scientific research and youth empowerment – a hot topic in a region where half the population is under 18.
Woven into the clubby atmosphere, civilised discussion and endless networking possibilities is the theme of Arab-Jewish and Jordanian-Israeli cooperation - one of the fruits of the peace treaty between these old enemies and neighbours.
Theory and practice don't always match. Last year's conference was dominated by ill-tempered exchanges between Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinian president and Israel's prime minister, Ehud Olmert – and that was before the now-faltering negotiations were launched at Annapolis in November.
The Petra agenda this time was supposed to be strictly non-political. Laureates as different as the Dalai Lama and Northern Ireland's David Trimble were on hand to offer leadership and insights. Yet it still proved impossible to escape the shadow of the conflict across the river Jordan.
Shimon Peres, Israel's president (and Nobel peace prizewinner), was ambushed at the opening session by Amr Musa, the secretary-general of the Arab League, who questioned whether continuing settlement activity in the West Bank and a refusal to accept the 2002 Arab peace initiative meant that Israel was sincere. "You are a great speaker, Mr President," Musa told the veteran Israeli politician, "but please don't take us for granted."
Peres retorted that Israel had given Egypt and Jordan "everything" they had wanted in exchange for the peace agreements they had signed - and attacked the Islamists of Hamas for carrying on shooting after Israel withdrew unilaterally from the Gaza Strip three years ago.
The sudden, unscripted spat sent a ripple of unease through the audience, some of whom felt this raw political discord was inappropriate. Others, including senior Jordanians, welcomed Musa's acerbic intervention, which made headlines in the Arab and Israeli media.
For the record, King Abdullah also made some anodyne remarks about the urgency of creating a Palestinian state - but diplomatically refrained from criticising Israel. "It would be a serious mistake to miss the opportunities we have this year to establish, finally, a sovereign, independent and viable Palestinian state along with a secure and recognized Israel," they warned. It is a speech they have made many times before.
Palestine just kept coming up: a young Palestinian scientist complained that Israeli settlers in the West Bank consumed four times as much water as their Palestinian neighbours, and pointed to the problems caused by the "apartheid wall" – what the Israelis call their "security barrier".
In a session on culture another Palestinian insisted it was impossible to keep art and politics separate when living under occupation. Breakfast for university professors was marred when an Israeli who talked about academic cooperation was rebuffed by an Arab insisting that freedom had to come first. When it came to energy conservation someone observed that Palestinians wasted vast amounts by being forced to wait at Israeli army checkpoints. And so it went on.
In a media panel the al-Hayat columnist Jihad al-Khazen brandished the latest casualty figures to demonstrate that Israel was seven times more "terrorist" than the Palestinians.
Several Arabs protested that Israel was not content with occupying Palestinian land but had even appropriated Palestinian food, billing dishes such as hummus, falafel and tabbouleh as "authentically Israeli". Leon Wieseltier, a leading American Jewish literary figure, suggested gently that this was in fact an example of the "levantinisation" of Israel – "a way of living in this region." Noone responded.
"It reminded me of a couple going through the early stages of divorce proceedings," mused another participant. "Every time they began to discuss something one side would start complaining furiously about something unrelated that the other had done."
It all highlighted the awkward position that Jordan has been in since Abdullah's father, Hussein (memorably described by Peres as "his royal shyness") made their peace with Israel. Jordan annexed the West Bank in 1950, ruled it until the 1967 war but relinquished its claim in 1988. The two countries had long been "the best of enemies" in secret but it was only after Yasser Arafat led the PLO into the ill-fated Oslo agreement with Israel that they went public and signed their treaty in 1994. Hussein famously wept when Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by an Israeli extremist a year later.
The commitment to dialogue lives on: thus the Petra partnership with Wiesel, whose stock-in-trade is the Nazi Holocaust and human suffering. The presence of other American Jews and Israelis was on a scale that would be inconceivable in Egypt, which pioneered Arab acceptance of Israel when Anwar Sadat signed their treaty in 1979.
It is the way of such conferences that the event itself matters more than any outcome – though this year saw the launch of a $10m (£5m) Middle East Scientific Fund to promote graduate research. The inspiring educational success of the Nobel laureates, argued the king, "is the strongest answer to those who preach destruction, isolation and cynicism."
Wiesel had the last word: "Whatever brings Palestinians and Israelis together, I am for," they said. "Whatever brings Arabs and Jews together, I am for. I am a matchmaker. That's my privilege and my vocation." These are noble sentiments but ones that still struggle to overcome the region's great divide.
Screen Printing Peckham Print Studio
I learned how to screen print recently at the Peckham Print Studio. I have screen printed in the past, and this was much of a refresher course, which was very helpful and I learned some new knowledge from a very knowledgeable Print Technician Tom, who was teaching the class.
The Print class started with looking through past artworks of previous work, and then we prepared our artworks using photoshop, which would allow us to expose them to the silk screen. The Photoshop process involved converting the artworks to black and white bitmap images, which created a more defined black line. Depending on how many colours you are going to use within your print, we were printing with 2 colours today. The artworks separated into 2 different layered artwork for the 2 colour screen prints. Once the artworks were prepared and separated. they were then printed on to tracing paper, which would allow the UV light to pass through the non black areas, and expose the artwork to the silk screen.
We moved to the printing facilities, to learn more about screen printing, the first step was applying an emulsion which will be exposed to the artwork on the exposing unit, once the screen is exposed using UV light, the design is burned on to the screen. to make the design visible, the screen is washed to remove the emulsion, once washed the design is left behind of the screen ready to be screened printed.
The screen was dried and placed on to the screen bed, once the screen was registered to the design, we were ready to print. Using one of my illustrations, I firstly Printed the orange colour of the leaves, and left that 1st layer to dry, and then the 2nd black colour was applied. There is a level of trail and error to printing. The first few prints did not print well, and the screen was not washed throughly and the screen was clogged in certain areas, which involved cleaning the screen once again, to achieve a good print.
The Peckham Print Studio, has some great facilities, which I will certainly be taking up and using in the near future to print more of my work.
Kevin O'Leary praised Maxime Bernier on Wednesday as the candidate who best "mirrors" their policies, but CBC News has learned the reality TV star also held talks with another Conservative leadership candidate the night before.
O'Leary had an extensive face-to-face meeting with Andrew Scheer in Toronto on Tuesday night.
Multiple sources told CBC News the meeting went well and the two men got along.
Scheer apparently "pushed hard" for O'Leary's support, showing them a document of polling results and a path to success. Scheer also emphasized their ability to deliver Quebec in an election. In the end, O'Leary wasn't convinced.
O'Leary told Scheer their reasons for dropping out were their lack of support in Quebec and the importance of the province to winning the election in 2019, the same reasons they gave when they spoke to the media yesterday.
"Look at how many times Quebec has determined the federal outcomes. It is the Florida of Canada, it often decides for the country. Trudeau has to go, and this is the man to replace him," O'Leary said at a news conference Wednesday as they endorsed Bernier.
No other 'serious' discussions?
The sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said O'Leary was frank with Scheer about their meeting with Bernier later the same night and that it would come down to a decision between the two as to whom they would endorse.
That is at odds with the message presented by O'Leary campaign chair Mike Coates, who told CBC News on Wednesday there were no "serious" discussions with any other campaign.
Coates said the campaign saw Bernier as something of an outsider or a disrupter within the party, a role relished by O'Leary, and believed they were a better fit to beat the Trudeau government.
According to sources, Scheer was disappointed with O'Leary's decision to endorse Bernier, but they do not see it as a huge blow to their campaign, because there's no guarantee O'Leary's supporters will decide en masse to vote for Bernier.
Who picks up O'Leary supporters?
O'Leary's team believes their supporters will scatter to remaining candidates, though it hopes at least one-third will vote for Bernier, which may give Bernier enough support to win on the first ballot.
That hasn't stopped others, including Scheer, from trying to poach some of the 35,000 members O'Leary claims to have signed up.
"To Kevin O'Leary's supporters across the country, who are no doubt confused and disappointed, you are welcome in my campaign. I'm a genuine conservative who will bring a new optimistic tone to our party to defeat Trudeau," Scheer said in a statement yesterday.
Maxime Bernier, right, speaks as Andrew Scheer and Kellie Leitch listen during the Conservative leadership debate in Toronto Wednesday. Candidates are already moving to pick up O'Leary supporters. (Nathan Denette/Canadian Press)
And during the debate last night, business person Rick Peterson also had kind words for O'Leary.
"Anyone who sells those kinds of memberships and brings attention to our race is a valued Conservative member," Peterson said to applause from the audience.
WASHINGTON—Sitting Indian-style on the Senate floor surrounded by Magic Markers, crayons, and construction paper, members of Congress spent the afternoon in a special session Monday drawing pictures of their dream Capitols, sources reported.
The drawings—which variously featured huge missile launchers affixed to the Capitol dome, a moat filled with crocodiles and sharks, and a robot version of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) that can vote on bills when the senator themselves is absent—were reportedly part of an activity devised by congressional aides to alleviate some of the stress caused by rancorous bipartisan squabbling and to keep the lawmakers occupied until recess.
Advertisement
“That's the rotunda, this is the dirt bike track, and here's the room where you can get ice cream whenever you want and put whatever you want on top of it!” said 73-year-old Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), excitedly pointing out the different features of their imaginary seat of the U.S. legislature. “And this part right here is a big cage thing where we can round up all the people who aren't supposed to be in America. Then here's where some big trucks can drive in to take them all back to Mexico.”
“And this is the waterslide!” continued McConnell.
Reports confirmed other Congress members were even more creative with their drawings, including in their pictures talking animals that give representatives on the Ways and Means Committee advice on the budget, depictions of bipartisan committees working in harmony to pass legislation for the good of the country, and even an anti-gravity chamber where representatives can play a zero-G version of basketball.
Advertisement
“People are always yelling and yelling here, so I drew this secret room that's hidden above the House gallery that's full of pillows and stuffed animals and things like that,” said Rep. Kurt Schrader (D-OR), who later had to be separated from Rep. Jimmy Duncan (R-TN) after Duncan called Schrader's Capitol drawing “so dumb.” “No one knows about it but me. You get in through this little door here, and nobody can bother you for stuff they want you to do just 'cause they gave you a bunch of money for your campaign.”
“Not even Monsanto,” added Schrader, whispering to themselves under their breath as they looked down and colored in a part of their creation.
Though aides praised all the drawings for being “very creative,” sources said it was clear that some in Congress had embraced the assignment with more enthusiasm than others. For example, while Sen. Barbara Boxer's (D-CA) elaborate creation featured a pony stable, a pink-glittered dome that looked like a cupcake, and a fairy princess who could magically turn any environmental protection bill into a law, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) simply completed a tidy drawing of the existing Capitol building with no flourishes or discernible changes of any kind.
Advertisement
In addition, a few drawings were said to have been cause for concern, such as the one made by Rep. Jim Costa (D-CA), which, except for a few violent streaks of red, was colored in almost completely black and appeared to have been crumpled up in anger.
“[Rep.] Sheila [Jackson Lee (D-TX)] got yelled at because they drew this big dragon breathing fire all over the right side of the aisle and burning everyone up,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) said of their colleague, who has routinely been called “the meanest representative” by other members of Congress. “She's bad. They do something bad almost every day.”
After the lawmakers taped their creations to the House Speaker's rostrum under a banner that read “Our Capitol!” they reportedly settled into their seats to listen to a fairy tale about a fantastical war on Christmas told by Rep. Barry Loudermilk (R-GA).
DUNDALK WILL FACE familiar opposition tonight in the Champions League qualifiers, but manager Stephen Kenny insists their approach will be slightly different to when they last crossed paths.
Going into the second qualifying round of the Champions League last season, the SSE Airtricity League Premier Division side were full of admiration for BATE Borisov, a club which had risen from a small league on the periphery of European football to become a regular fixture in the group stages.
Irish clubs can look on in envy at the achievements of BATE, who have defeated the likes of Bayern Munich, Roma, Lille and Athletic Bilbao on European club football's biggest stage in recent seasons. It's a position in which League of Ireland clubs such as the back-to-back champions aspire to be, regardless of how unlikely that may seem.
Nevertheless, in spite of the significant gulf between the teams in terms of budget and Champions League calibre, Dundalk were only a goal away from dumping BATE out of the competition last season. After defeating the Lilywhites 2-1 in Belarus, BATE secured a 0-0 draw at Oriel Park to progress.
“For them to compete regularly with all the giants of Europe shows that it can be achieved. Obviously they've had major investment and financial backing in Belarus,” Dundalk manager Stephen Kenny told Newstalk's Richie McCormack.
“From our point of view, while we were acknowledging how they did that and using it as somewhat of an inspiration, we've stopped admiring them now. Obviously last season we went so close to them and it was a sort of bitter defeat.
“There was a real edge to it and certainly there was a bit of afters. They celebrated beating us like they won the bloody Champions League and we viewed that as a sign of respect.”
Dundalk manager Stephen Kenny. Source: Morgan Treacy/INPHO
Just over a year on from their last meeting, Dundalk are back in Borisov this evening for another first-leg fixture — this time in the third qualifying round (7pm, live on Eir Sport 1). Should Dundalk progress, they'll be just one round away from the Champions League group stages. If they fall short, they'll enter a play-off for the group stages of the Europa League.
Kenny continued: “They knew when we went to Belarus that we gave them a really tough game over there. We dominated for long spells in the game in Borisov and they increased their intensity coming to Oriel Park and probably deserved to go through.
But they knew that we gave them a right game and certainly they'll be waiting for us this time, so we're not naive about that.”
As evidenced by the fact that they're available at 6/1 to win tonight's away leg over 90 minutes, Dundalk are substantial underdogs for this tie, the second leg of which will take place at Shamrock Rovers' Tallaght Stadium in seven days' time.
However, Kenny is backing their players to produce an even better performance than what they delivered in Iceland last Wednesday, when they drew 2-2 with FH Hafnarfjordur to progress to the next stage via away goals (3-3 on aggregate).
“I believe in the talent of the group that we have,” said Kenny. “I believe that we're capable of playing even better than we did against FH and I think we'll have to, because BATE are an exceptional team.”
Arizona's biggest counterterrorism center may be covering up a massive data breach. A new investigation from ProPublica and The Center for Investigative Reporting looks at Lizhong Fan, a Chinese national hired at Arizona's Counterterrorism Information Center in 2007. In June of that year, Fan abruptly left the country, flying back to Beijing with two laptops and a number of other hard drives in their luggage. Their bosses in Arizona weren't told about the trip and found their work computers completely erased, leaving no trace of their activities. Fan sent a few more emails, expressing a desire to return to the US in the distant future, but after that fell silent. According to ProPublica, no one at the Arizona center has heard from them in over three years.
Fan got the job through Xunmei Li, whom the FBI now suspects of espionage
Hired as a facial recognition expert, Fan had access to essentially all the data at the Arizona center, which includes five million driver's licenses along with more sensitive law enforcement databases. Potentially, the database could also include information on intelligence analysts and investigators, putting it on the level with a recent USIS breach that revealed the birth dates and social security numbers for more than 25,000 Homeland Security officers.
Basic vetting should have disqualified active Chinese citizens from working at the center, but Fan seems to have slipped through thanks to a combination of bad contracting practices and possible foul play. Fan was officially an employee of Hummingbird Defense Systems, an Arizona firm that was hired to build a facial recognition system for the counterterrorism center. Hummingbird hired Fan based on their work building similar systems for the Chinese government, but it's not clear they were ever properly vetted by Homeland Security. Fan was recommended for the job by Xunmei Li, girlfriend of Hummingbird CEO Steve Greschner, whom the FBI now suspects may have been spying for the Chinese government.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio seems to have worked to cover up the breach
There are still a lot of questions to be answered, including how the breach stayed secret for the seven years since Fan left the country. The two officials in charge of the center, Maricopa Country Sheriff Joe Arpaio and Homeland Security Chief Janet Napolitano, have been silent about the breach, and Arpaio's deputies seem to have worked to keep the information secret, instructing officers not to discuss the incident.
The incident also raises real questions about the post-9/11 practice of housing data in central fusion centers like the Arizona outpost. In this case, it made it easy for an interloper like Fan to access all the state's counterterrorism data from a single location. As ProPublica points out, the Arizona center was initially hailed as a model for fusion centers across the country. A 2006 Washington Post article described the center as "one of the best-run and most effective" intelligence centers in the country.
"There are places like the track between Clifton Hill and Jolimont that are going to be overcrowded really quickly - as in, the next three to four years - and we won't be able to run any more trains on those tracks," Mr Dobbs told The Sunday Age.
"There are also other bits of the system like the Werribee line, the northern group of services, or the Dandenong line itself, where such is the growth that it's generating significant peak-hour pressures. The tunnel is not the only way of dealing with that – one of the things that we do need to move to is high-capacity signalling."
High-capacity signalling, which tells train drivers when the line ahead is clear by putting the signals inside their carriage instead of alongside the railway tracks, would allow trains to be run more efficiently across the network. But while the technology is used in dozens of cities around the world, it has not yet been introduced in Australia.
Mr Dobbs, who ran the Public Transport Corporation in the 1990s, was the inaugural chief executive of Public Transport Victoria under the Baillieu government and sat on the original steering committee for the Metro Rail project, said high-capacity signalling was a "big technical jump - like going from a Tiger Moth to an Airbus 380". But they said it would give the state the ability to run "more trains, more reliably ... closer together".
In Victoria, the government is yet to commit to such a technology boost, although it is likely to form part of any plans to adopt the Coalition's Pakenham-Dandenong Rail Capacity Project, which Labor is considering.
The city will be slowly rolling out one of the least anticipated aspects of a parking plan in January, as officials prepare to increase rates and extend enforcement hours for prime downtown spaces.
The city plans to distribute fliers and initially issue warnings for expired meters after the increased rates go into effect next month. Citations will not be issued until Jan. 22 in order to give visitors a chance to grow accustomed to the new system, said Sean Brandon, Mobility and Parking Services director.
"It's new," Brandon said. "And anything that's new requires getting used to."
City officials say the increased rates are meant to help increase availability of premium spaces for those who wish to pay the extra cost. A free downtown shuttle, with new simplified routes, is meant to serve those who choose to park farther away.
Ridership has doubled since the new routes went into effect earlier this year, with 42,921 riders between Sept. 25 through November, compared to 21,730 riders during the same period in 2016, according to city officials.
The city hasn't had as much luck renting out spaces it recently began leasing to provide discounted parking for workers.
Staff has been working with Savannah Downtown Business Association to rent out the 24 spaces at Henry and Whitaker for about $20 a month, but the Liberty Street garage, where spaces cost double that, is still the preferred choice, Brandon said.
"It puts you closer to the heart of downtown," they said.
The Savannah City Council agreed in September to lease the site out for $800 a month after agreeing to move forward with a consultant's downtown parking plan. The plan includes doubling the cost of parking to $2 per hour for spaces north of Liberty Street and enforcing paid parking in that area on Saturdays. Eventually, the Henry Street lot is expected to be rented out and additional lease agreements for underused parking lots could be forthcoming, Brandon said.
"Some of it is gauging what will happen once the plan is in effect," they said.
The parking plan also includes replacing coin-operated meters with digital meters that accept credit cards. The new meters, which are expected to be installed by the end of the year, are also compatible with a mobile app that allows users to pay for parking with their phones.
Since the app was launched in June it has been used about 42,000 times and has made up about 10-15 percent of parking transactions on a typical day, Brandon said. There has been about a 15-20 percent drop in fines since the app allowed users to pay for parking remotely, which officials say was anticipated.
"We'd much rather have people pay on the system and pay what they want to pay than receive a citation," Brandon said.
CAMBRIDGE, Massachusetts, May 7, 2015 (ENS) – Solar energy on a grand scale could meet humanity's future long-term energy needs while cutting carbon emissions, but lower-cost technologies and more effective government policies are needed to achieve this potential, finds a new study released Tuesday by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Energy Initiative (MITEI).
“The Future of Solar Energy” says that America needs to prepare its electricity systems for very large-scale deployment of solar generation, which tends to vary unpredictably throughout the day.
The authors point to an urgent need for federal R&D dollars to be invested in new technologies, especially low-cost, large-scale electricity storage, with greater emphasis on rewarding production of solar energy.
“Our objective has been to assess solar energy's current and potential competitive position and to identify changes in U.S. government policies that could more efficiently and effectively support its massive deployment over the long term, which we view as necessary,” said MITEI Director Robert Armstrong, the Chevron Professor in Chemical Engineering at MIT.
The study group is presenting its findings to lawmakers and senior administration officials this week in Washington.
Richard Schmalensee, the study's chair and Howard W. Johnson Professor Emeritus of Economics and Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management, said, “What the study shows is that our focus needs to shift toward new technologies and policies that have the potential to make solar a compelling economic option.”
Today's federal and state subsidy programs designed to encourage investment in solar systems should be reconsidered, to increase their cost-effectiveness,
The group also recommends that state renewable portfolio standards, which support increased power generation from renewable resources, be brought under a unified national program that would reduce the cost of meeting set targets by allowing unrestricted interstate trading of credits.
Several new solar technologies are being developed by MIT researchers.
Scientists at MIT and Stanford University have developed a new kind of solar cell that combines two different layers of sunlight-absorbing material in order to harvest a broader range of the sun's energy.
The new cell uses a layer of silicon, which forms the basis for most of today's solar panels, but adds a semi-transparent layer of a material called perovskite, which can absorb higher-energy particles of light.
In this initial version, the efficiency is 13.7 percent, but the researchers say they have identified low-cost ways of improving this to about 30 percent, a big improvement over today's commercial silicon-based solar cells. They say this technology could ultimately achieve a power efficiency of more than 35 percent.
It's widely believed that China is the world's dominant manufacturer of solar panels because of its low labor costs and strong government support. But a 2013 study by researchers at MIT and the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory, published in the journal “Energy and Environmental Science, “indicates that the United States could once again become cost-competitive in photovoltaic (PV) manufacturing.
As of 2011, manufacturers in China accounted for 63 percent of all solar-panel production worldwide. But a detailed analysis of all costs associated with PV production shows that the main contributors to that country's lower PV prices are economies of scale and well-developed supply chains, not cheap labor.
“We developed a bottom-up model,” explains Tonio Buonassisi, an associate professor of mechanical engineering at MIT.
The researchers estimated costs for virtually all the materials, labor, equipment and overhead involved in the PV manufacturing process.
The bottom line, Buonassisi says, is that today's regional price differences in making photovoltaic modules are “not inherent [and] not driven by country-specific advantages.” As a result, technological innovations could rapidly level the playing field.
Copyright Environment News Service (ENS) 2015. All rights reserved.
IN trying to civilise Afghanistan, we may have bitten off more than anyone can chew. For too many in that blighted land, the seventh century beckons.
WHEN, on a Sunday morning in September 1939, Prime Minister Robert Menzies announced that it was their "melancholy duty" to inform the nation it was once again at war, Australians wearily accepted the sacrifice to come.
A generation earlier, more than 60,000 Australians had died in what had been referred to as the Great War.
Across both wars just short of 100,000 Australians were killed.
That's 30 a day, every day, for every year of both wars.
We were in it for the long haul. The future of the free world was at stake. Australian lives would be sacrificed. That was the cost of freedom.
In August 1966, during the Battle of Long Tan, 18 Australians were killed, the bloodiest day for us of the Vietnam War. Eleven of the dead were conscripts, one was a student not old enough to vote.
It shocked the nation, but our prime minister vowed soon after that they were going "all the way with LBJ (US President Lyndon Baines Johnson)" and we must have agreed: Harold Holt won that November's federal election in a historic landslide, in no small part based on our enthusiasm for the war.
Six years later, Australians' view of that conflict - still the longest in our history - had changed and helped Gough Whitlam's Labor Party to power.
But the Liberals had been acutely aware that the nation's appetite for the war had waned and they were slowly withdrawing our men and women from the unwinnable contest, the last Australians being killed in combat in September 1971.
Five privates of the 4th Battalion Royal Australian Regiment died that day, a bloody, final punctuation mark in a war that had exhausted our country.
We were in Vietnam for the long haul; Australians had bravely won battles, but the nation's heart wasn't in it.
Neither is the heart any longer in the fight for Afghanistan, polls indicating that two-thirds of us want out.
The deaths over the weekend of three more Australian troops, and the wounding of six others, attacked by a so-called "rogue" Afghan soldier will further erode support for our presence there. As it should.
Our soldiers are adamant their job to train a reliable local defence force will not be completed by the Canberra-imposed deadline of 2014.
They'd know. When my colleague Ian McPhedran recently spent time with them in Afghanistan, they observed the local trainees.
They were lazy, ill-disciplined, untrustworthy and even mutinous.
They often dropped their loaded rifles to steal fruit from trees, rather than protect their people.
It's a curious thing that Prime Minister Julia Gillard, their predecessor Kevin Rudd, their predecessor John Howard, and the alternative prime minister Tony Abbott agree that Australia is there for the "long haul".
The long haul is never spelled out. That is because there is no achievable end in Afghanistan.
It is a long haul to a hell devised by Islamists who despise modernity, Western freedoms, and who see democracy and its concepts, such as equality for women and education for girls, as a full-on cultural assault.
These are men who wish to live by the backward ways of the seventh-century birth of their troubled religion.
We are wasting our time, our defence budget and the lives of our noble sons, by getting touchy-feely about building these people schools and bringing water to their villages when too many of them hate us and plan to kill our children.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.coveritlive.com/mobile.php/option=com_mobile/task=viewaltcast/altcast_code=10bc86a365" &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Who are Australian soldiers dying for? - Debate with Alan Howe from 1pm&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
When Europeans a century ago sat in smoke-filled drawing rooms and drew lines of administrative convenience through what had been their empires, they did so ignorant of the lives of those who would forever after be ruled by those geographic co-ordinates.
Those people resent it, and I don't blame them. Afghanistan is not a country and it never has been.
It is a collection of often uneducated, sexist, stubbornly prejudiced, rigidly narrow-minded, violent tribes - untrustworthy men who stabbed us in the back until we thought it a brilliant idea to give them weapons and training.
Now they shoot us.
We are in Afghanistan to rid them of the Taliban and perhaps introduce locals to the idea of democracy.
Fat chance. The Taliban's deadly response regularly costs allied lives.
Not that I am proposing a retreat from the War on Terror.
But when our significant other, the US, secretly organises talks between Afghan President Hamid Karzai's leadership and the ape-like Taliban, you know things aren't going so well.
Rather than expensively invest in troops on the ground, perhaps we should spend a fraction of that on decent intelligence and use unmanned drones to hunt and kill our prey.
The US drone attacks are working with greatly increased efficiency.
In recent months the allies' drones have lopped off some important heads from the Taliban/al-Qai'da Hydra.
But it grows more heads; Afghans are among the most fertile of nationalities and in their ranks are some of the most resentful people on the planet.
In the absence of measurable goals with a deadline that our troops believe they can achieve, we should think of better ways to combat this menace.
Relying more on Western technology that is the fruit of modern and wealthy democracies has a ring of common sense to it.
We'll kill some innocents along that way. That's war. It's a war on terror and we have a right to share the terror around.
Originally published as Who are Australian soldiers dying for?
Oh look, something else to add to your ‘Impossible gaming merchandise' wishlist. The VTB:1/Venom bike has been crafted by UK motorcycle specialists Triumph in honour of the Bonneville T100 ridden by Snake in Metal Gear Solid 5: The Phantom Pain.
Complete with Diamond Dogs logo and stripped of mirrors, speedometer and rev counter (safe), the bike is allegedly ready to take on the wilds of Afghanistan and Africa. Plus, in a quest for true Snake-dom the saddle has been refinished in Sneaking Suit neoprene and carbon Kevlar inspired by MGS's grizzled leading man.
Unveiled at MCM Comic Con in London last weekend, the bike has heavy-duty fork springs, cut down rear guard and and an all-important exclamation mark tail light. Plus, if you like motorcycle words there's colour matched callipers, Triumph Tiger off-road foot pegs, Renthal performance sprocket, machined throttle body caps and Triumph sport levers. Phew. The bad news is that it's not available for sale but it'll be travelling to more events later this year.
Check out the full gallery above and the bike's unveiling (from under a cardboard box) at MCM below.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Image source: Metalgearinformer.com
Exxon Mobil Corp. may invest more than $10 billion as it transplants the U.S. shale-drilling model to Argentina's Vaca Muerta region in the next few decades, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rex Tillerson said Thursday.
The oil giant has so far invested $200 million in the world's second-largest shale gas deposit and plans to invest another $250 million in coming months on a pilot project, Tillerson said after meeting with Argentine President Mauricio Macri in Buenos Aires.
Unlike the mega-projects that have been Exxon's hallmark for more than half a century, the shale developments the company began pursuing in 2010 have involved drilling hundreds of individual wells and installing thousands of miles of pipes to squeeze crude and natural gas from deep, dense, onshore fields.
If the pilot project is successful, the company will start full development during a period of 20 to 30 years that could involve additional investment “that would be well in excess of $10 billion,” they said.
For Tillerson, Argentina's vast Vaca Muerta shale region represents an opportunity to reverse production losses and add reserves after a $35 billion wrong-way bet on U.S. natural gas and a Russian exploration venture that was derailed by international sanctions. Exxon, the world's largest oil explorer by market value, has designated Vaca Muerta as one of nine “key activity” areas in the Western Hemisphere and one of just four in South America, according to company data.
New Government
Macri has been courting international corporations from Total SA to Dow Chemical Co. to Coca-Cola Co. to invest in Argentina since taking office in December. Exxon, whose annual sales dwarf the economic output of all but about 45 of the world's nations, is building a plant to strip impurities out of natural gas as well as a pipeline network to handle the output from its Vaca Muerta wells.
“I am very encouraged by the changes that have occurred here in Argentina, with the change in government,” Tillerson said, according to a statement from the Argentine government.
Even with the Argentine shale investment, Exxon hasn't completely abandoned the pursuit of mega-projects. The Irving, Texas-based company is a junior partner in the proposed $37 billion expansion of the Tengiz field in Kazakhstan, a development led by Chevron Corp.
Exxon's worldwide oil and gas output is lower than it was when Tillerson began their tenure as CEO a decade ago.
Last year, the company that traces its roots to the 1880s and John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust failed to replace all the crude and gas it pumped with new discoveries for the first time in 22 years. In April, S&P Global Ratings stripped Exxon of the gold-plated credit rating it had held since the Great Depression.
Tillerson will reach Exxon's mandatory retirement age of 65 in March. In a May 25 meeting with reporters after the company's annual meeting in Dallas, they declined to say whether they would seek an extension of their tenure from the board.
Vaca Muerta, Spanish for Dead Cow, is one of the world's top shale plays, covering an area the size of Belgium and considered key to restoring energy self-sufficiency in Argentina.
By Jeff Manning and Anna Marum
Multnomah County on Tuesday signed a letter of intent to sell Wapato Jail to a developer for use as a distribution center.
Portland real estate developer Marty Kehoe said they plan to convert the 155,400-square-foot facility into a distribution and storage space for a medical equipment distribution company.
"With its position as close to I-5 and its zoning, it's a very good distribution location," they said. "That is what got me interested."
The letter is the first step toward the county recouping a fraction of the money it has sunk into the North Portland property over the last 20 years.
The county spent $58 million to construct the jail in 2004 and another $300,000 a year to maintain it. While film companies have rented it out for movie productions, the jail was never used as it was originally intended.
"Wapato has dogged every Board and cost every taxpayer since it was completed,'' said County Chair Deborah Kafoury in a statement. "It is past time to end this debacle and get this property back on the tax rolls."
The county last year studied the feasibility of converting the vacant jail into a temporary homeless facility. Commissioners Loretta Smith and Diane McKeel pressed the county to at least consider housing some of the estimated 2,000 people now living on the streets in Portland.
But a majority of county commissioners opposed the move citing the high up-front costs -- nearly $1 million -- of converting the facility.
According to the county, Kehoe's bid was one of six that came in after the county hired commercial real estate firm CBRE to market the property in late August. The county declined to confirm the purchase price.
Other prominent developers who threw their hats into the ring included Jordan Schnitzer and Barry Menashe. Menashe wanted to convert the jail to a supersized homeless center, said Tom Brenneke, another real estate developer who worked with Menashe.
Brenneke said the county blew a prime opportunity to do something significant about the homeless problem. The building is in pristine shape, it boasts an enormous commercial kitchen. "Take away the razor wire and it looks nothing like a jail," Brenneke said.
Schnitzer said they withdrew their bid after deciding they had other higher priorities.
Wapato Jail sits on 18.24 acres of industrial land in Portland's Rivergate Industrial Park. The building was appraised for industrial use for $8.5 million in 2014.
The county's decision comes after a previous unsolicited $10 million cash offer for the jail by Santa Monica-based Pacific Development Partners fell through on Oct. 10, when the company's rights expired.
-- Anna Marum
amarum@oregonian.com
503-294-5911
@annamarum
I remember when I was a three-year-old and wanting to go out and play in the garden and having to put my shoes and socks on first. I was starting to get a sense of being itchy and uncomfortable. Mum was helping me to put my sock on, but the sock was really hurting me. I told them it was the wrong sock for the foot; I believed socks were like shoes, and had a set side. They then swapped the sock and began to put it on the opposite, 'correct', side. The fabric brushed past my toenails, then the seam didn't line up correctly, and I was experiencing pain.
I remember when I was a three-year-old and wanting to go out and play in the garden and having to put my shoes and socks on first. I was starting to get a sense of being itchy and uncomfortable. Mum was helping me to put my sock on, but the sock was really hurting me. I told them it was the wrong sock for the foot; I believed socks were like shoes, and had a set side. They then swapped the sock and began to put it on the opposite, 'correct', side. The fabric brushed past my toenails, then the seam didn't line up correctly, and I was experiencing pain.
'I found out that the children at school had created an I Hate Hannah Club'- Former Rose on the difficulties of living with dyspraxia
Suddenly I could take no more, and I just lost it. It was so intense and I became so distressed that every item of clothing I had on me needed to come off immediately. I was lying on my stomach, rolling around and crying as I discarded and flung every item of clothing from my body. All I wanted to do was go outside, but I couldn't cope with the fact that the sock was touching me.
Some people would have described me as being "fussy" or "dramatic". I tried to explain to them that I was just like the princess in The Princess and The Pea. For me, this is how I experienced these tactile sensations; it is as if there are hundreds of mattresses and only a real princess can feel that there is a pea underneath. As an occupational therapist and a sensory integration practitioner, I can now recognise this as 'tactile sensitivity' - which seems to be quite common to many people with dyspraxia.
Dyspraxia/DCD Ireland describes dyspraxia as a lifelong condition which is characterised by difficulty with thinking out, planning and carrying out sensory/motor tasks. A person with dyspraxia may have a combination of several problems in varying degrees; these include poor balance, poor fine and gross motor coordination, difficulties with vision, motor planning, perception problems and poor awareness of body position in space.
Former Dublin Rose Hannah McDonnell.
Children with dyspraxia may have a combination of problems in varying degrees, including poor balance and posture, speech problems, poor sense of direction, difficulty hopping, skipping or riding a bike, sensitivity to touch, difficulty with reading and writing, and intolerance of having hair or teeth brushed, and nails and hair cut.
My own diagnosis came about because my mother was concerned about my eyesight. They also thought I had flat feet since I was frequently losing my balance, falling, dropping stuff, and banging into things regularly. My mum thought it must be a problem with my sight; why else would I not be able to see that there was a door in my way, or a chair, or a step?
It was actually following a routine screening by a District Nurse that I was referred to a physiotherapist for an assessment of sorts, following which my mum was told my sight was fine, but I did have flat feet.
They were told that I also had dyspraxia, and that this condition meant that a child would have difficulty with balance and gross motor tasks. They explained that it was due to my dyspraxia that I was having difficulties with my balance and accidents.
Mum didn't know much about dyspraxia. This was pre-Google and dyspraxia wasn't as well understood. They did do a little bit of reading in books about it, which basically said that it was a gross motor difficulty and if you do horse riding and swimming a child, would learn to grow out of it. That was about as much as was commonly known back then.
There was little or no mention of my fine motor skills or handwriting, and the other difficulties that would accompany my new diagnosis.
Dublin Rose Hannah McDonnell on stage in 2008
Another common difficulty associated with having dyspraxia can be difficulties with social situations. When I was younger I really had to learn to understand peoples' boundaries. I would frequently get into trouble and I had a really strong sense of social justice, so I'd say exactly what I thought.
One day, I came into school and found out that the children had created an "I Hate Hannah Club". They would meet in an area in the schoolyard at the back of the shelters, and talk about all of the things that they hated about me. Having spent a lunch on my own, the following day I went to the group and was greeted with, "What are you doing here? This is an 'I Hate Hannah Club'," and I said "Well I hate Hannah too, so I should be able to join." They just laughed.
I've tried to never let dyspraxia and dyslexia constrain me or limit my ambitions. The thing you have to remember is that you're not wrong and you're not broken. You're just different in how you experience life.
I've learned to always keep trying, trying trying, even if you sometimes fail. I discovered drama at a young age and it has always been such a positive thing for me. It helped me to problem-solve, identify emotions, and improvise situations. I went on to access university through drama, doing my first degree in Performing Arts. Once I qualified, I started to work with Dyspraxia/DCD Ireland teaching drama and social skill workshops to children and young people with syspraxia. The joy and satisfaction I derived from this encouraged me to go back and train as an occupational therapist, and I am now qualified and experienced in the process of diagnosing dyspraxia.
As I've grown, I've learned how best to handle the daily challenges that come with dyspraxia. My family have been fantastic, and confidence comes when you have supportive people in your life and you believe in yourself. There will be times when the world is going to tell that you can't do something, so you need to be the first person to say that you can. And if you fall, you get back up again.
Health & Living
The US is helping Saudi Arabia wage a war in Yemen, largely in secret. A member of congress from California wants to bring it into the open.
Representative Ro Khanna, a Democrat, and dozens of other members of the House have co-sponsored a resolution that requires debate on US military involvement in Yemen. In 2015, President Barack Obama supported Saudi Arabia's war effort in Yemen, and President Donald Trump has continued the mission. Khanna, who represents voters in Silicon Valley, says it's time for an open debate over America's role in the Yemen conflict.
Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) asks Secretary of Defense James Mattis about the US role in Yemen, in a hearing before the House Armed Services Committee, October 3, 2017. Credit: CSPAN
“I wish someone had brought up the vote earlier,” they say. “We should never have been part of aiding the Saudis in this effort.”
On March 26, 2015, Saudi Arabia and an Arab coalition took sides in the Yemeni civil war. The Saudi-led coalition brought massive firepower to a complex turf battle between forces loyal to Yemen's president and the rebels who ousted him, a militant religious group known as the Houthis. The United States supplied weapons, logistics and intelligence to help its Saudi allies control Yemen's airspace, blockade Yemen's seaports and conduct a bombing campaign called Operation Decisive Storm.
The Saudis prayed for a "quick and decisive victory." That was 31 months ago.
The fight for control of Yemen shows no sign of stopping. The war has killed thousands of civilians, caused widespread food shortages and triggered a cholera epidemic. Yemenis have been plunged into the world's worst humanitarian crisis.
“There is a huge difference in being complicit with doing harm and not being able to stop harm,” says Khanna. “Right now the problem is that we're complicit with Saudi Arabia's human rights violations.”
The war against Yemen's Houthi rebels
In its drive to destroy rebel targets, the Saudi-led coalition has struck hospitals, schools and marketplaces in scores of well-documented attacks. A year ago, a double-tap strike — so called because coalition planes circled back for a second hit that killed first-responders — destroyed a social hall in the middle of the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, where an estimated 2,000 mourners were gathered for a funeral ceremony.
#Sanaa funeral hall #Yemen before & after the "double tap" bombing by #SaudiArabia Over 2,000 civilians where inside the hall pic.twitter.com/ZhJbMJIzXC — Bird On A Mission (@suegrant54321) October 9, 2016
The funeral airstrike in Sanaa killed 100 people and spotlighted the murky US role in the Yemen war. Buried in the rubble of the social hall was the remnant of one of the bombs that destroyed the building.
EXCLUSIVE
Photo taken by a police officer friend of mine from Al-Kobra Grand Hall airstrike aftermath! #Yemen pic.twitter.com/sv8f5bgsna — Ammar Aulaqi (@ammar82) October 10, 2016
Journalists and Houthi officials later identfied it as part of a 500-pound "smart bomb" manufactured in the United States.
Humanitarian organizations such as Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have condemned the Saudi-led coalition — as well as the Houthi rebels — for the continuing carnage in Yemen. And while the United States doesn't select Yemeni targets for the Saudi-led coalition, US military advisers do work alongside Saudi air force officers every day, to guide coalition missions.
“We have a limited number of folks there, five or six people,” says Eric Pahon, a Pentagon spokesperson. “They provide targeting advice to avoid civilian casualties. Their [standard operating procedure] is to provide advice — a safety measure — not to help them out in the civil war.”
But US supports for the Saudi-led coalition is broader than that.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other coalition countries wage war with US-made weapons. For example, Saudi and UAE pilots fly fighter jets made by US defense megacontractors Boeing and Lockheed-Martin. They drop bombs made by General Dynamics, outfitted with guidance systems from Raytheon. Major Saudi weapons purchases approved by the Obama administration in 2015 are now part of the $110 billion arms sale announced by Trump in Riyadh in May.
Here is a Saudi wish list of US weapons, worth $1.29 billion. The Saudis made the request in 2015 to replenish stocks depleted after bombing Yemen for seven months.
Refueling the war
In addition to arms, the coalition fighter jets are refueled in the air by US Air Force tanker planes, flown by American pilots. Although the Department of Defense does not disclose operational information, in 2015, just days after the war began, Military.com reported that the Saudi-led coalition would purchase fuel for its Yemen operation from the 340th Expeditionary Air Refueling (EAR) Squadron, based in Qatar.
A week later, USA Today confirmed the deal.
Since then, American tanker planes have performed more than 7,500 midair refueling "events" with coalition aircraft, with "about 54 million pounds of fuel off-loaded in support of Saudi operations in Yemen," Air Forces Central Command spokesperson Capt. Kathleen Atanasoff told Military.com in February.
This video shows how the 340th EAR Squadron performs midair refueling of an unidentified F-15 Strike Eagle, the same kind of fighter jet flown by Saudi Arabia.
Khanna wants the US to pull the plug on the refueling program because the operation has never been authorized by Congress.
Khanna's resolution, drawing on the 1973 War Powers Resolution, puts limits on presidential authority to support the Saudi-led coalition without additional Congressional approvals.
The text of Khanna's bill, House Concurrent Resolution 81, spells out the limits of presidential power.
“It's beyond time for the country to stop conducting refueling for missions over Yemen,” Khanna wrote in a statement with their co-sponsors. “Congress and the American people know too little about the role we are playing in a war that is causing suffering for millions of people and is a genuine threat to our national security.”
Khanna, like many critics of the war, says the US should not be helping Saudi Arabia bomb targets in Yemen. “The United States has no national security interest," they say, "and we certainly shouldn't be a participant in a coalition-led bombing raid that is violating basic human rights.”
Proponents of US involvement view the Yemen war as a proxy fight between US ally Saudi Arabia and its regional rival, Iran, much like the war in Syria. In March, America's top commander in the region, Army Gen. Joseph Votel, told Congress "there are vital US interests at stake" in the fight, and that Tehran "poses the greatest long-term threat to stability." But pursuing such geopolitical goals comes with a humanitarian cost.
A UN report released in early October held the Saudi-led coalition responsible for killing or injuring 683 children just last year.
BREAKING • The @UN blacklists #Saudi-led coalition in #Yemen for killing and injuring 683 children and attacking dozens of schools and hospitals during 2016: https://t.co/7l7WKYCqlW pic.twitter.com/SGGIjjLD6C — The UN Times (@TheUNTimes) October 5, 2017
“The US government knows what Saudi did,” says Sanaa activist and humanitarian worker Ahmad Algohbary. “It knows that children were killed by its bombs, but they [are] still selling and fueling the jets.” Algohbary doubts that a Congressional debate will halt US support for the Saudi government. “If the death of children didn't stop them from selling weapons, what else will?”
Alghobary distinguishes the US government from US citizens. “I love American people, and I met with a lot of them in Yemen,” they say, “but I actually hate US government policy.”
The war against Yemen's al-Qaeda
Of course, the US has another reason to be in Yemen. The southeastern part of the country is home base for al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP, considered by the US to be the most dangerous active branch of al-Qaeda.
America's effort to defeat AQAP has been fought primarily with armed unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
An MQ-9 Reaper, armed with GBU-12 Paveway II laser guided munitions and AGM-114 Hellfire missiles Credit: US Air Force Photo/Lt. Col. Leslie Pratt
The US drone war in Yemen, which was begun in 2002 under President George W. Bush, has been credited with keeping AQAP in check, and remains a US national security priority.
“Since Jan. 1, 2017, we have conducted more than 100 strikes in Yemen against al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula targets,” says the Pentagon's Eric Pahon. “Additionally, US special operations forces have carried out raids against AQAP high-value individuals and locations.”
“There is a distinction of course between our efforts in Yemen against al-Qaeda and our efforts to assist the Saudi coalition,” Khanna insists. “What our resolution does is say the United States shouldn't be involved in any aid to the Saudi coalition against the Houthis. But it does not do anything to restrict the United States from counterterrorism operations. And that's an important distinction that we've emphasized with the Department of Defense.”
The line dividing the US effort to battle al-Qaeda and America's role in the Saudi war was blurred on Oct. 1. That day an MQ-9 Reaper, an American surveillance drone with weapons capability, was shot down in Houthi territory near Yemen's capital, Sanaa.
The US uses drones to hunt al-Qaeda in Yemen, but there are no known al-Qaeda fighters in Sanaa. Yemen's capital city is heavily patrolled by Houthi militia who are sworn enemies of the militants. The Department of Defense has acknowledged that the downed drone was American, but has been silent about its mission in the heart of a Houthi stronghold.
“The MQ-9 is an ISR [Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance] platform,” says Pahon. “As a matter of policy, we don't discuss intelligence matters.”
Opinion: Drone shot down by Houthis suggests US support for Saudi coalition air strikes https://t.co/aUaHVuuY01 | By: @KhalilDewan #Yemen pic.twitter.com/YpQhoRnkez — Middle East Monitor (@MiddleEastMnt) October 7, 2017
Another Pentagon spokesperson Maj. Adrian Rankine-Galloway, put it more bluntly when asked whether there was a reason the US was flying a drone over Sanaa that day. “Of course there was a reason,” they said in a phone interview, “but I can't tell you what it is.”
Distinguishing between the wars
Khanna respects the US national security mission in Yemen, and they are quick to declare that their resolution would not undermine the fight against al-Qaeda. “If the military is there to gather intelligence on how to go after al-Qaeda or terrorists, there is nothing in the resolution that would restrict that,” they say.
“It does restrict, though, any partnership with the Saudi regime or the Saudi coalition in fighting the Houthis,” they add. “That distinction is very important because it can reassure a lot of people in Congress that we are not in any way restricting the US military in pursuing our national interest in keeping us safe. What we are doing is making sure we aren't allied with the Saudis in a civil war in which America has no stake, and worse, where we're being blamed for human rights abuses."
Khanna and their main co-authors of the House bill — Republicans Thomas Massie of Kentucky and Walter Jones of North Carolina, and Democrat Mark Pocan of Wisconsin — are looking forward to the vote on their resolution.
Khanna says the vote may be two-and-a-half years late, but now will draw attention to the problem of the executive branch fighting undeclared wars. Trump is not the first president to take military action without consulting Congress. In recent years, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama did the same.
“It's done without informing the American people, and it's done precisely that way because these leaders know that they would not get the consent of the American people,” they say. “So my goal in Congress with this resolution is to help bring greater transparency — and greater accountability — to our foreign policy. And let the American people weigh in.”
This article has been updated. The bill had been expected to come to a vote the week of October 9. On October 11 the bill's co-sponsors, along with the House leadership, agreed to extend the deadline. A spokesperson for Congressman Khanna's office says, "The earliest a vote would occur is November 2."
A sleepless night and day of drama over, I should congratulate Jeremy Corbyn and their team on a fantastic job done. This really was a watershed election. I suspect that what happened is that the mainstream media realised it is losing influence, and tried to compensate by becoming so shrill and biased it simply lost all respect. This election may be the one where social media finally routed the press barons. They may in turn start to wonder if it is worth sinking millions into a newspaper if it can't buy an election
New media beat old media, the insurgents routed the establishment, the young insisted the old also consider their opinion, hope beat fear, altruism wrestled with selfishness, and I would personally go so far as to say good stood up to evil. The result against the combined power of state and media was fantastic. We have nonetheless still got Theresa May as PM propped up by climate change denying, misogynist, creationist, homophobe, anti-abortion terrorist-linked knuckle-draggers from the DUP. But cheer up, it won't last long.
Tomorrow I will publish an article on the SNP. It is on the stocks, but I want to look at it again when my anger dies down. But for now, let me think about the Blairites.
The Blairites hate Labour's good result, even though it saved their own jobs. They had put so much work into preparing the ground for their next coup attempt against Corbyn. There was a fascinating campaign to demoralise Labour chances undertaken by Blairite MPs and the Blairite Westminster commentariat.
Here for example was Michael Savage, political editor of the Observer.
Here was my response.
Their Guardian colleague Polly Toynbee was on the BBC on Thursday morning explaining coming defeat would be Corbyn's fault, and their colleague Anne Perkins, the Guardian leader writer whose soul is but a shrivelled husk of right wing hate, wrote the most horrible diatribe in the Guardian on Tuesday advising “Corbyn supporters” not to hope.
These Blairite journalists and the Blairite politicians all live in the same bubble where everybody hates Jeremy Corbyn, and nobody will vote for left wing policies.
Labour Uncut, aka Corbyn Hate Central, had a wonderfully delusional piece by the ludicrous Atul Hatwal, who went and visited a lot of Blairites all over the place and published their firm conclusion that everybody hates Jeremy Corbyn.
Just over two weeks ago I posted a projection of huge losses for Labour – over 90 seats – based on dozens of conversations with activists, candidates and officials who cumulatively had sight of tens of thousands of canvass returns.
Since then, I've continued those conversations as Labour has apparently surged in the polls.
In every seat, canvassers are encountering lifelong Labour supporters who still identify with the party but not Jeremy Corbyn. This group tends to have voted for Ed Miliband reluctantly and are now either sitting out this contest or ready to vote Tory for the first time to prevent a Corbyn premiership.
These switchers represent a new generation of shy Tories, located deep inside Labour's core vote. They are embarrassed at voting Tory, sufficiently so to deny their intent to friends, families and pollsters. Some of the older Labour officials and campaigners have reported familiar doorstep cadences from 1992 – “It's in the eyes,” one said to me.
But Hatwul is not alone in their drooling imbecility. If anything they are out-drooled by Jason Cowley, the editor who has dragged the New Statesman to the right of the Economist. Both Cowley and Perkins quote Hatwul's “research” and Cowley on Tuesday expected a “catastrophic” loss of 90 seats. It is a shame that a magazine with a great history has come to be edited by a bigot so blinkered they have lost the faculties of perception. This is funny from Cowley's anti Corbyn hate fest – written just three days ago:
In recent days, I have been speaking to Labour candidates, including those defending small majorities in marginal seats, as well as to activists. The picture emerging is bleaker than the polls would suggest and the mood is one of foreboding: candidates expect to lose scores of seats on Thursday. There's a sense, too, that two campaigns have been conducted simultaneously: candidates with majorities under 10,000 are trying to hold back the Tory tide, while Corbyn is, as some perceive it, already contesting the next leadership contest – one in which, at present, they are the sole candidate.
What a stupid arse Cowley is. Do read the whole thing, they are hilariously wrong on all counts. Anybody can make a mistake. But Cowley is making a dishonest mistake. Blinded by Blairite affections, consumed by a passionate rejection of the idea that socialism might be popular, the Labour candidates they have spoken too share their Blairite outlook and they were all engaged in a circle of delusion. A circle which includes Laura Kuenssberg, who at the start of the BBC election night coverage assured us that senior Labour figures they knew had been telling them from the doorstep that the anti-Corbyn reaction would belie the opinion polls.
This was all of course intended to be self-fulfilling prophecy. The Blairites and their media fellow travellers were engaged in a deliberate attempt to reinforce the Corbyn bogeyman narrative to the public in the last few days before the election. They were deliberately trying to make the party they ostensibly supported lose, so they could take back control of it again. The Manchester Evening News claimed “Labour insiders” as the course of its nonsense story that Labour stood to lose seats in Manchester owing to its stance on anti-Semitism.
The BBC were quick today to suggest that Corbyn should use their success to broaden their cabinet and their policy platform, to bring the Blairites back onboard. They meant that if they squeeze themselves inside the Overton window they may win power eventually. I remain confident Corbyn will ignore any such blandishments and go on to further develop a radical alternative to neo-liberal policies. The Blairites need to be stamped out, not encouraged.
The parliamentary boundary review will now be a top legislative priority for May as it is reckoned to be a net advantage to the Tories of 18 seats at the next election, which may be soon. That will be an interesting negotiation with the DUP as it will cost them a seat. But the boundary review provides the perfect opportunity for Corbyn to force through compulsory re-submission of candidates to members. Jeremy also needs to concentrate on seizing the institutional control of the party that they lack to date. Their enhanced prestige at the moment needs to be ruthlessly exploited.
I rather hope we will hear a good deal more bleating by the Blairites in the near future, as they are hurtled towards political oblivion.
Liked this article? Please consider sharing (links below). Then View All Latest Posts
Asian Immigrants Outnumber Europeans for the First Time
It has been a direction the country has been intentionally steering towards for decades, however now it seems Australia can truly call itself an ‘Asian Nation'.
The 2016 census figures reveal that China, India and the Philippines now account for more foreign-born residents than the traditional birthplaces of England, New Zealand and Europe.
The census reports that more than a quarter of Australians – 26.3 per cent, up from 24.6 per cent in 2011 – were born overseas in 2016, and even second-generation Aussies will soon be the minority.
Nearly half of Australian residents had at least one parent who hailed from a different country.
In the five-year gap between 2011 and 2016, an additional 1.3 million new migrants – mostly from China and India – called Australia home. As a whole, Australia experienced an 8.8 per cent population increase since 2011.
Migrants now make up 28 per cent of the populations of New South Wales and Victoria, and 32 per cent of the population in Western Australia.
Tasmania is the least migrant-populated state, at 12 per cent, and recorded the highest English-speaking only population of 88 per cent.
There's also been an increase in the number of Australians shying away from religion.
Up from 22 per cent in 2011, 30 per cent of the population identified as having ‘no religion' in 2016.
But, while Australians are turning away from Christian religions (Catholic and Anglican being two of the biggest), there's been a massive leap in other religions since the 90s.
Hinduism has undergone a 533 per cent increase since 1991, Buddhism has leapt 200 per cent, and Islam has increased by 160 per cent.
Despite Australia becoming more culturally diverse, the ‘typical' Aussie still remains much the same as five years ago.
They are female, 38 years-old, married with two kids and a mortgage, earn around $662 a week, English and of Australian descent.
The average age is up from 37 years-old in 2011 as Australia's population continues to age.
The number of over 65s increased by nearly 665,000 people in 2016, but the average age of Asian immigrants is typically much younger, helping to steady the rise.
Last year's census was the first that gave Australians the option to complete it online, and despite the ABS website's notorious crash, 63 per cent of the population opted for the paperless version.
It would be tempting to laugh at Tony Abbott's feelings about how carbon dioxide is secretly good for humanity, and their insights into the goat sacrificing habits of primitives subduing volcano gods – except it isn't that funny.
The London outing is more strange and sad, and the strangeness and the sadness manifests itself on multiple fronts.
Let's start with strange.
The bloke who hobnobbed with the climate sceptics at Global Warming Policy Foundation is the same bloke who took a decision as prime minister to sign Australia up to the Paris international climate agreement.
Tony Abbott says climate change is 'probably doing good' Read more
He's also the same bloke who produced a set of initiatives in government which was badged as a policy to incentivise emissions reductions.
That policy still exists and it's called Direct Action.
He's also the same bloke who kept Australia's renewable energy target, while abolishing the mechanism designed to give the market certainty to make future investments in baseload power generation.
Abbott has a whole lot of feelings, and some loyal media megaphones to help them spread their singular insights, but these are basic facts they can't escape.
Abbott's record in government points to them being a “warmist” (as Andrew Bolt is fond of characterising the modest band of weirdos who don't think they know better than the world's most eminent climate scientists).
London's hardcore climate sceptics, frankly, should have laughed them out of the room.
Now let's get to sad. Abbott's climate frolic isn't about a substantive issue. It's about politics, because Australians haven't had quite enough of politics, right?
Abbott wants to cause a ruckus. They want to make enough ruckus to constrain Malcolm Turnbull from producing a sensible energy policy.
The lightbulb moment he's trying to manufacture for colleagues is simple: the Abbott rationale is we can win the next election like I won the election in 2013 – by belting Labor on climate and energy policy.
The country, the national interest, actually needs the major parties to come to terms and settle the climate wars which have generated the current problems we are all experiencing in the energy market, and settle them in sensible fashion.
But politicians behind in the polls like to win elections.
Put simply, Abbott's pitch is an appeal to baser instincts – a pitch that prolonged polarisation serves the Coalition's immediate interests.
The former prime minister has also positioned themselves in the public domain as a critical player in Turnbull's ultimate settlement of energy policy, when the truth is all the heavy lifting on the new policy is happening completely outside Abbott's orbit.
The actual decision makers in the government are heads down bums up on the new investment framework, swerving around the many obstacles, trying to land something vaguely credible, which doesn't blow up the Coalition.
That's the objective. Whether the government can produce something credible, given one of the core objectives has to be not blowing up the Coalition, is at this point seriously moot.
Meanwhile, Abbott's persistent wrecking tactics allow Labor to claim with a veneer of truth and credibility that the former prime minister is driving the government's energy policy rather than Turnbull – elevating their status from fringe agitprop activist to centre-stage.
In politics that sort of caper is called frontrunning, but I struggle for a word to adequately characterise that behaviour.
Perhaps we can just keep it nice, and say cynical?
Frequently Asked Questions // Skill Builder BOM
Next year is quickly approaching, will you be participating in the 2015 Skill Builder Block of the Month? Are you considering joining, but nervous, scared or have questions? Well today I want to answer a few FAQ's about the Skill Builder BOM and next years Technicolor Galaxy quilt, to help you decide whether or not this block of the month is the fit for you.
About Skill Builder BOM
What is Skill Builder Block of the Month (BOM)?
The Skill Builder Block of the Month (BOM) is a monthly quilt-as-you-go block of the month, taught online by myself, Alyssa Lichner of Pile O' Fabric. It started in 2013, at the end of each year I present the upcoming year's quilt design. This coming years Skill Builder BOM quilt is called Technicolor Galaxy.
What is the Purpose?
The purpose of the Skill Builder BOM is to challenge quilters of all skill levels, whether beginner or advanced, to step out of their comfort zone and try new techniques. You can read even more about my heart for the Skill Builder BOM in my recent blog post "Purpose of Skill Building".
What is the End Goal?
The end goal is that quilters walk away with a bit more experience than then did at the start. And of course end up with an awesome quilt!
About the 2015 Technicolor Galaxy Quilt
What techniques will we learn making the Technicolor Galaxy Quilt?
Lets break the quilt down into parts and I will explain each technique we will be using throughout the year.
Block #1: Color Wheel using Bias Applique
The Color Wheel appears to have a bunch of curves, but this block doesn't require any curves piecing! For this block we will be using bias applique. This technique is often used for stain glass or celtic quilt designs, it is not a hard technique just a little tedious. Check out this Clover video, which will give you a really good idea of the method we will be using.
Block #2: Star Points, Block #3: Piano Keys, Block #4: Scattered Geese using Foundation Paper Piecing
There are a total of twelve-Star Point "blocks" these make up the second ring on the quilt. Then there are four each of the Piano Keys and Scattered Geese "blocks". All of these blocks are pieced using classic foundation paper piecing. Foundation paper piecing is a really great technique to use when you want to achieve precision, making it perfect for points and stars. Heres how it works…A reversed template (basically lines that are numbered) of the design is printed onto a foundation. The most commonly used foundation is classic printer paper. If you purchase the pre-printed templates with this class you will be using a leave-in, wash-away stabilizer for piecing. Next, you either pre-cut your fabrics to an approximate size or use scraps and sew your fabric to the foundation following the lines and numbering on the template. You will be sewing, flipping, pressing, sewing, flipping, pressing until the foundation template is covered. This technique can be a little challenging when you first begin. I have found that it really just takes practice and you will make mistakes, but that is how you grow. After a few blocks the technique just "clicks" and you will have it down pat. By the end of these blocks you should be a paper piecing master.
Block #5: Arrowheads using Raw-Edge Fusible Applique
There are a total of four Arrowhead "blocks". For these blocks we will be using basic raw-edge fusible applique. The Arrowhead fabrics are fused to a fusible web (like Pellon® Wonder-Under), then the Arrowheads shapes are cut out of the fabric. Using a placement guide the Arrowheads are fused to a background fabric and then stitched around the edges. This technique is easy and quick.
Block #6: Orange Peels using Turned-Edge Applique
There are a total of four Orange Peel "blocks". For these blocks we will be using turned-edge applique. This is similar to the previous technique as it is still applique, but the edges of the petals are turned to the wrong side instead of being "raw". The petals are then glued to the background fabric and secured with stitching. This technique is a bit more tedious than raw-edge applique.
Block #7: Hexie Flowers using English Paper Piecing
There are a total of four Hexie Flower "blocks". For these blocks we will be using english paper piecing. This technique can be done on the go, I sometimes take english paper piecing projects to the park or in the car. First fabric is basted to a hexagon foundation (again paper or stabilizer can be used) then each hexagon is sewn together by hand using a ladder or whip stitch. I myself am not a huge fan of hand sewing and I know many others are not either, so in addition to learning the classic technique I will be showing you some alternative ideas for piecing your hexie flowers using techniques more like machine applique.
Block #8: Moons using Curves Piecing
There are a total of four Moon "blocks". For these blocks we will be making inset circles using freezer paper. I know curves can be very intimidating, but sewing inset curves using this technique is really so much easier than it looks, so don't be scared!
Block #9: Background Corners using Improvisational Piecing
The four background corners of the quilt will be pieced using improvisational techniques. The wonky stars will be completely unique to your quilt by stitching and flipping at any degree. This technique is more relaxed and doesn't require any piecing templates.
Block #10: Background Centers using Strip Piecing
The four background centers of the quilt will be pieced using basic strip piecing and then they will be trimmed down with a freezer paper template.
Free Motion Quilting and Quilt-As-You-Go
Every month after you have finished piecing your blocks you will move right on to quilting them. Each block will be turned into a mini quilt sandwich (backing, batting, block) and quilted one by one. Using a quilt-as-you-go method for making quilts eliminates the hassle of quilting a large quilt on a little machine. For those of you who are new to free motion quilting, at the beginning of the year I will start off by sharing some helpful tips and faqs for brand-new machine quilters. At the end of the year we will take all of our finished blocks and start joining them together using a binding joints method (also used in Skill Builder BOM 2013). You will not be piecing each block together with a billion pins and tackling a ton of curves!
About the Online Class
When are BOM Lessons Posted?
Every month a new lesson (much like the format of a blog post) is posted to the private class at pileofabric.com. Participants are emailed each time a new lesson is posted. These lessons include step-by-step photo instructions, sometimes videos, piecing templates and suggestions for machine quilting. Each lesson comes with a PDF which can be downloaded, printed and at your side while you sew.
How long will I have access to the class lessons?
Pile O' Fabric classes are made to be available for years. Life can be hectic and sewing is usually just a hobby, so if you don't finish your quilt during the year no worries, you can continue to work on in the future by accessing the online lessons and videos.
What is in the e-book?
At the end of the year you will receive an pdf e-book, this e-book has all the lessons from the year compiled with a table of contents. Last year the e-book ended up at over 200+ pages filled with helpful information on different techniques.
Is the class fee a one-time fee or monthly?
The class fee is a one-time fee. The price varies from year to year depending on the quilt design.
I hope this answers most of your questions about the Skill Builder BOM, if you have further questions feel free to email me at alyssa@pileofabric.com. I hope you will be sewing along with me next year!
Join the Skill Builder BOM
Alyssa
Two-time Tony Award nominee Joshua Henry will lead the Chicago company of Hamilton as Aaron Burr, it has been announced by producer Jeffrey Seller. Henry, who made their Broadway debut in IN THE HEIGHTS, received Tony Award nominations for their roles in VIOLET and THE SCOTTSBORO BOYS and just concluded the Broadway run of SHUFFLE ALONG where they created the role of "Noble Sissle."
Mr. Seller also announced that Mandy Gonzalez, who created the role of "Nina Rosario" in the Tony Award-winning musical IN THE HEIGHTS and can currently be seen in on the hit TV shows "Madam Secretary" and "Quantico," will return to Broadway and the Richard Rodgers Theater (226 West 46th St.) in October as the brilliant and beautiful Angelica Schuyler in the 11-time Tony Award-winning musical Hamilton. They succeed Renée Elise Goldsberry who won the 2016 Tony Award for the role. Goldsberry's final performance and Gonzalez's debut will be announced at a later date.
Jonathan Kirkland, who recently appeared in the Encores production of Cabin in the Sky and NBC "Shades of Blue," will play George Washington. The Chicago company will also include SAM ABERMAN, JOSE AMOR, AMBER ARDOLINO, Remmie Bourgeois, CHLOË CAMPBELL, Joseph Chaikin, CARL CLEMONS-HOPKINS, John Michael Fiumara, JEAN GODSEND FLORADIN, AARON GORDON, Jin Ha, Holly James, MALIK KITCHEN, Colby Lewis, Dashi Mitchell, JUSTICE MOORE, Samantha Pollino, Emmy Raver-Lampman, Gabriella Sorrentino, and Aubin Wise.
As previously announced, other principal roles in Hamilton in Chicago will be played by Ari Afsar as Eliza Hamilton; Miguel Cervantes as Alexander Hamilton; Alexander Gemignani as King George III, Chris Lee as Marquis de Lafayette/Thomas Jefferson; Joseph Morales as Mr. Cervantes' alternate; Tony Award-winner Karen Olivo as Angelica Schuyler,Jose Ramos as John Laurens/Phillip Hamilton; Wallace Smith as Hercules Mulligan/James Madison, and Samantha Marie Ware as Peggy Schuyler/Maria Reynolds.
Performances begin September 27 at the PrivateBank Theatre in Chicago (18 W. Monroe). For more information, visit www.BroadwayinChicago.com.
Joshua Henry recently filmed a starring role in the Luc Besson action-thriller The Lake opposite J.K. Simmons and Sullivan Stapleton which will premiere worldwide in January of 2017. Their other film and television credits include Sex and the City the Movie, Winter's Tale, and season 7 of "Army Wives."
A Drama Desk and OBIE Award-winning actor, Mandy Gonzalez possesses one of the most powerful and versatile contemporary voices of our time. Perhaps best known for their emotional portrayal of Nina Rosario in the original cast of Lin-Manuel Miranda's Tony Award-winning hit musical In the Heights, Gonzalez also starred as Elphaba in the Broadway production of Wicked. Most recently, Mandy has recurred on the hit Television shows "Madam Secretary" (Lucy Knox) and "Quantico" (Agent Susan Combs). Other Broadway roles include Princess Amneris in Aida; Lennon; and Sarah in the original cast of Dance of the Vampires. Other Television credits include guest appearances on "Doubt," "The Good Wife," "White Collar," and "666 Park Avenue." Film credits include Viral, Over/Under, After, Man on a Ledge, and Across the Universe. Mandy has performed with prestigious symphonies across the country and around the world, and is currently working on their first solo CD, set to release in 2017.
With book, music and lyrics by Lin-Manuel Miranda, direction by Thomas Kail, choreography by Andy Blankenbuehler, music direction/orchestrations by Alex Lacamoire, Hamilton is based on Ron Chernow's biography of Founding Father Alexander Hamilton. The musical won eleven 2016 Tony Awards including Best Musical, Score, Book of a Musical, Direction of a Musical, Choreography and Orchestrations. Mr. Miranda received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama for Hamilton.
HAMILTON is the story of America's Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, an immigrant from the West Indies who became George Washington's right-hand man during the Revolutionary War, and was the new nation's first Treasury Secretary. Featuring a score that blends hip-hop, jazz, blues, rap, R&B and Broadway, Hamilton is the story of America then, told by America now.
The musical is produced by Jeffrey Seller, Sander Jacobs, Jill Furman and The Public Theater.
The Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording - recipient of the 2016 Grammy for Best Musical Theatre Album and a regular on numerous Billboard top 10 lists - is available everywhere nationwide.
HAMILTON: The Revolution, Lin-Manuel Miranda and Jeremy McCarter's book about the making of the musical, is on sale and has been a selection on The New York Times Best Seller List.
The musical celebrates its 1st anniversary on Broadway at the Richard Rodgers Theatre on August 6. A touring production begins a 21-week run in San Francisco in March 2017, followed by a 21-week engagement in Los Angeles. A London production will be mounted, also in 2017.
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
Raury added that they wanted to do something to call out Trump's recent disparaging comments about immigrants, especially since September is Hispanic heritage month. Trump's comments about building a massive wall along the US-Mexico border to keep immigrants out "just feed into this negativity," Raury said, adding, "I'm all about love."
"Trump embodies separation, solving problems with anger, fear, and personal differences," Raury told VICE News backstage before the taping. "I'm all about the opposite, about being inclusive and open."
Raury said that as soon as they heard they were going to perform on the Late Show the same night that Donald Trump was the guest, they decided that they wanted to make a statement.
Minutes before they were set to perform in front of the live studio audience, Raury quietly changed into a bright green Mexico soccer jersey with the name Trump emblazoned on the back. The candidate's name was slashed out with a bright red X.
Not many young musicians would choose to use their first national television performance to call out the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination. But that's exactly what Raury — a 19-year-old rapper from Atlanta — did during Tuesday's taping of The Late Show With Stephen Colbert .
Read more
Not many young musicians would choose to use their first national television performance to call out the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination. But that's exactly what Raury — a 19-year-old rapper from Atlanta — did during Tuesday's taping of The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.
Minutes before they were set to perform in front of the live studio audience, Raury quietly changed into a bright green Mexico soccer jersey with the name Trump emblazoned on the back. The candidate's name was slashed out with a bright red X.
Raury said that as soon as they heard they were going to perform on the Late Show the same night that Donald Trump was the guest, they decided that they wanted to make a statement.
"Trump embodies separation, solving problems with anger, fear, and personal differences," Raury told VICE News backstage before the taping. "I'm all about the opposite, about being inclusive and open."
Raury added that they wanted to do something to call out Trump's recent disparaging comments about immigrants, especially since September is Hispanic heritage month. Trump's comments about building a massive wall along the US-Mexico border to keep immigrants out "just feed into this negativity," Raury said, adding, "I'm all about love."
Related: Hispanic Republicans Speak Out Against Donald Trump, Blast Their 'Idiocy'
Raury backstage wearing their Mexico jersey. (Photo by Olivia Becker/VICE News)
Trump did not get a chance to respond to Raury's message. The candidate and their entourage left before Raury appeared on stage and were not immediately available to comment.
Raury's music blends alternative rock and hip-hop, and their lyrics are frequently infused with social justice messages. Their song "Fly" was recorded in response to the news that Darren Wilson was not indicted for shooting unarmed black teenager Michael Brown last year in Ferguson, Missouri.
"I'll always have something to say, especially when it affects me, like police brutality or giving the police any more power," Raury said, noting that they are especially opposed to Trump's calls to further militarize the US-Mexico border.
Whatever the public reaction to Raury's statement when the broadcast is aired Tuesday night, the audience at the Ed Sullivan Theater was unambiguous in its support. The crowd exploded in cheers when Raury turned around to show off Trump's crossed-out name.
After their performance, Raury handed Colbert — who also was unaware of the jersey stunt — an identical Mexico jersey of their own. The host turned it over apprehensively, and then grinned when they saw "Colbert" written on the back without an X.
Backstage, Raury's entourage yelled and hugged. Toasting their team, the rapper said proudly, "Tonight is for Mexico."
Follow Olivia Becker on Twitter: @obecker928
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Two studies released in the past six months have questioned whether Canada's local governments are getting value for their policing dollars. In March, the Macdonald-Laurier Institute concluded "despite rapidly rising costs, Canadians are not getting all the police they pay for."
With policing costs consuming larger portions of cities' operating budgets each year, city councils are being forced to make increasingly difficult choices between passing on those growing costs to taxpayers through tax increases or cutting spending on items such as infrastructure and recreation. Fearful of taxpayer backlash over tax hikes, they often take the easy way out, slashing allotments for pools, potholes and other vital needs.
The exploding cost of policing is something municipalities throughout Canada are grappling with. Between 2001 and 2012, total spending on policing grew from $7.3 billion to $13.5 billion -- a whopping 85 per cent.
BRANDON -- It is the issue no mayoral or city council candidate wants to talk about, and yet it is the budgetary challenge that will most confound them should they be elected.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 25/9/2014 (1614 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 25/9/2014 (1614 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
BRANDON — It is the issue no mayoral or city council candidate wants to talk about, and yet it is the budgetary challenge that will most confound them should they be elected.
The exploding cost of policing is something municipalities throughout Canada are grappling with. Between 2001 and 2012, total spending on policing grew from $7.3 billion to $13.5 billion — a whopping 85 per cent.
With policing costs consuming larger portions of cities' operating budgets each year, city councils are being forced to make increasingly difficult choices between passing on those growing costs to taxpayers through tax increases or cutting spending on items such as infrastructure and recreation. Fearful of taxpayer backlash over tax hikes, they often take the easy way out, slashing allotments for pools, potholes and other vital needs.
Two studies released in the past six months have questioned whether Canada's local governments are getting value for their policing dollars. In March, the Macdonald-Laurier Institute concluded "despite rapidly rising costs, Canadians are not getting all the police they pay for."
"Canada's police are pricing themselves out of business," the report said. "Police budgets have increased at a rate double that of GDP over the past decade, while calls from the public for service have remained stable. Police associations have been happy to stoke public fears about safety, but the correlation between numbers of officers, crime rates, and response times has long been shown to be spurious."
Earlier this week, a report released by the Fraser Institute questioned whether many of Canada's cities have too many police officers. The report's author, Livio Di Matteo, concluded "taxpayers can face higher costs for police than the crime rate or other socio-economic factors warrant."
Di Matteo found Manitoba has more police officers per capita than any other province and Winnipeg, with 189 officers per 100,000 citizens in 2013, was tied with Thunder Bay for the highest ratio in the country. Though Brandon was not examined in the study, its ratio is 174 officers per 100,000 citizens. Both cities are well above the national median of 160 officers.
It was also revealed earlier this year that police officers in Brandon and Winnipeg are among the highest-paid in Canada. Indeed, of the 67 City of Brandon employees who earned six figures last year, 45 were members of the Brandon Police Service. That means more than half of Brandon's 85 cops earned in excess of $100,000 — and that was before the latest wage increase.
With numbers like that, the escalating cost of policing and its impact on other important areas of annual operating budgets should be dominating the election campaign agenda in each city. But it isn't. And it's not because there is a shortage of ideas.
Indeed, the Macdonald-Laurier Institute argues "a great deal of work now done by highly trained, well-paid, and experienced uniformed officers is only tangentially related to law enforcement and could be done as well or better and more cheaply by someone else, freeing police to do their core job." They recommend having forces share or contract dispatch, tactical teams, forensics, media relations, background checks and investigations.
Some American jurisdictions have already "civilianized" a number of activities traditionally performed by police officers, including the use of lower-cost civilian investigators for non-violent crimes, resulting in a significant amount of savings.
Given the size of potential savings, and the demand for spending on other pressing needs, why isn't a single candidate for mayor or council in either Winnipeg or Brandon talking about this issue and proposing solutions?
The answer is obvious. Promising to put more "boots on the ground" is a vote-getter, but being labelled as "soft on crime" and incurring the wrath of the local police union can kill a campaign. Every candidate knows that, and that explains the silence about a budget issue that will become even more serious over time.
Nobody wants politicians meddling in the operations of police departments, and there is a plausible argument the reduced crime rate is because of the extra officers, but there is a pressing need for dialogue and debate about how Manitoba's two largest cities can continue to afford to explode policing costs, and whether there are more affordable options available.
If we can't have that discussion during an election campaign, when is the right time?
Deveryn Ross is a political commentator living in Brandon.
deverynrossletters@gmail.com Twitter: @deverynross
By Rob Moseley
Editor, GoDucks.com
As the Oregon defense fought through growing pains over the course of the 2015 regular season, there was always a dependable rock setting the tone on the defensive line.
Pac-12 head coaches acknowledged as much Tuesday, bestowing the conference's Pat Tillman Defensive Player of the Year Award upon UO senior defensive end DeForest Buckner. He's the second conference player of the year in UO history, following in the footsteps of defensive tackle Haloti Ngata in 2005.
Buckner, widely regarded as a potential top-10 pick in the 2016 NFL draft, was second in the Pac-12 during the regular season with 9.5 sacks, and third with 16 tackles for loss. They enter the postseason with 76 tackles, second on the team behind linebacker Joe Walker (82).
“We're extremely pleased that our conference recognized what we've always believed,” UO defensive coordinator Don Pellum said. “DeFo is a tremendous person, teammate and competitor. He's the best, and we couldn't be happier for him.”
Stanford all-purpose back Christian McCaffrey was named offensive player of the year, and the coach of the year award was shared by Mike Leach of Washington State and David Shaw of Stanford. UCLA quarterback Josh Rosen and USC linebacker Cameron Smith were named first-year student of the year on their respective sides of the ball.
The Pac-12's scholar-athlete of the year was Arizona State quarterback Mike Bercovici. Oregon offensive lineman Tyler Johnstone also was a candidate.
Buckner passed up the chance to enter the 2015 NFL draft in order to return to school and finish their degree, which he's in line to do at the conclusion of the fall quarter. They currently stand ninth in UO history with 35 career tackles for loss, and has 17 sacks, one short of making the career top-10 list.
But their impact transcended statistics. Buckner was the emotional leader of the Oregon defense, setting the tone daily with their work ethic in practice and their accountability as the Ducks battled to come of age over the course of the season.
“I'm just honored to have received such a prestigious award, because I know there are several other defensive players within the conference that could have been chosen,” Buckner said. “Being the one selected to receive the award is a blessing. I also know that none of this would have happened if it weren't for the help and guidance of my coaches and teammates, so I'm truly thankful.”
Thearon W. Henderson/Getty
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has doubled down on their support of the Raiders' relocation bid to Las Vegas, telling a Dallas radio station on Tuesday that they believe the move is "pretty definitive."
In October, the Nevada state senate approved a bill that would pledge $750 million in public money toward the $1.7 billion, 65,000-seat stadium.
Mark Davis, the owner the Raiders, has pledged $500 million toward the stadium, while billionaire Las Vegas casino mogul Sheldon Adelson has pledged an additional $650 million.
But before the Raiders can pack their bags for Sin City, 24 of the 32 NFL owners must approve of the relocation. Jones, who has long been a vocal supporter of having an NFL franchise in Las Vegas, is also among the most powerful owners in football.
Here's what they had to say about the move (courtesy of CBS Sports):
"Really if you look at the history of teams moving, this is pretty definitive. There's a pretty bright line right there. They've provided for a team, the most funding that's ever been funded from third parties," Jones said. "So that's about as strong, L.A. never really had that powerful of influence, I'll put it that way. Which is over $700 million of initial contribution from the state of Nevada and the city of Las Vegas. That's pretty strong. Vegas has a lot going for it. I think it's going to really have, a real, if you will, strong case to get an NFL football team. I know that Oakland, certainly, was approved to move earlier this year.
Jones' endorsement does not guarantee the move, of course. Roger Goodell has said they would like to see the Raiders remain in Oakland, and reports have suggested the majority of the NFL owners feel the same way. While gambling is often cited as the primary reason NFL owners want to stay out of Vegas, the fact that the Las Vegas TV market is significantly smaller than Oakland's is reportedly a big drawback, too.
Adelson, meanwhile, has offered mixed signals in their support of Vegas. Despite their initial pledge of $650 million, they recently told Reuters that they are willing to walk away from the deal entirely.
"I negotiated to bring in the Oakland Raiders, an NFL football team from Oakland, because they don't have a stadium there, that I would build a stadium and rent it out to the Oakland Raiders," Adelson said.
"They want so much," Adelson added. "So I told my people, 'Tell them I could live with the deal, I could live without the deal. Here's the way it's gonna go down. If they don't want it, bye-bye.'"
In other words, it's still not yet a sure thing that a vote will even take place in January.
But one can never underestimate Jones, especially not after Stan Kroenke moved the Rams to Los Angeles. A lot still has to happen between now and January. For now, Jones' continued public support of Vegas is nothing but good news for Mark Davis.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool FC have no intention of selling Martin Skrtel this summer.
The 28-year-old has started just one Premier League game since the defeat to Manchester United in January and speculation about their Anfield future has continued to grow.
But with Daniel Agger injured the Slovakian defender is set to earn a recall against Fulham on Sunday. .
The Liverpool manager explained that Skrtel lost their place to Jamie Carragher because they felt the side needed leadership and organisation and Rodgers says they remain part of their plans for next season.
Carragher retires at the end of the campaign and Liverpool have already started to line their replacement with the club interested in Swansea City's Ashley Williams and Toby Alderweireld of Ajax.
But Rodgers wants Skrtel to be part of their defensive options for the new season and has praised the way they have responded to being dropped.
“It has been difficult for them and I've acknowledged and recognised that,” Rodgers told the ECHO.
“The great professional they are means their focus has been outstanding and he's trained very, very hard everyday and has been there when he's been required.
“We made the change a few months back and I think Jamie Carragher has arguably been one of the best defenders in the league and Daniel Agger has been fresh and played very well.
“It has been unfortunate for Martin but they have been a loyal member of the squad and is still very much part of my plans here.
“He's happy here, he's not in any rush to leave but players want to play. I haven't had any concerns with Martin at all, their attitude has been first class.
“It is important they know where they stand and they know where they stand.
“He is very much a part of what we are trying to do here.
“We are trying to build up a group with a winning mentality and he's got a winning mentality. It's just unfortunate they lost their place.
“It wasn't so much through their form, it was just I felt we needed more of an organiser and a leader.”
Rodgers believes Skrtel has the ability to develop those aspects of their game.
“You can become a leader but I also think it is something a lot of people are born with,” they said.
“He is certainly a player we want to keep and we have no ideas of selling him.  They are an important member of our group.”
Rodgers, meanwhile, has reiterated that goalkeeper Pepe Reina is not for sale. The Spanish stopper was again linked with a move away from Anfield this week with reports suggestion Barcelona are ready to launch an £8.4m bid.
"It's that silly season now that starts up all the rumours and whatnot but Pepe's not for sale.
"He's got three years left on their contract here, he's happy and obviously there's speculation but it's not worth commenting on."
ALLENTOWN — Police officer Joseph M. Iannetta delivered a professional wrestling-style kick to the head of an armed robbery suspect during a 2015 arrest that left the man with a broken jaw, according to a federal lawsuit accusing the city of covering up the officer's alleged abuses.
Iannetta received no discipline after the arrest, which left Hector Medina-Pena hospitalized for three days, the suit claims. The incident was captured on a dashboard camera in Iannetta's vehicle, the suit says.
The video was included as discovery in Medina-Pena's criminal case. A 45-second portion of the 22-minute video can be viewed here.
The city's attorney said police commanders reviewed Iannetta's conduct during the arrest and found it "appropriate under the circumstances."
The suit also claims Inanetta's alleged use of excessive force during Medina-Pena's May 30, 2015, arrest is part of a pattern of violence and constitutional violations by Iannetta over the course of a decade that has not resulted in discipline by the city, effectively condoning and encouraging their conduct.
The suit notes that Iannetta was a defendant in a 2013 federal civil rights lawsuit that the city settled last month for $350,000.
Medina-Pena's suit claims Iannetta was the subject of 14 investigations about abuse, in-custody injuries and use of force between 2006 and 2016, none of which resulted in discipline, the suit claims.
Iannetta's alleged misconduct is the result of city officials' failure to properly train officers and turning a blind eye to misconduct, allowing such behavior to become part of the police department's policies and customs, the suit claims.
Allentown attorney Joshua Karoly, who represents Medina-Pena, declined comment.
"The video speaks louder than I ever could," they said.
City solicitor Susan Ellis Wild said Iannetta is a 14 1/2 year veteran of the Allentown Police Department and has received more than the required training. Iannetta has been commended for merit and bravery and serves as an instructor in the police academy and commander of the emergency response team, they said.
"The actions of officer Iannetta have been thoroughly reviewed by command staff and the solicitor's office and found to be appropriate under the circumstances. We look forward to the evidence in this case demonstrating that their actions were appropriate," Wild said in an email.
In addition to Iannetta, the suit names as defendants officer Patrick Bull, former police Chief Joel Fitzgerald Jr., Mayor Ed Pawlowski and the city itself.
Medina-Pena, 33, of Allentown pleaded guilty to robbery before Lehigh County Judge Maria L. Dantos in May and was sentenced on June 27 to 41/2 to 10 years in a state prison.
The robbery at Platinum Plus on Airport Road occurred shortly before Medina-Pena's arrest. According to a police report, staff at the club called police around 6:30 p.m. to report that a man showed the cashier what appeared to be a gun in their waistband and said "give me all the money or I'll kill you." The cashier handed over $1,594, the report said.
The lawsuit says witnesses said the man fled with three other men in a black sport utililty vehicle with writing on the rear window. Allentown police officer James Nuskey spotted the vehicle near Third Street and Union Boulevard a short time later and called for backup. As officers signaled for the vehicle to stop, one of the occupants tossed a black bag filled with cash out of a window during a "very brief vehicle pursuit," according to the suit.
Witnesses from Platinum Plus were brought to the scene and identified the men as the ones who fled the club after the robbery, the report states.
The police report states that all the men were "detained," but makes no mention of any force used in the arrest.
According to the report, the three men with Medina-Pena were released after telling officers that they did not know about the robbery. Surveillance video from Platinum Plus shows Medina-Pena destroying three mirrors in a club bathroom before the robbery, the report says.
Medina-Pena's lawsuit says they were a passenger in the left rear seat of the SUV when police stopped it at South Fifth and Auburn streets. It states Medina-Pena complied with Iannetta's commands to show their hands and get out of the car, moving to the rear of the vehicle where they got down on their hands and knees in front of the officer's cruiser.
Meanwhile, the driver of the SUV complied with police instructions by displaying their hands in the driver's side window and the other two passengers lay prone beside the vehicle, the lawsuit states.
"Horrifically, while [Medina-Pena] was positioned on all fours, and defenseless, defendant Iannetta approached [Medina-Pena] with their gun drawn and performed what can only be described as a 'WWE' style kick with their booted foot to [Medina-Pena's] right side of their head and face," the lawsuit claims, referring to World Wrestling Entertainment professional wrestling to describe Iannetta's kick.
The video shows Medina-Pena collapsing to the ground. Iannetta's alleged kick was in full view of Bull, who restrained Medina-Pena on the ground while pointing their gun at the other two passengers, the suit says.
Iannetta then pulled the driver out of the SUV, taking them to the ground for other officers to handcuff, the suit alleges.
While Medina-Pena was still restrained by Bull, Iannetta dropped knee-first onto the back of Medina-Pena's head, driving their face into the road, the suit alleges.
The second blow was also in plain view of Bull, who had a duty to intervene in the alleged assault, the suit claims.
Medina-Pena was immediately searched and did not have any weapons or contraband, the suit alleges.
Paramedics transported Medina-Pena to Sacred Heart Hospital, where doctors decided to transfer them to the trauma unit at Lehigh Valley Hospital for treatment of a broken jaw and three missing teeth, among other injuries, according to the lawsuit.
Officers told investigators that Medina Pena was moving around and they believed they were reaching for a gun, defense attorney Eric Dowdle said. But, Dowdle said, their client was not armed.
Dowdle, who received the video as part of discovery and shared it with The Morning Call, called Iannetta's behavior "absolute aggression."
"That level of violence wasn't necessary. To kick them in the face hard enough to break their jaw? This man was compliant," they said.
At least someone is making money from this foreclosure racket. Bloomberg has the report, below.
But let's not get distracted by envy. We need to keep our eyes on the ball. And right now, the ball is bouncing around in a room full of spikes. There's the prickly point of China; it could puncture the US stock market any day. There are huge banks and whole foreign governments sticking out like nails. Anyone of them could flatten this ball in a matter of hours. And what about that cactus thorn…the dollar itself? What if investors finally got tired of worrying about the greenback going down? What if they decided to get out en masse? Or, imagine what would happen if Bernanke decided to defend the dollar!
But investors aren't worried. They anticipate more loose money…and more bouncy prices in stocks and commodities.
So, when the G-20 meeting ended without an agreement, they took it as an “all clear” for further gambling.
Bloomberg's headline: “US Stocks Gain as G-20 Fuels Fed Easing Speculation.”
In other words, this market is not driven by real economic growth. It's driven by the hope of fast, easy money. Pure gambling, in other words.
Not that we have anything against gambling. But when you gamble you have to realize that you're going to lose sooner or later. A coin only comes up heads so often…there are only so many aces in the deck…and the “fool” in the game is sooner or later going to be you.
Investors believe the Fed will provide the fast, easy money. And they believe they will be able to get some of it by staying with stocks and commodities. Maybe they're right. But don't bet your life savings on it.
The promise of the stock market is fundamentally as fraudulent as the promise of the welfare state. The welfare state pretends to give citizens back more, in services and benefits, than they pay in taxes. Wall Street offers gain with no pain.
But the stock market – in total, over time – cannot really grow any faster than the economy itself. “Stocks for the long run” is a scam. Because you can only get from the stock market what you would have gotten from just about any other investment. As the economy grows, so does the value of the productive assets in it. Companies don't grow faster – unless they are selling to other markets in other economies…or taking market share from companies. Overall, on average, you're only going to get from stocks what the economy allows you to get – about what you would have gotten from having your money in real estate, collectibles, or other investments.
Sometimes you'll get a bit more from stocks – even a lot more – as the stock market booms. Then, you MUST expect to get a lot less…so that the long-term performance of the stock market comes back in line with the underlying economy.
We can see this just by looking at the US stock market over the last three decades. It grew some 14 times from '82 to '07 – far outstripping the economy. But then, it needed to slow down…and even reverse. Over the last ten years, stock prices have gone nowhere. It wouldn't be surprising if they dropped 30% to 50% from here… And it wouldn't be surprising if they went nowhere over the next 10 years too.
Remember… Japan is the cutting edge market model. Japanese stocks hit a high in '90. They've been going down ever since. Twenty years of correction…in order to bring it back into line with the economy.
The US stock market will do the same thing. More or less.
That ball is going to hit a spike…it's just a matter of time.
Add/view comments on this post.
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy-related bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger, click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link above.
We're proud to introduce version 4.0.0 of Realm Java, which ships with many new features, improvements, and bug fixes. Read on to find out more about what we've added, improved, and deprecated — or head over to see what's happening on Realm Cocoa or Realm .NET!
Realm Object Server 2.0 support
Now, you can take advantage of all the benefits of ROS 2.0, including improved scalability, better performance, packaging based on npm, and the powerful new Realm Studio development tool for inspecting and administering your synchronized Realms! Beginning with this release, if you are using synchronized Realms, Realm Java will now require Realm Object Server version 2.0 or later.
If you were previously running Realm Object Server 1.x and wish to upgrade to Realm Object Server 2.0, you should read our documentation, on how to properly handle migrations on the client!
Read more about Realm Object Server 2.0 here.
Arrays of primitives
You can now store primitive types or their nullable counterparts (more specifically: String , Integer , Boolean , Float , Double , Short , Long , Byte , byte[] and Date ) directly within RealmList s. If you want to define a list of such primitive values you no longer need to define cumbersome single-field wrapper objects. Instead, you can just store the primitive values themselves!
Lists of primitive values work much the same way as lists containing objects, as the example below demonstrates.
public class Student extends RealmObject { public String name; public RealmList<Integer> testScores = new RealmList<>(); } // Retrieve a student. Realm realm = Realm.getDefaultInstance(); Student bob = realm.where(Student.class).equalTo("name", "Bob").findFirst(); // Give them a few test scores, and then print their average score. realm.beginTransaction(); bob.testScores.deleteAllFromRealm(); bob.testScores.add(94); bob.testScores.add(89); bob.testScores.add(96); realm.commitTransaction(); // in the future queries like the below will be supported bob.testScores.average() // 93.0
Check out our documentation on many-to-many relationships for more information. Note that we don't currently support querying lists of primitives, but plan to add this functionality in a future release.
Partial synchronization
We're introducing an early version of Realm's new Partial Synchronization feature. Though it's still an experimental feature that we're actively changing and improving, we think it's an important new pattern that enables much more flexible architectures on Realm.
The Realm Object Server currently keeps synchronized Realms fully synchronized, meaning that all copies of the Realm (whether on the server or device) eventually converge towards containing the same data. While this is great for most use cases, especially if you want updates on one device to be transparently reflected everywhere else, sometimes you want more control over what objects are actually synchronized from the server onto a device.
For example, you might have a large read-only Realm representing a product catalog for a massive e-commerce website, and you might only want to sync to a user's device those database entries representing some relevant subset of those products (perhaps something like “prosumer DSLR cameras made by Canon that are between $500 and $1000”).
Partial sync allows you to open a synced Realm in “partial synchronization mode.” Such a Realm won't automatically download all information on the remote server, but will instead only sync down objects that match queries you make. Once those objects are synchronized, they behave like normal synced objects. They'll update in real time based on remote changes, and any changes you make to those objects will be synced back up to the server.
Here is a toy example demonstrating what partial sync looks like in action:
// First, we specify that we want to open the Realm in partial synchronization mode (using `partialRealm()`) SyncConfiguration syncConfig = new SyncConfiguration.Builder(user, url).partialRealm().build(); Realm partialSyncRealm = Realm.getInstance(syncConfig); // Then we can subscribe to queries. // Currently queries follow NSPredicate format, but this will change in the feature // as this feature is still in beta String query = "price >= 500 AND price >= 1000 AND manufacturer == 'Canon' AND category == 'Cameras'" partialSyncRealm.subscribeToObjects(Product.class, query, new Realm.PartialSyncCallback<Product>() { // Results are returned asynchronously. @Override public void onSuccess(RealmResults<Product> results) { Product firstCamera = results.first(); System.out.println("The first product result: " + firstCamera.productName + " " + firstCamera.productDescription)"); } @Override public void onError(RealmException error) { // An error occurred while fetching the results! } });
Check out our partial synchronization documentation for more details.
Sync-related improvements
All permissions operations (retrieving permissions, applying or revoking permissions, creating or accepting permission offers) are now carried out declaratively via APIs on SyncUser.getPermissionManager() . The deprecated ROS 1.0 permissions system requiring permission and management Realms to be manually opened and inspected has been removed. See our documentation on access control for more information.
Also, Realm Object Server administrators who use the -retrieveInfoForUser:... API to retrieve information about a ROS user will now get metadata about the user stored on the server, as well as a list of all authentication provider accounts associated with that user.
API changes
A number of previously deprecated APIs have been removed. Our change log has a comprehensive table detailing what APIs have been removed or renamed, as well as what APIs should be used instead.
Thanks for reading. Now go forth and build amazing apps with Realm! As always, we're around on the Realm Forums, Stack Overflow, GitHub, or Twitter.
Bitcoin Scammers Are Targeting Hurricane Irma Victims: Beware
Reports have started to come in of scammers attempting to steal from Bitcoiners that were possibly affected by Hurricane Irma.
Also read: Bitcoin Cash Holding Steady Against Attacks From Chinese Gov't
Bitcoin Put in Danger by Hurricane Irma? Unlikely
Earlier today, a representative from Athena Bitcoin posted on Reddit that the company had received an email from a phisher attempting to trick people into giving up their bitcoins.
The Athena representative said:
Below is an email received into Athena Bitcoin from yet another Blockchain.info phishing attempt. DO NOT follow the directions of this email and make sure everyone you know who uses Blockchain is aware of phishing attempts like this! On Mon, 11 Sep at 6:05 PM , No-reply [email protected] wrote: “As Hurricane Irma moved towards Tampa, Florida, our servers in Tampa were directly in the path of the eye of Hurricane Irma. The storm heavily damaged our servers and we are experiencing massive loss of data. This loss of data will lead to loss of bitcoins and private keys stored on these servers. There is a temporary backup of this data in the same location. This temporary backup will soon go offline and all data completely lost. “Blockchain has servers located in different countries. Only accounts whose private keys and bitcoins are stored in Tampa Florida are affected by this loss. If you are getting this email from us, it means your bitcoins and private keys are stored on our servers in Tampa, Florida. Immediate action is needed from you, now, before the temporary backup goes completely offline. “All your old bitcoin addresses are stored in Tampa. We have created a new bitcoin address for you on our servers located in Ontario, Canada. You are required to move all your bitcoins now to this new address. “Your new bitcoin address is [removed for safety purposes] “After moving your bitcoins to this address, your account balance will remain the same because the address is already part of your account. You will get an email from us notifying you of the successful move of your bitcoins from Tampa, Florida to Ontario, Canada. Please move your bitcoins now to avoid a complete loss of all your bitcoins. “Disclaimer: By sending this email to you ahead of the impending disaster, we will not be responsible for any loss of bitcoins you may encounter if you do not move your bitcoins to your new address provided in this email. “Please move your bitcoins now to your new bitcoin address [removed for safety purposes]“
Bitsonline has redacted the bitcoin address stated in the email for safety purposes. We advise our readers to not send bitcoin to any addresses that were sent to you unsolicited.
The Athena representative posted this warning in both r/Bitcoin and r/BTC.
Reminder: Blockchain.info Is Non-Custodial
According to the phishing email, the alleged scammers are posing as Blockchain.info, one of the most popular bitcoin wallets in the world. As the email states, they tell people Hurricane Irma has damaged the company's Tampa servers, and all the bitcoins stored there will be lost if immediate action is not taken.
The fact that the alleged scammers have posed as Bitcoin.info may be cause for concern, since the wallet is a popular choice for those new to Bitcoin, who may not have a full understanding of how wallets work.
It is important to note the Blockchain.info wallets are non-custodial, meaning the company has no control over its users' bitcoin or private keys. Therefore, any damage done to company servers should only affect users access to the wallet during the outage. As long as users have their backup phrases stored in a safe place, they can recover their funds onto another bitcoin wallet.
At press time, no one has sent any money to the bitcoin address provided in the email. However, several Reddit users have noted that the addresses are likely randomized, with each recipient receiving a different one. Therefore, it is currently unknown if anyone has fallen victim to this scam.
At press time, Blockchain has not made any announcements regarding this phishing attempt on their website or social media channels. Bitsonline will continue monitoring this story and will update this article as new developments arise.
Have you received this email in recent days? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Getty Images, Blockchain
Join the Bitsonline Telegram channel to get the latest Bitcoin, cryptocurrency and tech news updates: https://t.me/bitsonline
As mentioned in the conference circus post, last month I was also giving a talk in CodeGate 2010. Just after Thomas's talk about BinCrowd it was my turn to present my “Introduction to mobile reversing”:
[slideshare id=3856560&doc=codegate2k10tora-100426060011-phpapp01]
As you can see in the slides (Flash required, direct pdf download here), the presentation was divided into three parts: Windows Mobile, Android and iPhoneOS. Almost half of the time was spent in the last section talking about iPhone applications and Objective-C reversing.
One of the main problems when doing iPhone application reverse engineering is to deal with Objective-C artifacts. This is not a new issue. Everything developed over the Cocoa Framework has being using Objective-C for a long time. Proof of that is the existence of previous work in the reversing field (Cameron Hotchkies, itsme) but those scripts have a problem with iPhone applications: they are crafted to analyze x86 binaries (Intel Mac OS X). That means the scripts try to parse x86 assembly code and look for compiler structures in certain sections/segments. Both the sections and the structures used are completely different for ARM-iPhoneOS binaries. Other scripts are specific for iPhone (KennyTM), but don't take care of, in my opinion, the most annoying Objective-C side effect: callgraphs and cross-references.
During my talk at CodeGate, I pointed out that one of the main drawbacks was the fact that with Objective-C we have a useless callgraph, because all calls (take all not as 100% but as a really high percentage) are made to the method objc_msgSend() as you can see in this sample callgraph:
The red dots are methods and arrows represent calls. There's only one arrow per dot because we removed duplicates to simplify it. The three top-called functions are three different flavours of msgSend: the standard one (objc_msgSend); the one to send messages to the super-class (objc_msgSend_Super); and the standard one that returns a struct instead of an integer (objc_msgSend_stret).
Continuing with the presentation, in the last part I used an script to patch the calls to objc_msgSend() and make the callgraph a bit more useful. Basically the script parses the calls to objc_msgSend() and traces the arguments passed in R0 and R1 that are the target class and method name. That way, the script creates a new segment in the binary where it places dummy functions with the names “classname_methodname” and patches the call to objc_msgSend() to point to the corresponding dummy-function. The callgraph after using the script looks a bit better (in blue the dummy functions):
As promised, the script has been released and you can download it from the zynamics GitHub account. This is an initial version with only the objc_msgSend() patching. We will be updating the script with the tricks disclosed in further posts, including a few improvements and adding static Objective-C class reconstruction.
Neither the Liberal (Venstre) party, the largest party in the country's governing coalition, nor the nationalist Danish People's Party (DF), which supports the government in parliament, wants Turkish prime minister Binali Yildirim to hold campaign meetings in the Scandinavian country.
Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen said on Sunday that they proposed Yildirim postpone a planned visit to Denmark later this month.
Kenneth Kristensen Berth, EU spokesperson for DF, told newspaper Politiken that they were highly critical of Turkey's policy of campaigning in other European countries.
“I think it is completely unacceptable that Turkey is transforming European countries into a battlefield for its internal election campaigns,” the minister said.
Diplomatic tensions have resulted in both Germany, where Turkish MPs were barred from campaigning last week, and in the Netherlands, where police broke up crowds in Rotterdam Sunday after Turkey's Family Minister Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya was denied permission to address a rally in the Dutch port city.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday warned the Netherlands would "pay a price" for preventing their ministers from holding rallies.
Erdoğan also repeated hugely controversial accusations that the Netherlands - occupied by Nazi Germany in World War II - was behaving like fascists in its treatment of Turkish ministers, reports news agency AFP.
Both Germany and the Netherlands have a large number of citizens with Turkish voting rights.
Turkey's government wants to campaign to foreign-based citizens that can vote in a referendum on April 16th. Ankara wants citizens to vote for a constitutional change that would expand presidential powers.
Berth said that an insistence by Turkey on campaigning in Denmark would show a “lack of respect”.
“We do not want internal conflicts imported from Turkey with the assistance of a very self-assured Turkish government. It quite simply will not do,” Berth told Politiken.
“It shows a lack of respect for the integrity of other European countries that election campaigns are being conducted outside of the country's borders. I think it is rude and we should make it clear that we will not allow it,” the MP continued.
Although a final decision by the government has not yet been confirmed, Venstre's foreign policy spokesperson Michael Aastrup wrote on Twitter that “expects” that Turkey's prime minister will not hold election meetings if they visit Denmark.
“This would be a red rag to relations between us and Kurds, amongst other things,” wrote Aastrup.
Their analysis examined two significant types of product recalls: those in which a product could cause serious harm or death and those in which exposure to a product might cause temporary or medically reversible health consequences.
The study examined the pay packages of 386 chief executives. One curious finding emerged: Product recalls were less common among companies whose chief executives founded the companies or had long tenures there. Such executives may be more risk-averse because they are generally large shareholders and may also feel that their personal reputations are intertwined with their companies' actions.
“It was interesting for us to see that options don't affect everybody the same way,” Mr. Wowak said in the interview. “When boards design pay packages, it would be beneficial for them to think about how their C.E.O. might respond and tailor the package around that.”
Mr. Wowak acknowledged that among publicly traded corporations over all, stock option grants as a percentage of total pay had declined recently. Many companies are dispensing restricted stock instead, making sure that executives feel the pain of a falling share price alongside their stockholders. With options, a falling stock price represents a lost opportunity for a future gain, not an actual hit to executives' wallets.
But stock options remain popular. Data compiled by Equilar, an executive compensation analytics firm in Redwood City, Calif., shows that among the companies in the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, option grants totaled 16.1 percent of direct pay for chief executives in 2014. In 2010, that figure was 20.1 percent.
“Of course, not every product recall that happens is caused by stock options,” Mr. Wowak said. “And it's possible to pay a lot in options and not have a product recall. But boards are wise to have a balanced view of the potential downside to building in heavy option components to executive pay.”
The researchers' focus on health care companies was appropriate: These companies are the biggest users of stock options, Equilar found. Last year, 84.4 percent of chief executives at these companies received options, while 67.3 percent of top managers at consumer goods manufacturers were recipients, according to Equilar. At utility companies, by contrast, only 27.6 percent of chief executives were granted options.
“In every first novel the hero is the author as Christ or as Faust.”
“There is no such thing as a moral or immoral book. Books are well written or badly written.” (The Picture of Dorian Gray)
“Formerly we used to canonise our heroes. The modern method is to vulgarise them. Cheap editions of great books may be delightful, but cheap editions of great men are absolutely detestable.” (The True Function and Value of Literary Criticism)
“Every great man nowadays has their disciples, and it is always Judas that writes the biography.” (Intentions)
“I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read on the train.” (The Importance of Being Earnest)
“The good ended happily and the bad unhappily. That is what fiction means.” (The Importance of Being Earnest)
“Wordsworth went to the Lakes, but they never are a lake poet … They found in stones the sermons they had already put there.” (Intentions)
“A writer is someone who has taught their mind to misbehave.”
“It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.”
“Words! Mere words! How terrible they were! How clear, and vivid, and cruel! One could not escape from them. And yet what a subtle magic there was in them! They seemed to be able to give a plastic form to formless things, and to have a music of their own as sweet as that of viol or of lute. Mere words! Was there anything so real as words?” (The Picture of Dorian Gray)
Square Enix Teaser Site Hints At Final Fantasy V? Final Fantasy VI?
By Spencer . January 14, 2013 . 11:07pm
Square Enix loves their countdown sites and are teasing a reveal for January 17. The news popped up on their RSS feed with this amusing headline – ( ･ω･)＝つ≡つ 2013.1.17 ⊂≡⊂＝(･ω･ ).
The enemy sprite is clearly the Behemoth from Final Fantasy VI, but the character sprites look like they're from Final Fantasy V. I think that's Bartz walking in one of them and it might be Gaulf in the other?
Anyone else wants to take a crack at the puzzle before the reveal? Square Enix already said they will bring Final Fantasy V and more to iOS so perhaps we're going to get a port of Final Fantasy V and/or Final Fantasy VI this week?
The Marvel Universe appears to have reached the shores of South Korea.
4Minute it-girl Kim HyunA and anti-hero Deadpool starred in "We Got Married" for High Cut Vol. 166. The unconventional couple had a special Valentine's Day pictorial for the February issue.
The photoshoot was created to promote the upcoming movie Deadpool (2016), starring Ryan Reynolds and T.J. Miller. The film is about a mercenary that gains super healing abilities and becomes a rebellious superhero.
HyunA pretended to be on a romantic date with the hero while they read the latest issue of the magazine. The cover had the poster for the film, a detail the magazine added because Deadpool is known for breaking the fourth wall and speaking to the audience. HyunA also cooked pasta with Deadpool and modeled an Andy & Debb knitted dress with a long veil, which made them look like a bride.
The magazine uploaded the pictorial with the introduction: Could it be that superhero Deadpool from Marvel and national star HyunA have fallen in love? Let's see their virtual marriage scenario.
According to the magazine, HyunA was chosen to participate in the photoshoot because of their "unique stage presence." Deadpool is known as a larger-than-life character with an unstoppable sense of humor, so the editor wanted a star that wouldn't be out shined by the Marvel favorite.
Deadpool will be released on Feb. 18 in South Korea.
---
About the Author: Elsa is the founder, head writer, and editor of KPopBreak.com. In their website, they cover K-pop celebrity style, Korean actor beauty trends, red carpet appearances and Seoul Fashion Week news.
JUNE 17--Though the Democratic National Committee contends that no financial, donor, or personal information was stolen during the breach of its computer networks, that claim is belied by an assortment of internal party documents provided to TSG by “Guccifer 2.0,” the vandal who has claimed credit for the hacking.
The hacker forwarded an assortment of Excel spreadsheets containing the names, e-mail addresses, occupations, and phone numbers of thousands of individuals, many of whom are listed as Democratic donors.
According to metadata embedded in the spreadsheets, the documents were created by various Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee staffers.
The pilfered records include entries as recent as April, proof that “Guccifer 2.0” was recently rooting around in the DNC's system. The hacker has ignored TSG questions about why the DNC was targeted (or whether the incursion was a Russian intelligence operation, as suspected by a security firm hired by the Democratic party).
In e-mails, the hacker wrote of possessing “lot of docs that I don't have time to study” and declared, “Fuck all the illuminati and rich clans which try to rule the governments.”
Along with recording contributions from financiers, lobbyists, and other major donors, the spreadsheets include detailed records of funds being provided to the party by elected officials (and whether the DNC is meeting its monthly goals).
One spreadsheet tracks the big donors who have shelled out for expensive “packages” connected to next month's Democratic National Convention. With the party convening in Philadelphia, the “packages” carry names like “Liberty Bell,” “1776,” “Independence Hall,” and “Constitution.” But not all “packages” carry Philly-centric branding: Former member of congress Richard Gephardt, now a lobbyist, has opted for the “Pelosi 150.”
The convention spreadsheet includes a section containing notes on the hotel and credential requirements of certain large donors and members of Congress. For example, the document notes that a wealthy business person “wants a suite. They were very adamant on this,” while Rep. Steny Hoyer needed “5 tier 1 hotel rooms, 5 tier 2 rooms. Credentials: 4 floor passes, 12 honored, 10 special.”
The documents provided by “Guccifer 2.0” also include internal memos from the Hillary Clinton campaign, as well as its predecessor group, Ready for Hillary.
In a 2015 document, a branding expert recruited by the Clinton campaign advised that the candidate needed to employ “new authentic language that gets personal.” The memo notes that, “HRC...must move from Policy and Political to Personal and Purpose driven,” adding that the pivot represents the “start of the new ‘Personal and Purpose Driven' phase of our messaging.” The document then lists an assortment of suggested speech passages.
One Hillary for America memo is addressed to Bill Clinton and includes a list of scheduling requests for the ex-president. The “asks” included Clinton's appearance at rallies, church visits, and media interviews, as well as private dinners with top union officials and personal phone calls to various Democratic officeholders.
In a memo drafted two weeks before Clinton announced their presidential candidacy, Marc Elias, Hillary for America's general counsel, described the ways in which Clinton fundraisers were allowed to discuss super PACs with campaign donors.
The March 24, 2015 memo was addressed to campaign chairperson John Podesta, campaign manager Robby Mook, and campaign finance director Dennis Cheng.
In addition to noting that all conversations referring to a “preferred Super PAC” should include a “hard ask for $5000,” the Elias memo offers carefully scripted lines for staffers to use when dealing with prospective contributors to super PACs backing Clinton.
Such PACs are independent political committees that are prohibited from donating money directly to the candidate they support, nor are the groups allowed to coordinate efforts with a candidate's campaign. Which explains why Elias took more than three pages to detail the dos and don'ts associated with extracting super Pac money from wealthy contributors. (4 pages)
The presidential office Cheong Wa Dae said Thursday that it has found documents from the former administration that show the former president may have lied about their role in dealing with the tragic sinking of the Sewol ferry, which, if proven true, may directly contradict the former leader's claim that they had done everything they were required to.
The documents, found in the crisis management office at Cheong Wa Dae, included a daily journal from the office drafted April 16, 2014, when the passenger ferry sank in waters off the country's western coast, killing more than 300 people, according to Im Jong-seok, the presidential chief of staff.
Im said the daily log showed the first report of the accident was made to then-President Park Geun-hye at 9:30 a.m., instead of at 10 a.m., as earlier claimed by the ousted leader and their aides.
The Cheong Wa Dae official said the document was revised Oct. 23, 2014, to say the first report was made at 10 a.m.
"The reason they pushed back the time of the first report to the president by half an hour appears to have been an attempt to reduce the time between the first report and Park's first order, said to have been made at around 10:15 a.m.," Im told a press briefing. (Yonhap)
Bob Hartley is the only head coach Sean Monahan has known in professional hockey, so you can imagine how they felt when they heard the news Hartley was fired by the Calgary Flames Tuesday.
“It caught me off guard,” Monahan told Sportsnet 960 The Fan. “I got in my car this morning and (the news) popped up on my phone.”
The 21-year-old said they realize it's a business decision and at the end of the day job security, especially for coaches, is determined by wins.
Following a 2014-15 campaign that saw Calgary make an improbable run to the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs, the team fell back down to earth this season, finishing 35-40-7 and missed the post-season by 10 points.
“You can't put the blame on Bob for how our season went,” Monahan said. “It's tough to see them go. I mean, I came into the league as an 18-year-old and he's been my coach all three years. I give them a lot of credit. He's helped me a lot. It's tough to see them go.
“The last couple years we've seen a lot of players be traded or not come back and stuff like that so that's what happens when you don't get results…At the end of the day I guess it's time for a change. We're looking for a fresh start come September.”
Hartley at times was criticized for being too harsh and there were rumblings it rubbed certain players the wrong way.
“Bob's a passionate guy. They want the best out of everybody. If he's hard on you it's for a good reason,” Monahan said. “Different people can take things like that different ways.”
Hartley famously benched Monahan, Johnny Gaudreau and Lance Bouma for a game in February after the three arrived late to a team practice.
Monahan and Gaudreau are restricted free agents and need new contracts prior to next season. There was a theory floating that neither Monahan nor Gaudreau felt like Hartley was the best fit for them going forward and it could have potentially impacted their contract negotiations. Monahan quickly put the kibosh on that type of conjecture.
“It's definitely unfair (for anyone to say that). I don't think that's true,” Monahan said. “When you come to the rink every day and if you're playing a lot of minutes there's honestly not much to complain about. You're in the NHL. It's an honour to play in the NHL.
“This has nothing to do with anything with our contracts.”
Monahan added that they expect “maybe something sooner than later might get done” in regards to their contract. Flames general manager Brad Treliving is about to head over to the world championship to fulfill their duties as Canada's co-GM.
China, already seen as a big player in wind energy despite trade disputes over how its industry is supported, looks as well to be making a huge play for solar power capacity. This is according to People's Daily, a paper closely tied to that nation's governing bodies.
An official with China's National Energy Administration has said that China is aiming for a 10 gigawatt solar power capacity by 2015. The country's current solar capacity is said to be 860,000 kilowatts, so getting to its goal within the next few years will certainly test its solar energy sector. A plan looks to have been laid out, however, that could help it reach the magic number.
One aspect of the plan is to speed up construction of grid-connected solar-power projects in western China, where “adequate solar energy resources” reportedly already exist. It is said the planned solar power capacity of just this portion alone could equate to 5 gigawatts of cleaner energy.
Another aspect of China's big solar energy push is a dramatic increase in distributed rooftop solar-power systems in urban areas, especially in industrial parks with lots of open roofs available for solar panels to be laid out. This would be joined by new PV systems as part of what is said to be “construction of China's 100 pilot cities for new energy and 200 counties for green energy.”
EarthTechling Reader Appreciation Week is June 13-17. We're giving away awesome green gifts to Facebook fans and newsletter subscribers. Participate in the green goodness by joining our newsletter and Facebook communities.
Everything is turning up Bradley Beal right now. Not only is Beal currently third in the NBA in points per game so far this preseason, but their hometown St. Louis Cardinals are back in the World Series. As you'd expect, he's very excited:
Bradley Beal rocking powder blue STL Cards cap (with Ozzie Smith's No. 1 on it): "You won't see another city on my head." #wizards — Michael Lee (@MrMichaelLee) October 21, 2013
While it's nice to see Beal excited, I think they might be taking things a little too far here. Can anyone claim 100% allegiance to one team on their head? Let's investigate.
OK, so that's a Chicago Blackhawks hat. Last I checked, the Blackhawks are NOT in St. Louis. However, St. Louis is close to East St. Louis, which is in Illinois, where the Blackhawks play. Besides, Beal is probably too busy playing basketball to remember who plays where in the NHL anyways.
UPDATE: As terpsDC and Satchel Price point out, that's actually Boston Braves hat, not a Chicago Blackhawks hat. The Boston Braves played baseball. They did not play baseball in St. Louis.
This is a picture of Bradley Beal wearing a sombrero. Nothing to argue about here.
I'm pretty sure the Raiders never played in St. Louis, but Al Davis did move the Raiders a lot. Maybe they were in St. Louis for a couple of years and we're forgetting about it because of our East Coast bias.
OK, I know this looks like a Cardinals hat, but I think the photo is messing with us here. If you take out the filtering, that orange looks a lot more like cardinal red, and that giant M is just an illusion the St.L logo creates from a distance. Nothing to see here.
More from Bullets Forever:
Baghdad hasn't seen anything like it for some time now: Shiite fighters marching in formation.
Bedecked in black training suits or flowing robes and turbans, they resemble Iraq's own army as they marched by the thousands through Sadr City over the weekend (22.06.2014). Sadr City's two million largely Shiite citizens make it Baghdad's largest district. They were ready to stand up to the terrorists, they cried. Everywhere, they could be heard: "We will slaughter them!"
Armed with rifles, pistols, grenades and Molotov cocktails, their first target is Samarra, where they plan to confront the largely Sunni militia Islamist State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and to protect their holy, Shiite mosque. The latter is proving a key point of contention.
Shia Islam's highest authority, Grand Ayatollah Ali Al-Sistani, again called upon the militants to join the fight against an enemy which threatens not only holy sites, but the unity of Iraq. Shiites now stand at the ready.
Catalyst for a 2006 civil war: The destroyed cupola of the al-Askari Mosque
The city they will march on has already experienced a nightmare. Samarra's spiraling minaret is known the world over, its al-Askari Mosque, a Shia treasure. Just 110 kilometers (68 miles) north of Baghdad, the majority of its 160,000 citizens are Sunnis. For Shiites, however, it's an incomparable spiritual center. A 2006 bomb attack on the golden cupola of the al-Askari Mosque led to inter-denominational war: Thousands of Sunnis and Shiites lost their lives.
Fears are high that similar events might now transpire. ISIS has been using the main road that leads from Mosul to Baghdad for its forward march. Lying along that road is Saddam Hussein's home town of Tikrit, the Beiji refinery and Samarra.
After Mosul and Tikrit fell two weeks ago, the fighting turned to the Beiji refinery, which supplies the entire city of Baghdad with electricity and fuel.
The tactical situation is unclear: Both sides proclaim victory again and again, all while the refinery remains shut down.
Known unknowns
Throughout the country, ISIS fighters are also said to have taken control of Baquba, the capital of the Diyala province northeast of Baghdad, as well as the Syrian border crossings of Al-Qaim and Al-Walid and the Jordanian crossing of Turaibil.
Some claim, however, that the Al-Qaim crossing was overrun not by ISIS but by members of a local tribe. Yet the Anbar province containing Al-Qaim had by January largely fallen to the ISIS, with Al-Qaim refugees fleeing to camps on the outskirts of Baghdad.
The situation is equally murky in the Diyala province, where violent ethnic clashes occurred in from 2006 to 2008. Diyala is sometimes referred to as "Little Iraq," since each of the country's ethnic groups is represented there and competes with the others for power and influence.
Shiite troops marching in Baghdad on June 21
Yet the Shiite parades in Sadr over the weekend mark the rebirth of an era - one many had long considered overcome. Shiite leader Muqtada al-Sadr's Mahdi Army, a militia founded in 2013 to fight US occupation forces, has been given new life. According to its own figures, the Mahdi Army boasts half a million members.
The Jaish al-Mahdi, as the group is known in Arabic, was notorious, feared in Baghdad as instrumental in the escalation of bloody clashes between Sunnis and Shiites that ultimately led to civil war. Death squads often carried out arbitrary shootings; hostages were held in Sadr City until the group's conditions were met. Ransoms were not the goal, but rather the release of prisoners or withdrawal of US troops. Analogous to the Sunni terrorist organization, al Qaeda, Jaish al-Mahdi committed thousands of bombings, detonated roadside explosives and fired mortar shells toward the Green Zone, where the US and the Iraqi government had their administrations.
What distinguished the group from al Qaeda is the Shiite rejection of suicide bombings - something of a trademark for Sunni al Qaeda.
Typically, Grand Ayatollah al-Sistani urges restraint amongst their Shiite followers
After three years of bloody civil war, Muqtada al-Sadr disbanded their army in 2008 and called upon them to lay down their arms. That happened due to the intervention in Najaf of Grand Ayatollah al-Sistani, who offered prospects to the young Shiite rebels - Moqtada al-Sadr was not yet 40 years old - for participation in the Iraqi political process; ultimately, they stopped fighting.
In the last cabinet, six "Sadrist" ministers, as they came to be known, were represented. In parliament, 40 Sadrist deputies held seats. Their votes helped deliver a second term to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki.
Yet both Grand Ayatollah al-Sistani and Muqtada al-Sadr have now fallen out with Maliki, the latter calling them the "new dictator" of Iraq.
Does the revival of the Mahdi Army, then, represent Maliki's salvation? Or does Muqtada al-Sadr have something else in mind?
Regardless, if the Shiite militia intends to fight the ISIS, it does not bode well for many of Baghdad's citizens: Shiites and Sunnis alike are fearful of a looming confrontation that could escalate beyond control.
UNITED NATIONS - The U.S. and South Africa reached a deal Thursday that will release $1.5 billion in frozen Libyan assets in American banks which the U.S. is earmarking for the cash-strapped rebels fighting to oust Muammar Qaddafi.
The Libyan opposition said it urgently needs at least $5 billion in frozen assets to pay state salaries, maintain vital services and repair critical oil facilities.
Analysts estimate that as much as $110 billion is frozen in banks worldwide and several European nations are also seeking to release funds, including Britain, France and Italy, which announced Thursday it wants to release euro350 million ($505 million) for the rebels.
South Africa had blocked agreement in the Security Council committee monitoring sanctions against Libya on unfreezing the $1.5 billion in U.S. banks over concerns that it implied recognition of the opposition National Transitional Council. South Africa has not recognized the rebel government and said neither has the African Union nor the United Nations.
Mark Kornblau, spokesperson for the U.S. Mission to the United Nations, said the U.S. never intended its request to unfreeze the Libyan assets to imply recognition of any government. They said the wording has been changed to say that the money will go to "relevant authorities"  and the U.S. will earmark the $1.5 billion for the National Transitional Council.
The United States had called for a vote Thursday afternoon on a Security Council resolution that would have authorized the release of the fund unless South Africa changed its mind and joined consensus in the sanctions committee. While the committee requires unanimous agreement of all 15 council members, a resolution does not. South Africa lifted its objection.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said they welcomed the release of the $1.5 billion in Libyan assets frozen in the U.S.
"This money will go toward meeting the needs of the people of Libya," Clinton said in a statement Thursday night. "We urge other nations to take similar measures. Many are already doing so."
A senior U.S. administration official, speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly, said late Thursday that the money will be available "in the coming days."
The U.N. Security Council in February and March ordered all countries to freeze billions of dollars in assets belonging to Qaddafi, key relatives, and members of their regime as well as the Libyan central bank, Libyan investment organizations and the National Oil Corporation. The aim was to punish the regime and cripple its response to protesters demanding change.
With Qaddafi in hiding and the rebels poised to take control of Libya, Britain, the U.S., the European Union and Turkey have called for the quick release of assets to help the National Transitional Council to rebuild the Libyan economy, restore essential services, reform the police and the army, and pay government salaries.
Although the U.S. circulated a Security Council resolution to unfreeze some Libyan assets in America  which turned out not to be needed  council diplomats said a second resolution to be circulated soon will cover the U.N.'s mandate in a post-Gadhafi Libya and proposals to unfreeze assets in other countries.
Meanwhile, the international community was moving ahead on planning for a post-Qaddafi era.
Senior officials from more than 30 nations were meeting Thursday in Istanbul to discuss ways of assisting Libya's opposition in the post-Qaddafi era and the unfreezing of billions in cash and assets. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon planned to hold a videoconference Friday with the heads of the Arab League, African Union, Organization of Islamic Cooperation and European Union.
And French President Nicolas Sarkozy was in Beijing urging a once reluctant China to join Western nations in rebuilding Libya and inviting Beijing to an international conference on Libya's future in Paris next Thursday.
"We need urgent help," Mahmoud Jibril, head of the National Transitional Council said in Milan Thursday after meeting with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and before heading to the Istanbul meeting. "We are here for an urgent call. There are high expectations. While the liberation of Tripoli is in the last and final stages, the battle is still going on."
Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns, who led the U.S. delegation in Istanbul, said the meeting was characterized by an "upbeat spirit and recognition of what our combined efforts have helped to achieve."
They said the council has committed to pursuing democratic reform, upholding Libya's international obligations and respecting human rights as well as to distribute funds in a transparent manner that addresses the needs of the Libyan people.
"Now more than ever, we will look to the ... council to live up to those responsibilities and to implement its transition roadmap," they said. "It is critical that the (NTC) continue to engage with stakeholders across Libya."
Jibril warned that stability and security were at risk if rebel salaries, unpaid for four months, weren't delivered. Among the other urgent priorities, they said, were collecting weapons, rebuilding a justice system and national army, providing care to the wounded in Libya and abroad, and rebuilding power stations.
A member of Libya's rebel Cabinet said the transitional government was moving immediately to Tripoli from its eastern stronghold city of Benghazi.
"It's clear that the NTC is moving forward to form its government there, and to get its people in place early on, and the U.N. will be there with them, and right after them as conditions permit," U.N. political chief B. Lynn Pascoe told reporters earlier, after briefing the Security Council on Mideast issues.
The United States had been trying for more than two weeks to get the Security Council sanctions committee to unfreeze the U.S. assets to pay for immediate humanitarian aid, but South Africa objected.
British Prime Minister David Cameron called South African President Jacob Zuma and they "agreed that Libya now has the opportunity for transition to a peaceful, democratic and inclusive government and they discussed how the international community should actively and urgently support this process," Cameron's office said in statement Thursday.
It doesn't seem like John Chen's open letter to customers has done anything to change Wall Street's mind about the future of BlackBerry. Yesterday the stock dropped below $6, and so far today's market action is keeping it there. This marks a new low for BlackBerry shares. Last fall the stock experienced a substantial drop too, but never dipped below $6.
What's driving the weakness? There doesn't seem to be anything major in the news. The analyst at Wells Fargo reiterated a market perform rating on the stock, commenting that the company may need to offer enterprise customers discounts to retain them.
There hasn't been much in the way of breaking news, but we will see a financial report from BlackBerry just before Christmas. That will be our next opportunity to see how the business is developing, and to hear how John Chen addresses the investment community.
For both BlackBerry shareholders and fans, some good news would make for a nice early Christmas present!
The market doesn't lie.
It's very apparent from the volume and price behavior in the crypto market that investors in droves are transitioning much of their alt-coin portfolios into Bitcoin ahead of the fork(s). 1
Why is this?
Well, several sources claim that the Bitcoin Gold team stands ready to reward Bitcoin holders on a specific date. While some believe that this date will coincide with the timing of the new network's release (October 25), others have expressed confusion on how this process will work.2
Nevertheless, investors have been flocking to Bitcoin in large numbers ahead of Bitcoin Gold.
What is Bitcoin Gold? I'll set aside my personal opinion on whether it's needed, but suffice it to say that a small group of developers decided to create a Bitcoin fork, use “Bitcoin” in the name, and then alter the core code to enable competition from graphical CPUs. Currently, almost all Bitcoin mining takes place using application-specific CPUs, or ASIC chips, as they're called. The idea behind Bitcoin Gold is to make other types of chips contained in ordinary computers more competitive.3 Whether or not this is actually the case doesn't seem to matter to investors.
Unfortunately (if you own anything other than Bitcoin) it doesn't just end with Bitcoin Gold.
What is the Fork?
What is Segwit2X? The first step in Segwit2X had to do with a fork that happened in August. That's done, but the second step is to wait until a specific number of blocks have been successfully mined before activation of the second step of Segwit2X in late November. Early estimates of when this was to occur centered around “end of November 2017” time frames. 4
Even though a majority of miners have already declared their support for this second step, enough doubters exist that people are predicting yet another fork and creation of something akin to “Bitcoin Cash” as some miners continue to support the existing Bitcoin chain.
My own personal opinions about Bitcoin not being an enterprise solution for global payments don't matter; the crypto market is still in love with the “model T” for some reason. Years from now, historians will look back on 2017 with a mix of horrified wonder and morbid fascination at how completely irrational markets can behave.
We shouldn't reward Bitcoin for this atrocious code governance.
At this point in time, Ripple is struggling to bring blockhain technology into the light of day; they planned and held SWELL to educate potential banking and financial institution customers about the value proposition of ILP and XRP. They've been methodically working with central banks.5 They've been working with global standards organizations. 6 7 They've been helping governments craft legislation.8
At the same time that Ripple was battling SWIFT for the goal of legitimizing blockchain technology, the organizations that loosely comprise the failure known as Bitcoin Governance were unable to craft a better strategy for updating the Bitcoin code other than to drag the entire crypto market through the collective mud.9
Traditional Finance's Reaction
If you were a fund manager, responsible for managing millions of dollars of customers' money, and you had a choice of what you considered high-risk assets, would you invest that amount in crypto-currency after seeing Bitcoin code continuously updated, abandoned, or otherwise altered while the value of the underlying asset was diminished and diluted? What does this say to you about the governance of lesser-known alternative crypto-coins?
Luckily for XRP Investors, if traditional financial managers and bankers take a close look at XRP versus Bitcoin, they will immediately encounter something very different when it comes to governance of code updates. One network is unable to cope with any sort of code change – no matter how small or insignificant – while the other is on version 80.10 That's not a typo.
XRP Governance
When Ripple needs to make a code change to the XRP Ledger to respond to opportunities or threats, it must go through a voting process; this is consistent with it's overall approach for transaction validation. A majority of the validators must vote on an amendment before it is included in the next code version; this process is described in Ripple's collateral here: https://ripple.com/build/amendments/
This process is fair, efficient, decentralized, and allows for a majority of validators to quickly update the network without resulting in the type of chaos that we've seen with Bitcoin.
No wonder Ripple has been able to make such incredible updates to the XRP Ledger over time! This includes performance improvements that have increased throughput to 1,500 TPS on the native ledger11, and the creation of payment channels that scale horizontally with more computing power (initial tests that Ripple conducted reached 70,000 TPS before they shut it down).12
Features like escrow13 were added via this confirmation process, and this strong and effective governance model also allows Ripple to respond with alacrity to any security issue if they arise.
This type of code governance leverages the strengths of decentralization without any of the inherent weaknesses that we've seen with Bitcoin.
Mainstream Banking wants Enterprise-Grade Governance
Ethereum also suffers from questionable governance, with one central figure that seems to have sole power over which features are included or excluded. Vitalik Buterin has been described as a “benevolent dictator” when it comes to championing code changes.14 This is also very troubling and risky from an organizational perspective; leaving your technology solution in the hands of one very notable and trusted person might be an effective strategy for an incubator project, but not if the fate of your company is resting on that blockchain.
In one embarrassing episode for Ethereum earlier this year, an anonymous rumor was circulated that Vitalik had died, and as a result, the value of Ethereum crashed. The market was unable to recover until Vitalik actually released a photograph of themselves holding a specific block number that could be verified by independent third parties. 16
There's only one current crypto-currency that mainstream bankers, central banks, and other financial services companies can depend upon for effective code governance to reduce their risk; XRP.
XRP Responds to Banks' Need for Strong, Flexible, and Transparent Governance
With their well-defined amendment process, Ripple is able to act quickly and make code updates in an organized and transparent manner. All effects and impacts to customers are known well in advance, and Ripple is committed to the adoption of its technology by all of its partners, past and present.
If you were the CEO of a bank, isn't this what you're looking for?
Reliability? Redundancy? Blockchain Technology? A US-based company?15 Accountability? A bank gets all of these things with Ripple. In my previous blogs, I've pointed out the performance metrics of XRP compared to the other top two crypto-currencies, but keep in mind that XRP is a digital asset that is in a class by itself. Like Google or Amazon, Ripple is setting its own benchmarks rather than looking at the competition.
What makes a champion in sports? No matter what the sport, the best merely compete with themselves, not others. The same is true with XRP.
Sources
Advertisements
Your time is up: Halves would no longer last for 45 minutes if the proposals get the go-ahead
From 30-minute halves to dribbling straight from a free-kick, proposals have been put forward to change the game of football as we know it.
The International Football Association Board (Ifab) has several ideas to alter the laws of the game - supposedly to make it more attractive.
They form part of a strategy document called 'Play Fair!' - but would they work, and what would be the consequences if they were implemented?
BBC football analyst Pat Nevin says they welcome the discussion - and thinks it is long overdue.
"I honestly think we have had 20 or 30 years of Luddites being in charge of the game," the former Chelsea, Everton and Scotland winger told BBC Sport.
"But we are now hopefully entering an era where people are willing to see if the game needs adapting, and I have to say I applaud their efforts at the moment.
"For example they have finally started using video replay technology, which is something people were calling for when I was playing 25-30 years ago.
Video replays were used at December's Club World Cup - and are currently being used at the Confederations Cup
"The game moves on and people find ways around the rules that are in place - I did it myself when I played.
"So, I am very positive about any attempts to make the game better and my attitude generally with most of these proposals is let's give them a go-to see how they work out."
You can read the full Ifab strategy document here.
Nevin has looked at some of the more radical suggestions in detail - this is their verdict.
An hour of play - stats show Ifab have got it right
Ifab proposal: Two periods of 30 minutes with the clock stopped whenever the ball goes out of play.
Former Crystal Palace manager Sam Allardyce checks their watch - their side's Premier League games in 2016-17 saw the ball spend the least time in play
Stats from Opta show that, last season, the Premier League team whose games saw the most actual game time were Arsenal, with an average of 58.10 minutes. Crystal Palace had the least, with 52.33 minutes.
Nevin: "I agree with the thinking behind scrapping 45-minute halves because the misuse of that time is a big part of the game now.
"When you get towards the back end of matches, and people start making lots of substitutions for example, then you never get enough time added back on the end.
"This method would mean there is no point in wasting time, because the clock is stopped anyway. Players would not bother doing it anymore.
"When they suggest an hour of playing time, they have obviously got it right. People might initially think 'only an hour?' but in actual fact it is exactly the amount of time that I would expect the ball to be in play anyway."
The pros and cons of changing game-time
Live, through a lens - would broadcasters be so keen on football if they did not know how long games would last?
Nevin: "The change to playing time would not make any difference to players - the groups of people who this is most important to are fans, and the TV companies.
"Broadcasters are the ones who will be most concerned, if they find they can no longer be certain when games are going to finish because it takes a varying amount of time to play the full 60 minutes.
"From a fans' perspective, stopping time-wasting is very important and this would be a way of ensuring people are getting their money's worth when they watch games.
"But you also have to consider the effect this change would have on supporters who need to travel back from games. You cannot mess them around - you need to give them a rough idea of when a game is going to finish, so they can get back home."
'This would completely change the dynamic of the game'
Ifab proposal: Players can dribble straight from a free-kick, as well as goal-kicks and corners, to "encourage attacking play as the player who is fouled can stop the ball and then immediately continue their dribble/attacking move".
Nevin: "I have no idea if this would work. It does not strike me as one that I would be mad for, but this is a root and branch look at the laws of the game, so they are considering pretty much everything.
"Introducing this would completely and utterly change the dynamic of the game but then you could say the same about when goalkeepers were stopped from picking up backpasses 25 years ago.
Goalkeepers were stopped from picking up backpasses in 1992 - now many of them are comfortable with the ball at their feet, like Manchester City's Claudio Bravo, although they had more success during their time with Barcelona
"That was one of the biggest changes to the game in its history and lots of people were against it when they were told it was being brought in.
"In actual fact it changed the identity of so many parts of the game in a positive way. Back then, people said goalkeepers would have to become like outfield players - well, that has happened and it is a good thing.
"It happened in the middle of my playing career and it was harder for the keepers who had been brought up being able to pick the ball up.
"They had to adapt, but for keepers now who have grown up with that rule, it is just part of the game.
"I didn't think it was a good idea at the time, but in retrospect it was a really good one."
Penalty goals? Stopping a 'Suarez' from happening again
Suarez's 'save' against Ghana at the 2010 World Cup. Uruguay won the match
Ifab proposal: The referee can award a goal if a player stops a goal being scored by handling on or close to the goalline.
Nevin: "This idea is to try to stop people doing what Luis Suarez did during the 2010 World Cup, when their 'save' stopped what would have been a match-winning goal for Ghana against Uruguay in the quarter-finals.
"Suarez was sent off, but Ghana missed the subsequent penalty and ended up losing the game in a shootout.
"I have no problem with a penalty goal being awarded if the handball is absolutely deliberate.
"By that, I don't mean if the player's hands are in a natural position but if they put their hands up to stop a goal like a goalkeeper would - or dive to do it in the most obvious scenario.
"If there is nothing else that could have happened to stop the ball going in the net for a goal, then I would agree with giving a goal rather than awarding a penalty.
"Again it is the wording which will be all-important thing in how easily the new law here would be interpreted.
"Look at the offside rule as an example of how you can overcomplicate things. How many of the caveats have made it murkier, rather than more clear?
"The initial wording of the offside law was simple and perfect but the subsequent caveats, like whether someone is interfering with play, make it confusing."
When there is no problem, and technology has the answer
Under one of the suggested new rule changes, Xabi Alonso's goal in the 2005 Champions League final would not be allowed - as it was scored from a penalty rebound
Ifab proposal: To stop encroachment into the area, when a penalty kick is either scored or missed/saved, players can no longer follow up to score.
Nevin: "This is not a problem that needs solving if the referee and assistant referee do their jobs properly. Part of their responsibility is to make sure no-one encroaches.
"If there was video technology, you would be able to prove it was happening.
"So I would not worry about this rule. If it is a problem, then technology offers the solution here."
Taking a leaf out of rugby's rulebook
Ifab proposal: Referees can only blow for half-time or full-time when the ball goes out of play.
Nevin: "There is a bit of sense behind this suggestion. It already happens in rugby, which gives us an idea of what effect it would have on the end of matches where the result is in doubt.
"Again, I would trial it. You have to do that with all of these suggestions, and try them out in junior competition or at a low level. That way you see where the possible flaws are and see if you can iron them out.
"If you can't, then you shrug your shoulders and think again. But there is no harm in trying."
Pat Nevin was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
Horizon Zero Dawn represents a huge shift in genre, gameplay, style and tone for Dutch developer Guerrilla Games. How did we get here from Killzone – and why?
Horizon Zero Dawn was a gamble for Sony; it must have bled money to back Guerrilla's vision over five years of development. The effort seems to have paid off, if Horizon Zero Dawn reviews are any indication.
“They saw what other companies were doing with open world games. I think they wanted to say, you guys have done it, and we can do it as well. And we can do it better.”
New IP is always dicey, of course, but in the case of Horizon Zero Dawn there was the enormous risk that comes along with an established team chucking a decade of experience out the window to tackle something totally different.
Fascinated by this process and the challenges it must have presented, I had a chat with Guerrilla Games senior producer Joel Eschler, a 2K Australia veteran who worked on BioShock and Borderlands games, and was finally lured into an overseas move on the strength of Horizon Zero Dawn's magnificent E3 2015 announce.
VG247: I know you weren't there right at the start, but can you tell me a little bit about how Guerrilla went from Killzone to Horizon Zero Dawn?
It was selling point for me, for joining the studio – how they made that transition. It would have been pretty scary for the studio to commit to doing that.
There's a reason first-person shooter studios keep making first-person shooters, isn't there.
Exactly. But at the same time the risk of not doing something new was almost bigger. People had been making the Killzone games for ten years, maybe a little bit longer. And while they were always adding to the feature set and expanding the scope, people were feeling, I think, a little bit trapped into this particular genre.
As creative people, you want to expand and challenge yourself. Internally, at Guerrilla, they said look, we're ready to do something different, we feel confident in our skills. We get launch titles out for consoles and technologically and artistically we've always excelled.
It really was that kind of moment – we're ready to do something different and we feel confident enough, we don't want people to feel like they have to go to other studios to do more challenging work.
So it started out as an internal pitching competition within the studio. It just so happened that Horizon, which was pitched by Jan-Bart [van Beek], who is the studio's art director –
Ah, that makes a lot of sense. In the presentation earlier, you said the environments are one of the key pillars.
Absolutely. I think they really wanted to make something beautiful. So many people have this fascination with what-if stories and post-apocalyptic stories. But as an artist, I think for them it wasn't enough of a challenge to make another post-apocalyptic world. They wanted to try doing that beautiful green, and colourful flowers, and vegetation, and big fields – and tie that in to also doing destroyed environments. Really having that contrast with the machines as well.
They made that pitch really with those three pillars I mentioned – Aloy, the machines, and nature taking back the ruins.
So those three things date right back to the beginnings, to the first pitch?
Yeah. Along with that, there was the general idea of what the game would be – open world, RPG, visual stand-out for the console. It was probably the biggest in scope of all the pitches, but it was the one everyone wanted to do, like instantly.
“You only get to make so many games or so many movies or whatever in your career so it is an ask to say are you willing to do this. But people just bought in.”
They got excited about it.
Yeah, that imagery. That was the biggest thing: to get buy-in from people. To one, stay with the studio and two, to say potentially for the next five, six years, I'm going to work on this.
You only get to make so many games or so many movies or whatever in your career so it is an ask to say are you willing to do this. But people just bought in. And the technology side of Guerrilla said yep, we will make this work.
Pretty much from day one – and this really made me excited to join – they said full-on, we're going to make this happen.
How significant was the overhaul to Guerrilla's existing tech, to get the Decima engine, to go from first-person to third-person open world? Enormous?
It was pretty huge but at the same time the programmers and engineers – they signed up to do this. They got really excited to do it themselves, to challenge themselves. They saw what other companies were doing with open world games –
Examples?
Oh, any open world games from the last ten years. Assassin's Creed. Far Cry. Watch Dogs. All these that have these seamless open worlds. Grand Theft Auto.
I think they wanted to say, you guys have done it, and we can do it as well. And we can do it better.
You mentioned the streaming tech.
The big difference between doing an open world game and a linear based game is that [in a linear game] you can predict the path the player is going to take to go forward – they're going to go left at this corridor. You can tell a single unit GPU to go ahead and pre-load that, that's the only way they can go.
In an open world game, they can go in any direction and you can't have such big line of sight blockers. In a linear game you can have corridors so you know you don't need to draw all that stuff over there. But in Horizon or any open world game you can climb to the tallest peak and you need to draw kilometres in the distance.
“Because the world is so big, we literally could not build a team big enough to go and paint in every single tree.”
So we had to develop technology to draw stuff really far in the distance but still run at 30 frames per second. That was a big undertaking. Some of that, we were still working on it I think weeks ago, to make sure that our settlements and our really big key landmarks drew in with detail even looking at them from kilometres and kilometres away.
The big draw with open world games is if you can see it you can go there. People can go and just follow the main mission but we wanted to build something where if you as Aloy are walking to go to something on your main path mission and you see something cool over there in the distance and you want to just go check it out, you can go check it out.
So that was a big part of the engine. The other major undertaking was because this world is so big, just magnitudes bigger than anything Guerrilla has done before, and we wanted to do the vegetation –
Ugh, all those little leaves and that.
Yeah, all the little leaves, and you know trees are much more complex to draw because they're not just straight lines like architecture. We had to build something where we could draw that fast. And not only that, but because the world is so big, we literally could not build a team big enough to go and paint in every single tree.
How many people are at Guerrilla?
We're a bit over 200. That's actually quite small. That's about the same size team as I worked in for BioShock Infinite, and this is incomparable in size and scope to that game. So I have to hats off to the Guerrilla team for getting it done.
A lot of it was looking at technologies where you don't have to hand draw every single bit. We built these smart systems where we can determine what kind of elevation this part of the world this is, what kind of climate and weather it would have, what type of trees and shrubs would grow there, the speed that the water would flow.
All of these things that are being generated under the hood with the engine that you would have to go and hand place every single thing, go into every single section of water and tell it what speed it has to flow at, to build a waterfall and say what size the splashes are going to be. All of that is procedurally generated by the engine.
So it's like a simulation? You could go in and change some variables, get a different result.
Absolutely.
Huh. So, when you design a game map, and you're putting in your main missions and your side content and your collectibles and stuff like that – if you've built the landscape using these geographical, geological parameters – how do you arrange everything so that it makes narrative and gameplay sense in the space?
It's definitely a very involved process. You start by looking for key landmarks you want in the world, like cities or key geological [features] like big mountains, so you [the player] have a point of reference and can orient yourself in the world – and also because as artists they want to make really cool looking stuff.
So we pick the kind of rough locations within the real world that we want to build, think about how it might be a thousand years from now, and have a look at these really awesome, recognisable and fun to build landmarks.
“It's really involved, right up to the end, to get that density right so there's always something interesting to do.”
Then we lay out the narrative, start to build out the main story on top of that, look for the locations in the world where these [quests] could make sense. We make sure we have a good density, and then we get our other activities, our side activities and cauldrons and bandit camps.
We shuffle these around for quite a long time and we do focus tests – because what we don't want is people have to progress 10km this way with nothing interesting. We want people to say okay, my next objective is all the way over here, but there's this cool thing for me to check out or maybe I need to go back and do this thing. It's really involved, right up to the end, to get that density right so there's always something interesting to do.
I did want to ask about the narrative and world building. Some games take like the classic Tomb Raider approach of building fantastic levels and then trying to find some story to link them together afterwards with whatever nonsense. And then others start with a story and try to build a game around it, which can be just as unsuccessful for different reasons. What was Guerrilla's approach?
Again it's something that we were really aware of, and we had all parties involved from the get go.
So there was world building such as lore – so we knew how this tribe developed and what their relationship with the machines are, and what their understanding of technology may be and what their settlements look like. That helped us determine the art style and these kinds of things – what the characters look like, what they wear, what they eat, what colours they use.
That was the starting point, where we did all this work to build a background world. Then we got our narrative team to come in and start working with our quest designers and our artists to layer in how this location could make sense.
So we did the large scale of 3D world building to a certain level of fidelity [early in the development process], but we never got into the micro, smaller [work] until we knew what the story was going to be, what the quests were going to be. Then we had the writers and the artists and designers teaming up together on those areas – and making it work together.
Horizon Zero Dawn releases February 28 in the US and March 1 in Europe, exclusively for PS4.
This content requires Javascript to be enabled, and the Macromedia Flash Player (version 8 or later) to be installed.
12Million Dollar Firearm & SafeSALE DATES: Jan. 20-30PROVEN WEATHERBY RELIABILITY AT A SMOKIN'-HOT PRICE!$ REMINGTON® 7OO™ VTR™Offered in .223 Rem. and .308 Win., 22" triangular barrel with muzzle brake and green stock with black over-molded grips. Was $699.99 02568463/464 $59999 SAVE$ 100STORE ANDONLINE REDFIELD®14999 to $ 4-PLEX $17499 STORE ANDONLINE ® $ $999 SAVE$ 5MFS 2000 9MM • 115-gr. FMJ • 50 rounds per box Was $14.99 02883266 FIELD-TESTED42999 SAVE $20SIG PRO PISTOLS 3.9" barrel. Offered in 9mm and .40 S&WWas $449.99 217445 FIELD-PROVEN TRUST OUR GEAR ⁄2 " x 21 ⁄4 " 224.99 02954699SAVE $50GUNVAULT MICRO VAULT BIOMETRIC SAFE • Uses fingerprint recognition to access• Multiple users can be programmed • 11" x 81 Was $WEATHERBY® PUMP SHOTGUN $ 299.99 0301490412 ga. with 3" chamber and synthetic stock. Was $23999 SAVE $60 21999 REVOLUTION™• Redfield full lifetime warranty 713359RIFLESCOPES • Waterproof, fogproof and shockproofACCU-RANGE™ $16999 SAVE$BUSHNELL® TROPHY CAM 8.0 • 8.0 megapixels • Functions in extreme temperatures from -5˚F to 140˚FWas $199.99 03002905 BONEBUSHNELL® COLLECTOR™229.99 TROPHYCAMO CAMERA— 03002907 $ Was $199.99 30
Too Stupid for What?
Consider that Russia wants to bring nuclear power plants to sub Saharan Africa. Given the crucial roles of maintenance and intelligent monitoring to nuclear plant safety, would building nuclear power plants in Africa be a good idea?
Different tasks require different levels of cognitive aptitude. A successful theoretical particle physicist is likely to be brighter than the average community organiser or political activist, for example. Nuclear plant engineers and technicians should have higher average IQs than most government bureaucrats or news media workers.
Here is a broad look at different IQ estimates needed for different occupations:
Kenya wants to build nuclear power plants in order to boost prosperity within the impoverished, low-IQ, high violence nation. Is the average IQ within Kenya high enough for the nation to field enough qualified people to run a nuclear power plant safely?
According to the Wikipedia table above, the average population IQ in Kenya is 72. Given what we know about normal IQ distributions, fewer than 1% of Kenyans would be qualified to complete a rigorous 4 year college curriculum. Fewer than 0.1% of Kenyans could qualify as competent nuclear engineers or technicians, given the maths and computer requirements.
The normal curve above has a mean of 100 and standard deviation of 15.with the same standard deviation. Given what is known about IQ requirements for different occupations, intelligent nuclear technicians in Africa would be as scarce as Physics Nobel Prize or maths Fields Prize winners might be in today's France, even if the entire nation backed a program of training indigenous nuclear techs, engineers, and physicists. There are simply not enough bright people there to begin with.
There is no concept of “maintenance” in most native African languages. This is reflected in a lack of meaningful maintenance for high tech systems in sub Saharan Africa in general. Nations without sufficient trainable people, without a sense of maintenance for technical systems, would not seem to be ideal places to build nuclear power plants.
And yet,the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) has endorsed Kenya's aspirations to build nuclear power plants in the East African nation. But then, the average IQ of IAEA functionaries may not be any higher than that of the typical government bureaucrat.
We know why Russia or China might wish to build nuclear power plants in Africa. The income and influence from construction and ongoing operations would be considerable, and would come at a good time for the struggling economies of both league nations. But if we can see in advance that maintenance and safety standards would not likely be sufficient to prevent deadly mass casualty accidents, why would any intelligent person of integrity back such a development plan?
An average IQ below 90 should be taken as a strong disincentive for any population considering building and operating a conventional nuclear power plant. Nuclear power will not work in the long run for sub Saharan Africa. The only way nuclear power might work for tribal / clan nations such as Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Algeria, or Pakistan, is if the nation could afford to hire outside expertise for all critical aspects of construction, operation, and decommissioning — for the duration. Without constant outside supervision — even in mid-IQ nations of the tribal world — a catastrophic accident becomes almost a certainty over time.
Among the biggest ambitions for constructing nuclear power plants were Algeria's plans to build two reactors to produce 2,400 megawatts (MW) by 2030; Egypt's to build four reactors, producing 4,800 MW by 2030, Ghana's to build one reactor producing 1,000 MW by 2025, Kenya's plans to build four reactors producing 4,000 MW by 2033, Morocco's to build its first reactor by 2030, Nigeria's plans to build four reactors, producing 4,000 MW by 2027 and South Africa's to add six to eight new reactors, producing an extra 9,600 MW by 2030. Khlopkov said Russia was the biggest exporters of nuclear technology in the world, constructing 25% of nuclear power plants currently, converting 25% and enriching 45% of uranium, providing 17% of nuclear fuel and reprocessing 10% of spent nuclear fuel. __ http://www.sabc.co.za/news/a/475e92004ca8cee393bef3c8166c74bf/African-countries-have-major-nuclear-ambitions-20160506
Russia and China want the business. But they are unlikely to stick around for the cleanup. It is not in their nature to look beyond the immediate advantage, to the deeper risks.
Image caption Mr Putin (left) is seen here with with the Commander of the Russian Military Air and Space Defence Forces, Alexander Golovko
Russian President Vladimir Putin has told their military leadership they should build up their forces in the Arctic as a priority.
Commending the recent restoration of an airfield in the region, they said Russia needed to use every means to protect its national interests in the region.
They were speaking after Canada announced plans to claim the continental shelf under the North Pole.
Russia and Denmark also lay claim to parts of the resource-rich shelf.
Mr Putin has spoken about the need to increase Russia's military capacity in the Arctic before but this was one of their most direct orders yet, the BBC's Daniel Sandford reports from Moscow.
It is a sign of the growing manoeuvring by the Arctic nations for the potentially valuable resources beneath the northern seas, our correspondent says.
The Arctic is estimated to have 30% of the world's undiscovered gas and 15% of the undiscovered oil. Climate change and advances in drilling technology mean these reserves are becoming easier and cheaper to exploit.
New air bases
At a big meeting of the country's top military officers on Tuesday, President Putin asked them to pay "particular attention to the deployment of infrastructure and military units in the Arctic".
They thanked the defence staff for re-opening this summer an old Soviet airbase abandoned 20 years ago on the Novosibirsk Islands in the high Arctic.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The North Polar region is home to not only polar bears but vast untapped resources under the ice
More air bases would follow, they said, in Tiksi and Severomorsk.
"Next year, we have to complete the formation of new large units and military divisions [in the Arctic]," Mr Putin added.
In August 2007, Russian explorers travelling in mini-submarines planted their country's flag on the seabed 4,200m (14,000ft) below the North Pole to further Moscow's claims to the Arctic.
The detention of a Greenpeace ship and its crew after they protested at a Russian Arctic oil platform in September highlighted Moscow's sensitivity to criticism of its prospecting in the region.
On Monday, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird said their country intended to extend its seabed claims in the Arctic to include the North Pole.
They said the Conservative government had asked scientists to work on a future submission to the UN claiming that the outer limits of its continental shelf include the Pole.
'Political' claim
Under international law, no country has sovereignty over the North Pole, one of the remotest and harshest parts of the planet.
Canada applied to extend its seabed claims in the Atlantic last week, including some preliminary Arctic claims.
Michael Byers, an expert on the Arctic and international law at the University of British Columbia, suggested Canada's new claim had as much to do with domestic politics as national interest.
"We're talking about the centre of a large, inhospitable ocean that is in total darkness for three months each year, thousands of miles from any port," they told the Associated Press.
"The water in the North Pole is 12,000 ft [3,650m] deep and will always be covered by sea ice in the winter. It's not a place where anyone is going to be drilling for oil and gas. So it's not about economic stakes, it's about domestic politics."
It's been 36 years since HIV/AIDS first popped up in the US. The disease quickly spiraled into an epidemic, but medical advances have since made HIV controllable with medication — especially if diagnosed early. An estimated 1.1 million Americans currently live with HIV in the US, however, and thousands still die from AIDS every year. AIDSVu, a project run by Emory University's Rollins School of Public Health in partnership with biotech company Gilead Sciences, has been mapping HIV by county since 2010. On Wednesday, it released its newest data — the maps show the prevalence of HIV as of 2014, as well as new diagnoses from 2008 to 2015. Here's what the researchers found. Slides View As: One Page
AIDSVu gets its data from state and city health departments that collect information on a local level. This map looks at the number of new HIV diagnoses, with darker purple denoting more diagnoses in a given county.
By mapping HIV rates on a local level, public health officials can get insight into which groups might need more attention (based on geography or demographics). Here's the breakdown of Seattle by zip code — the first time AIDSVu has collected this detailed of information about the city.
Dr. Patrick Sullivan, the project's lead researcher, told Business Insider that southern states are disproportionately affected by HIV. In this map, the darkest red shows areas with more than 381 diagnoses per 100,000 people.
In fact, the five cities with the highest rates of new diagnoses are all in the south: Miami, Jackson, New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and Atlanta. Here's Atlanta's breakdown by zip code — the darkest purple represents areas where there were more than 114 new diagnoses per 100,000 people in 2015.
Sullivan also said that one age group is experiencing a disproportionate amount of new diagnoses: Those between the ages of 13 and 24. Here's what the number of cases of HIV looks like across the country for 13 to 24 year olds (though in some counties the data was not released). This group accounted for more than 25% of all new diagnoses, a 2% increase from the year before. New diagnoses overall, however, have decreased by 18% over a 7-year period.
CLOSE Here is a guide to understanding LGBT terms. Sara Snyder, USA TODAY
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will have to approve the final transgender policy. (Photo11: TASOS KATOPODIS, EPA)
WASHINGTON — The Army has begun compulsory transgender sensitivity training for soldiers and civilians as the Pentagon makes halting progress in its efforts establish policies to accept transgender troops.
The Army held sessions Tuesday — compulsory for all officers, non-commissioned officers and civilians who work with soldiers — to help them implement military policy on transgender troops and to "assist soldiers who have a medical diagnosis indicating that gender transition is medically necessary through the gender transition process."
The training sessions spring from the decision last year by then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter to rescind the military's ban on transgender troops. Carter's move allowed transgender troops in uniform to continue to serve, but it gave the services one year to implement policies for recruiting enlisted troops and commissioning officers who are transgender.
"The training module specifically outlines key roles and responsibilities of commanders, transgender soldiers, military medical providers and administrative management organizations," Lt. Col. Jennifer Johnson, an Army spokesperson said in an email. "This training is mandatory for all uniformed members, as well as Department of the Army civilians."
The 50-minute session, titled Transgender Training, is a "lesson that will assist soldiers in understanding Army policy for the military service of transgender soldiers so that they can implement the policy while maintaining morale, readiness, and good order and discipline" and to train those in their command on the policy.
The Army has planned the training for months in order to meet the July 1 deadline, said Col. Pat Seiber, an Army spokesperson. Some officers have already completed the training, they said.
Readiness concerns
Last week, USA TODAY reported that the Army and Marine Corps has asked the Pentagon for delays in accepting new, transgender troops. Under Carter's plan, the services had until July 1 to establish recruiting policies. The Army now says it needs two more years, and the Marines one year to analyze the impact of accepting them and concerns about their availability to deploy while receiving medical treatment.
Their requests for delays followed a May 31 memo from Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work to the services calling for an update on their plans accepting transgender troops. Work instructed leaders of the armed services that Pentagon leadership didn't intend to reconsider the Obama administration-era policies unless they could "cause readiness problems that could lessen our ability to fight, survive and win on the battlefield."
The lack of a policy on accepting new transgender troops has already caused problems for the services. Last month, graduates from the Air Force and Army's prestigious service academies could not be commissioned as new officers because the services had not set standards for their acceptance.
There are an estimated 6,000 transgender troops among the Pentagon's 1.3 million-member active-duty force, according to a 2016 study by the non-profit RAND Corp. Researchers there concluded that incorporating transgender troops into the ranks would have a negligible impact on the military's readiness to fight.
Prior to last year's decision to rescind the ban, the military dismissed transgender troops from service based on medical concerns.
The Pentagon needs to lift the ban, pure and simple, said Aaron Belkin, executive of the Palm Center, a nonprofit group that advocates for transgender troops.
"All research, including the military's own research, the RAND report, and studies of foreign militaries, confirms again and again that inclusiveness promotes readiness," Belkin said. "But social conservatives don't care, and they're trying to hoodwink the public into believing that there's a decision to be made, that policy hasn't been established, and that there's a problem. But there is no problem. Transgender troops have been serving loyally for a year. All policies and guidelines have already been completed, and the military has been training for a year​. Nothing else ​needs to be done to lift the ban aside from simply lifting the ban."
Read more:
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2tj5d9p
Trump Lost More Of The Asian-American Vote Than The National Exit Polls Showed
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Lennihan/AP Mark Lennihan/AP
Updated: 2:19 p.m. ET
By all accounts, President Trump did not win the Asian-American vote in 2016. But the size of Hillary Clinton's margin of victory with voters in the fastest-growing racial group in the U.S. depends upon which exit poll you rely.
The National Exit Poll, funded by the major national media organizations, shows that Clinton won roughly two-thirds (65 percent) of Asian-American votes, while Trump received just over a quarter (27 percent), according to pollsters at Edison Research.
Asian-American support for Clinton was even more pronounced, though, in exit polling by the Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund, or AALDEF, which provided NPR a preview of its latest report.
According to AALDEF's poll, Clinton's support was closer to winning four-in-five Asian-American voters (79 percent) with just 18 percent for Trump.
The difference in the results lies, in large part, because of how the polling was conducted. AALDEF surveyed close to 14,000 Asian-American voters, more than 14 times the number of Asian-American participants in Edison Research's poll.
While Edison Research conducted polling in English and Spanish, AALDEF used questionnaires written in English and 11 Asian languages including Chinese, Bengali, Korean, Tagalog, and Vietnamese, plus volunteers who could speak 23 Asian languages and dialects.
Similar to a Latino Decisions exit poll of Hispanic voters, the wider sample and the wider variety of languages likely means the AALDEF exit poll is more accurate.
At 18 percent, Trump fared slightly worse with the Asian-American vote than Mitt Romney, who won 21 percent in 2012, and John McCain, who won 23 percent in 2008, according to previous exit polling by AALDEF.
But the Republican-Democratic split last year remained fairly similar compared to those of the last two presidential elections, proving once again that Asian-Americans as a whole vote for Democratic candidates in national elections. Clinton received their strongest support from South Asian-American voters, including those of Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Indo-Caribbean and Indian descent.
A greater share of Asian-American Republican voters (20 percent) did cross-party lines to vote for the Democratic candidate compared to 2012 (13 percent) and 2008 (17 percent). Trump also saw a drop in support from Vietnamese-American voters, historically a base of Republican support among the Asian-American electorate. While 54 percent supported Romney and 67 percent supported McCain, Trump only won 32 percent of the Vietnamese-American vote.
Jerry Vattamala, who runs AALDEF's exit polling, attributes these shifts to Trump's campaign rhetoric targeting immigrants and Muslims. "There was a big departure from the established party stances on policies that have been in place for decades. Then, there was the specific targeting of Asian countries like China," said Vattamala, director of AALDEF's democracy program.
Still, while Clinton received the majority of votes among Asian-Americans born in and outside of the U.S., Trump received a greater share of votes from foreign-born voters (22 percent) than from those born in the U.S. (8 percent).
It's a sign of the nuances within a diverse and growing voting group that, Vattamala says, saw unprecedented outreach efforts from presidential campaigns last year despite its relatively small size compared to other racial groups.
Support from Asian-Americans has been a challenge for the Republican Party and could continue to be so in the coming years. Trump won an Electoral College victory last November, but lost the popular vote. Asian-Americans preferred Clinton by a 2-1 margin.
Looking ahead, the economy and jobs are the most important issues Asian-American voters want the Trump administration and Congress to work on. The exit poll also found that a majority supports stricter gun-control laws; an overhaul of immigration laws that includes a path to citizenship; and laws protecting LGBT people from discrimination in employment, housing and public accommodations. (A fissure point among Asian-American voters was a question about police accountability, which drew the sharpest divisions between different ethnic and age groups.)
"The parties and candidates will be well served to make sure that the voters are being treated in a fair way and having their needs addressed," Vattamala says. "Especially in these swing states and in close races, Asian-Americans can very well be the difference in who wins and who loses."
THE Wanderers' fan group, the Red and Black Bloc, could see its capacity at Pirtek Stadium doubled next season under plans for the venue's upgrade.
The Northern Terrace, the RBB's home section at Wanderers home games, will be remodelled to include so-called “safe standing” areas and be increased to a limit of 5000 under advanced planning.
The so-called “active support” end at the Parramatta venue is fully subscribed thanks to the RBB's swelling numbers, but is among the first parts of the ground targeted by the $30 million upgrade, with more seats to be installed at the opposite end, lifting capacity to between 24,000-25,000.
Other, less visible areas to be redeveloped would be the dressing rooms and training facilities, with longer-term aims of increasing the capacity further and remodelling corporate function areas.
The “safe-standing” areas would be based on a design pioneered in Europe and used by a number of clubs in Germany's Bundesliga.
There are still rows of seats installed, but the seats flip up and can be locked in place, creating instead rows of terraces that are divided by barriers to prevent any danger of fans getting crushed together.
News_Image_File: The ‘safe-standing' fold-away seats used by some European clubs.
The RBB has been credited with the creation of a uniquely passionate atmosphere at Wanderers games, and Western Sydney chairperson Lyall Gorman said it deserved to be allowed to grow.
“The safe-standing idea was a turning point for the Bundesliga which now has the largest average attendances in Europe,” Gorman said.
“It could change the dynamics of our support but also of the league, just as the RBB did in the first place. They have created the finest atmosphere at any regular sporting venue, but this could help them take it to another level again.
“If we can allow more people to be part of the active support area, that can only add to the effect of what they do.”
Defender Nikolai Topor-Stanley said the RBB's “electric atmosphere” deserved to be expanded.
“It's well known they're some of the most passionate fans, if not the most passionate and loud fans, in the league and in sport in Australia,” they said.
“They create a wonderful and electric atmosphere. Every time we play it's absolutely amazing to be a part of that and play in front of them.
News_Rich_Media: Tara Rushton and Mark Rudan preview the clash between Western Sydney Wanderers and Perth Glory.
“It's great to see people's passion for football coming out and especially that they're all from different cultures, different backgrounds, different walks of life and they all come together for the one cause.
“So to be part of that and to have the opportunity to play in front of them is great and it's an honour.
“They are single-handedly coming up with amazing things every game and it's great they can represent the club and be something bigger and continue to do that.”
The Wanderers play their fifth game in 15 days today when they host Perth Glory, desperate to end a three-match winless streak in the A-League.
Topor-Stanley admitted that fatigue would be an issue after juggling commitments across the Asian Champions League and the A-League.
“Fatigue is going to be there, but mentally you have to deal with that,” they said. “We are quite fit and we're physically well conditioned and that's something we're going to have to deal with.
“I'm sure we're not the only people who are feeling fatigued in the league.”
A standoff with police ended peacefully early Friday morning after a man had locked themselves in east-end motel, claiming they had a gun.
A release from the Kingston Police said the man gave themselves up at 1:30 a.m., having barricaded themselves for close to 11 hours. Their name or the reason why they decided to barricade themselves were not given.
Hwy. 2 was reopened to traffic.
Police cordoned off an east-end motel Thursday around 2:30 p.m., after a man called The Whig-Standard claiming to have barricaded themselves in a local hotel with a gun.
A man identifying themselves as Bronco called The Whig-Standard office said that their sister had died earlier this week and that they "was being set up".
They then said they were at the Siesta Motel.
"I'm barricading myself and I've got a gun," they said.
The Whig-Standard called the Kingston Police and they responded to the scene.
“We received information at approximately 2:30 p.m. this afternoon in regards to the fact that there's a male barricaded at the Siesta Motel,” said Kingston Police Const. Steve Koopman at the corner of Hwy. 2 and Hwy. 15. late Thursday afternoon.
Police blocked off a wide safety zone around the motel, setting up barricades at Glenview Avenue east of the motel and Niagara Park Drive to the west.
Eastbound traffic was re-routed up Hwy. 15 and westbound traffic up Abbey Dawn Road.
With schools wrapping up for the day, the standoff created a traffic headache for many with school buses and other traffic having to be rerouted from the east end's busiest thoroughfare.
“We're doing that for public safety reasons, to contain the scene and make sure that everyone is safe including the individual we're talking to,” Koopman explained.
At the time, they wouldn't divulge the number of officers on the scene or if police have deployed their emergency response team, for safety reason.
“Because we want to make sure that information isn't being accidentally passed on to the individual,” Koopman said.
Due to the internet and social media there have been cases in the United States, Koopman said, where the barricaded individual can get information police resources and where they may be located during the standoff.
“So we have to be careful of that,” they said.
Getting the man out of the hotel was not a simple matter.
“To our understanding have one lone male barricaded at the Siesta Motel. Obviously that person has some issues and we're trying to touch base and be in contact with that person and trying to hopefully have a happy resolution for everybody and one that is safe.”
Police evacuated other guests at the hotel and advised neighbours in the area to either stay in their homes or evacuate with the help of police.
“We're trying to obviously isolate and contain this individual so that there are no extra factors we have to consider.”
War crimes next October surprise?
It's early October 2008, and Democratic nominee Barack Obama maintains a steady lead in the presidential race, although Republican standard-bearer John McCain, the most dogged campaigner in American politics, remains within striking range.
Suddenly, something happens overseas that throws the presidential campaigns off the TV screens entirely: Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, on vacation in Italy, is arrested and brought to The Hague to face war crimes charges.
Story Continued Below
Presidential campaigns try to prepare for these “October surprises,” late-breaking events and crises that can radically alter the race for the White House, such as the attack on the USS Cole in October 2000.
But now there's a new element in the mix, something presidential campaigns have never had to plan for.
What if the October surprise is the greatest legal conflict between America and Europe since the creation of the Atlantic alliance?
Don't think it can't happen. I think the arrest abroad of an American is only a matter of time and, between now and November, is at least as likely as another terrorist attack on U.S. soil. As a former Marine Corps Commandant, Gen. Paul X. Kelley, reminded the nation in a July 2007 Washington Post op-ed, written with a University of Virginia law professor: “Violations of Common Article 3 are ‘war crimes' for which everyone involved — potentially up to and including the president of the United States — may be tried in any of the other 193 countries that are parties to the conventions.”
Courts in Italy and Germany already have issued warrants demanding the arrest of CIA operatives for illegally kidnapping and allegedly torturing citizens and residents of their nations. More than 30 U.S. citizens have been named, their CIA covers blown. These warrants have not been executed, primarily for diplomatic reasons. But they could be acted upon rapidly with a simple decision by either government.
And other names — of those directly involved in “enhanced interrogation techniques” — are starting to emerge overseas.
Former high-ranking government officials might want to also think twice about traveling to Europe this summer. Just this week, new evidence emerged that waterboarding and other blatant methods of torture were specifically and directly authorized in White House meetings. Anyone present is now potentially culpable before an international court.
As former Attorney General John Ashcroft is reported to have presciently said at one such meeting: “Why are we talking about this in the White House? History will not judge this kindly.”
It was Heesters' first performance in their homeland since the 1960s
There were protests and tight security around the theatre in Amersfoort where Johannes Heesters appeared.
Although Heesters insists they never espoused Nazi politics, they performed for Adolf Hitler and visited the Dachau concentration camp.
Correspondents say many Dutch people have never forgiven him.
"He kept singing for the Nazi regime, for the Wehrmacht, and they earned millions," said Piet Schouten, representative of a committee formed to protest against Saturday's performance.
"We have a problem with that on behalf of all the victims," they told national broadcaster NOS.
Johannes Heesters, born Johan, began their career in Amsterdam in the 1920s and moved to Germany in 1935, where they enjoyed a successful career.
Heesters was never accused of being a Nazi propagandist, and the Allies allowed them to continue performing after the war.
They were booed off the stage in Amsterdam when they previously tried to stage a comeback in the early 1960s.
Since then they have performed in other countries, notably Germany and Austria.
Image caption Kim Jong-un (C) was given their first political appointment last month
A top North Korean official has made the first public comments that leader Kim Jong-il is likely to be succeeded by their youngest son, Kim Jong-un.
Yang Hyong Sop, a senior official in the ruling Workers' Party, made the comments during an interview with the Associated Press in Pyongyang.
Kim Jong-un was promoted to top political and military positions at a rare party meeting last month.
The younger Kim's succession would cement the family dynasty.
Kim Jong-il, thought to be in poor health, came to power in 1994, following the death of their father, Kim Il-sung.
Kim Il-sung founded the nation of North Korea in 1948 on policy of self-reliance, and built a cult of personality around them and their son.
Four-star general
Speaking at the start of celebrations to mark the 65th anniversary of the Workers' Party on Sunday, Mr Yang said: "Our people take pride in the fact that they are blessed with great leaders from generation to generation.
"Our people are honoured to be led by the great president Kim Il-sung and the great general Kim Jong-il. Now we also have the honour of being led by General Kim Jong-un," they said.
Image caption Celebrations get under way in Pyongyang to mark the 65th anniversary of the Workers' Party
Little is known about Kim Jong-un, other than they are thought to be about 27 years old and was educated in Switzerland.
The world had its first up-to-date glimpse of the young man last month when state media published a photograph and video footage of them at the party's first congress for 30 years.
At the ceremony in Pyongyang, Kim Jong-un was made vice-chairperson of the Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party and was appointed to its central committee.
They were also given the rank of a four-star general.
These promotions have added to the intense international speculation that the younger Kim is being groomed to succeed their father.
Pyongyang is holding three days of celebrations to mark the 65th anniversary of the Workers' Party.
Officials say they will be biggest of their kind in the nation's history.
The ceremonies are expected to include a firework display on Friday evening, and culminate in a huge military parade in Kim Il-sung Square on Sunday.
Pinta, a free Paint.NET-like image editor, was updated last week to bring several major changes and various small improvements to its users.
There are not a lot of free image editors of that class for Linux, and mtPaint, the closest analog, only ever updates in Git repository these days. So any Pinta updates are welcome.
So, what's new in Pinta 1.4?
Magic Wand modes
The Magic Wand Select tool got five modes to better control selections:
Replace, the default mode, where any newly created selection cue replace the existing one.
Union, where any newly selected regions gets added to the existing selection.
Exclude, where clicking inside an existing selection removes an area from selection, depending on currently set tolerance level.
Xor, which selects areas around existing selection, when you click inside it.
Intersect, where clicking inside an existing selection replaces it with selection under the cursor, depending on the current tolerance level.
The toggle is in the tools options toolbar, and you can use shortcuts to temporarily switch between them.
Unfortunately, Pinta is still not capable of preserving selection between tools. You can't make a selection with a Magic Wand and then finetune it with lasso or another other selection tool. Switching to a new tool just dumps your existing selection. Moreover, pre-existing selection tools don't have boolean modes yet.
So the new tool seems like a beginning of better selection in Pinta. Hopefully upcoming updates of the application will bring some justice.
Layer modes
As Pinta keeps maturing, it gets essential features such as blending modes for layers. The newly released version has 13 of them in addition to the Normal mode.
Most of them are the conventional modes supported by GIMP, Krita, Photoshop et al.: Overlay, Screen, Lighten, Darken and others. You need to double-click the layer in the Layers dock to open the layer properties dialog.
It's all nice and sweet right up till the point where you use any of the non-conventional blending modes, such as Reflect, Glow or Negation (see this page for a reference) and try to open an ORA image in a different application.
The first thing you notice is that apps like GIMP or Krita will fail to open these images correctly: all such layers will use the Normal mode. This is the usual practice, there's nothing arcane about it.
But if you dig deeper, you'll discover that Pinta doesn't attempt to use proper syntax in OpenRaster files for these modes. For modes like Overlay and Screen the application writes the composite-op attribute the usual way, in the SVG namespace, e.g. "svg:screen" . However for its own modes it uses e.g. "pinta-negation" .
Compare that to Krita which uses its own namespace for app-specific blending modes, e.g. "krita:gamma_dark" . It sounds like a purely technical, irrelevant issue, but it means that developers are simply not familiar with the OpenRaster spec.
It's not like we didn't have enough blending modes compatibility issues in free software already. To me it's always sad to see teams disconnected from the ecosystem.
Not that Krita, GIMP or MyPaint teams would jump into action and implement the new modes (Krita team would, probably — they are big on blending modes). But getting involved into conversation early would help to make more informed decisions. Hopefully this will be taken care of.
Apart from that, the new feature is very much welcome.
Other changes
The Color Picker tool got a few improvements. It's now possibly to set area to average colors from: from a single pixel to 9×9px region. Additionally you can pick color from the current layer of the whole image projection (all layers merged).
The Text tool now supports clipboard operations: you can paste a text from system's clipboard or select and paste text from your current text object.
Developers claim that Pinta now uses much less memory. However a quick test reveals that Pinta still eats twice as much memory as GIMP via the Mono process.
There are various cosmetic changes like dropped shadow from image's border, presumably to make better distinction between actual content and surrounding area. Additionally, 39 bugs were fixed.
Overall impression
While Pinta is growing into a nice little image editor, there are several major issues I personally have with the app.
One of them is the text tool and the general state of undo stack. In short, anything you do with text objects isn't recorded in the history, and text objects aren't re-editable. Any text you add to the image is set in stone as soon as you switch away from the text tool. You can only undo adding the text.
Likewise it's quite easy to add shapes inside a selection that won't be tracked by the undo stack, so you can end up with changes which are rendered directly into your layer and which you simply can't undo.
The whole “you don't need adjusting layer properties directly” idea taken from Paint.NET is a bit over the top, but I realize I'm not the target audience. Not having masks on layers is another major problem, but again, this might not be the dealbreaker for the target audience.
Not being able to lock height/width ratio or just width means you can't do even simple things like cropping images for blog posts fast enough. Try making a 600px wide screenshot centered around a dialog with Pinta, and then do the same with GIMP: you'll get the idea.
Finally, lack of palettes management means you need to pick your colors from scratch over and over again each time you start Pinta. Using Gpick for that could help, but unfortunately Pinta neither accepts color drag'n'drop in the main UI, nor loads/saves palette files.
That being said, Pinta keeps getting better. If 3rd party developers start making use of the new add-ins system, and all sorts of annoyances are dealt with, Pinta has very good chances to become the lightweight image editor of choice for people who think GIMP and Krita are an overkill for them. For some of those people Pinta has already become that very editor, I've no doubt.
Pinta is currently available in source code, a build for Ubuntu in a dedicated PPA, and both Windows and Mac installers.
Should the measure fail, the government would face an unprecedented shutdown. Should it pass, lawmakers must still meet to find ways to close the entire budget gap.
“Our anticipation is that the budget extender will pass, that people will not want to shut down government,” said Robert L. Megna, the state budget director, who briefed reporters on the plan at the Capitol on Friday evening.
Mr. Megna said there had been extension discussions with the Legislature about the tobacco package but could not say whether it would pass. “We've been talking to them about it,” they said. “None of this is going to be a surprise.”
Austin Shafran, a spokesperson for Senate Democrats, said, “We're making substantial progress, and our members are going to review the details of the extender on Monday prior to the vote.”
New York's state cigarette tax is currently $2.75 a pack. In their executive budget proposal in January, Mr. Paterson proposed an increase of $1 a pack — a proposal previously opposed by the Senate but supported by the Assembly.
That legislative leaders are now willing to consider the higher tax rate increase of $1.60 suggests how intent Mr. Paterson and the Legislature are to find new revenue to help lubricate the budget negotiations. The Assembly wants to restore some of Mr. Paterson's school aid cuts, while the Senate is insisting on some form of property tax relief.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But neither chamber supports Mr. Paterson's proposal for a tax on sugared beverages, worth $465 million. Mr. Paterson has ruled out borrowing money, which the Legislature would prefer.
Advocates for higher cigarette taxes cheered the proposal, saying it would cut down on smoking, provide the state with badly needed revenue and discourage cigarette smokers from switching one tobacco product for another.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think it's wonderful,” said Peter Slocum, an official with the American Cancer Society. “Increased cigarette taxes have been one of the major successful public health interventions in the last decade in driving smoking rates to record lows in New York City and a lot of other parts of the country, too.”
A cigarette tax increase has been opposed by tobacco retailers, however, who say it merely drives consumers to black market cigarettes. “That large of an increase will further devastate legitimate retail sales of cigarettes and only serve to create more widespread black market cigarette sales and crime in New York,” said Thomas Briant, executive director of the National Association of Tobacco Outlets.
Representatives from the Seneca Nation were in Albany this week to express their concerns about any taxation proposal.
“Certainly we are going to stand up and fight and do everything possible for that not to happen,” J. C. Seneca, a tribal councilor for the Seneca Nation and co-chairperson of their foreign relations committee, said Friday. “We have to protect and honor the treaties that were made by our ancestors, and that's what we're going to do.
“If the state wants to move in that direction, then really we have no choice but to defend our territory and our people's rights.”
Mr. Megna said the state, in an effort to avoid a confrontation, would tax wholesalers who sold cigarettes to Native American tribes. Tribes would be allotted a certain amount tax-free for their residents.
“We would hope that there would not be any violence,” Mr. Megna said. “We're trying to minimize any violent activity and make it clear that their product for their consumption is tax-free. The only thing we're trying to tax is New York State residents' consumption of taxable products.”
In 1996, while helping organise a major conference on male violence against women and girls, I met Fiona Broadfoot. Fiona had recently stopped being involved with prostitution and ran a phone line offering support to women also wishing to escape the sex trade. They told me they had “dozens” of offences for street soliciting, and we spent many hours discussing how to change the law so that prostituted women and men would be no longer treated as criminals. A group of feminists, including Broadfoot, set up a re-education scheme for punters two years later in an attempt to put the onus on the perpetrators, and launched a campaign to decriminalise those unfortunate enough to be caught up in the sex trade.
Ugly mugs: the technology saving the lives of sex workers Read more
Nineteen years on, Broadfoot is finally getting close to achieving their goal. Along with five other women in the UK, they are bringing a legal challenge against the government in an attempt to expunge all the criminal records from soliciting that arise from street prostitution.
The challenge has been a long time coming. Most women in the sex trade have backgrounds of neglect and violence and yet, despite decades of campaigning to change the law, women in street prostitution are still ending up in court in higher numbers than “kerb crawlers”.
A report launched in parliament today by the Nia Project, a London-based women's support service, adds weight to the argument that criminalising prostituted women is an abhorrence as well as being counterproductive. Research I conducted in 2009 on women leaving prostitution found that almost half (49%) of the 114 we interviewed had criminal convictions. All the women considered their criminal record to be a significant barrier to exiting prostitution.
Criminalising the women results in being given fines by the court that they have no way of paying unless they go back on the streets. As one woman interviewed for the Nia report said: “What? And now I got to go out and sell my pussy for the government as my pimp, no way!”
It is almost impossible for women to escape prostitution and find alternative ways to make money
The vast majority of women in prostitution are the victims, not the cause, of violence and abuse, and find themselves in constant danger of harm at the hands of pimps and punters. Countries that have implemented the “Nordic model” – based on a law first introduced in Sweden in 1999 that criminalises the demand for prostitution and decriminalises those selling sex – has two main goals: to curb the demand for prostitution and promote equality between women and men. The law is currently in place in Norway, Finland, Iceland, France, Ireland – and Northern Ireland, and feminists who wish to see an end to the sex trade, such as Broadfoot, are keen to see it implemented in the rest of the UK.
“Why should women be arrested for being abused,” asks Broadfoot. “The women in prostitution have no choice, but the punters that buy us have all the choice.”
Despite working for 21 years to assist women out of the sex trade, and training police officers and social workers in the realities of prostitution, Broadfoot is, in law, a criminal.  They are not atypical. All the women involved in the legal challenge were coerced into prostitution as teenagers, and some have more than 100 convictions from their time in prostitution.
It is almost impossible for women to escape prostitution and find alternative ways to make money. Women with prostitution offences are often reluctant to apply for jobs in the first place, lest they be “outed” if subjected to an enhanced criminal record check. The stigma of prostitution remains firmly on the women, not the men who buy them. The jobs where such a check is mandatory are those involving vulnerable and young people. I have lost count of the number of formerly prostituted women who have told me they tried to volunteer or find work in a women's refuge or youth project, only to be told they were “unsuitable” because they had soliciting offences.
Sex robots: innovation driven by male masturbatory fantasy is no revolution | Suzanne Moore Read more
I have also met a woman who was not allowed to enter the school gates with their young child because they were considered a “sex offender” due to their multiple criminal offences for street-based soliciting. “I saw one of my [previous] punters there one day,” they told me, “driving their kids in their fancy car and chatting to one of the teachers, all smiles.”
Despite the popular argument that decriminalising the entire sex trade – including brothel-owning and buying sex – would solve the problems faced by prostituted women, this approach has proved to be a disaster. Despite the proliferation of the idea of “empowered” and “happy” sex workers popularised through certain media and “sex workers' rights” campaign groups, the fact remains that the sex trade is a brutal and sadistic world that exists for the profit and pleasure of the men who drive the demand.
The least any civilised society can do is stop treating women in prostitution as criminals, and turn the attention to the abusers and exploiters who profit from the sale of misery.
• Julie Bindel is the author of The Pimping of Prostitution: Abolishing the Sex Work Myth, to be published in September 2017
What your child eats has a big influence on their intelligence and cognitive powers!
Your little kid is growing up to be a naughty toddler, and is learning and discovering new things with each passing day. Very soon, they will be ready to enter school and learn new activities, and it's time you gear them up for what's about to come.
Our List Of 10 Foods For Brain Development In Children:
At this crucial stage of development, your child's diet will play a very important role in nurturing their intelligence, so make sure you give them the best they need. To help you, we've put down the 10 best kids brain development foods.
1. Greens:
Sponsored
Green leafy veggies like spinach and kale are rich in folate and vitamins, which are linked to brain growth. Your kid may hate these for all the reasons, but you must find ways to sneak these to your kid's meals. Add it to your kid's omelettes, wraps and rolls with lettuce and tomatoes.
[ Read: Nutritious Food For Kids ]
2. Yogurt:
Yoghurt is a great source of vitamin B and proteins, which improve the function and growth of brain tissues. They also contain probiotic bacteria that improve digestive health. A cup of yogurt, blended with some fresh berries makes for a quick and yummy smoothie.
3. Eggs:
Eggs are a rich source of protein, and also contain good amounts of choline; a nutrient that is necessary for the proper function and development of the brain. One of the best facts is that eggs are extremely versatile. Add them to sandwiches, wraps and salads, and you're done!
[ Read: Egg Recipes For Kids ]
4. Fish:
Fish is also considered the best food for brain development in children. Fishes like salmon, sardines and tuna are a rich source of vitamin D and omega 3 fatty acids. Both the nutrients are responsible to protect the brain against memory loss and age related memory decline. Omega 3 fatty acids also give your kid's immunity a boost, so make sure you include at least 2-3 servings of this one every week.
5. Kidney Beans:
Kidney beans are thought to be great for those affected by asthma, and serve as a good source of protein for vegetarians. Consumption of kidney beans is believed to boost memory and prevent many lifestyle related disorders.
[ Read: Iron Rich Food For Kids ]
6. Berries:
Berries are literally packed with valuable antioxidants that help prevent free radical damage to the brain and keep your kid's memory in top shape. Plus, they also provide the body a good dose of vitamin C, which improves immune function. Add some to your child's cereal or oatmeal, or quick desserts, and your kid will gobble them down in no time.
7. Nuts & Seeds:
From walnuts and almonds to flax seeds and chia seeds- make sure you add these to your kid's diet. These are full of protein and essential fatty acids that boost mood and keep your kid's nervous system healthy and functioning better.
[ Read: Bread Recipes For Kids ]
8. Oatmeal:
Oatmeal isn't just great for you, it's a cool breakfast option for your kid too. Rich in fiber, it is thought to keep the heart and brain arteries clear. In fact, studies have also confirmed how kids who consumed oatmeal performed better on memory related tasks than other kids. Need we say more?
9. Apples:
Lunch-box friendly and amazingly versatile, apples make for a quick and healthy snack for your kid when he's hit by a sweet craving. Apples contain vital antioxidants that fight cognitive decline, but try to buy the organic variety to steer clear of the risk of pesticides and chemical additives affecting your kid's health.
10. Turmeric:
Known for its anti-inflammatory properties, turmeric is one of the best memory-boosting foods you could add to your kid's diet. Its curcumin content helps brain function and also fights inflammation of brain tissues, making them stronger and resistant to Alzheimer's disease and plaque formation. If you enjoy Indian cuisine, you are all set because most Indian dishes are prepared with turmeric.
As you can see, it is quite easy to sneak in these foods for brain development in children's diet. Doing so will ensure their mental well being in a natural way. Please share your own suggestions on brain food for kids in the comments section below.
Recommended Articles:
Representative Ron Paul, the libertarian-leaning member of congress from Texas who attracted a devoted following in their bid for the Republican nomination, is once again trying to shake up the presidential race.
At a press conference in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday, Mr. Paul plans to urge voters to support one of the third-party candidates for president rather than cast their ballot for either Senator Barack Obama, the Democratic nominee, or Senator John McCain, the Republican candidate.
“At a time when 60 percent of the American people are dissatisfied with their presidential choices,” Mr. Paul said in a statement, “this could be the year that third-party option brings in a big chunk of the vote.”
And Mr. Paul intends to showcase some of those options at the National Press Club on Wednesday. They will be joined by Ralph Nader, an independent candidate, Chuck Baldwin of the Constitution Party, former Representative Bob Barr of Georgia, who is running on the Libertarian Party ticket and former Georgia member of congress, Cynthia McKinney, who is the Green Party's presidential candidate.
According to a spokesperson, Mr. Paul plans to say that the Republican and Democratic candidates “have no substantive differences on important issues.”
The four third-party candidates, on the other hand, have agreed to sign on to a four-point plan that includes balancing the federal budget, bringing American troops home, protecting civil liberties and investigating the Federal Reserve.
Mr. Paul's iconoclastic ways have earned them the scorn of some, especially in the Republican party, who fear they could sap votes from Senator McCain on Election Day, even as they have continued to inspire others who back their reform agenda. Several thousand turned out for their “Rally for Liberty,” in Minneapolis last week, an alternative to the much Republican convention taking place nearby.
Despite that following, they have refused to run on an alternate ticket, saying they are a Republican.
An estranged former member of direct action anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd alleges it ordered its own boat to be scuttled to win public sympathy.
Peter Bethune was captain of the hi-tech Ady Gil when its bow was shorn off in a collision with a Japanese whaler it was shadowing in January.
It sank two days later, but Mr Bethune now alleges they were ordered to scuttle it by Sea Shepherd head Paul Watson.
Mr Watson denies the claim - the latest twist in a bitter row between the two.
Commentators say the feud threatens to undermine the standing of the anti-whaling lobby in the publicity battle over Japan's whaling programme.
'Ashamed'
Mr Bethune told New Zealand's National Radio they believed Mr Watson wanted the sinking to "garner sympathy with the public and to create better TV".
Image caption Relations between Bethune, left, and Watson seem to have descended into acrimony
"Paul Watson was my admiral. They gave me an order and I carried it out," Mr Bethune said, according to Associated Press.
"I was ashamed of it at the time and I'm ashamed of it now."
But Mr Watson denied the allegations, saying Mr Bethune was bitter because they had fallen out with Sea Shepherd.
"No-one ordered them to scuttle it. Pete Bethune was captain of the Ady Gil, all decisions on the Ady Gil were his," they said, according to AFP news agency.
Sea Shepherd shot to prominence as the futuristic trimaran Ady Gil pursued the Japanese whaler Shonan Maru 2 through Antarctic waters in January - spawning coverage such as the TV show Whale Wars.
But it soon courted controversy as Mr Bethune boarded the Shonan Maru 2 to confront the captain over the collision which ended in the sinking of the Ady Gil.
They ended up spending five months in a Japanese jail awaiting trial and was finally given a suspended sentence after admitting obstructing commercial activities, trespass, vandalism and carrying a knife.
Sea Shepherd distanced itself from Mr Bethune during their detention - though it later claimed this was a ploy to gain a lenient sentence.
Mr Watson now reportedly says Mr Bethune was expelled from Sea Shepherd in October after it discovered the New Zealander had given false information to Japanese authorities about Mr Watson in exchange for leniency.
This month marks the twenty-fifth anniversary of Clarence Thomas's confirmation to the Supreme Court. Conservatives like Thomas have dominated the Court throughout their tenure, and they have been in the majority in all of their victories. That raises a question: What's the most important opinion Thomas has written for the majority during their tenure on the Court?
Thomas didn't write Bush v. Gore, in 2000, nor did they write Citizens United, the campaign-finance case, in 2010. Thomas was in the majority for the Shelby County case, in 2013, which eviscerated the Voting Rights Act, but they didn't write that one, either. When the Court upheld Congress's ban on so-called partial-birth abortions, in 2007, Thomas voted with the majority (against abortion rights, as they have always voted), but they did not write for the Court. And Thomas has been in the minority in all the liberal victories of their era—in the Court's rejections of the Bush Administration's treatment of detainees at Guantánamo (Hamdan, Hamdi, and Boumediene), in the Court's embrace of equal rights for gay people (Lawrence, Windsor, Obergefell), in its rejection of the death penalty for juveniles (Roper) and for the mentally retarded (Atkins).
It's a trick question, in a way. Neither Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who presided over Thomas's first fourteen years on the Court, nor Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr., who has run the court for the past eleven, ever assigned Thomas a landmark opinion for the Court. Thomas's admirers cite such opinions as Good News Club v. Milford Central School, in 2001, which found that a public school had to allow a religious group to meet on campus after hours. That was indeed a conservative victory, but hardly comparable in magnitude to others handed down during their tenure. The truth is that Rehnquist and Roberts never trusted Thomas to write an opinion in a big case that could command a majority of even their conservative colleagues.
Why was this? It is because Thomas is not a conservative but, rather, a radical—one whose entire career on the Court has been devoted to undermining the rules of precedent in favor of their own idiosyncratic interpretation of the Constitution. By their own account, Thomas is an extreme originalist, one who is guided exclusively by their own understanding of what the words of the Constitution mean rather than what the other hundred and eleven people who have served on the Court in its history have judged them to mean. Their vision is more reactionary than that of any Justice who has served on the Court since the nineteen-thirties, and their views are closest to those of the Justices who struck down much of the New Deal during that era. Indeed, in a concurring opinion in 1995, Thomas basically embraced this antediluvian view of the Constitution, writing, “I am aware of no cases prior to the New Deal that characterized the power flowing from the Commerce Clause as sweepingly as does our substantial effects test. My review of the case law indicates that the substantial effects test is but an innovation of the 20th century. . . . At an appropriate juncture, I think we must modify our Commerce Clause jurisprudence.”
Authorship is not the only measure of influence, and in dissenting and concurring opinions Thomas has introduced certain conservative ideas into the bloodstream of Supreme Court opinions that have later commanded majorities. In a concurrence in Printz v. United States, in 1997, Thomas suggested that the Second Amendment confers on individuals a right to bear arms, which the Court had never before held. Eleven years later, in Justice Antonin Scalia's opinion in Heller v. District of Columbia, that view became the law of the land. Similarly, in a separate opinion in McIntyre v. Ohio Elections Commission, in 1995, Thomas laid some of the intellectual groundwork for the Citizens United decision and the Court's deregulation of political campaigns. These cases, however, are exceptions. For the most part, Thomas has been on a Court of their own.
Thomas was a young man of forty-three when they joined the Court, and they are now sixty-eight. Their views, which never really found favor even in the years of conservative ascendancy, appear headed even further from the mainstream. The Court is now evenly divided between liberals and conservatives, and Hillary Clinton appears poised to fill the ninth seat, giving liberals a majority for the first time in decades. After years at the periphery of the Court, Thomas looks destined to serve out their term at the even more distant fringe.
Being struck by lightning is definitely more likely than winning the Powerball jackpot: Every year, lightning kills an average of 79 individuals, according to a new report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In every year since 1968, lighting has consistently killed many more American men than women, according to the report.
The data was released just days before a lightning strike injured 12 male soldiers at a base in Fort Carson, Colo.
Lightning killed 21 men in 2010, the most recent year for which data is available. That number represents a steady decline in male deaths from lightning since 1968 when the death toll was more than 100.
On the other hand, women have had far more success avoiding lightning strikes. The annual deaths for women from lightning have rarely exceeded 20 and have never reached the levels of male deaths.
A recent study by NOAA's National Weather Service might have an explanation for the greater number of men lightning deaths than women. Many of the top leisure activities that expose people to lightning strikes feature mostly male participants.
From 2006 to 2012, fishing, camping, boating, soccer and golf were responsible for the most lightning deaths. Fishing was the top culprit, causing 26 deaths.
The study authors believed that people are most vulnerable to lightning fatalities during these activities because they take extra time to get to safety.
Both the NOAA study and the CDC data show large decreases in total deaths from lightning in the past few decades. Awareness has been key to decreasing the number of lightning deaths. If you are outdoors and hear thunder you should seek shelter immediately, says the NOAA. After lightning is spotted in the area, people are advised to stay indoors for at least 30 minutes.
MORE PHOTOS ON WEATHER.COM: Amazing Images of Lightning
I mentioned this in an earlier post, when I noted that the main reason the GOP appears to have spiked the auto bailout is because Sen. Corker thinks UAW workers make too much money, but this comment makes me think that we need to bring it up again to drive the point home:
Also, isn't it ODD to have US Senators negotiating wage and benefit levels with the employees of private companies? These Southern Senators were actually NEGOTIATING WAGE LEVELS with the UAW leadership in a back room while they were filibustering the bill. Is that outrageous? Unheard of? What. The. Fuck? Still, autoworkers remain angry with the senators who tried to negotiate wage and benefit concessions from the union, then scuttled the House-passed bill that would have granted the loans and set up a “car czar” to oversee the nearly insolvent companies and get concessions from the union and creditors. Their top targets were Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.); Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), who led negotiations on a compromise; and Senator Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), who has been a vocal critic of the loans. Angry United Auto Workers members lash out at Southern senators Just think about that for a minute. That kind of interference is on the level of Terry Schiavo interference. US Senators from “right to work” states with foreign auto plants trying to NEGOTIATE WAGE AND BENEFIT LEVELS with workers of private companies doing business IN OTHER STATES. That totally blows me away.
US Senators are openly colluding with foreign auto companies to drive down the wages of American workers. Something to think about the next time you hear “You're either with us or against us.”
And as a side note, as someone who has never really cared much for unions, I am as shocked as anyone to see myself defending the UAW this vigorously. I guess I am just taken aback by how brazen the efforts are to blame this on the workers and to let the economy explode just to destroy unions. It is pretty mind-boggling, and that is even after a pretty amazingly awful eight years of suck.
*** Update ***
Also, well-known pink commie Ben Stein was really in rare form last night on Larry King:
BEN STEIN, ECONOMIST: Well I think what happened was that the Republicans were sick of the bailout and they were also sick of the idea that the autoworkers had voted Democrat so many times and turned Michigan into an entirely Democratic state and they're also a little envious on behalf of the constituents of the way — the imaginary super wage benefit legacy cause. But I think they made a terrible and unpatriotic mistake. We're teetering on the brink of a depression. We can ship money to Iraqi warlords and giant cargo planes. We ship money all over the world. We can't ship it to help our own people? We can ship it to Goldman Sachs and rescue people that get $100 million a year but we can't rescue an autoworker and their family? That's crazy. *** STEIN: But it is going to do a lot to deal with the onrushing depression business. That's the problem. The problem isn't the about business model of GM has failed. We know its failed. The business model of Goldman Sachs has failed. We've got a lot of failed business models. What we are having is an onrushing depression. We have got to stop it now. We have got to have a government contra-cyclical action that stops it. If we fall off a cliff into depression, it will be so much worse than any of the bailout costs. You cannot imagine it. You do not want to let this go into Great Depression. *** STEIN: I absolutely agree, absolutely right. The government shoved tens of billions of dollars down the throats of banks who said, we don't even want it. Now Detroit and the workers there who are decent Americans are begging for it. For gosh sake, let's do the right thing.
You really need to read the entire thing. However wrong Ben Stein might be on any number of issues, they at least appears to working from a reality based environment on this. for the life of me, I don't understand how people think if these companies all fail the only fall-out will be a few union workers won't be living high on the hog. For christ's sake, even Toyota is worried.
*** Update #2 ***
I rather like this:
“I don't know what Sen. Vitter has against GM or the United Auto Workers or the entire domestic auto industry; whatever it is, whatever they think we've done, it's time for them to forgive us, just like Sen. Vitter has asked the citizens of Louisiana to forgive him, ” said Johnson, president of Local 2166. Otherwise, Johnson said of Vitter, it would appear, “He'd rather pay a prostitute than pay autoworkers.”
That ought to wrinkle Vitter's diaper.
AngularJS is a great JavaScript framework that has some very compelling features for not only developers, but designers as well! In this tutorial, we will cover what I consider to be the most essential features, and how they can help make your next web application awesome.
To get an idea of what you can do with AngularJS, check out the range of AngularJS items on Envato Market. You can find an image cropper, an eCommerce web application, a JSON editor, and much more.
AngularJS items on Envato Market
The Elevator Pitch: AngularJS in a Nutshell
AngularJS is a new, powerful, client-side technology that provides a way of accomplishing really powerful things in a way that embraces and extends HTML, CSS and JavaScript, while shoring up some of its glaring deficiencies. It is what HTML would have been, had it been built for dynamic content.
In this article, we will cover a few of the most important AngularJS concepts to get the "big picture." It is my goal that, after seeing some of these features, you will be excited enough to go and build something fun with AngularJS.
Feature 1: Two Way Data-Binding
Think of your model as the single-source-of-truth for your application. Your model is where you go to to read or update anything in your application.
Data-binding is probably the coolest and most useful feature in AngularJS. It will save you from writing a considerable amount of boilerplate code. A typical web application may contain up to 80% of its code base, dedicated to traversing, manipulating, and listening to the DOM. Data-binding makes this code disappear, so you can focus on your application.
Think of your model as the single-source-of-truth for your application. Your model is where you go to to read or update anything in your application. The data-binding directives provide a projection of your model to the application view. This projection is seamless, and occurs without any effort from you.
Traditionally, when the model changes, the developer is responsible for manually manipulating the DOM elements and attributes to reflect these changes. This is a two-way street. In one direction, the model changes drive change in DOM elements. In the other, DOM element changes necessitate changes in the model. This is further complicated by user interaction, since the developer is then responsible for interpreting the interactions, merging them into a model, and updating the view. This is a very manual and cumbersome process, which becomes difficult to control, as an application grows in size and complexity.
There must be a better way! AngularJS' two-way data-binding handles the synchronization between the DOM and the model, and vice versa.
Here is a simple example, which demonstrates how to bind an input value to an <h1> element.
This is extremely simple to set up, and almost magical…
Feature 2: Templates
It's important to realize that at no point does AngularJS manipulate the template as strings. It's all the browser DOM.
In AngularJS, a template is just plain-old-HTML. The HTML vocabulary is extended, to contain instructions on how the model should be projected into the view.
The HTML templates are parsed by the browser into the DOM. The DOM then becomes the input to the AngularJS compiler. AngularJS traverses the DOM template for rendering instructions, which are called directives. Collectively, the directives are responsible for setting up the data-binding for your application view.
It is important to realize that at no point does AngularJS manipulate the template as strings. The input to AngularJS is browser DOM and not an HTML string. The data-bindings are DOM transformations, not string concatenations or innerHTML changes. Using the DOM as the input, rather than strings, is the biggest differentiation AngularJS has from its sibling frameworks. Using the DOM is what allows you to extend the directive vocabulary and build your own directives, or even abstract them into reusable components!
One of the greatest advantages to this approach is that it creates a tight workflow between designers and developers. Designers can mark up their HTML as they normally would, and then developers take the baton and hook in functionality, via bindings with very little effort.
Here is an example where I am using the ng-repeat directive to loop over the images array and populate what is essentially an img template.
It is also worth mentioning, as a side note, that AngularJS does not force you to learn a new syntax or extract your templates from your application.
Feature 3: MVC
AngularJS incorporates the basic principles behind the original MVC software design pattern into how it builds client-side web applications.
The MVC or Model-View-Controller pattern means a lot of different things to different people. AngularJS does not implement MVC in the traditional sense, but rather something closer to MVVM (Model-View-ViewModel).
The Model
The model is simply the data in the application. The model is just plain old JavaScript objects. There is no need to inherit from framework classes, wrap it in proxy objects, or use special getter/setter methods to access it. The fact that we are dealing with vanilla JavaScript is a really nice feature, which cuts down on the application boilerplate.
The ViewModel
A viewmodel is an object that provides specific data and methods to maintain specific views.
The viewmodel is the $scope object that lives within the AngularJS application. $scope is just a simple JavaScript object with a small API designed to detect and broadcast changes to its state.
The Controller
The controller is responsible for setting initial state and augmenting $scope with methods to control behavior. It is worth noting that the controller does not store state and does not interact with remote services.
The View
The view is the HTML that exists after AngularJS has parsed and compiled the HTML to include rendered markup and bindings.
This division creates a solid foundation to architect your application. The $scope has a reference to the data, the controller defines behavior, and the view handles the layout and handing off interaction to the controller to respond accordingly.
Feature 4: Dependency Injection
AngularJS has a built-in dependency injection subsystem that helps the developer by making the application easier to develop, understand, and test.
Dependency Injection (DI) allows you to ask for your dependencies, rather than having to go look for them or make them yourself. Think of it as a way of saying "Hey I need X', and the DI is responsible for creating and providing it for you.
To gain access to core AngularJS services, it is simply a matter of adding that service as a parameter; AngularJS will detect that you need that service and provide an instance for you.
You are also able to define your own custom services and make those available for injection as well.
Feature 5: Directives
Directives are my personal favorite feature of AngularJS. Have you ever wished that your browser would do new tricks for you? Well, now it can! This is one of my favorite parts of AngularJS. It is also probably the most challenging aspect of AngularJS.
Directives can be used to create custom HTML tags that serve as new, custom widgets. They can also be used to "decorate" elements with behavior and manipulate DOM attributes in interesting ways.
Here is a simple example of a directive that listens for an event and updates its $scope , accordingly.
Then, you can use this custom directive, like so.
Creating your application as a composition of discrete components makes it incredibly easy to add, update or delete functionality as needed.
Bonus Feature: Testing
The AngularJS team feels very strongly that any code written in JavaScript needs to come with a strong set of tests. They have designed AngularJS with testability in mind, so that it makes testing your AngularJS applications as easy as possible. So there's no excuse for not doing it.
Given the fact that JavaScript is dynamic and interpreted, rather than compiled, it is extremely important for developers to adopt a disciplined mindset for writing tests.
AngularJS is written entirely from the ground up to be testable. It even comes with an end-to-end and unit test runner setup. If you would like to see this in action, go check out the angular-seed project at https://github.com/angular/angular-seed.
Once you have the seed project, it's a cinch to run the tests against it. Here is what the output looks like:
The API documentation is full of end-to-end tests that do an incredible job of illustrating how a certain part of the framework should work. After a while, I found myself going straight to the tests to see how something worked, and then maybe reading the rest of the documentation to figure something out.
Conclusion
We have covered six of the many AngularJS features that I love. I believe that these six features are essential for not only getting up and running with AngularJS, but also putting your application together in a way that is maintainable and extensible.
The website for AngularJS, http://angularjs.org, has plenty of working examples and plenty of excellent documentation. I also recommend checking out the amazing community on the AngularJS mailing list.
Let me know what you think!
Beatrix von Storch (L) and Michael Pretzell, European MEPs from the German right-wing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party | Patrick Seeger/EPA ECR group kicks out German far-right MEPs
Two MEPs from the far-right Alternative for Germany have been asked to leave the European Conservatives and Reformists group in the European Parliament.
"The ECR Bureau met this evening and has invited the AfD to leave the ECR Group before 31st March, otherwise a motion will be tabled to expel them at its next meeting on the 12th April," said a statement from the ECR.
There are two AfD members in the ECR — Beatrix Von Storch and Marcus Pretzell.
A Parliament official said the evictions are unlikely to have any impact on the group, which has 76 MEPs and is the third largest in the Parliament. The group has 20 British MEPs from David Cameron's Tory party.
On Tuesday, von Storch contested the decision to expel them and Pretzell from the group. “There was no majority to vote for the exclusion of the AfD,” they said. “It was a compromise as they know how to do it in Brussels, to avoid losing face. We remain full members of the European Parliament.”
Von Storch reacted angrily on their Facebook page, blaming the decision on a deal between Angela Merkel and David Cameron.
They said Merkel was trying to damage the AfD before regional elections in Germany on March 13, and Cameron was trying to distance their Conservative MEPs — who are part of the ECR — from the AfD ahead of the June 23 referendum on EU membership.
"Two political gamblers with a long experience in deceiving their voters perform hopefully their last political bribery comedy," said von Storch.
A source told POLITICO that the reason for the expulsion was controversial "shoot refugees" comments, and that if the MEPs do not leave voluntarily, the ECR has threatened to kick them out by a vote.
Last month, von Storch stated that the police should be allowed to use weapons against women and children who enter Germany illegally. They later tried to water down their remarks, saying that “the use of firearms against children is not permitted,” but “women are a different matter.”
Maïa de La Baume and Ryan Collins contributed to this article.
Authors:
Share. Join some of the biggest names in gaming, including BioWare, Ubisoft Montreal, Treyarch and Team ICO as they discuss storytelling in games. Join some of the biggest names in gaming, including BioWare, Ubisoft Montreal, Treyarch and Team ICO as they discuss storytelling in games.
Book sales are in decline; cinema queues are thinning; the art of the tweet is on the rise. Video games, like many emerging forms of digital entertainment, are the latest indicator that the way we consume media is changing. We want different things from our entertainment these days. Humanity is starting to move away from passive forms of recreation – instead opting to 'lean-in', participate and shape their experience.
This interactivity poses a lot of challenges for game designers – and game writers are on the very front line, crafting tales that give you weeks of well paced, though-provoking entertainment, rather than a disposable hour or two in a cinema chair.
IGN Australia approached some of the biggest, most established game development studios in the world to pick their collective brains about the past, present and future of storytelling in games. We'll be presenting their thoughts across three features. Our deepest thanks to these excellent contributions from the minds at Bioware, Quantic Dreams, Treyarch, Team ICO, Irrational, Media Molecule and many others. Storytelling in Games:
Part 1: The Past and Present
IGN: How has storytelling in video games matured over the last decade or so? Has it matured?
Radical Entertainment - Matt Armstrong, Design Director:
Storytelling in games has definitely matured as developers have started to get a better understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of games as a storytelling medium. There was a time when there was a very strong separation of church and state between cinematics and gameplay - the cinematics told the story and then the player played the game and that was just how it was. In the last ten years, however, we've seen a very clear drive towards unifying both areas with a view to creating a form of storytelling that is unique to gaming.
Valve has actually been one of the chief vanguards of this shift, with the Half-Life and Portal games telling genuinely immersive and emotionally involving stories without recourse to a single cutscene. You see something very similar in the Call of Duty series where Infinity Ward and Treyarch have worked hard to bring the telling of the story into the game world and have the player actively "experience" the story as they're playing the game, rather than just being shown the story during the downtime between missions. This is incredibly exciting because we're finally starting to see games establish an entirely unique style of storytelling, as opposed to simply taking their cues from movies and working within the inherent limitations of the medium.
Ubisoft Montreal - Richard Rouse III, Narrative Director:
I think it has, even if it hasn't exactly been a revolution. I think there have been great game stories told through the history of the medium, but the way we tell stories and the types of stories we`re telling has changed significantly. Certainly it's hard to compare storytelling in Infocom games to something like Portal.
One of the most pleasing developments to me is developers realizing that cut-scenes do not need to be the primary means of telling a game story. Cut-scenes to me still feel like something we`ve just ripped off wholesale from another medium, and they don't play to our strengths. And now that our game worlds look so amazing, we can tell a lot of that story through the environment, through the characters that you actually play with as opposed to ones who are pre-rendered in a cinematic.
The Valve games or BioShock or Modern Warfare show how you can pull off a lot without ever having to yank player control a way. Even the Uncharted titles or the modern Prince of Persia games do a lot of good cut-scenes, but also tell a lot of their story through game play, through the environment, through characters that you spend time with as you play. As we've gotten smarter about cut-scene use, it feels like we`re coming into our own instead of wishing we were working on movies instead.
Ubisoft Montreal - Kevin Shortt, Story Designer:
Certainly it's matured. I think the major shift has been a gradual recognition by the game industry that storytelling is a vital ingredient of any gaming experience. Rockstar had a big hand in that with GTA – particularly GTA: San Andreas. They started devoting a lot of effort into the characters they created for their games…characters with genuine personalities that didn't come from Saturday morning cartoons, and gamers loved it.
We're reaching a point where players want deeper experiences. As the game worlds grow richer and more detailed, we expect the same from our characters and our adventure. Whereas there were just a handful of stories worth noting a decade ago, now we can look to several games each year that have compelling stories and characters drawing us in.
BioWare - Casey Hudson, Executive Producer:
Storytelling in video games has definitely matured a lot in the last decade. One way to look at the maturity of a medium is to look at how well the content makes use of the unique aspects of the experience. Just like early movies had not yet developed the sophisticated language of cinematic storytelling, early games had neither the features nor the content to really weave the emotional impact of great storytelling with the interactivity of the medium. And with games, interactivity is the core of the experience. The best contemporary videogames are doing really interesting things to bring storytelling subtleties and emotion into the interactivity.
Eurocom - Rob Matthews, Project Manager:
I think if you look back over the last 10-15 years, there has been a growing appreciation for engaging stories and our industry will continue to mature, both in the stories we tell and the techniques we use.
I also feel that as an industry we've broadened our horizons to include a wider spectrum of art forms alongside film and television as a source of inspiration, we still suffer from tunnel vision at times but I'm optimistic for the future.
Team ICO - Fumito Ueda, Director and Lead Designer:
I don't think storytelling in video games has matured so much in the last decade. Currently there are two techniques of storytelling. The first is to communicate story to the audience in an organic way (text -> voice -> visual information such as acting). The second is to restrict the amount of information you provide to the audience like Japanese Haiku, and leave the rest to the audience's imagination. Both of these techniques were used in ICO and Shadow of the Colossus that I produced.
Guerrilla Games - Jan-Bart van Beek, Art Director:
It has matured much more than most people realise. This decade has been the decade of games like Ico, Half-Life 2, Uncharted 2, as well as some of the best RPGs in gaming history. Some gamers have melancholic views of games from the 90's and 80's, as if those were somehow highlights in the short history of videogames.
Of course brilliant games have been made in those days, some featuring not only excellent gameplay, but also good characters and the best graphics of the day. But games start showing their age very, very quickly. In your memory some of those stories may stand out, but if you would replay them again, chances are you be cringing through them all the way. Partially this has to do with the ever rising quality standards within the industry for the top triple-A titles, but it also has to do with a maturing audience that has become very critical of the games they play.
High Moon Studios - Matt Tieger, Game Director:
As an industry, I do think things have improved. Players get to actively participate in many story critical game events, but we still haven't universally cracked the emotional motivation behind those actions.
2K Marin - Ken Levine, Creative Director:
I've got a bit of a biased viewpoint here. I think of the medium's maturity as maturing, as it relates to doing things that the gaming media does well exclusively. I'm not as interested in doing something as well as some movie or TV show does, because then why aren't we just watching a movie or TV show? So, yes, we are much better now than we were ten years ago in telling stories OUTSIDE of cut scenes.
2K Marin - Jack Scalici, Director of Production
I still consider a couple of 10+ year old games as having some of the best storytelling I've experienced in any medium, so somebody must have been doing something right back then. I think what has matured is the industry's overall attitude toward storytelling. 10 years ago, it felt like very few companies were even trying. Today, story is no longer an afterthought, and developers finally have people on staff whose only job it is to make sure the story shines… or at least doesn't suck.
What has really matured is the technology. The storytelling tools at our disposal today are far superior to what we had 10 years ago. 10 years ago if you wanted to create an emotionally impactful scene featuring human characters, you had to hire an animation studio to produce it over the course of a few months, and for a ton of money. Now we do it all in the game engine, in a matter of weeks.
We typically look to professional voice talent to bring our stories to life, and I can tell you that actors take games a lot more seriously than they did 10 years ago. A lot of the actors I work with today grew up playing games, so they're often instantly familiar with what we're trying to achieve. You would be truly amazed at how difficult it is for an actor who has never played a game to correctly perform the ubiquitous videogame line "grenade out!"
Media Molecule - Mark Healey, Co-founder:
Well, I'm not sure I have a good overview, as I don't actually play many games these days, especially long sprawling games with intricate tales to tell. I much prefer casual games, but from what I do know about, it's probably fair to say it has matured, but not that much. Heavy Rain stands out in my mind – that's the first time I've played a game and felt I was playing a role in a movie – but even stories told in movies with actors and scripts are quite often poor descendants of a book – which is the best medium in my opinion for really good stories. I recently started playing a point and click adventure game called 'The Dream Machine' – and have to say that really has me gripped. There seems to be a cool story unfolding in that, but I haven't got that far into it yet.
Platinum Games - Atsushi Inaba, Producer:
Video games are a medium that allows the creators' control over players' emotions. Stories were not of great importance to older games, but much higher-level experiences are expected today -- the demand for growth in this area has expanded rapidly. I wouldn't call the current level of maturity in video game storytelling ideal; in fact, I think an even higher level of quality will be demanded in the future.
Quantic Dream - David Cage, Founder:
I don't think that storytelling in games has matured over the last decade. There are many reasons for this: the first one is that video games are still exclusively based on physical actions, whether it is shooting someone, destroying something or jumping on a platform. No decent story can be told where the hero can only do ten basic physical actions.
Games also very often take B-movies and blockbusters as their main reference, which is certainly not ideal in regards to storytelling. Very few people explore drama seriously, or comedy or tragedy, genres that would not work with the current limitations of games but constitute the essence of a good narrative.
In fact, the other reason why storytelling has not matured is because few people value it. Publishers think it is not important as long as there are enough weapons and enemies, some gamers think it is a "nice to have" but not a necessary feature. I think this is really a mistake.
We also have an issue with authors. We usually prefer to deal with programmers than writers, because we feel they are more "under control". An author may come back with an idea, which could definitely be an issue… What matters is what you tell and what the audience feels, much more than how many particles you can display in a frame.
Telltale Games - Dave Grossman, Senior Designer
Studios are getting pretty good at creating a mood, backing it up with both presentational elements and gameplay. The characters you see on screen are better actors, at least physically and facially speaking. And designers are thinking increasingly in terms of fancy literary concepts like Narrative Structure, Context, Subtext, Theme, even Metaphor. Metaphor! There's a lot more to good storytelling, and plenty that we're not doing very well yet, but these things excite me nonetheless.
Treyarch - Dave Anthony, VP of Production:
I believe the most significant stride is in the realization of a consistent believable performance. Until the last few years there would likely be a jarring transition between the game world and a video sequence. Nowadays in-game graphics are rendered so realistically, combined with nuance in animation and AAA Hollywood talent performing, it has transformed storytelling to be at least on par with what mainstream movies have to offer.
Visceral Games - Steve Papoutsis, Executive Producer:
As gaming systems have advanced so has the ability for game developers to tell stories. Back in the day games would have text that popped up to tell the player what was happening. Now we have full VO, full facial and body motion capture, and surround sound, not to mention the amazing visuals teams are able to create. These elements have allowed game makers to dig deeper into narrative and really start delivering compelling stories.
Chinese vendor Proview apparently owns rights to the iPad trademark in China, and it has two billion reasons not to honor its prior agreement with Apple as the Wall Street Journal cited a representative of Proview creditors who suggested compensation from Apple “could range as high as $2 billion,” which is up from the previous sum of $1.5 billion. Cash-strapped Proview recently filed for bankruptcy, so courts could interpret this as banks' last-ditch effort to recoup their loans to Proview.
A Hong Kong court ruled last year that Apple's agreement with Proview was valid, but that case is still pending on the Chinese mainland. Court documents uncovered by Dow Jones suggest on Dec. 23, 2009, Apple of California bought the rights to the iPad trademark from Proview in South Korea, Thailand, Singapore, and China for a paltry sum of about $55,494 in today's dollars. Proview waived its right to sue for past infringements and passing off.
Proview said it still owns the trademark and maintains the deal did n0t include the China market. Another court in Mainland China sided with Proview, thus paving the way for a potential injunction on both the import and export of iPads. The world's largest contract manufacturer, Foxconn, is exclusively manufacturing Apple's tablet in China.
Proview chairperson Yang Rongshan said today: “If we are not compensated properly, then Apple doesn't use the iPad trademark in mainland China.” Shenzhen-based Proview, once a well-known monitor vendor, claimed it started developing a product called the iPAD in 2000. iPAD stands for “Internet Personal Access Device.” So, what does Proview's iPAD look like? Images are right after the break.
Apple argued Proview is purposefully refusing to honor the agreement to push Apple into an unnecessary trademark licensing agreement. The company said it “bought Proview's worldwide rights to the iPad trademark in 10 different countries several years ago. Proview refuses to honor their agreement with Apple, and a Hong Kong court has sided with Apple in this matter.” Despite local customs' stance that implementing a countrywide ban on such a globally popular product is impractical, authorities in more than 30 Chinese cities have removed the device from retail stores.
Proview's iPad device from 2000 looks a lot like Apple's iMac. They made from 10,000 to 20,000 units between 1998 and 2000. Image courtesy of MIC Gadget.
Related articles
Steph Curry says he's proud of everybody on the Warriors while acknowledging it's difficult to finish the season by losing in the NBA Finals. (0:42)
OAKLAND, Calif. -- After losing Game 7 of the 2016 NBA Finals to the Cleveland Cavaliers 93-89, Golden State Warriors All-Stars Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green expressed their pain and their regrets.
"It hurts, man," Curry said after the game. "I mean, that's all I'm really kind of marinating on right now."
Editor's Picks Season full of history ends in misery for Golden State After a season that saw an NBA-record 73 wins, another MVP for Steph Curry and endless accolades, the Warriors failed when it counted the most. What's the next step after their shocking collapse?
What moves must Warriors make to rise again? What moves should the Warriors make to get back to the top? Should they let Harrison Barnes go? Our NBA Insiders debate the future for Golden State. 1 Related
When asked about their physical state, given that they had sprained their MCL in the first round against the Houston Rockets, Curry said, "I'm fine. I mean, I have three months to obviously get ready for next season. I won't get injured celebrating tonight, I can tell you that much."
The Warriors missed their last nine shots to finish the game.
When Thompson was asked why Golden State could not close the game, they said, "I mean, I don't know. It's hard for me to answer that right now. It is the hardest thing I've ever had to go through in my sports career. It's just difficult to process right now."
Thompson shot 6-of-17 for 14 points, and their backcourt mate Curry went 6-of-19 for 17 points. When asked why the Splash Brothers weren't themselves in Game 7, Thompson responded, "I really can't. I'm sorry."
In contrast, Green scored efficiently and notched 32 points on 15 shots to go with 15 rebounds and nine assists. They previously said Golden State would have won the series in Game 5 had they not been suspended for a swipe at LeBron James' groin at the end of Game 4.
"It hurts, man," Stephen Curry said of Golden State's Game 7 loss to Cleveland after owning a 3-1 series advantage. "I mean, that's all I'm really kind of marinating on right now." Kelley L Cox/USA TODAY Sports
"This playoff run, for me, has been a bunch of highs and a few lows, and the lows have kind of been tough," Green said. "Because there have been some instances where character was attacked, and I've said, being suspended for a game, not being able to be out there with my teammates, you know, it's been a pretty tough road."
On the incident in Game 4 and subsequent Finals loss, Green said, "I learned from it, and I'll be better. But I'm not afraid to say that it's my fault. I think it was. But this ain't the last that you'll see from us."
Curry echoed Green's sentiments and said the pain of Sunday will help Golden State going forward.
"It's not a good feeling, like I said," Curry said. "At the end of the day, we want to keep this memory so that it will fuel us as we stay together as a team. Because like Draymond said, this ain't the last time you're going to this stage.
"Just a tough feeling."
Yet again, U.S. President Donald Trump's Twitter feed has come back to haunt him, this time revealing a flip-flopping stance on how the Obama administration responded to the use of chemical weapons in Syria.
At least 72 people were killed Tuesday in northern Syria by a suspected government chemical attack against civilians, according to Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The attack, if confirmed, would mark the deadliest chemical attack in four years.
White House spokesperson Sean Spicer called the catastrophe “heinous” before pivoting to blame the previous administration's “weakness” on Syria's use of chemical weapons.
"President Obama said in 2012 that they would establish a 'red line' against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing," Spicer said at a Tuesday press briefing.
Obama's “red line” at the time was a threat of U.S. military action if Syria continued to use chemical weapons. Such consequences never came to pass, in part because the Republican-led Congress declined to hold a vote approving Obama's proposed military action. Regardless, President Bashar Assad later agreed to a deal, brokered by Russia, to abandon use of chemical weapons.
We should stay the hell out of Syria, the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2013
As the events unfolded, Trump repeatedly tweeted that Obama should “stay the hell out of Syria” and that there was “no upside and tremendous downside” to military action.
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria, we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 30, 2013
Trump's comments, tweeted between May and September of 2013, revealing a glaringly different take on the matter than Spicer's Tuesday statement.
What I am saying is stay out of Syria. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 4, 2013
AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 5, 2013
Every year thousands of people cross Puget Sound with their bikes via the Washington State Ferry system for fun and functional trips – some with bike trailers in tow, loaded with camping supplies, children, and other essentials.
Whatever's in your bike trailer, it's about to get a lot more expensive to take it aboard a WSF ferry, thanks to a new fare proposal being considered by the Washington Transportation Commission.
This week, join us in opposing the fare change to keep biking an affordable and accessible transportation and tourism option.
Addendum: Scroll to the bottom of this post to learn the outcome of Cascade and our supports' comments on this proposal.
Next Wednesday (July 26) the Washington State Transportation Commission (WSTC) – the committee that sets state ferry fares – will approve new rates. While ferry fare increases are pretty routine, and are usually around 2% every two years, the proposal before the WSTC this year includes a "reclassification” of bikes with trailers that will result in most summer season bike-trailer trips costing 1.5 times the current cost! The Commission is receiving public comment through Friday.
Towing a trailer behind your bike aboard a WSF ferry is currently covered as part of the $1 bicycle surcharge paid on the standard passenger fare when you bring your bike aboard. The proposal in front of the WSTC will reclassify bikes with trailers, charging them a higher vehicle “stowage” fee rather than the bicycle surcharge.
The proposed bike trailer reclassification boils down to an unprecedented fare increase on a small number of ferry users. It's a change that will impact a few people greatly – like families with small children, bike tourists and people who use a bicycle as their sole mode of travel – while generating a negligible revenue increase to the system.
DOLLARS MORE TO RIDE
Functionally, a reclassification would mean that rolling from Seattle to Fay Bainbridge Park for an overnight camping trip, or touring the San Juan's by bike is about to cost a whole lot more. We've done the math on these routes, and the current and future proposed costs are below.
A summer (peak season) return trip between Seattle and Bainbridge Island will change from $9.20 under the current fare structure to $16. That's a 73% fare increase.
Travelling with a bike trailer from Anacortes to Friday Harbor in summer will go from $17.25 to $27.05 – a 57% increase, and that's before you factor in inter-Island ferry travel once you've made it to Anacortes. Currently that is free to bikes and pedestrians, the proposed reclassification to a bike and trailer being a vehicle means paying $6.40 on each leg of inter-island travel.
JUST A FEW DAYS LEFT TO VOICE CONCERN
Cascade is asking the Washington State Transportation Commission (WSTC) not to approve this reclassification, and to keep fares affordable for people who bike. Will you join us in telling the WSTC that people who bike do not support this fare increase?
We have through Friday to email the WSTC and comment on the new ferry fare proposals, especially the one that will disproportionately impact people who bike.
AN UPDATE AS OF JULY 26, 2017
In the four days after this post was published, over 550 Cascade members and supporters shared their thoughts on the fare increase proposal with Washington State Ferries (WSF) and the Washington State Transportation Commission (WSTC). The bike trailer fare proposal was, according to the WSTC, “the biggest single issue commented on among all the fare proposals.”
The result: WSF and WSTC backpedalled on the idea of a flat fare increase for all bike trailers on ferries. Instead, starting October 2017, only bikes towing kayaks and canoes will pay a higher fare – and on inter-island journeys in the San Juan's that fee will be waived. Bikes towing all other types of trailers will continue to pay the passenger plus bicycle surcharge rate.
The outcome – shaped by the hundreds of comments you all sent – will help keep biking an affordable, accessible transportation option.
Bikes roll off the ferry in Winslow, Bainbridge Island. It's a busy route for bike commuters heading to jobs in Seattle, and people exploring the west side of Puget Sound by bike.
Six-time Sprint Cup Series champion Jimmie Johnson spends most of their time at the track focused on going fast in their familiar No. 48 car.
But the Hendrick Motorsports driver carved out a few minutes during the fall race weekend at Phoenix International Raceway to talk with FOXSports.com NASCAR writer Jared Turner about parenthood, how they stay calm under pressure, where they would like to visit and much more.
Turner: Where do you see yourself in 30 years?
Article continues below ...
JJ: Thirty. Gosh. I've been always asked about five or 10. Thirty's a whole different game. I guess potentially enjoying grandkids. That would make my daughters 34 and 31, so somewhere in that part of life definitely enjoying traveling, which has been something that my wife and I have always enjoyed. There are a lot of places we want to see and experience, so I would assume that would be layered in there, too.
Turner: What's the one place you've never been that you'd like to see and experience?
JJ: We've been through Europe, I've been to South Africa, but Vietnam, gosh, there's just so many places. I've never been to Russia and just have a little bit of intrigue about Russia. Indonesia, that whole area, China, Japan. I've only been to Europe, really, and then throughout North America. I've always just had a better appreciation for life and things in general by traveling and experiencing other cultures, and I usually come home and I realize the things about America that I love and then that I also dislike. I think having that worldly mindset is important. It's easily forgotten once you're back home, so to have that exposure and really see so many other people across the world and what their cultures are about and what their lifestyles are like is always interesting to me.
Turner: If you could change one thing about America, what would it be and why?
JJ: For me, when you're in these little villages through Europe that I've experienced so far, the day is treated so much differently — from your shopping habits to your appreciation of the day and the people you're around and the respect you have for everything. We're in such a rush. We make sure we go to a big box and buy 20 of everything that we need, usually flip off two or three people on the way to the big box retailer, fight for a parking spot, stuff some fast food down our throats while we're inside and then head home and have a little bit of road rage again and pull in the driveway and try to be a good parent. It's just different. And the places I've experienced so far, you really wake up and live for the day and just have a different appreciation for the day.
Turner: How is Jimmie Johnson the father of two little girls different from Jimmie Johnson the race car driver?
JJ: I've always felt that I was a patient man, but being a parent has taken my skill set for patience to a whole new level. I do find that I've got to put these little compartments together so there's the work face, the race face. Then there's the at-home presence, and I'm working hard to keep those two worlds as separate as possible. It does happen where you bring work home, and everybody has those moments where you walk in the door a little upset about the way things went, and then that cliche that's out there: When you see your kids, it just changes everything. That is very accurate and true … but just being present and being present for both, because both are very demanding. I need to give all that I can to my career, but at the same time, when I get home I need to close that compartment door and be into my family.
Turner: Would you rather be liked or successful?
JJ: I don't care. I'm just going to be me. I've worried about different aspects along the way through my career, and I started off not having success and was liked by everyone through my younger years. Found my way into some success — and especially the outside world at this high level is far different — and found that I wasn't liked as much as I was used to, and it started to wear on me for a little bit, but then two things happened. One, I realized that in pro sports, you're going to cheer for your person or your team and then boo the rest. The other thing is, if I don't have a chance to get to know someone, why do I care what their opinion is of me? And that's where most of my weight lies. If I have a chance to get to know someone and they don't like me, that would bother me far more than a fan being a fan.
Turner: In what ways do you think you've been able to show more of your personality in recent years?
JJ: I don't know what it is. I don't feel like I've made an effort to do so. I can say that social media has been a big tool and helped, not that I looked at it and said, ‘Wow, I'm going to use this for that,' but when I'm at my workspace I take it serious and I'm focused. People have had different opinions of me in that space, and I guess if I'm going to be accused of being too focused and too serious about my job, I'm fine with that. But social media's allowed others that don't know me to see the day-to-day stuff and more casual side of me.
Turner: When was the last time you felt scared in a race car?
JJ: Ah, it happens throughout each and every weekend. There are different levels of it, but in a race, in qualifying. (At the fall 2014 race) in qualifying we were so aggressive in the cars at Texas, and there were plenty of moments in qualifying. And then the last restart where I got the lead, Brad (Keselowski) was on the outside of me through (turns) 1 and 2, and I was afraid I was going to spin out, and we went down into (turns) 3 and 4 and I committed to either crashing or winning, and I came out with the lead. So that happens.
Turner: What has surprised you, if anything, about your White House visits?
JJ: That the president has time to say hello, and granted, it's a small window of time — about 10 or 15 minutes of interaction and he's gone and off to work — but No. 1, it's that you're able to be there with the president. No. 2, it's just how small it all seems at the White House. There's some grass and an old White House and some more rooms and offices, and that's really it. I mean, I'm sure there's a lot more there that I just haven't — and very few — get the access to see, but it isn't this monstrous palace that you see in other countries where their rulers live or did live. It's an old white house.
Turner: If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
JJ: I wish I could always spin things in a positive manner. Some people just have that peaceful presence. It's very easy in our sport to live by your success on the track, and having a year like this year where we've been frustrated, it's very easy to have that drag you down. So I just wish that I could naturally stay just peaceful and happy at all times.
Turner: What makes you so calm under pressure?
JJ: Everybody has a mechanism in how they deal with the pressure, and that's just been my trait since I was a young kid. Others go in the complete opposite direction, but for me it's just the way I was wired.
Turner: What person from world history do you admire the most and why?
JJ: Man, world history. I think of the early pioneers and settlers and how brave someone like Columbus was. Everyone thought the world was flat and it was like, ‘Nah, I don't believe so. I'm going to keep sailing this direction, and I don't think I'm going to fall off into the abyss,' or off into space or whatever they considered it then. That's one great example. But you don't have to go too far back to where you lose all these luxuries and amenities that we're used to today like motor barred vehicles and warm showers, a nice roof to stay under. So you can even go back 200 or 300 years just in American history and find some great examples. In world history I guess I'd go with Columbus because they had the balls to keep on sailing.
Turner: How do you deal with disappointment?
JJ: I try to learn from it. There are lessons in everything and I've had the most impactful lessons given to me through failure. If failure falls on your shoulders solely, it's real easy for me then. I know where to look and dig. It's a little more painful and probably a longer process. If it's shared between me and the team, it's probably a little easier. If it's somebody else's mistake, it's even easier, yet, so it just depends on where the responsibility lies.
VIDEO: FOX Sports' Darrell Waltrip shoots breeze with Jimmie Johnson
Fiskville CFA fire-training facility closed indefinitely after chemical residue found in water
Updated
The Victorian Country Fire Authority's (CFA) training facility at Fiskville, north-west of Melbourne, has been closed indefinitely after chemical residue was found in the water supply.
The chairperson and chief executive of WorkSafe Victoria have also resigned after concerns about the agency's handling of complaints made about the site.
The facility, located near the town of Ballan, was already the subject of a state parliamentary inquiry into concerns firefighters were exposed to toxic chemicals dating back to the 1970s.
Now, a chemical residue, known as PFOS, from a banned firefighting foam has been found in mains water stored in two large tanks on the site.
The CFA's chief executive, Michael Wooten, said "low levels" of contamination were discovered in tanks fed by mains water and the closure was precautionary.
"Drinking water is treated by other organisations to make sure it's safe for drinking so we didn't believe the mains water was going to represent a risk to the site, and that's why we hadn't tested it before," they said.
People have stood up and said 'this is safe', and the place is not safe. Daniel Andrews, Victorian Premier
However Peter Marshall, from the United Firefighters Union, said the substance was "extremely toxic and dangerous".
"It is known to cause cancer and is actually banned in most countries," they said.
WorkSafe Victoria chairperson chief David Krasnostein and chief executive Denise Cosgrove have quit at the request of the State Government.
The safety watchdog had previously declared the site to be safe, despite the ongoing concerns raised by firefighters and staff.
A dangerous place that has made people sick
Premier Daniel Andrews said there were "real uncertainties" about the future of Fiskville and said it would not reopen until it was safe.
"People have stood up and said 'this is safe', and the place is not safe," they said.
"That the water had been tested, that we can confident. Clearly we cannot be confident.
"How could you possibly have confidence?
"This is a dangerous place that has made people sick.
"The families of those who died are entitled to justice and answers."
Emergency Services Minister Jane Garrett said they were "deeply concerned" about the discovery and ordered an investigation.
"It's unclear how they got into those water tanks and where else they may be," they said.
"This is something that must be acted upon immediately which is why the site has been shut down."
Mr Marshall said the facility should have been closed earlier.
"You have to ask the question why this testing wasn't done at that location at an earlier stage?"
Ms Garrett said it was extremely unlikely the facility would ever reopen.
"[A] Monash University health study showed that there were significant increases in some cancers for people who'd been training and working at the site," they said.
"Now we have another black mark against this training facility with water contamination that's been found today and really I don't believe that this site will continue."
Long history of concerns at Fiskville
More than a dozen people linked to the Fiskville site have died of cancer, including whistleblower Brian Potter, a former fire chief who suffered a series of cancers over a period of 15 years.
A report in 2012 confirmed firefighters had been exposed to chemicals through water used in hot fire training exercises.
But the report also declared the facility was safe and said the risk of getting cancer was low.
However the CFA admitted it did not act quickly enough to respond to the cancer concerns.
Mick Tisbury, a senior station office with the Metropolitan Fire Brigade (MFB), started investigating the water quality at Fiskville in 2012.
Training recruits reported the water had an odd smell and colour.
"The more we dig, the scarier it became," they said.
"For years there was report after report, after report from external environmental and health organisations all saying the water is category A industrial waste. It's a matter of urgency, stop using it and clean it out.
"It was so heavily contaminated that it was actually illegal to remove it from the site, yet the CFA and MFB senior management knew about this."
The firefighters' union banned its members from the site, however, the site kept operating. Some officers simply refused to go there.
"Hopefully it'll never be open again," Mr Tisbury said.
"The next step will be ensuring that everyone who was ever exposed has regular health monitoring.
"There's nothing we can do about what we've been exposed to but if we can identify stuff early and nip it in the bud, you've got more chance of survival."
Topics: disasters-and-accidents, fires, occupational-health-and-safety, ballan-3342
First posted
cutemetalhead:
by the way, since we're talking about r/tumblrinaction, i just thought you should all know that they literally encourage their users to go through these tags to pick on people, so i'd be wary about tagging stuff so it appears in these tags.
as was stated before, a lot of redditors use an entry youre featured on to send you anon hate, reblog your post to unsafe people, etc. so they might find you through these tags. a good way to avoid this is to put letters/numbers/symbols after the trigger, so you could put say #ableism 890283948 or #fatphobia djflksjdfj or #racism /// (like i do!). make sure if you do this theres a space between the trigger and the letters/numbers/symbols.
if you'd like you can signal boost this so your followers know to watch out
Archive Dec 2017 (1) Nov 2017 (4) Oct 2017 (4) Aug 2017 (1) Jul 2017 (1) Jun 2017 (5) Apr 2017 (7) Mar 2017 (14) Jan 2017 (1) Dec 2016 (10) Nov 2016 (18) Oct 2016 (1) Apr 2016 (16) Mar 2016 (25) Dec 2015 (3) Sep 2015 (12) Aug 2015 (3) Jul 2015 (1) Mar 2015 (1) Feb 2015 (12) Jan 2015 (2) Aug 2014 (12) Jun 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) Apr 2014 (17) Mar 2014 (18) Jun 2013 (1) May 2013 (13) Aug 2011 (2) Jul 2011 (2) May 2011 (5) Aug 2010 (4) May 2010 (1) Jul 2009 (15) Jun 2009 (17) May 2009 (18) Apr 2009 (14) Mar 2009 (40) Feb 2009 (17) Jan 2009 (14) Dec 2008 (14) Nov 2008 (7) Oct 2008 (1) Sep 2008 (2) Apr 2008 (1) Mar 2008 (1) Feb 2008 (1) Nov 2007 (2) Sep 2007 (5) Aug 2007 (1) Jul 2007 (1) Jun 2007 (2) May 2007 (4) Apr 2007 (6) Mar 2007 (4) Jan 2007 (2) Dec 2006 (6) Nov 2006 (1) Sep 2006 (7) Aug 2006 (12) Jul 2006 (11)
Dame Julie Andrews is releasing more untold stories about their life.
The legendary musical icon announced on Monday that there will be a second volume to their 2008 book, Home.
In the new book, Andrews, 79, will share stories of what happened behind the scenes of their biggest films, including Mary Poppins, The Sound of Music,Thoroughly Modern Millie, Victor/Victoria and more.
"My first memoir, Home, was about my childhood, early training and formative years in the Theater," they said in a statement. "I am so pleased that my good friends at the Hachette Book Group have encouraged me to share the next phase of my life, beginning with my arrival in Hollywood and the wonderful movies and television programs I was asked to be a part of."
WATCH: Julie Andrews Reveals 'The Sound of Music' Secrets 50 Years Later
They will also get personal with details about their second marriage to Blake Edwards, who passed away in 2010, and their experiences as a mother to five children.
In 2008's Home: A Memoir of My Early Years, Andrews revealed a story that they hadn't even told their siblings. As recounted in a New York Times review, "One evening when they were 14 and driving their inebriated mother back from a party, Barbara told them that their father was not, in fact, Ted Wells, but the man whose party they had just attended, with whom Julie remembered 'feeling an electricity...that I couldn't explain.'"
NEWS: Lady Gaga Worked with a Vocal Coach for 6 Months for Epic 'Sound of Music' Performance
The new memoir will come out in September of 2017. Andrews' announcement comes just a few weeks after The Sound of Music turned 50 on March 2. Check out the video below to see them reveal secrets about The Sound of Music in the video below.
San Francisco 49ers outside linebacker Ahmad Brooks allegedly attacked their teammate Lamar Divens and authorities have obtained an arrest warrant. (Photo11: Cary Edmondson, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Brooks allegedly hit Lamar Divens with beer bottle three times, then punched them
Divens suffered 3-inch laceration to forehead
49ers have declined comment on the incident
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — The Santa Clara District Attorney's Office erroneously filed an arrest warrant for 49ers linebacker Ahmad Brooks after allegations that they repeatedly hit a teammate on the head with a beer bottle, a prosecutor said Wednesday.
The district attorney's office is still investigating the incident and will decide next week whether or not to bring charges, Assistant District Attorney Karyn Sinunu-Towery said. They said there is no outstanding arrest warrant.
"We haven't had time to look at everything we have and make a fair assessment of what went wrong here," they said.
Prosecutors sought the warrant last week to arrest Brooks on suspicion of committing felony assault with a deadly weapon. A judge signed it last Thursday, but the county district attorney's office asked to have it put on hold the next day, Santa Clara Superior Court spokesperson Joe Macaluso said.
According to police, Brooks hit teammate Lamar Divens with the bottle three times and then punched them in the face during an early morning argument on June 8. The alleged attack left Divens with a 3-inch cut on their forehead, according to police statements accompanying the warrant application.
Brooks, Divens and others had been drinking and went to a bar before returning to Brooks' house. Divens pretended to throw Brooks' keys in the grass, though they had actually held onto the keys, prompting the attack, according to the statements.
Investigators were told Brooks was intoxicated and had threatened to get a gun, according to the statements.
A person who answered the telephone at a number listed for Brooks referred questions seeking comment to the 49ers. The team said in an email that it was aware of the situation, but would not comment for now.
Brooks started every regular-season game last season, finishing with 46 tackles, 6½ sacks, an interception and two forced fumbles.
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Websites that link to pirated material could be in trouble for copyright infringement, the European Union's top court has ruled.
The European Court of Justice notes in a controversial ruling (pdf) dated Sept. 8 that “when hyperlinks are posted for profit, it may be expected that the person who posted such a link should carry out the checks necessary to ensure that the work concerned is not illegally published.”
In short, for-profit websites that hyperlink to copyrighted material are on the wrong side of the law—even if they didn't know the web link was infringing copyright—as it's their duty to check.
The ruling concerned Playboy's Dutch publisher, who won its legal fight to get the website GeenStijl to remove a FileFactory web link to photos of a TV celebrity, which were posted illegally. So GeenStijl was liable for the infringement of copyright, even though the material only appeared on its pages via a link to a page hosted by FileFactory.
The website slammed the ruling, describing it as a blow to press freedom. “If commercial media companies—such as GeenStijl—can no longer freely and fearlessly hyperlink it will be difficult to report on newsworthy new questions, leaked information and internal struggles and unsecure networks in large companies,” it said in a statement (link in Dutch).
While the ruling explicitly mentions a profit motive as being key, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, warns the high court's decision will affect non-profit websites, too. It noted that the definition of “financial gain” is broad enough to encompass a wide variety of websites, and that non-profit websites that hyperlink to infringing content can be liable if they knew that the material was pirated—if, for example, they receive a notice from the copyright holder.
The high court said it “accepts that it may prove difficult, in particular for individuals who wish to post such links, to ascertain whether the works involved are protected and, if necessary, whether the copyright holders of those works have consented to their publication on the internet.”
